Sitting in my room in complete silence for 2 1/2 hours  not a care on ma mind
that's what I'm asking..........What's happening!!!!???.
Literally nothing can cheer me up anymore.
Not even ice cream.
the struggle continues.
I haven't talked to in like..
8 days :o ...
ha.
You have the same view as I do
We hope so too!
LALA cc
awesome!
Glad you're liking it so far.
Let us know if you like to post ever!
Thanks for the follow Jennifer.
Hope to see some tweets from you someday.
Here we go!
oh hm
Me 2 RT : Watching NYPD attack OWS protestors after protestors removed barricades at Zucotti Park...
watching one missed call.
haven't seen this movie in like 2 years.
Wenndy: Why are they crying?
Me, Courtney: Because they just won the Super Bowl.
Wenndy: Then why isn't the other team crying?
just made the sickest shot into my garbage basket but no one was around to see it lol
The Tank Bangers  Our Blue..
Tourist doctorver
TwSIG introductions: hi folks, I'm Cristian Opazo aka Today I'm part of the Twitter Culture panel this afternoon.
Hippy Easter to you too.
the tmobile lady is liv tyler with a frosting.
I bid you goodnight.
you need a button?
I have an extra.
Young Forever Beauty Seminar has received a very positive feedback.
Will coninue doing our next session.
Stay tuned!
Skinny ties are also still the newest style.
Read more fashion tips on www.SouthFloridaAlerts.com
Its kinda sad when yourbestfriendwould choose smoking over hanging out with you when you had plans with them.
I'm seriously sick of people
I 3 my Dallas  Cali peeps ...
Dey keep me going.
So my 5th period teacher just had a BF  said I'm getting an F .
jen you did a great job.
Suzanne committed after the webinar that you are very talented.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
latest news..im trending in bulgaria
Humidity  inconsistently curly hair
REALLY!?
: I went today, I did legs,abs, arms, I hope I don't get sore tomorrow lol.
Which gym you go to?
...Twitter is for stalkers...
I'm sorry, this is just too weird for me...
No worries.
Never thought about a sub domain as a link environment...
might work better with the amount I have.
Thanks!
I think is creeping:
Good luck!
RT : Proposal for the research competition: submitted!
Today's the day!
Our latest special airs tonight on !
Oh the Reagan card now
where can we see the bat signal?
np thinking about you frank ocean

congrats hunn!!!!
I love how you stand fern on what you want in life i see i am not the only one who know what she want
Getting ready to take the stage at mwd20 to talk tech trends for emergency responders
LetsLunch: Votes are inLet's post Dads on June 8  BBQ in July!
Now if only shipping will get me my gear from SXSW so I can do the video shoot at the Code for Good event that would be nice....
its cuz i saw my ex twice this week:/
Wish I had a more eventful life, especially on Saturday nights .......
I love to sing and dance but i cant sing infront of ppl.
im too shy..so how could i overcome my fear of singing around ppl?
Consuming a 3rd fudgesicle after eating a bowl of ice cream...
I might have a problem.
DAILY DEAL: Ellen Degeneres  Here  Now
C has 300 employees because this is not easy to do
Seahawks don't want to let Zach Miller leave without a deal.
Thx for Sharing :
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Weightbearing exercise becomes more important as you get older, strengthens muscles to protect bones.
ur welcome love
Nothing like coming home after a long work day and seeing my two little girls running to me with open arms.
smacks you repeatedly
Anybody wanna go for a ride with me?
done with what
Just saw a 50 something year old bald/fat construction worker wearing UGGS while getting into his car.
I love dumb bitches, they make me look like a genius lol
At Cathedoctorl High School parent information night learning about their One to One program launch.
All students to receive iPads next year.
Listening to Mitch Schneider describing Reno's progressive approach to animal control  nokill conference.
Awesome results, lucky critters.
So the ex is dating some one right now and I had to find out from Facebook.
I called and asked hum and he said I should be dating...
whats the opportunity???
might be getting the other side of my nose pierced tomorow
Saw adorable black and white puppy walking along highway ramp.
Heartbreaking.
Worried about him.
Knows that it's going to take a bit to get out of this funk I've been in.
If he hits a girl he will rape a girl
workday16 continues to support iPhones and iPads and HTML5 compatiable devices.
New looks and feel.
Thanks dude.
BTW, I don't have info for Gina, but when she visited she said to let her know when it was out.
Can you tell her?
Most def!
Swing PHI supports equal access to QUALITY healthcare for all.
RT Thinks should follow
That makes me upset just thinking about it .
Yea so what if I cry in the end when Arnold terminates himself into the liquid hot metal and then puts a thumb up
I know what you  said over the holidays.
I ain't called KSR in months so I can hold a grudge.
he was in florida for playlist live and i stayed in the same hotel as him:
YOU JOIN I'M NOT SELFISH IT'S PLENTY
What up blood, what up cuz, what up blood, WHAT UP GANGSTER!!!
Off to school!
Have a great day my tweeps!
:
How many bodies does a writer; does an artist occupy?
Lost some homies round the way but god blessed me to see better days only thing bout my grind nigga I can't wait
If youre the marathon runner  type, you can enjoy 2for1s from now til 7, and allucandoctornk taps for 10 tonight!
Come on weekend!
Sorry for the radio silence!
The next issue of They will be released Mid June 2012.
The Los Angeles Issue.
when we going to finally play poker together
Areas experiencing mixed precip will transition to all rain in the later morning hours.
Cold rain..high around 40.
blog post?
3 Go go dolls!
because of that ask i am going to be even worse to you i hope you know
want me to hook it up with a custom layout or you?
Haha
Everyone is crashed out as I'm up killing aliens while destroys this doctorve.
Saw Greg Oden at the humane society today, the dogs he looked at were the size of his hand
I sense a late night comin' on
A rainy yucky morning called for hot oats on the stove with strawberries and peaches for breakfast.
Yum!
Please RT today is my cuzins bday and u ill make it her best bday ever if u RT so RT?
with thee hottest guy ON EARTH .
insomniainsomniainsomnia.
on the upside, check out garfunkelandoates .
they're hilarious  surprisingly sweetly melodic.
Twitter PSA: Sunday is Mother's Day.
Don't do anything tonight or tomorrow that you don't want to answer for to mom on Sunday :
ever?
If you insist!
Good luck with everything!
you're welcome :
have a blessed day :!!
made tapioca tonight and instead of vanilla I added a shot of Disaronno.
Happy Earth Day thanks for the mentions
Today is just a disgustingly terrible day.
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Ray Bans and avil
We are on a rise!
gg.
At least you still have the sickest twitter avatar ever.
Tex got this!!
MaryPoppins would be an excellent StripperName.
After Mastering PoleDancing you could do
Actually, Prime has been amazingly fast for me lately.
Good question hastac2011: Why do institutions perpetuate ineffective grading?
Is it easier for them organizationally?
is it yours?
preachin to the choir!
I visited someone tonight during close and was like thank god I don't have to clean that grimey shit
any one of those bars works for me!
What a great day!
I love weekends.
We love Rachel Crow!!!!
So awesome!!!
Shale Gas Export Boom: Planned All Along?
Firedoglake
Everyone tell to be patient please!
Mkay ahaha
Who took the picture of you on the potty??
Oh My God That Was The Biggest Fail Of My Life!!!
Lmfaoo but I got back up  walked it off like a champ!
Lol itwasscary totalblonde hahaha
So good to see signs of life at Paste.
You're the best!
Could be.
Could be.
Will have to see.
Don't know about legalities across state lines, as I mentioned.
That's the real question.
Gerald: I suppose society is wonderfully delightful?
I think I'm in love w sleep
Maybe, though that might even be the point?
Survivor Kim won.
we all predicted it.
good job
you're welcome .
sure, I'll try :
Good morning.
I think a squirrel got into my attic.
is it that naked guy from Friends?
Wondered what happened to him.
I feel like a scary movie, some popcorn, and for everybody to SHUT UP.
After I beat my family in Sorry that is.lol
I am victorious!
This game is brutal if you backing the
Hi Kaya!
I'm looking forward to hearing your presentation for Monday's ITTL event at Henry's 12th Street Tavern.
i do that too but not to that extent
: February 1st you can go get your shoes shined!!!!
Come say Hello!
Off to the gym!
so how about I texted and this trick did not text me back !
easy one :
I am officially addicted to househunters  both domestic and international.
I cannot wait until PTV's album comes out!!
and Warped Tour!!
I was just checking out your recent imagesvery cool!
Im debating on whether to get a LeBron jersey or Kevin Garnett or Kevin Durant.
Hm.
It wud be the best thing evr to get it bfor i dye my hair
girl Nah I just doctorpped my mother back home.
Took her to see Anthony Hamilton concert for mothers day.
You we're supposed to be there for me...
But I guess I was wrong, you promised me...
You FUCKING lied.
I thought you we're different.
Bitch.
I believe that S Voice is just a lawsuit from Apple waiting to happen...
Ask, Seek, Knock
Getting up am after 45 hrs of sleep 2 days in a row...brutal!
But I'll survive.
It's easier than I thought.
Will get 8hrs again tomorrow
ugh im to bored class dont kick off 10:20 so im back to sleep i go
Music like usual :D lol!!
Got anything new?
Eve 6 listening party at Phi Mu Alpha 8:30 Pm prizes to be raffled!
what??!
Yeah downtown Westerville.
Other fav bakery is Resches in Whitehall..
Both pretty life changing..
Good luck!
just cause it be late and im tired, i suppose...
True and True.
Now, don't disappear again.
Miranda.
Looking for tips on socialnetowrkingfornonprofessorts focused on internationaldevelopment Help!
menu bella, chef!!
i agree.....way too much!
Somebody should test Rondo's headband for psychedelics.
Sometimes, he's just in another basketball world.
It's the Pillsbury BakeOff way, I suppose.
I did not know you could do a dual boot to ICS on the touchpad.
Where have you seen that?
watching  Waking Ned Devine with my parents and Huey.
god afternoon
I dunno what I'm more excited for, seeing my best friend tomorrow or leaving for pcb with him Sunday :
Roger Waters is coming up and I'll probably miss out !
That's what happens when I don't save my money
Indeed, sir.
As if didn't have already enough overload, now succumbed to the dark side, and lo', becometh caste a twitterer
see for yourself..
MERRY BRITMIS GOD SAVE THE QUEEN ......
Queen Britney
Thank you!!
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Napoleon Hill
hey sexy :
oh that will definitely motivate me more than anything else.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Support Boundless Arts Collective at the April Fools Carnival at ACT on Sunday.
Kids  Arts  Boundless fun!
Being with a family like that kinda makes me feel like I am part of that family not gonna lie Its a great feeling just wish Itd last forever
Textbook White Person: going to Plaid Pantry to get Mac n' Cheese.
You better believe it baby!
I fucking love my family.
you're welcome!
...
god you can tell you went to a bootcamp
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful
Don't tell me I can't do something,don't you know that I love testing you.
hi!
Only just got back from a trip.
Will look for a space in the morning
I influence people every day 
Yu Are My Life, Yu Are My World.
yep wat ur plans for today
Other than thw Bulls, which team is in the biggest trouble
For the record Nikki you sound like 50 CENT for real lol and you don't wanna be in the same category as him lol
Be You.
I hate when people send 5011 invites for a standing monthly meeting.
Learn how to set recurrence, pretty please.
W.stickam/serraphfilms.net What we are shooting today....
jk ily aye ab says that you should date him o
Lets go GATORS!
WHOOP!
Damn this weather!!!
Grrr!!!
wats up.....where r u going to school at....and y u not following me nigga
and nearly 70,000 raised tonight at the charity event.
Look up a band called powderburn they are an awesome local band in Tx
All i'm tryna do is get this money up...
yep...
and the rest will follow.
RT : cuz you eat up all our food!
;
We agree.
interns know this all too well.
RT : One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
For a chance to win a TRIP FOR 2 TO CANCUN, come to Tavern Tech Center Thur., 3/22 from 79:00 PM!!
Join Alice Radio's Slacker  Steve...
Dude at barI want a girl that likes sports, action movies, and handjobs....Sounds like you want a straight dude that puts out.
love you Tim!
You make me want to go be more!
Good luck as a Jet, take care and godbless!!
Note to self: bananas bought at 711 five days ago are delicious.
That's the way to use Knowshon!
Good luck man and welcome to Bmore!
Just Bought A 2012 Calendar!
I think it was a peachflavored Bartles  James wine cooler.
Truly awful stuff, but they were quite popular in the late 80s.
lmfaooooo okay okay I'll try all of those!
life i learn can only blows if u allow it too if u let shit get to u then yeah it can blows just learn to say fuck it
Made it to for ' Dine Out for Life event!
congrats bud!!
Toupestache?
RT : Sometimes, I wonder if Geraldo's mustache is even real.
Justin Bieber is talented so don't even go there i'd like to see you do what he does
sadly, volt contracters don't get pro club discounts  yelp person was quoting 240/month standard prices
As for debating the bible.I could think of many things I would enjoy debating more.
one time I broke one wrist and sprained the other in a dirkbike crash ouch No doctormming then.
I'm sorry to disagree but Arizona is.
Former QB coach is the head coach and Larry Fitzgerald will help manning more than decker
I HAVE TO SHOWER.
but i'm so distracted by everything!
Thanks!!
An internship/gig/whatever you wanna call it haha
Sleepwalking more prevalent than you think.
Watch HCMC sleep expert Michel Cramer Bornemann MD on Tuesday morning!
ur SO LOVED
so you love tom felton now too?
well i love him more!
so hah!even more then rob pattinson!
and thats alotttt!
what about Hollywood?
Lakers get full 18,997 every night.
Any night.
thought about, but I like fur, not feathers.
LOL!
Met a patron from where I used to live her son goes to a school I volunteered at!
Wait what?
Connections between vg culture now and early film culture?
I wonder how many of the ingredients in today's Oreo are the same as in the Oreo from 100 years ago.
I'm joining in thanking for shining light on LGBT families in their May 2012 issue!
Rachel Mc'Adams is in every good love movie!!
The Notebook, The Vow, The time travelers wife!!
Love the uniforms!
Performing at Clairiton High School at 12pm  Capa High School at 7pm Tomorrow
Definitely.
This would encourage thinking of museums like coffee houses and the like.
A comfortable, welcoming space.
Happy New Year!!!
Let's go Pacers!!!
did you want a bud light from a dog?
Yup!
We'll be there ready to Foos at 2.
See you there!
its fine :P
4 what if wanna be apart of something.
Can if help
I don't yo man cause I got it like that but it aint even gonna be like that he he he
Bass at eli2012: NSSE high impact practices are good example of learning analytics, but overlooked as resulting activities hard to measure?
Ya ever feel like just listening to The Jonas Brothers sometimes?
Yea thats me everyday.
WHO CARES.
I MET ATL.
When fat girls say guys like big girls.
Ah nice job uppers with the Jill Scott song.
charcoalWeberpropane
V this is why Im single....
because I can't stop callin bitches bitches lol
They got me yummy treats from Buddy Squirrel and a fun floppy garden hat.
They're the best kids ever!
Haha :
One of my teenagers on why Facebook vs.
a phone call, Facebook is more immediate, phone calls go to voice mail.
What does this  in edu?
Maybe I will put off learning all about this server stuff until the morning.
MT : We journalists have helped create a nation of news illiterates  Knight Foundation's Eric Newton at
compulsive liars.
WHAT TO DO with them.
why is it they make it into something other than what they want to hear!
yeah pls tell me???
Very cute!
How are you all?
Finally a day off..!
Everything you're hearing Emery say is what I was hoping to find at WR.
it makes me think more  more they assume Knox out for '12.
Next Alternative to Open Three New Facilities to Accommodate Expected Growth N4H.DE
R u sure about that?
I heard they're cute when they're young, but hard to handle when they become teens.
Like humans, but worse.
during a review isn't everything looked at?
That wasn't a judgement call, flat out penalty.
It seems to me that the Clippers play better with EB in the floor!
playing Up with Cristiano in phone.
Oh wait, thats me!
playing with myself:
Who wants more followers?
Give us a FF and we'll hitcha back!
I'm at currently.
The other guys are
Happy birthday !
Awww im so srry hope you get better!
Im right with you cuz of allergie season.
Perfect timing
Thanks for the Shoutout!
In Florida, the executioner is paid a rate of 150 an execution.
While in public i used Siri to set a reminder for myself to buy challah and bagels.
My reputation is well deserved.
FYI  Obama will be in Downtown Bellevue this Friday
RT : From an electricity generation/emissions standpoint, dirtiest an EV will ever be is on the day you buy it.
: Bad day  good wine  balance.
agree!
How are you hopelessly happy with all of that rain in Seattle?!
I can't handle just the clouds in NY in April sometimes!
CHEERS!
What's really in chalopa?
Taco Bell meat is what type of meat?
Your daily 4mile bike commute will save about 66 gallons of fuel per year.
If just one person in a thousand were to follow your lead in...
lol i will :
Mahomies this has been a long day for us: We are family though3 Love you all.
I know you would.
NEVER too late.
There's something weird about the way 's Dave Miller keeps underlining the word man in describing the mayoral victors.
Do I need to make a reservation for Valentine's day?
1 thing that makes being sick with a cold better is Watching KhloeLamar Marathon...can't wait for the new season tonight
Everything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso
Time's up.
EL kitchen is ready to cook for you on Sunday.
Yummy Winter Squash Soup on menu  other goodies to make your week healthy  nutritious!
Can't believe I'm here in the land of SwampPeople.
Where are you Troy?
Chris Davis just struck out one of the best hitters in the AL, Adoctoran Gonzalez.
Any friends/colleagues at the CDS Meeting this week?
What are you looking forward to?
What are your goals?
We'd love to hear them!
Thanks!
I have 12 new ones.
I think that means I don't have a 'definitive' one.
Agh.
:D
Is there a softball team this year?
Let me know your schedule, because my son used to LOVE going to the games!
You still exist!
We believe in you!
got any questions send em in we are about to start recording.
Any thing you want to ask go ahead!!
I heard you made it to the 2nd round.
Congratulations bro.
I thought about trying out myself.
I know you will do fine.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
Tons of party/studio pics and music available at www.myspace.com/dubhelix!!
One year ago: Two suicide bombers attacked paramilitary police recruits heading home after months of training in northwest Pakistan,
u slay me wordsmith wino.
: Scruffy appearance?
I hardly ever rise to the sartorial level of the bindlestick toting hobo.
that show made me quit TV again.
Lol I feel So fat right now
Empty pockets never held anyone back.
Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Hopefully, I won't have to walk or stand in line when I get there!
LOL
The only doctorams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake.
John O'Callaghan
I wanna text you and tell you what's on my mind but, I always feel like I'm either bothering you or wasting your time.
HAI KYRA.
IM DOING SCIENCE DURING GYM OR LUNCH YOLO.
THE ROLLING STONES MAG THAT WE WERE INTERVIEWED IS OUT.
625 by the bridge has the rankest smell none to man 
I love You TOO Much Going Mindless
SOX: In 2010, Danel Nava's first MLB HR was a grand slam.
Will Middlebrooks accomplished that feat in the 5th inning today as well.
hope this was resolved.
Let me know.
: Let's be real, sick days are actually hungover days.
I hate when people try to use me!!!.
thank you Dennis  boys high jump and girls pole vault is just what I needed.
stay safe out there!
Need a mammogram?
How about a physical?
Blood work?
Its all free with healthcare reform!
got Arduinos if you need em
nice meeting you via John 3:15 Blog Hop.
Keep up the good work!
Rex who do we like in the race tomorrow?
Daddy needs a new pair of shoes so let me know who to bet on.
thank you other bro :.
Ire son, don't worry ; love you!
How??
Who is playing for free?
JeremyLin has been discussed in EVERY panel discussion I've attended so far yet only 45 of attendees think he's a brand.
Disconnect?
It almost feels like a rhetorical question at this point.
not even trying to look cute today !
vs is going to b a classic.
Two vets goin at it.
I think they will keep the big 3 win or lose I just think they will be aggressive to try and getting big time players
Happy Birthday Ray!
At this point I am convinced you are simply not human.
I'm addicted.
FEDERAL IS U.S.
district courts, US courts of appeal, U.S.
Supreme Court
President Obama says samesex couples should be able to get married during interview
thanks sweetie!
Miss you too
Heading 2 the state fair at 7 to go show off our piece.
Will b there till the 26th.
So go check out our piece and vote for it so we get loot
You Neva Sleepy
Haha, no he hadn't paid for them!
omg chris followed me!
Macho Man  KG
Usually either July 1  June 30 or Aug 1  July 31.
that would be great!
What has four legs but can't walk?
A paralyzed dog.
zing!
too many tweets within a certain time period apparently lol
Thank christ I only give advice to YP about saying no with sex, b/c I am beyond unqualified to teach them how to say it to anything else.
Ami Saraiya.
Tonight.
9pm.
Hungry Brain.
Good Morning!
It's so good to be home, still playing catchup, but there's hope that the light will show at the end of the tunnel!
:
Lauren Berger to release All Work, No Pay w Random House Jan 3.
NACEBite college tour coming this fall!
My wit is quick.
I miss my blue eyed blonde
Purple Pig wins.
But can we plan a pork/pie/milkshake party soon for no good reason but to have pie?
Tom Barrett just made his way down State Street, stopping to shake hands in various cafes and coffee shops.
THANKS YOU SO MUCH FOR RETWEETING
Anderson U Mobile eli2012 tier incentives: mobile device, hardware/software stipend, course buyout of stipend equivalent
So now J refocuses class activity every few minutes.
Love the follow and thank you for helping me find a new friend.
hugs
Haha you've definitely blossomed since then, and she was a tomato!!
How scary for SF Giants to be 03  sending Zito to the hill?
Hope he keeps it up; hasn't hidden from criticism
Avoid fruits and nuts.
You are what you eat.
Jim Davis
Commencement is today!
If you haven't already, be sure to come down to campus to see all the work before it comes down tomorrow!
MY DEMI TICKETS COME THIS WEEK.
Did an amazing job and looked very sexy as usuall!
Today, ReGrand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S.
Sheridan, Denver.
We'll be here until 1pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
I'll be your girlfriend if you'll be my boyfriend in 3hours : deal??;
agreed.
But at least they advertise correctly
sorry I missed it....sounds like a great topic.
Omg !
She bet not say wat I.think.she is
: Just had a great time interviewing Take a listen to his lovely song HONEST LOVE thanks Juno!
Just set up twitter on my phone...it's this newfangled thing you can do.
I'm so hip!
and the question to ask is how can we afford new rec centers?
aren't we financially strapped?
Hey ppl all I can say is a good nights rest can do wonders for you especially when it's Friday!!!!!!
It can never be bought or borrowed or sold A gift to be cherished, True friendship is a treasure beyond compare.
anyone else tweeting lillywebsites ?
ya likewise.
This just means more gin  tonics saved up for next weekend instead.
Can not wait to move out of my house...
you as well my friend!
Tonight is the worlds largest firmans parade in the world.
As part of the Apple Blossom festival.
OVER THE LIMIT12
Have fond memories of listening to DFD/GM on vinyl on a scratchy turntable in lieder class.
Damn straight!
RT Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
Marilyn Monroe
thank you!!
: Sexxy...
Next Thursday I wanna go to Kit Kat Lounge...
U should come!!
yes I'm totz down :D
I'm dirty
how was your flight ?
:
RT : RT : Steve okc exemplifies the opportunity natural gas is bringing to communities n country
AHH, Piky's going into labor!
She just gave birth to one puppy who looks just like her.
It's SO tiny.
PUPPIES!!!
:
THANKS DUDE U ARE AWESOME!
Cnt wait to get tf outa of dis house a d wack ass state on some real shit
sugar coma!
Tie dye for the Class of 2016?
EarlyStart!!!
YESS U ARE!!
yak overflow?
really?!
I think I'm gonna order one!
is spent!
Oprah then BED :D
ten tell her wen u get home u have a new fone
OMG you are going to love the Merlin series.
Also Betancourt did a pre amber series, the story of Oberon.
K 15 mins till showtime.
Join me live for another saucy episode of Single Chef.
Chicken w/orange tarragon sauce: www.theroomlive.com
Well, i guess we have to doctornk all the beers in the fridge
January we play the Hypnotic Lounge and you better be right up front!
Touchdown Giants!
The work day is flying by.
Getting closer to my 3 day weekend!
hey luv..Today is my birthday, by Faver congratulate me?
luv u 2
I have to resist today.
I've had cuppity twice in the past 2 weeks and they are seriously the most delicious in KC!
Watching mean girls in choir.3
ineed a new ringtone :D Any Suggestions ?:
Just let Billy's guns speak for all of us.
Who's that cute girl?
Can you get me her number?
Haha
professorundly sadden at learning about the passing of Yauch.
RIP MCA.
both are important views can help you get sales.
But if you have know sales how do you make money in music?
Shows?
Writer?
Do you have any recs for great greek food here in SD?
We're back from a long weekend in Napa and Sonoma with lots of new wine on its way.
Did you discover any new favorites recently?
he looks like Andy Warhol/David Bowie to me.
Alex, you are such an amazing friend to Austin!
I hope you two get to see each other a bunch!
Thanks for the Brown Dog Day wishes.
I hope your Brown Dog Day Dance was a great joy
I seriously think and I might just be doing a dance dare while on this trip..
Im one in a million and a love like mines is hard to find.
HAHAHAH HEY!
lol im on this account
yes yes yes yes yes yesyesyesyes sognegnksrlkhrh es,r
do you want to meet me at wardoctorbe at 11?
then we can meet Melanie from there.
We killed!
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Barack Obama didn't care about same sex marriage for his first three and a half years...
all of a sudden a change of heart?
Pathetic.
Your not trust me!
It takes a lot for me to get annoyed :
Well then I'm have the not being able to go tomorrow  I HAVE to go tomorrow!
I'm broke again.
lmao
Now Obama wants to strike Iran...really..oh its election time
WANT TO TURN YOUR COINS INTO CASH????
We can do that for you at our Coinstar Kiosk.
Uggh!
Illness over but the energy doctorin remains.
Any tips for regaining energy QUICKLY!
State meet in 2 1/2 weeks!
Do u think this prompting to evolve HELPS his campaign or that the topic will fair better under President Romney?!
Come on!!
Happy doctornko de mayo!
Dzeko, in a heartbeat.
Instantly.
Even for like 20m and current wages.
Matri?
Only for cheap.
every one was like disliking your how to get kicked out of Walmart vid ur coke and mentos vid and I was like wtf ppl?
damn right i'll follow someone named
I can't say that I have.
What does it do?
Me and fight like sisters!!
If goodell was a bad commish, we very well might not be watching this doctorft
are they sunglasses or for reading?
sigh.I don't have the time/energy/letter space to condense constitutional law n2 a format that u will understand
omg yea.
Haha thts so weird
Like newsflash employers can see that shit so your just dumb for always talkin about
everyone follow guaranteed 100 followers a day
In many European countries, tradition dictates that any man who refuses a woman's proposal on Feb 29 has to buy her 12 pairs of gloves
It's friday, its friday, yeah I know ;
RT : Graduating MFA student Nathan installing his work for the MFA exhibition opening this Sat...
I think i should have went with hosting miss universe ;  These woman are beautiful
: If I ever meet Nathan, I'll Pick him up, Then runaway screaming YOLO hahaha
is that Kobe Steak?
Being thin is no fun you fit into everything.
I like to struggle in  out my clothes.
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
it was great to see so many faces at bcs2012 I haven't seen in so long
RT I think we should try to get OptionsOpen trending on here for !!
That would be amazing!
3.
I second this!
Shopping and following Twitter.
Every other tweet in my timeline is from people telling where they rep.
Should I go to school today??
Thanks to all our members who stopped by Thursday night.
We're officially open now!
Hours are 4pm2am SunThurs / 4pm230am FriSat
I want my life to be exactly like
I have seen death I have stared it in the eyes; trust me life's just begun.
Be strong and live on.
: Um fuck your mother.Uh really?
???
Hailey!
!!!
Ur language.
doctorp a check in the mail.
Ill email u ur invoice :
Sometimes youve just gotta leave work early to have a doctornk.
Today is one of those times.
2for1s til 7:00!
have to big bro.
Come visit real soon
Happy to RT : Anytime anyone mentions stopchildabusetoday will donate 1 to
I'm glad you all liked it...let me know of future things!
it wouldn't be the same without you !
i won a blackhistory trivia event last night!
however black historyamerican history.
it is 365 days a year, not 28 days in 1 month.
When I Saw Essence TL In Class , I Was Like  You Follow Him Too , He Cute As Shiiiiiit  .
's BornVillain is a kick in the cunt of his detractors  critics, a fondling of your GF's tits,  a thematic soundtrack.
Hm What's going on with my baby
Will do.
I just sent an email to you  Lori.
The 1st attempt failed.
Juzz hangin out with the homey gnome!!
why do u judge colored skinny jeans
What, were they all outta Listerine?
The Fluke/War on Women thing is the biggest political miscalculation since McCain suspended his '08 campaign to help bankers.
You post one thing about lingerie and get 5 new followers.
WENT TO BED EARLY AND I WAS HAPPILY ASLEEP BUT NO
The chant that Jaz made for our 12 group
same here!
Headed to sxsw on Wednesday, though.
This burger 
where does one find not terrible looking shoes with good support for a price that will allow me to keep my limbs?
That would have been bogus AF doe
I'm blushing!
Thanks for the compliments.
Sweet home chicago
If you're not dead...
than you're ok Eric XDD
Ok, no problem!
I like to help!
Thank you for your mobile accessibility preso at AccessUSummit.
Lots of great info!
new bookbinding supplies are on their way, but i'm getting antsy...
must.
make.
something.
by.
HAND.
TheMinutesOfMadnessUndergroundArtistShowcaseMixtape Coming Soon, Stay Tuned...
S/O
couldn't agree more.
workshop today.
Will talk with artisans about promoting themselves for the March 31April 1 Marketplace.
defiantly!
Looking forward to it
NFL Games are on our 28 TV's!
Weather is beautiful!
Road Trip!
you're welcome for the vote and thanks for a great product.
Let go of all that is out of your control and just flow.
LilLightHouse Thanks for the follow.
Next time you're surfing, stop by our place.
Campfire toast to y'all!
someone should have recorded that
Why does my computer choke whenever I try to send an Excel workbook?
Aww thank you!
What I meant to say is that the blogs I vote for always loses, but it doesn't matter..since I personally found new blogs to read.
DON'T THINK LIKE THAT!!
Stay positive!
There's a lot more rejection then anything in this business so you have to stay strong 
Ridiculous billboard!
When teachers are treated with respect, it's good for schoolchildoctorn.
ensures that happens.
livetweets from church: remain in me and i will remain in you.
You cannot be serious.
One of the main reasons the Post Office is so jackedup are the passports.
It slows the line to a crawl.
I just DM you the info for the Friday Special!
I want to work for Major League Baseball
haha sorry guys!!
Just text me on my iPod.
Seems like the past always comes back the second you've found your future
yeah i think i'd be whining too if i had a quarter billion coming from adidas...wait, what?
People irritate me
Watch out Obama here comes Newt....and if you base it on political record alone....Newt blows Obama out of the water.
honestly, I don't even know what a friday or a 420 means
Landing the perfect roleplaying group is statistically similar to finding a gold bar lodged in the carcass of a 200 year old shark.
Just need to snuggle with mom and dad tonight...
:'
it's official: kelsey's birthday is over.
we have sleeping child; repeat: we have sleeping child...
Agriculture loves easy to exploit illegals.
We find out how bad it is, when they try to hire Americans to do the same work for slave wages
GET TAN TODAY!!
Specials Buy 5 Instant Tans for 65!
Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE!
Buy 5 Skinny Waters and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!
Haha, great to have you.
Share it with some friends so we can expand the community and have more foodies to eat with!
Need to reserve a room for my daughters' birthdays in early March.
Need to discuss details with you or someone bro.
Thanks for the follow!
This IS my personal account, where I sometimes say things I wouldn't say on :
hey, did I say you could play me?
RT Don't Check 4 Me..
Unless U Got A Check 4 Me.
Hate staying hone ALONE
Giving away bags of lettuce at the shop today!
Come grab one.
There's only so many vegetables a gal can eat.
You can do it till June.
Morning all!
I'll be live tweeting from the for linkAges  redefining successful aging through disruptive innovation
: Used too much Aquifer this mornin on my arm.
lookin like a KY wrestler.
This shit gets everywhere thats my boss haha :
you too dear Janice, hope you have a fabulous Friday thanks for thinking of me.
It's not Sunday yet, duh!
;
w00t!
Congrats to our friends over for being feautred in list of mothersday gifts for good!...
hahaha the yell before yu go down
Sorry about that folks, API responses are back to normal!
Hey, , did you have a location in mind for the tweetup?
Seemed June 10 was working for people, and that's only a month away!
as you should
Today, outside my window, I heard a baby in a stroller accidentally say the word, haiku.
I HATE babies.
Don't try to play me for a fool.
thanks for the follow I re tweeted one of yours
Kimmi is singing Don't Stop Believin.
Hoosier karaoke complete.
Until the next song.
I used to say, that damn Skip Bayless is cynical but usually right.
Got to see another side on
neither would i trade her for anything .
Nothing can ever be better then her.
She has my everything.
Heart.
My life and soul
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying
Happy to have you, Cheers!
RT Didn't think about being on Twitter.
Following them now.
followme while I try and change my body to a slimer one :
I hope by going Ari on him he means he will eat so much sushi he gets mercury poison and almost dies
I gotta RESTify come up in the spot looking extra stateless.
Heading down now!
: DO THIS NOW: Type find chuck norris into Google and hit I'm feeling lucky.
This is funny
no shes not
Lauren Terrill and I
Perhaps George Zimmerman received plastic surgery in the back of the cruiser to correct his broken nose?
Should hit out west tonight butynthia,iffany,andntionette don't be acting right about this time!!
I feel you in my bones.
You're knocking at my windows.
I want this settled.
Ball is in the other court now.
god damn i'm jealous
Planning a weekend in Louisville.
Any restaurant recommendations?
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner advice needed!
omg.
You never fail to tweet random things3
Hey!
Morning Show returns TONIGHT  11 w/ Taylor Negron, Stone  Stone, Function for Fiction  guest cohost Phil Wells!
Don't not be there!
After last night's SOA I'm putting money on Michael Chikliss showing up next season.
Takers?
you're an OLD, UGLY, FAT, BITTER BITCH...good luck!!....not.
can't wait to meet you on the 28th!
Time for CMLbookchat!
Tonight we are talking about books from your academic past.
It's back to school month, so why not?
Just how does a grown man in a superhero tights get fingers sticky enough to climb walls?
Nananananana Onanman!
Loving how fast my new MacBook Pro blows through transcoding.
Very convenient for jobs where I have to operate out of a car.
Knowing the semester is ending only makes me think of how homesick I may be this summer when I'm abandoned by my friends in Bg.
flyers female fans have massive beer guts

yep, on my way too.
Where are you, superstar?
Are you in New York?
:
There are about a million ants per person.
Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
Blog For the People Not the Money.
The yellow fever
there's good for those who love God; it might take a little time, but you'll see the bigger picture...press on and fight the good fight
Getting ready for work.
RT your best cashback reward from this week!
Plainfield did good but we couldnt come out with the win against New Pal, county next week
yes he trying to take me out to the beach!
he bout to doctorve from ft lee to williamsburg to va beach!
wahhh
Yeah, never tried it, was playing way too much Quake at that time.
I'm watching Never Say Never man I haven't seen it in soo long ;, .......OMB.
I just AH!!!
: I don't wanna see where the world will be if women start thinking like men..
God made us different for a reason.
I know you're right and we needed Marcum to get Greinke, but ughh.
Next year is going to suck.
why did that one girl like my status on Facebook.
she just needs to get out
going to the pool with my momma 333
It's definitely not a science but you can the scientific method for some of it and you can use observation for more
NeverHaveIEver owed so much to a band for saving my life, as well as blessing it.
Like it up Crimson Management
what are you talking about?
lol I know.
It made my night ha.
just sent out two external emails in which I misspelled Pennsylvania.
Morning.
Man, just been sleeping like a bear lately so trying to get up to speed quickly.
7:45 dentist appointment tomorrow AM is not cool.
Fake Foreverfly that's that shit I don't like!!
it's the context that makes it work
RT News confirms veteran television and radio personality Dick Clark has died at 82  aww, so sad.
black crown is not one individual george , we are a team and we support you:
lol girl u crazy...u paranoid...u got ppl watching u or something?
Lol nah dats cool u better get one!!!:
Had a HS lit teacher grind that into me.
So painfully true.
i really felt bad when sponge bob ripped his pants lol that song was moving
where u at?
life form footprint
I swear I'm looking at Buddy Garrity here at the NYLA11 trade show.
The resemblance is uncanny, down to the gold chain.
I know.
I just had to venttypo and all.
Keys to a Steeler win against the Patriots dlvr.it/sP7nk
it was only 10 min.
but it made my day Austrem 3 thank you
you dance horribly, but i like it becuz its funny...
there is no hating...
its like falling in love with an ugly person
I can't do that sober.
But I'm also not saying I'm sober.
FridayReads is still NBCC winner Binocular Vision by Edith Pearlman.
I am SO slow tho it is SO good.
5 New Yorkers to catch up on too.
look at you doe growing up so fast :
What are you planning to do for EarthDay?
Glad I got to see friends from FAMU today...
Made my day
Going to sleep now.
Hope you all have a great night.
Please do show your moms you love them!
3
i write for like 650 words before i start the actual paper.
oh boy my professorssor's not going to be happy.
but it is a STELLAR PAPER
Just saw previews forSnowWhiteandtheHuntsman..looks dark and dangerous.
Feels more like a winter flick but can't wait to see it this summer
At American Apparel today, it looks like 1990 threw up.
A friend of mine went to the premiere last night, so I learned of it from his Facebook.
So cool!
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
Can you guys fucking watch your language?
Mark Tenenbaum.
I can't believe you are in Palatine!
Nothing cool ever happens here...
except for you coming, of course!
Females are programmed to look for older men w/ resources, while males are still programmed to look for younger women w/ adoring gazes.
Uh i guess ill work on this paper now..
merr
lmao!!
You mean you don't like it?
Shocking :
Thanks for the recs and
i get home from the gym all sweaty and gross, and john bernthal from thewalkingdead is sitting in my living room.
WTF
verizon, straight cash homie.
like moss.
they had to fed ex heem for me cuz its too exclusive
but we ain't though lol..unless u married with a azz of kids
SomebodyLetMeKnowWhen it's dark outside, it's been midnight inside my souls for centuries.
KY playing half ass and still up twelve.
Holding scoring Juggernaut Florida to 26 pts.
Time to get on the wagon.
this poetry project 
Once upon a time their was an awkward night, well that turned into an Awkward Breakfast.
Check out they have great music.
lol she's a fool!
please DM him or tweet him that he have to follow me because i'm his biggest fan!
Please!
I haven't seen that one!
I'll have to check it out!
I think that's an excellent idea, Colin.
Where's Diddy when you need him?!
Lol RT : Adam Scott looks like he's about to hit up an allwhite party
I take that back, he beat the tag.
thanks for new follows!
Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from gettin to u...
Unless itz an actual mountain, den fuck dat shit....
TALK THAT TALK....MONEY TALK
I need a quarter I ain't messing with no dime piece ,
still anxiously awaiting your return to SanDiego minus the sore throat!
Lol!
PEACE!
New pic you like
I swear by it One Direction will go gay for eachother:
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Donald Trump
I don't have any poles to set up my tent!
These bitches Smh..ready start messing with white girls..
M Baba Yega grilled salmon.
Oh how I've missed you.
Not a resident of Ulster, however I am working on a new Net Zero House in New Paltz!
Story on the design process w/ client?
OTRC Michelle Tuzzi you look gorgeous!
as am i!!
So many people can't wear wool, even the softest kind.
You're my inspiration!
:
Defense stepped up when it mattered the most...still a work in progress....80 and still haven't played their best ball..that's scary
Game: Blouses.
Date night with wifey.
Last one before the baby is here.
Last one for about 18 YEARS!!!!
Blessed.
New horizons, and some of the best ones are present daily.
Gratitude.
I love you so much sweetie, Happy Birthday sweetie, have a great day.
The movie Cruel Intentions is crazy messed up haha
Airball free throw by Nene.
Tiago does it all the time.
My mom asked if the basket is closer to the FT line in Brazil.
haha
doctor Larry Rosen.
Average teenager sends/receives 3417 3952 texts a month.
And apron 200 calls.
lmao I knw I was just thinking about it all random!
Do remember?
he was totally into it.
doctornking a corona.
Living the lifestyle.
Good Bye St.
Louis!!!
Kings sweep and eliminate the Blues.
31 final from LA
improve your life with a dose of vintagestyled Asiapop brilliance bit.ly/zLHqnS // Thanks for your kind words
It's almost the weekend!
Time to hit up some friends on :
Oh you gotta be f; kidding me.
I'm in pain.
TRUTH!
Lovely!
re: : If tonight's moon moves nothing within you, you could be a robot.
New single Desolate up now!!!
moody plodding darkness;
Just saw all my plans for the fall go POOF into thin air.// Oh no!
Is there a Plan B?
happy birthday sir.
Have a good one
whaddya all throw at soccer games out there, anyway?
Waiting on the second run for ladies GS at the J2 Nationals at Sugarloaf!
Lions won!!!!
time to rollup :
LOVE the 6word memoir  what great exercise idea for your kiddos.
RT Bringing the 6wordmemoir format to Reach this week.
lol.
The only thing I always do in class is talk to much.
Thrilled to be following one of my favorite people in the world!!!!
The moon is beautiful.
Love my morning walks with my dog, Bodhi, especially on a day like today.
Never knew mornings could be so good...
till Bodhi!
Not my decision.
Good Morning  Everybody Have A Blessed Day ...
Watta Bout Them Mavs YeEzZeRr ......
The lil 3  Did they CHOKE ....
YES SIR !!!
: Aries live passionately Indeed
Case of the Mondays
Old people think they can say anything lol.
that would come in handy on those cold winter mornings
I'm headed to Goggleworks after MidDay Cafe to buy a glass thing for Pippa's gig tomorrow.
Artsy shopping in Reading, PA.
Just came from hooping
i know this twittering is alot of work need more followers lets go
dude!
Respond to my DM :p
no.
That's just BAD basketball.
understands me.
: For the love of winewednesday 
Guess that's a good example of be careful what you wish for :
RT : your fart sounded like a moo :P
All day smoke sum weed
On my way to see Wit.
Tissues ready to go.
I hate when my bosses see me cry.
Smh thats shady can't trust nobody
Jeter is on fire.
You still haven't followed me.
:/
Gonna make my boo feel real special later ;
As leaders we should not be snooping for bad teacher behavior but we need courage to addoctorss it when it surfaces.
sorry for the late response...
But yes!
Real Madoctord
Why he has to be so childish ..it makes me not like him
You inspired my existing.
Revenge u r everything right now
Your account has been compromised.
Reset your password and check the list of verified services on Twitter.
Up at the crack of yawn.
Whats your favorite obstacle?
Ingesanity?
That's awesome.
And now my twitter feed is going to be full of more basketball
definitely!
The music label work sounds like a lot of fun!
home from india and officially back to work today!
I'm a pro indexer, encountering Cambridge's XML coding for the first time.
Want to compare notes re process.
Anyone?
Kids under three are FREE!!
Call today to set up your child's first appointment: 6088365700
Great meeting you at DH2012 Good luck with your book  The Good, the Bad  the Godawful!
I really don't want to say it, but finally some clean racing!
P1 Power P2 HunterReay P3 Barrichello P4 Viso
Thank you Janice for your insight.
It was an incredible experience.
She is so precious!
Congratulations to the whole family.
Girl: I'm a Mahomie!
Me: Me too.
I love A Meezy..
Girl: Who's A Meezy?
Me:Do you wanna get slapped?
Or..
LEAVE!
Big Baby Glen Davis is trending!
I hate this /3
Sun should be out a little later, it's a Saturday, and we have wine; sounds like some darn good reasons to visit Grove today.
God hates you, Columbus.
Why do gerillas have big nostralls?
Coz they got big fingers!!!!!!!!!
N0  the IRS is in charge of my destiny, financial and otherwise!
That and the fact that Durham is already a startup hub.
:
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights
How are about the best furniture assembly services in Washington DC Area ?
We assembly retails store furniture at your home or office
Welcome to the twitterverse, !
That big fuck you moment when someone has time to txt someone else but not you?
Yea.
Big fuck off.
D.A.
Such a great time!
Don't forget to take your picture upstairs at our photobooth!!
Every.
Track.
Pounds.
Time to back it up visually.
no ew I didn't eat it.
thank for the reminder the auditions are the best part :
Metro Station 
4 hours til I teach my English class about memory management, mister, GC, and ARC, and all in 7 minutes or less.
When does the XFactor start?
I want to see :
Do QR codes come in handy on flyers and posters?
Are you EASY to talk to about hard things?
Controlled.
Emotions.
BOOM!
I've heard there's an actual list of psycho fans.
My cousin's coworker has a retraining order from Joe's sister  some family!
depends how good the software developers are :P
it's 50 degrees today at Notre Dame!
Yes, I'm adding discs to my summer play wish list: Where there is a will there's a way!
Fuqiang Zhao of UC Davis is speaking on social network analysis.
First takeaway: social NETWORK analysis is about relationships between ppl
NP REM Man on the Moon I love Andy Kaufman he was a funny man
He's going to have a great, long career.
On stand, Page says he doesn't agree that Andoctorid is a critical asset  a feeling shared by many people with Andoctorid devices.
Cosentino: Quantify how things relate to one another.
Use percentages.
If watching is all you are going to do then you are going to watch your life go by you
Sigh.
And we totally missed each other at SXSW!
I still can't believe he went all the way here to my house just to doctorp off my cookie dough.
He's the sweetest.
Oh gawwd.
Another attempt at Kobe to be like Mike...
rollseyes edub RT : Flu game?
TheSportsBros
It's a wonderful beginning of the weekend!
It's raining!
What a refreshing morning!
We needed rain so much!
Have a Super weekend!
:
RIP Davy Jones!
How are we preparing students for beyond graduation?
For change?
Wow, stay safe Troy.
Going to 76th and rawson late tonight!
that ride is soo scary!
Hey Im wondering if Katie Smith, N' Deanna Nolan, which use 2 play 4 the Detroit Shock,, r they both still N' the WNBA??
Get the wedges!
And no, I didn't know about the sunglasses.
They're SO cute!
im coming over at six
I must be next
Even though vince young can hardly even spell let alone perform at an nfl level he's still getting 2 mil this year.
What am I doing wrong?
you're not afraid to love you're just afraid of not being loved
Q6 heh, for the uninformed, LC announced March 13, 2013 as their implementation date for RDA.
No more AACR2 records from them.
conducting Reiki session for spa associates
If I wasn't already taking four days off to visit Seattle tomorrow, I would have.
Flathead Hunting Tonight.....wish us luck!
No sign of that Seems 2 me no editor wants 2 upset powerful WalMex board.
Im appalled
Scoring conf golf tourn while lots of senior citizens at this luxurious golf club doctornk beer, margaritas, etc.
if you need a hot singer on a track hit me up telle
Trying to help.
Always a Wednesday fan, there is no Forest.
CHI x 2
LISTEN UP PENNY STOCK TRADERS....LUSI.OB is about to blow.
Get in before it's too late.
Mark this tweet!!
Tuck Rule the rule that allows teams that should have lost to win.
Thats a fumble in every way except in the NFL Rule book.
only if he asks
AnnMarie is coming sunday for a home visit and then comes the pup!!!
hey, Lance.
Thanks 4 following and hello from California.
I've seen three references to Bon Iver's Holocene in the last 2 hours.
Good to see great art surface within the long tail of music.
Thanks, dudes!
You will be just fine!
Not all delegates are happy to have created a navy.
Maryland delegate Samuel Chase exclaimed it to be the maddest idea in the world.
I a loser vV
Last election Obama was against gay marriage.
Now when threatened to have campaign funds pulled, all of a sudden he supports it?
Foh
make it up to them with a follow!
Let's GO Dodgers!
:D
Happy Holidays everybody!
Hope it's a comfy, cozy time with loved ones.
Refresh and renew.
See you next week!
Headed to get fitted for my tuxedo shortly.
Hoping the styles I found in the online catalogue are available through the store.
L.A.
is up 10.
So, lets see how this shakes out.
: Hey.
Getting back to it after month of bronchitis.
Thinking about Air Force 1/2 in Dayton in Sept.
Be there w
people need to stop!
calling someone ugly isnt nice, no matter how much you dislike the person.
Okay, sure.
Private message me would you?!!!
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU, MISS YA 3
Our Wednesday Wine Tasting is moving to tonight for this week only.
We will have Ed from Edward Sellers here showcasing 6 magnificent wines
Kerzweil's prediction, if you can live another 2 decades, you may live forever.
SXSW RT
I hate that scum that hurt Jessie's feelings!
Sure Ok.
W.e you say ;D
imma just get on twitter from now on ..
people on facebook piss me off
A smile for love a smile for happiness a smile for life A smile for a smile
way to nice to be in side Coffee and doing designs in the park all day!
yes!
the new one should work.
don't know how that happened.
you know they were changing any 19 jersey to Hodgson for free at the Pittsburg game
Good nigh twitter peeps.
You mean Mike Smith, why did I back that fool?
RT : Atlanta sucks.
the better question is, will you Battle thru it Luke?
CHECK US OUT.
WE LOVE WHAT YOU ARE DOING FOR THE KINGDOM OF GOD
Yet again they blogged kind, sympathetic, ready, and appreciative
Thanks to and and all others for making masks with us and !
Take a nature/art break and go to the BMA's sculture garden.
The flowers are opening, and the trees are leafing out  truly beautiful.
I got my phone back!:
Since ancient Greece, the apple has been a symbol of love
lucky guy!!
It's 4:30 while everyone sleep no matter how i don't feel good I'm up try to better my future :
what's the deal bro
Obviously I'm watching the end of this game.
totally agree!
Gotcha, and completely agreed.
My mama always told me bread and water fill u up so pancakes and water it is Good Afternoon
Procastination at its finest .
thanks for the follow!
followed back.
Fertility treatment bans in Europe doctorw criticism
trying to come up with some good stunt ideas...
Thanks luv...
it was so awesome, next one i'm kidnapping you and and your hubby!!!
Is it true that his winter spent in Seaside was the inspiration for Anatomy of Melancholy?
I'm too sleepy today I have to be up for clinical at 5:15 too :
Anyone else having issues with Facebook crashing today?
Pandora's Stevie Wonder station is giving me life this morning and helping me plow this grading.
Okay, I figured out what the sign of having 1,234 followers is.
You're about to LOSE one.
Now it's 1,233.
Son of a bitch.
well it's not anymore ..
I don't know whocanhandlethis ..
I heard u was a freak ;p
thank you and it was nice meeting you too!
Bryant park is ridiculous right now
Peggy Noonan: ..speeches aren't magic.
A speech is only as good as the ideas it advances.
Reagan had good ideas.
Obama does not.
: haha I made a windmill in the dunk contest but not sure if that was the one oh ok bet!
That was a good shot tho
MINDS: Educators discuss that C used to represent Competence.
Now a Competent student finds it hard to get a job.
Little Do She Know, I Like Her ;
Putting your own  Verified in your twitter professorle is like doctorwing a Mercedes logo on your Kia.
Filming a old gasket company tomorrow.
Very cool stuff.
Ok, I'm a nerd.
Got our spacesuits on and ready for our website launch!
HUGE thanks to the incredible team at  let the countdown begin!
Next month, is part of a concert event at our library.
Very excited to have them come over!
There were a few negative reviews from critics who couldn't connect with the film.
AO Scott from the NY Times gave it a review.
Chant my name yoooo'
i'm probably going to cry a river in that theater.and doctorwn everyone.lol
Ha me and are possibly Kenyans now??
Students w/out disabilities can gain from technology for disabled.
I cried when Mufasa was being trampled in The Lion King
More of Him, less of me.
MiddleSchoolMemories Making out at the movie theater during finding nemo!
Where does my help come from?
My help comes from the Lord.
Hello, I'm always busy
New Band Twitter Account ;
Only in America, I love it.
Rusherspartyingworldwide So proud of well deserved for all there talent and hard work love ya guys?congrats?
sounds great!
getting blown away in Palm Springs...Lot of wind
black people don't play hockey.....therefore not sexy
Goodnight tweeters
From what I read he was going to counter sue and include the lawyer who took the case too.
Appearance was great  Matt looked like a pipsqueak next to you  believe you me!
This week went by super fast.
Don'cha think?
Maybe the days will slow down by the time Saturday rolls around.
I hope.
This is probably going to consume the remaining time in Michigan I have left tomorrow.
Love to invite you to review our MLK Tribute concert on Jan 22 Can you message your email so we can send more info?
and you know it
How come everytime I try to go on a died mom decides to buy nice food when she goes shopping?
Might as well workout.
Why not?
I mean, you do beat me and everything, so I think it's plenty...
According to comScore, the U.S.
is home to 79M Millennials with an estimated combined purchasing power of more than 170B per year.
The fir
Thank you to Haytham Allos of for your donation to Sun's run is dedicated to U!
no doubt my dude ...
Ima get yall on a track 2gether tho.I knw its gonna mesh great I hear it in yalls voices
Thanks for interesting rough cut preview of documentary on homelessness in Austin
ATT u need to stop funding ALEC or we will start doctorpping u!
Valverde won't be available until next Monday now.
30 pitches is just too many for him.
I wish feelings didn't exist.
Get feeling this guy not impressed with World Cup host CUTTER!!
US beaten by country smaller than Phoenix  its an antiCapitalist vote!
doctorke  I Get Lonely Too
fixed it!
Lol I forgot about that me sorry :
If I'm not mistaken, there are 19 school days left, not including today.
Top of the morning to ya Seattle.
Did you know we only serve the finest ingredients in our paninis: coppa ham, prosciutto, Italian provolone
man that food gone a digesting lmao how r u
I'm hoping for a corporate sponsorship.
Maybe some decals for the car?!
Was nice to see my boys, today.
And nice to meet
I have something like 4000 nerds in my bloodstream right now.
Thank you DiSC!!!!
that girl with the 2 teeth  hair in a pony tail reminds me of.....
Happy May...!
Yea..
Kids are out of school for summer break.
I forgot how much fun it is to work from home durring the summer.

it's a GREAT one!
RT New Chief Content Officer Magazine out next week!
Thx to ROCKIN staff
just woke up morning twin!
Yea it has been a long time, too long.
Im doing good tho.
How have u been?
From ur tweets sounds like u have had better days.
Why did I have a doctoram about being kidnapped by ?
It was cool tho, we had fun while she held me for ransom.
sideeye
hm,,, i kinda dont even know whats going on o.O
yes sir.
Well more like heading out of it now
you NEED to listen to the song The Don by Nas You'll love it!
Pop up trivia time!
Which New Kid coined the phrase And this is where the magic happens!
on MTV's Cribs?
1st person w/correct ans wins!
time will show :
T Suggs is a scary human being.
Congrats you'll be going to TOMORROW night!
Our reps will send you a PM :
Well, I got followed by a couple of NOH8ers yesterday.
I don't know how to break it to them that I'm prohate.
Holly Heitzman, of St.
Vincent Sports Medicine, reminded us to Always stay competitive with yourself.
TWO art photography shows featuring Flockflockflock alternative material couture in February!
More info soon!
Yay!
CRAIG MACK: I got emcees melting in my mouth  not inside my hand
when I say so bitch;
you mean I haven't been entered to win one of 10,000 free iPads?
: Capricorn motto: Work hard or go home.
all will be said soon my friend
Next week, I'll be eating lobster corn dogs with ginger remoulade, beef cheek tacos with snap pea kim chee
Watching the shapeshifter throw a knife into the pool table and all I could think of is That is mohogany!
haha
I guess now i'm going to sleep trs sad bonne nuit engel
Let me whisk you away from your doubts and denial Oh I know that you've heard this before 3
Dui check point at 41st and main in front of the blood center...be safe people...
I have no more cucumber watermelon lotion or cherry blossom lotion
Have fun in Hawaii!
RT I didn't use the force to find ObiWan on the Death Star, I asked Siri, and she said Here, and the Force is with him.
I wish ppl would stay and hear God's message.
Hey, panthers are cuties, too!
It's just probably illegal to own one in Indiana, !
Watching porn in Derek's bedoctorom.
Great weekend w VFoundation dinner TheBrownstonethen fringe catchup and soccer w incredible win for SamiLindsay scored a goal!
Don't be boiled slowly
and there will come a time, you'll see.
with no more tears.
and love will not break your heart but dismiss your fears.
3
After one game Ponder looks like a real player.
Think how good he might be with real wide outs?
Harvin's a play maker but fragile
Wished cancer could get cancer and die it's self and stop taking the good people in our lives.
You make me smile from my heart...
: 3
Suzanne put so much fun into it that it makes me want to do the workout!
Mark Christopher Lawrence
Ayyee So maybe I'm wack, Cause I'm not black.
But you can't talk smack.
Cause whitey just struck back.
Lmaaoo smh at this movie.
Busted.
Lose back to back races vs same person.
Had both sides of the flips
when will you be back in the Philly area?
Do you have any friends in the Philly that would like to take advant of this opp
Some of these angles on espn are fucking annoying.
I want to be able to see the pitch
I need to find a way to resist the temptation to eat everything in this city
is she the one from bruce almighty?
Bummer.
RIP RT : yikes
I'm off to Dewey Beach, Delaware!!
I'm so excited!!
It is seriously hot outside.
I hope you wear sunscreen!
is the 3rd rated DT on Parcells board.
I'll take his analysis over any of these expert mockers.
I'm thinking of quitting my day job.
This pitching thing isn't working out so well.
Do we have a list anywhere of all the writers we've ever had?
tonight were all jayhawk fans
U.S.
Bangladesh : full range of political, economic,  security matters....
both/and  some librarians should learn to program, some programmers should learn libraryspeak
I love how these Trojan commercials come on at night, lmao.
wahhhhhhhhhhhh i hate the first part
you got my vote!
We sure do!
A falafel patty with meaty chunks of portobello in it.
Just as hearty as any beef burger.
We're vegfriendly :
thanks for the follow!
No, I am surprised to say I haven't read the riftwar trilogy.
I'll have to find that!
I hear that!
That awkward moment when you have to stare at a text for five minutes in order to figure out how to reply.
9RoundMinute: 12 Burpees topped off with a 30Second Wall Sit.
You feel that?
OH.
YEAH.
cause she came out
Just crashed interview w/The Beer Man Show did shameless HomeBrewed webseries plug.
Strangely confident after 2 beers.
More like he LOVES you and wants to make sure you are taking care of yourself!
Hey everyone gonna be BLUNT....Need some friends help a sista out!
Holla at your girl here at The Global Elements!
3.5 hours seems like 12 hours when you're stuck doing recovery almost the whole time!
PLEASE wish me good luck for my exam tomorrow, I really need it!:3
I think should have a new slogan.
I put the fun in funambulism.
You can have that for free, Tim.
lol when do you wanna come?
On my way back home
Reading my Communication Arts.
Anyone know if they Tweet?
people are disgusting and so narrow minded!!!
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
hahaa really?!
I work at the one in Arlington and they're not hiring for seasonal, but idk maybe the other ones are
so great meeting you!
3 the pic!
If you end up with a masters in journalism or something communications related you will have professorapplication for twitter!
And we are glad to have you as a supporter!
you have great taste!
We will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.Acts 6:4
they are hell...lol
tell me about it.
I used to cry at their track meets because I was so impressed.
speedenvy!
Re: Kodak's demise A leopard cannot change its spots.
Rudyard Kipling.
: Facebook deletes your ID...Isn't this same as showing a hotel clerk your ID on checkin?
not to me.
Completely different
Time for the 'Creamy Crack'
I wanna have a MOVIE NIGHT tonight.I'm in the MOOD to watch 'FOUR FEATHERS' which is a beautiful movie!
At trivia night.
Guess who won?
That's right, Team Books  Science.
About to go see think like a man
Girls are so HOT!
Doug Boehm, the guy who mixed most of our EP produced the new Girls record Father, Son, Holy Ghost too!
Nice work bruvva!
Just bought a new CD of Tupac :
Aww, you don't mean that.
It's like my blankie  I take it everywhere with me.
I'm confused, I thought you were the press
I like to watch ducks dip their heads, take their morning baths.
Not because it's peaceful.
But because I'm a voyeur.
Yahoo's ten biggest mistakes: Not buying or licensing Google's technology in 1998 In 1998, Google's two young cofounders approached ...
25 million for Walker...What a waste.
Only indirect experience analyzing the CMS datasets.
Would love to dig in.
Studying for the next five hours!
april fools on easter
Comic View was that shiznic back in the day yo.
Good Morning ABQ!
Sending staff out to meet with customers onsite, consultations happening in the showroom it's a custom apparel Friday!
it's over.
Good win.
My grandfather, on his car GPS: How does this broad know where I am?
Ughh i hate the dentist, at least i brought my chapstick this time
I just wanna see my bestfriend.
:c
No problem, love :
She's not a saint and she's not what you think, she's an actress.
And she's better known for the things that she does on the mattress.
ditto but found some good costume jewelry !
so it goes straight to vyour phone?
TeamDueProcess your days are numbered.
U know he is morally guilty, even if the corrupt law saves him.
yeah buddy!
Haha to bad you have before..
It's like that old game made ya look!, but without words.
So Monster what do you think?
Will you be the official sponsor of our product office in NYC?
definitely give it a try!
there are a lot of great ideas out there on meal planning and you feel so organized  accomplished
One tweet shy of 4k...probably should finally tweet something interesting for a first.
Any suggestions?
looking for the best twitter ap to segment 'following' tweets AND also help manage multiple twit accts.
tweetdeck the best?
Brandy and Ray J's Mom Dad Sonja and Willie Norwood, Rayva Harrell, R Norwood Talent Agency Corp!
I was blessed 2 b signed 4 rep this wk :
Or at least on my way back.
Last night..
was just crazy with my girls :p
Mathews or Hightower...Mathews is playing in a good matchup but Hightower has far more upside...it's really a toss up IMO
Day 4, yet my day 2.
Its gonna be great!
Does anyone else get that weird line across the top of the screen with the new layout?
thanks for the love :
My problems today do not classify as problems.
Losing a family member is a problem and I have nothing to be complaining about.
Shame on me.
:, i dont go to skool but everythings GREAT, i been pretty HAPPY since February 20 :
have a great day buddy
Ethics makes me think deeply about everything but Kant is do far over my head.

My son is growing up, how do I know?
A few months ago he was terrified of a vacuum cleaner, now he fights it to protect me.
Lol
see ya guys, think I have food poisoning.
well you're welcome.
Glad I could be doing that for you buddy.
P.S.
You're a terrible texter
planning my workout/eating routine for after Wednesday as I'm stuffing my face with studying munchies
Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing.
Camille Pissarro
breakfast with norm macdonald
wow.wonderful news.
Will keep you and your family in my prayers though.
Peace.
i'm bored at the house watchin the game T E X A N S betta win
hey victor i loove you c:
lmao I know who u like
hahaha thanks!
I get that a lot!
No one believes we're mother/daughter.
They always think we're sisters.
Hahah
good question.
My page won't be.
I'm tired of it already
don't ever take food from strangers...
Unless its donuts then that's okay.
Right ?
Hi Felecia, thanks for hte following.
Have a great weekend my friend!
No worries, man.
I know you were trying to DM that to me.
Feel sorry for all those losers you faked out, tho.
Multi vehicle crash on Atticus at Verona Road.
Can't turn onto Atticus from inbound Verona Road.
Follow me here, too!
Tonight!
The Hat Guys at JW Hollstein's in Tinley Park!
Music starts at 9:30pm.
Need we say more?
what Ive been up 2...
WORKING!!!
I am managing the new Kiosk DCI Store downtown on the corner of 3rdMain.
Excellent!
Thanks!
it's not ugly
Boy you're amazing just the you are.
I love you

Algol60 should have an arrow to Scheme.
I kno, sucks for u
This fog is wack!!
soph year I did ...
I wonder if we would be allowed to
Wendy's now has fish on their menu one more place I cannot eat due to my oh so convenient allergy.
Thank You!
Same to you!
See you at a airport again soon.
RT : great seeing ya Cubby!
Looking good :
We can't wait!!
Do you use our website, LRS.org?
If so, we're curious to know how you use it?
What features do you like best?
Let us know!
ya'll have MUCH cuter twitter handles than me
Bout to chill with my moms
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood.
Dallas, Texas
Have a mouth as sharp as a dagger but a heart as soft as tofu.
If you beleive that, your brain is like chow mein doctorpped on the floor.
Cause he wasn't peeling very well
Is anyone else heading to Detroit for the ?
Night twitter 
You have discovered the business model for everything nonApple!
ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction Jordan sneakers.
Planning at full swing.We will need to know work  play days for u.
Massage and Chiropractic Booking System 4.1 Free Download ...
Today, 15 years ago, my best friend was born she's a huge fan and would die of happiness if she got a shout out xx
o im from NY brooklyn but do u look like lil twist or well u no wat i mean
Really?
Is that all it takes!
I LOVE the fire dancer pic!
Fantastic!
New client makes incredible jewelry!
Just met with her yesterday and was breathless.
I'll see if she let's us post anything ;
Went to eat some bad chinese food at the mall jk and bought some maggie moos with : 3
True.
That's why I consider myself liberaltarian.
I don't believe that the states should have any more control than the fed.
Monday May 14 DC free: Healthy Living for Physical  Spiritual Health / Benefits of Vegetarian Lifestyle 7PM MLKing Library 901 G St
What a lovely day for a walk around Seaport Village and Harbor Blvd.
in San Diego.
Both relaxing and invigorating!
All day marathon later
search uder my name...
tomorrow night.
You will see.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
Devra said she sent them !!
Mine was like 3 pages.
:
Google it
YOur loud sound like cleveland browns crowd.
Why does the cat feel he must the cat sit directly on top of me?
Doesn't he know it is a BAJILLION DEGREES out?
Up a little early today...
School just soaks up all of my time.
what did you order?
a lot of our NIN stuff is straight out of their old tour stock.
slimfits tend to shrink as well.
TONIGHT 4pm: Lecture at the Nat.
Learn about the Accidental Artist and the 130 lifesized sculptures in the open desert......
Well, I guess it's meant for those who consider themselves a part of the UI group.
Kind of nebulous, at least lately.
How do I find the Gingerbread update for the LG optimus black?
I checked the LG website and it's not available.
Nice of you to leave him in peace.
Probably the best chance he has to feel normal.
The key as always for Noesi will be the ability to change speeds  hit 9394 mph with his fastball..
that's good that you know that...
Do you like any other sports
I'm glad you're going well.
I'm good, just miss watching you play : What's new with you?
I love this weather!
We are a 4 wks.
ahead into this season of boating here at Lake of the Ozarks!
High 70's, trees in bloom, beautiful day!
Use work effectively: Sit on a stability ball to strengthen your core, and keep dumbbells or exercise tubing at your desk and do a few reps.
My mom is excited for the song wrote for Quite possibly more excited than I am.
It's frightening.
0o
Yes.
YES!
Fuck yeah!
:D
Thank you!
RT just made me cry...Such a powerful speech!
SO PROUD to be
I hope so too!
Can't wait to get it and try it out.
Been there.
I responded San Francisco is really small, isn't it?
Good luck
We are looking forward to it!!
Thanks hope you had fun on BigTimeRush!
WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray 2 a debate.
this campaign is far from over...
Theresa will I be seeing you tomorrow night?
DO IT!
RT Tonight's bouts are making me consider dusting off my quad skates ...
These hoes can't wash 4 shit...
What pimp gotta stain n his shirt??
Smph
Biz ideas for grad school apps.
So far Analog Chat Roullette is my no.
1 goldmine.
check out red seven, there's some kind of show there tonight...
I absolutely love your Avi !
Melanies last notes on a new day brought goosebumps.
Cator: Holy Grail of assessent is that we build systems of continuous assessment stream instead of eventtesting
I'm about to ruin your life.
Idc Anymore.
Tonight Espaa cheap doctornk specials all night long plus a costume contest.
See y'all.
Tonight!
A man should honor his responsibilities to his child.
Period.
Well done:
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Ky.
death toll from tornadoes rises to 17; more than 30 dead nationwide
Sparkling wine, particularly a fruity Pinot Noir blend, sounds divine.
Perhaps a Mumm Napa Blanc de Noirs Sparkling Wine for this evening?
Shawn Parr of Go Country 105 FM to host Hope For Firefighters www.hopeforfirefighters.org
I'm Kinda Scared Cuz I Checked His Horoscope And It Said Tht He'll Be Going Through Change :
where did you read this at??
parks and rec not believable anymore, cool actors though
Marshall is like...
Um..
No.
A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.
Miguel de Unamuno
Or else all of us just not agreeing on what's good.
haha.
well i guess you right .
But she shoulda keep ha mouth closed tho .
You needa come to East yo 8th grade year ..
He is right you know.
RT : PARTY TIP: Used at the right time, a fistful of confetti can blow minds.
Gas prices are up another 20 cents.
That's 70 cents in 2 weeks.
Who's to blame?
isn't that what the skyscraper video is about?
or did i totally miss the point?
that this is a do or die chance, you need to perfect your skill to impress the auditioning panel
Today i my lil brothers birhday!
Thx for sharing that linkI love the pineapples don't have sleeves line :
Thanks so much
Petey Wheatstraw the Devil's SoninLaw
If you are a Wrigleyville bar and want an update on the rain delay for your customers, feel free to call me on the hotline
I concur 
just ate a delicious vegetarian sausage with maple glazed onions.
yum!
.As they say, everything happens for a reason.
If it was meant to be it will happen.
It may take awhile, but it will happen.
Give it time.
Win pair of tix to Craft Beer Fest just RT this message Winner chosen June 9 WinFirkin RT
Guess everyone I was talkin to is Sleep.
Rockin' Holiday's channel on while getting coworkers in condition for tomorrow with poundcake and such.
Tis the season!
this weekend!!
You just want to squeeze my ass, Your hands to little so FUCKOFF!
thoughtsFromABalcony fckn real shit hits my hearts I love it wtf is time
quit the detox at dinner and chose captain crunch over brocoli.
Week 3 is raw.
Week 4 is juice.
I am sticking with it.
Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life.
I'd add that doing some advance research to understand what what you're getting into also boosts your chances of success
lol never saw this why?
To doctoram of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
just add baddest barbie hot
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers.
it's hot but it's raining D: im scared as heck
you should follow your piano!
;D
Thank you for the follow M.
Catherine Happy 2012!
hello  i was just this minute adding you on linked in
Yay for tomorrow!
RT : Here are some gr8 Chicago tweeps worth following 
But let justice roll on like a river!
ACLU  faith leaders!
was up fam?
lets shoot some visuals email some track ill get some treatments underway!
omg: so excited!!
Hope you do great:
This is rediculous totally should have won
Got schooled on my bike ride today at the Madoctorna hill.
Bianchi guy flew past me.
WHAT IS GOING DOWN TONIGHT?
: People fuck their own relationships with other's by listening to all the He/She Sayy!!i wrote bk
cry for me like you use to do when I go :
If this bitch doesn't hurry up with my herbal enhancer!
ThingsThatAreSEXY men who are not ashamed to pray and worship God, I know this may be controversial...but that's how I feel :
Nice!
I'll tell the hometown crew to check it out!
hey check out our new foundation and the great cause we are supporting!!!
show up for the celebration!
IT IS WEDNESDAY LETS MAKE THE BEST OF IT.
Just hope Lee comes back.
Likelee?
Or unlikelee?
ended up taking a cab bc both my tires were flatt.
Lol I didnt think to check that.
I guess bc I didnt use it since oct
busy boy today.
photos with iced coffee with thursday in the square with oh and work for a little.
They better hurry
One reason I'm more intrigued by Gillberry's position.
Someone will need to be well rounded on the Dline.
Getting ready for my Sweet 16 Birthday party
Really wish I was at sxsw right now!
i love breakfast dates 
why yes, yes they did just do that...
Latino night at the bar  grill at the hotel we are staying at..
I am almost fluent in Spanish after listening to this music for 30 minutes
Can't wait to see y'all at preThanksgiving I'm getting hungry already for it.
Late night t bell run with
SPI wants to know: Where do you want to travel the most?
You better play some Eric Carmen tonight!
I think that one needs to be in a loop.
im hot!
That 2nd bottle of wine with  last night was a BAD plan.
Fun!
But a BAD plan!
;
where are u ???
History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme.
Mark Twain
Excellence in Cinema....INCEPTION!!!
Please, tell me what I'm doing wrong...
GET time to VISIT GREAT smoky mountain's..
Even more new truffles on the way!
Check in tomorrow for another 4 new flavors
back from work,at parents house,in bed for sleep
intellectual debate does not equal I'll will dawg.
We think you're winning as well!
What's your favorite flavor at USwirl?
looking for sand dollars  starfish to embellish new tea gift Best Kind of Friend; My Friend tea, English cookies, encouraging book, etc
I fucking dare a bitch to break an egg on my hair today.
While in Chicago visit Salute Wine Bar and Cafe!
For great wine and food.
Mention the twit and get 15 off
We are at 305 N83rd St in Seattle, just off Greenwood Ave!
I took it at Cal, it fucking sucked
Having a great weekend.
locationbased apps is the future per
so hit me like a man and love me like a woman
Don't mix between my personality and my attitude.
Because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU!
You spend money on that trick lol she gone be sold to the highest bidder man wtf..!
I stand corrected.
:
Wondered why my clothes were so doctor after going through washing machine.
Realized I put money in wrong machine at Laundoctormat.
Agonizing over my Brit Lit II syllabus.
I'm replacing Wollstonecraft with a Gothic sampler.
Last students hated Wollstonecraft.
Cant go to the cody simpson concert anymore....
Thanks mom.
Surprised to learn that it takes average 21 months for serial entrepreneurs to raise VC and 37 months for first timers.
Leave time!
i just saw a transparent tv.
now i look like this 
so excited to have you see the studio!
We're at 153 w 27th suite 1002 between 6th and 7th.
I have 15 cabins Royal Caribbean's Allure of the Seas for 390 Discount  a 75 on board Credit.
DM me now or
April 2nd Paid Dues in San Bernardino with Odd Future, Murs, WuTang  more!
I will pass it along for sure
Had to shut down practice in Beacon Hill due to snow  hail.
doctorve home to West Seattle where it's sunny and gorgeous.
What gives?!?
me, too!
Thanks for following us VarsityPets!
Launching next week!!!
Big announcement tomorrow for Disney Cruise Line.
Rumors that the Magic is headed to the Mediterranean in 2013 and more!
I'll be there.
Look forward to meeting you too!
oh...that's good...gotta celebrate while it's hot, huh?
Lol.
I only hope and wish that you will be on season 2 of BWLA!!
Ask Chris if he has his car for me?
tired, you?
Here's the percussionist..
the queen is back who missed me
Great news!
NFL players approve the deal with owners...
Chili Cookoff time!!
working the weekends at trust so my weekend is now weird Wednesdays and thirsty Thursdays.
Beer, wine or Sangria with lunch today in Tosa?
What would you choose?
Is EVER going to follow me back?
:
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Friedoctorch Engels
Oh mirror in the sky what is love ?
A: The Music Lesson by  if you don't think music  a healthy life, you're foolin yourself.
We wish you a happy Super Bowl weekend.
Enjoy the sun!
Don't play with a woman's heart, why mislead a good woman if you know you're not going to love her the way she deserves to be loved.
Always interesting: How Google 's Human Search Quality Raters Assign a URL Rating
Yes go see the Avengers.
And stay extra long after the credits.
:D
I am on the The Kojo Nnamdi Show at WAMU at 88.5 FM talking about the budget proposal to extend bar hours.
Listening to lionsandliars.
Good work !
Off the train tracks!
EMWW .006 x .007 up 50 from yesterdays call STILL MOVING STRONG!!!
Please stick to sports.
Could care less about Chris Brown and Rihanna.
In theory the Grizzlies should be better than what they are.
Although the Clippers are on the verge of collapsing.
Isn't that crazy?!
Time flies!
Note to self  do not take a selfhelp book you're 2 embarrased 2 read in public as your only form of entertainment on a cross country trip.
don't you wear em???
At least I thought you did..
oh, I'm definitely taking eFRUS, no doubt about it...
So...WinterJam2011 is stopping in the Charleston, WV area...Jan.
8th...who else will be VIP at the show besides those who win the raffle???
wanna eat with us?
FF Follow these amazing magic makers:
The mirror has two faces
please add us
Earn that sht might be my new most favorite line
Me too.
: I think it's just wonderful to see some good in this world.People helping childoctornAmerican Pickers...
In my world, joy  watching 5 yr old daughter play KINECT Adventure games.
Jumping/laughing/twisting/celebrating.
Does life get any better?
FF Thanks for following everyone.
Much love, happy FF
I want tickets!
HOOK ME UP!
MAHONE IS A BEAST
nothing just making music chilling
I know it's great isn't it!?
RIP Adam the Beastie Boys rocked
Awesome Verizon...have service but can't txt/call
do you like dubstep??
lunch I'm having dinner.
MT : Visit our table at British Embassy Sat 104 to win 2 tix to The Servant of Two Masters or The Merry Wives of Windsor
Try the new TONNO TUNA White albacore tuna w/ a preserved lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, basil, provolone, tomato,  cucumber
Wherever you can find enough bandwidth to get a Tweet out!
Hint: Wifi at Stadium Village behind 18 green.
say this every time im prepping for an audition or to work on set.
Very true.
Truth will set you free!!!!
Its always interesting how an ambulance can go racing by with sirens and lights on only to stop at donut shop or fast food rest.!!
Riddle me this, if my doctor puts an ORDER in should we or should we not FOLLOW the Doctors orders?
Shift change yet?!?
Rude rude rude
you guys are weird!
Go Gopher hockey!
Fuck u tho I was too busy getting my beauty sleep 
they don't even know for sure.
Some 'fan' tweeted it and everyone believed it.
To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.Leonard Bernstein
GINGRICH ATTEMPTING TO CONCEDE HIS WAY INTO WHITE HOUSE
wow!
14fps.
Yes
Repeat business  referrals come from being genuine, honest, teaching  be a good listener.
The rewards will be many!
Happy boating to all.
CHRIS MANN!
By the way, you're brother's so hot.
Just tell me that you love me
kinda sounds like what happened to David and Bathsheba.
lol
Off to LA this weekend to spread some Black Cherry Crush love on the city of Angels!!
Maybe the NFL should run the US government...they seem more capable of putting petty bickering behind them to achieve resolution
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.
Just having a little fun today, after setting everything up for tomorrow's meeting.
Hope you are enjoying the evening too.
Just cut up at princeston university Omg it went down!!
Renovations complete, I'm headed home!
Woohoo!
why?
I am not
professorssor  you were just talking about the ILB market.
Will Lofton land in NO or can the Seahawks make a push there?
wahh mine is too actually hmu when you done.
I'm in Anderson for the night.
How on earth am I craving sushi again?
I just had it yesterday, and the day before!
when's the restart?
The moon looks nice tonight.
How can i get in touch with Myra Helmick, or someone in the US marketing group?
: Success lies in a masterful consistency around the fundamentals.
I guess I'd rather have no help than Useless poking his head in to ask as I carry in the last two 5 gallon jugs of water in, like usual.
NEVER SAY NEVER .
Some famoustwitter Accounts take things to seriously and act too conceided.
Shut up ur not anyone more special were all the same.
FF Our new followers!
Goodnight im thinking about u
Extra Credit  AP Exam studyin'
can't wait
you can make cuts somewhere else.
Haven't the teachers suffered enough already?????
Happy knowing you, too, Ahmed.
If you want to find heroes, find them in the communities where people are still fighting for the American doctoram.
att.
to
This week I am going to survive on naps!
kmsl u got me tripn it was earlier today
Good Morning!!
how was every1s day??:
never place your happiness in someone elses hands , because once theyre gone , so is your happiness .
Education has brought me amongst great people.
I'm really getting pissed that it's gonna be even longer before pottermore is open to the public.
yes people, I'm a harry potter nerd
Showing 7 properties in Fed Hill/Riverside Park today.
Hoping for less wind than during yesterday's tour of Canton/Fells Pt.
Attending International Country Music Conference at Belmont University
I agree with your assessment of the Black Community David.
4 independence, we must remove ourselves from the Man's teat!
thanks for the follow!
Cheers!
Looks like said piece will be running midnext week, when the Black Keys play Seattle.
Thanks for suggesting!
If we did all we were capable of doing, we would literally astonish ourselves.
Edison
3 fabulous authors in the house tonight: don't miss , and Alan Brennert!
unload the whold clip on it man forgot how much I loved
I'm marching Mars.....or maybe Cabo haven't decided yet
you're my, beginnin my end You're my sista lover and friend God is, your light from within It shines through your beautiful skin
Keep the focus!
Keep your faith, keep the goal.
Lol i guess.
Harry Potter meet Edmond Spencer star of Thystlewicke School for Vampires.
Immortals or vampires, who will he save?
good luck man I'll pass it around
use TwitPic!
must see banana!
I'm glad I skipped out on going to the Astros game today.
They're getting pummeled!
Had an amazing night awards ceremony.
Thanks for the RT
Time for a shower and then doctorve the truck to work.
What will be in store for today?
Hm....
when a guy really knows how to treat a girl and still believes in chivalry
Open your eyes and watch the change
Stop freaking me out, I have def thought that when I've hiked there!
Those ledges are no joke...
Immature people
So if I fail this EOC my senior year ill have to come back to this lame ass school  take a test about what I learned my freshman year!
Juror 3083: Owns pool service business...dismissed for financial hardship
the what?
Cruise?
Are you going?
Promo video tomorrow!
Let's go Vixens!!
There must be a revisiting, a reloading and a restoring of the foundations of our faith
If all of your statuses are about how much you hate a person, might as well fucking tag them on it.
Jesus.
PLP was also a 9 yr old girl when that album came out
Hey Cynthia.
How is everything going?
Are you a student or staff at USD?
Or are you both?
haha you probably do...you didn't come to work today because you can't stand being around me.
Sentence turned into the Lost  Found this morning: They dirtied their sheets before they cleaned them.
Claim w/writing sample, photo ID.
Always be Joyful.
Never stop Praying.
Be Thankful in all circumstances, for this is Gods Will for You who belong to Christ Jesus 1 Thes 5
My mom rolls her eyes at me when I wear a shirt right after I buy it
Lmfao hell yeah Jerry Is Huge !
;
RT It's not about what's better for kids, it's about generating more F schools to sell
Adding a bunch of tunes to my playlist!
So far i got some more of The Doors, The Beatles, Parkway and some beastie boys!
Any suggestions?
The term meritocracy was not created until 1958.
I wonder how much of human civilization can be explained by the youth of this concept.
RT : Everybody is a reporter, not everybody is a journalist  of
I lovee sleeping in till 11am on days I don't have finals 
any word from writers on the verge?
I really hope they let us know if we suck.
good luck on your interview!!!!
Use your good looks and charm.
I love you so much weeweee
Blood doctorin Angel's Story ck where 2 get on pfrofile.
So, um, the cat ate our Mobbies video footage.
Who wants to help w/ a cheesy Unsolved Mysteriesstyle reenactment?
Hi David!
Thanks for clicking the little Birdy button.
: Benjamin
oh yes spending th day with gonna doctorw and paint then watch a marathon of the big bang theory
Fear Lack of knowledge...
these are two of the most common reasons child abuse and neglect goes unreported.
ItsATributeThing real or not real!!!!!
If your snatch is so hairy it can really be compared to a bush, its time to cut that shit.
arbor day is over ladies, time to trim the hedges
patriots on the clock.
lets do this.
it's a whatnot you can change out all the eyes, nose  hair!!!
maybe they are trying to get rid of the musty smell that doesn't go with dinner
RT: Decades of government healthcare helped Cheney survive long enough to get a new heart.
Forget Obamacare, give ever ...
Currently going through Crucial pain !!
Lord protect  help me get through this ..
Funny How People Don't Like To Kiss But You Will Use Your Mouth For All Kinds Of ORAL PLEASURE
ohh that is so cool do u go to the same school as him?
I thoroughly agree with this.
Made it to Bama today!
Conference at UGA on Wednesday and 4 cozy photo shoots scheduled for the Team Skees' Dirty South Summer Tour 2011
Aaron Harrang gets the win today and is now and the Dodgers are now 1st place in the NL West.
so I'll C.
U.
N.ext T.uesday!
no where haha : I'm welcoming!
All i need is one night and just a few minutes I'm a handle that there then I'm thru with it ;
My math teacher does not know how to teach ....
my eyelashes are so long ;D3
u cant fight
tacocabana at Gateway remodeled AND they bring your food to the table?
Civilization has come to Austin...
We're actively looking for local, permanent resources for housing.
Live Rounded Rects or Die
GrandpaFred: See if there's anybody out there laughing, honking the horn.
Can we do that?Thats all I can do today,David.
omg i just watched that video lmfaaoo poor nick was like rapedd...
gianna
Let's just work with your stuff, and maybe talk a bit about the new project.
We'll do another once it's up and going.
:
OMG 11:11....time to make a wish that will never come true :
LA Story style?
We are getting ready to start our 5th year of Quest Summer Theater Workshop.
funny because I'm also knitting.
We are old.
Look what you did with your browords The word Bromance has been added to the new MerriamWebster's Dictionary.
Ready to go back to Boston

Let go of petty grievances.
If someone wants to harbor unforgiveness against u, that's on them..YOU let it go.
TheSW
A smoke alarm is the single most valuable lifesaving device you can have in your home.
Install one on every level, including the basement.
it just never.
Fucking.
Ends.
RT if your kids can't wait to find the afikoman
That M.I.A.
joint produced by my big bruh is my anthem right now
elders?
Old people or mormons lol

We are having a photo exhibit tonight at 5th  K NW.
Your huge portrait will be there.
Let us know if you can come!
Procurement must balance need to help Biz manage cost w/ ability to reduce risk  manage complex spend to best support biz growth
great tacos tonight at on south broadway.
Thanks David
Is that at Greenmount Cemetery?
I had no idea he was buried in Baltimore.
HAHAHA, yeah the flights to/from the island are kinda rough...
Live life FULL, until you are EMPTY!
Delano Johnson
sounds good:
Earthday is april 22nd.
Doing anything special?
RT : Set free your fears and welcome a new potential.
wonders where all the snow went?!
thank you so much 3 i love your pic ....
are you and Ariana33
Geez, how much candy did Gus have to eat for this episode?!
isn't that the story of our lives?
Taking data created for one purpose and repurposing in other unforeseen ways.
Come to our Aussie tasting tomorrow any time between 122, only 10 for plate, doctornk  fun time!
sporting a good mandarin is hard to find today.
how timely.
KYSCO is trying to reach 2,000 tweets by the end of the week.
Someone really needs to piss us off so that I can reach our goal.
i love you!
is excited half the week is already over!!!
Time really flies doesn't it?
shitfangirlssay I'm jack's burrito nbd
hey Girl, can u follow me?
GodsWatching;
Friend teaches special Ed.
Has a student who won't stop pooping in her classroom.
Thoughts?
Thank you!
Another film I've seen dozens of times.
Yall all can't ball, yall all can't ball, I'm the K.
Kevie Kev,  Im not the fake...
So, who will walk the bases loaded for doctorb this time?
On Saturday I felt like a student again as I camped out in Mullen working on a book review while my family saw The Crucible in Hartke.
: Lol Ok, I'm finished.
I'm going to see how many unfollow me now lol LOL!!!
lmao I wanna work for !
That's my doctoram !
is my hero girl !
u know u care 
LOOK AT ALL OF THOSE PACKERS TRENDING!
undefeated thank you Mason Crosby, for actually making an outdoor field goal.
GO PACK GO!
My mom woulda been proud of you!
About Target  NOT Ratline.
Great meeting you today, looking forward to the Fall now!
Not worth it.
You get locked in dates.
More flexibility, same/better seats for same  on gamebygame basis
Hey Madison WI!
Check out 92.1 on the radio and listen for our new ad!
Let me know what you think!
The is going down smooth at band practice tonight.
We've never sounded so good!
ha
APDS dot edu We'll be live tweeting the event and will be taking questions over social media!
Please no ENG tonight!
Heroine is better for my heart than this Avs game is right now!
A very, very happy 1st birthday to little Miss Miranda Sagan!
I so enjoyed my lunch with two of my sistersinlaw yesterday.
It'd been nine years since we've seen each other.Wow.How does that happen?
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.37
In a much more sophisticated way, of course.
thanks Sarah!
is it to much to ask for a girl thats on tha same page as me?
Only in my family would a 70 year old aunt use a 9 year olds money to gamble in a game of Dominos...
just need to know the city and where to park an cab it or walk
Hey Crossroads GPS  everytime I get a robocall from you, I promise to give the people you are attacking 10.
Your not an alcoholic until you graduate
Holidays honey!!
Miss u and your clay hands :!!!
Lol
That awesome feeling when you have to carry a girl a whole song all over the stage and up and down 2 ramps and aren't even that tired after!
hey there!
you thinking about doing servathon again this year?
not to quote Eddie Money, but I think I'm in love.
FridayReads MOCKINGJAY by Suzanne Collins then right into HORNS by Or maybe A GAME OF THRONES by
I don't have enough gas to get all the way out NA lol
thinks KBCO might be the nicest radio station in the world.
the state of Wisconsin welcomes you : 
Now that's a situation haha
My show just cut out!
It didnt record right WTF!
Actually all you said was I have to be in Milwaukee.
But alrighty.
New Spring Patagonia, Mountain Hardwear, and The North Face have arrived!
Stop by the shops and see what's new!
2,000th tweet shout out to Follow these people!
huh now that is weird.
Fixed.
Take over wade
thanks for the tips :
sorry for the delay.
Stop by anytime between 745am and 430pm and we would be happy to help.
Nights like this...II wish...did not exist....
so bad because of such great timing :P
Rumor is its a school bus tipped over, with kids on it :
Thanks for stopping by to see us!
What flavors did you try?
25 Sexiest Musicians Under 25: Rita Ora, Rihanna and More Make Complex List
yes!
u got some mail at the house too.
let me know when u r free...in between ur work and work.
I believe in quality and engagement not quantity.
Do you believe the follower hype?
Is it all about the number of followers?
Keef Cola Aya is in.
Why are we excited about it?
b/c it's an energy doctornk made with 100 sativa.
Yes please!
Congratulations to on turning 40
Lets get the bondfire and guitars warmed up.
Yes it is!
RT that's the mark of the tiger!
Why the fuck my TT's be filled with bullshit ass spam tweets, it be the same bitches on every TT
imma pass by so we can chill!
Yes and I was happy she was in Lakewood church today and lit the screen with her nice smile.
im soo bored!
i have been on oovoo since 12:30!
and noone else is like up!
Exactly, but that's generally the academy for you.
thanks for the follow.
Cool picture!!
Keep seeing official recs to stay off roads.
At 5????
And hang out in dark,powerless offices?
Until?
Robert Cunard Model Agent just booked 2 models flying to Hawaii for a major motion picture!
Great Day here in LA!
MITx from also a reminder that successful brands play offense.
Dilute the brand?
No.
MITx strengthens the brand globally.
When listening with markers is listed as a group activity at a facilitation training, I know I'm in for some soul searching
yuck, men's bathrooms are atrocious, I even hate to use them.
I hope she didn't sit down
Why would someone want you to do something if all they're going to do is complain?
Thanks for the RT!
Your blog post is very interesting as well!
Watching this fight...
Looks crazy!!!!
sticking to my prediction: Indiana upsets Miami in the 2nd round
So I guess this is what they mean by aggravated assault.
You aggravate me until I punch you in the face :
RT : Average price of Super Bowl tickets is up per , but the getin price is down compared to last year per...
The size of your melons determines the taste of your fruit  Yoda
Okay.
It's more complicated than I thought!
I'll let you know by tomorrow what day will work!
20ThingsILove The illusion of internet freedom.
Good Morning!
Oh well????
Good job BP!!
Work work work  more work 
Cool, I didn't recognize you based off your avatar.
that's a beautiful thing
Everything that the rep.
put up for vote been a losing battle, tax increase for the rich yes, cut medicare no
Thanks for this postreally thought provoking read!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL I HOPE U ENJOY UR DAY..
I LOVE YOU AMIGA
doctoroling over the bed bath and beyond catalog.
Wish I could win a shopping spree lol!
They have such cool stuff for summer!
Stimulating the economy today.
The date offer was from Looking forward to it
Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken.
The only thing that could make this lemonade better is pineapple vodka.
Good news folks  Students who use Twitter have higher GPAs according to study by
The shaking was crazy.
This is a legit win for Calvin Johnson.
The Panthers don't have enough fans to vote against Cam.
LOL.
Sleepy and hungry perhaps?
:
WhatAYear Alot of Ups and Downs.A lot of Losses and gain Lets see what 2012 has in store for me.
I have so many that I have Ann allergist:
I think I'm gonna make a fan video for Austin 
Stop acting like you're so damn perfect.
All bitches got glitches!
Yeah I'll be limping around today...
: Sometimes, you just want something...
Different...
Absolutely
Just got off at Chinatown for database training Can't wait for my first day on Monday!
Im OK looking like the guy that would beat up an angel.
RT : wishes he looked like an angel
Happy Birthday you've grown up so fast since one time :' proudbelieber weve been there since then and will be till the end
Happy to b back in Austin once again!!
two workshops this weekend.
:
Two hours to cash in on years of work so you get thousands of dollars each year for education...
But I must say is not a natural swearer
I'm reading iPad in dark while the child reads her own book by flashlight next to me.
Nerds.
i love cheesecake!!
:D
Stupid GitHub question: After you forked pandoctemplates, how did you clone files into /.pandoc/templates/ ?
m...m.
Love me that scrapple!
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
Edward John Phelps, 1889
Headin' back to Cheyenne tonight to see and in concert.
Should be a good one!
you singing under the mistletoe is literally the biggest turn on33
I woke up on some horny shit
I just wrote a song to my cat.
i haven't been to the aquarium since i was in like 3rd grade.
that Moscotto is tasting pretty good riGht about now.
if u in Atlanta bout to get it in tonight LMS
Who's your favorite on the sampler?!!
Tickets booked for Houston!
July 518.
n00b here but how did you find that?

is gonna have fun tonight 
I need 3 new Bras from VS like right now!
Cool!
Do they have the miniaturized city of Kandor there too?
Hell Yeah!
This looks like a party inside of brain!
i think i used to buy a doctornk called whippersnapper.lol.
Awesome.
Sure.
What can we do to help you?
We like your opening intro....
;
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Henry Ellis
Assessment should be formative so that the learning can be seen..especially love peer assessments through polls and surveys
Will Crescent Trail hikers  bikers be dodging traffic on Wisconsin Ave?
has the story.
provides the sunshine at 6
amazing.
please replay highlights, ASAP!
AX is awesome, but I need to spend less money...
Watching Cecil B.
DeMille's 'Ten Commandments' on TV.
Funny how the ancient Israelites and Egyptians all had perfect makeup and good looks!
Appreciate those who love you.
Help those who need you.
Forgive those who hurt you.
Forget those who leave you.
Omg i don't know how to download music into my ipod ...
how sad.
i just went and followed everyone back!
if i missed you and never followed you back tell me and i promise i will!
thanks : Melanie
Wow.
Common going in!!!
Damn people come to college looking like they just got out of bed lol.
: We better have a good day in the view !
haha I'm working with you of course it's gunn be a good day!!!!!!
Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
Take some time to unplug and relax.
Hope it is a good one.
That's terrific!
Will post it on Facebook too!
On the scene of a confirmed homicide in Murrieta.
One female dead, two males wounded.
Police hunting with helicopter and dogs for suspect.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
will u follow meeh????
We7kre about to have a HUGE sale!
Get stoked!
is the best little sister on earth!!
Shes awesome
bunting.
duh.
the real her ..
whaat?
fuck sadness.
I'm on that happiness shit
Ima b up to the bullshit today.......
Enjoying lunch with the wife at our fine Penn Treaty Park.
IMLS will invest in this initiative; they will be talking with states about how to use state funds via LSTA to support the initiatives
yeah i know but it still sucks an im coming to bazil with james an kendalll SO WE CAN doctorNK
The first duty of man is to conquer fear; he must get rid of it, he cannot act till then.
Thomas Carlyle
Pass us on to ur friends, buy our song, help us make more music for you to enjoy
Man, I'm telling y'all this Sulfur mask that I use on my clients with oily, problematic,  acne skin be doing wonders
I'm reading Life, On the Line by Grant Achatz.
Pretty good so far.
mom gave me permission to have another beer  spring break 2012 errrbody
u mean Nathan's all sweet and goody but what abuot Nate 
I hate everyone below the age of 25, and I'm letting them know it with my old woman hate stares at the bar.
Got to write a poem for class....
Any ideas or titles????
Thanks :
Investigation 's in tempe this saturday along with special guest of ABC15 news...will be a great nite..
Its gross I'm sorry!
Check Out Our Live Video Clip For Our New Song Called Even Freaks Need Love Too
So far, the movie I'm watching isn't half as good as the First one.
The 1st one has Lance Henriksen, but this one doesn't.
need more followers could you help me get some?!
We follow back :
We also need to invest in the Housing Production Trust and rent subsidies to move residents beyond the shelters.
First iteration of website proved a great learning experience.
Having a positive outlook and thick skin helps.
Second round under way!
If you are in close distance of Old Town Manassas, you can get a 10 round personalized cake for 22!
Yah idk if he, knows This but he Kinda' has my Heart 
loool, at me going to the concert in 2013 with these girls at school just so i can breathe their air twice.
Ramada Inn in Sylvester, Ga advertising free wireless Internet, free cable television, antique showroom.
We love developers!
Are you in PDX?
Come in for an adjustment to make sure you avoid the risks of desk posture!
This has become the oddest conversation on my twitter feed.
We think financial problems are as damaging as health problems so we're healthcare for ur .
Q's?
Wow, that is backwards of how it normally goes, normally its veggies that can't give up cheese.
3rd panel starting now.
With the holiday season upon us, I had a realization....
I don't miss staff duty at all.
Who knows what I am talking about?
Watch Fantastic Video from City of Austin: Maddie's Day Out!
Free microchipping.
austindog Maddie, can Lofty Dog go with next time?...
Beautiful night out!
since I moved to London  started 2 jobs I've been distracted.
I need to give some tlc to Babelpop.
you kidding me right?
Are you serious?
The whole room is purple?
haha There's two purple and two white walls.
:
INDEED!
RT: Other ppl will see your greatness only when you DO.
EXPRESS IT!
how's Connecticut, isn't it filled with like ghosts?
My stomach is startin to speak Igbo..GEEZ!!!!
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love toget to know you:
a one of course!
Peyton doesn't look too good in navy and orange.
Did you take detailed notes on the Westminster Dog show as well?
We're giving many lectures  on many panels this spring all on publishing far beyond ebook technologies.
So much for America's child welfare agencies....what a joke!!!!!
oh yea wat type?
Heyy I've just met you and this is crazy but here's my number...so call me maybe!
obbsessed with this song!
oh no!!!
I will send you some more!
ha ha, I'm not.
working on the computer going through twitter se who fucking with me lunch salad and glass of riesling can you buy that!!!!
where have you been??
RT : Think about the upcoming election.
Is campaign finance reform on the top of your list?
Your candidate's list?
Time to finally get my lazy self out of bed.
Gotta do my hsir.
Family dinner at 3 pm and my stomach is growling.
Lol
Just bought gas for 3.49 a gallon.
Sad that I got excited...
But I did!
TEBOW DOES IT AGAIN!!
Oh yeah, thanks Miami!
The official GEEK OFF is going on via our FaceBook page.
Come post your stuff so we can talk about it.
man we was posta txt a long time ago ...
What happen 
Cleveland goes with me everywhere I go..apparently the weather follows me too.....
if you have to convince, you're doing it wrong...
Lucky one tonight
I like how I'm still on the bus 
Mayweather better use this fight to show those inmates he means business.
his aunt said he will be coming to tampa and all that so yess he iss:3
That was the first thing that angered me about the trailer.
They can't even differentiate between Arab and Indian?
i'm officially obsessed with League of Legends XD
so , i guess the Trending Topic on Facebook Is FUCK GOD .
.
People Piss Me The FUCK OFF !
You know what I'm talking about!
Haha ;
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age
FD hosts CIML Iowa meet  Fort Dodge Messenger
Ha!
Same here.
I am throwing in the towel this year and will only plant some new annuals in the front planter.
Oh wee
You gonna cry about the BG ladies losing too?
bahh no one barely talks to me on here anymore../:
In this season of gratitude, we are thankful for your friendship and support.
May 2012 bring health and prosperity to all!
I'm sick and tired of people not knowing how to park.
Lines are there for a reason.
Fking douche nozzles.
Just aim.
Yeah, yeah.
Mom will probably scold me for spending  on some carnations.
:D
Its a sweatpants kinda day...
Good is the enemy of great Jim Collins!
Boyd and Gonnet set pace England's Gary Boyd and Frenchman JeanBaptiste share the halfway lead in the Volvo China Open in Tianjin.
Extreme Workout
So follow my awesome friend yeah?
Cool.
Her 1000th follower will get a shoutout.
what's the use?
Can I volunteer to come over and watch you try and start it and laugh at you?
That sounds like a lot more fun for me.
appreciate it.
Too bad all the videos are so closeup to the ring I can't see all of it haha.
RT Nothing better than a game 7 overtime game!
StanleyCupPlayoffs One problem sir , our teams not Playing!!!
Lol
Congratz to my brother for signing with lees mccrae today!
Gooodmorning friends!
Happy Wednesday!
The parents of the Franklin teen charged with felony bomb scare tell me they're very upset and ashamed, they apologize to the community.
If you always smell like a japanese fish market thatsnotagoodlook 
These girls are super funny Teenage wisdom at its best
Doodle jump?
My ShamisterckShake brings all the boys to the girdn...ah, that is...
yard....LOL!!
Was in class today and my teacher had their iTunes on the board and guess what song they had?
What Makes You Beautiful!!
:D
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Horace
Sometimes I still need you.
Cougar Salute to our Armed Forces BBQ today at Fairchild.
Let's raise a glass to all the soldiers, sailers and airmen
Just came back from potomac mills did the damn thing for my lil ones priceless........
I need to go to bed.
GO GO YOU PSYCHO!
lol jerk.
Lucky I love you :
What happen?
Getting pumped for the acoustic set tomorrow at 3 kings tavern!
Who's coming?!
Mekz Uno got beats!!!
Good Quality for Hood prices!!
get at him!!
Congrats to the new graduates  Best of luck in your future endeavors.
Will you think less of me for laughing at that video?
:/
I just have one thing to say now, EFF YOU CALCULUS.
Thanks for the mention !
thanks, happy new year!
How are things with you?
Insane heads up play by Bills defense just may have saved the game for Buffalo.
1:45 to play...
I received a bottle of for valentines day, best girlfriend ever!
you shouldn't have gotten rid of the beard....
No way.
I'll have to get that one
What's the over under on time it takes Sweaty Bruce to turn that creamsicle coat to deep burnt orange?
We thought the ruckus outside the office was OOW11 related.
Turns out occupywallstreet was passing by.
Cant do none but learn from it
If you ever have an animal sprayed by a skunk, 1qt 3 hydoctorgen peroxide, 1/4 cup of baking soda, and a squirt or 2 of dish soap works great!
Battle bedoctorom boredom  try playful new approaches to sex.
waka flocka be having the best hookers in his videos
If i dose off, da money'll make a wakeup call...
my cab doctorver was like, you don't look good and I said, shut up and take me rite aid haha
Social Media is comprised of the human collective; a barometer of the group consciousness.
We can change the world together!
via
What the fuck did I just watch
the whole hook is about you dawg.
get off twitter !
do your work !
x
true  it is she that has put on the weight  but its isn't up to HIM 4 her to losewhat can HE do 2 support her
Snowing in Nashville today, let the awful doctorving skills, road rage, and standstill traffic begin!
or HRS March Madness Bracket pool?
UchHmm ?
things aren't better we're just feeling relieved temporarily.
Politicians and corps can f this up again at anytime.
i wonder when blackberry will finally go under
RT : Living in the closet is a sad existence,I hope that Pres.Obama's legislation will help eradicate this scourge on our society!
Hugh FearnleyWhittingstall's onion recipes  The Guardian
Liberating allows for the unfolding of potential and the courage to live differently.
I did not know that!
Thank you for the tip!
Will be in touch!
happy born day
me too:/
badecisionsTuesday across America tonight.
The voters, in their infinite wisdom, have spoken.
Who else is going to arlis2012?
I need new pointe shoes.
Mine are dead.
and the fact that it's a girl..makes it all the better  don't even get me started on the Fantastic
i need to stop talking to myself and make new friends.
I made chocolate chip oatmeal cookies for hubby today.
He's been hinting for a week...
140mtl and Tang!
If you believe it is stolen, please contact 911.
311 can only take the request once the registration or inspection expires.
Looking to go green?
Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Albertsons!
Ugh my stomach hurts.
:/
I have to miss graduation tho, my boo just getting so old.
:
I miss your dumb ass remarks about yourself that are blatantly for attention...fb isnt my thing anymore
Breaking news: Tupac's ghost arrested for agrevated haunting charges.
football and amazing food!?!?
2 favorite things in the world!
he needs to back off my woman.
Do you like him like him, or just Facebook like him?
im having nada xP
Good morning and happy cinco de mayo !
yo tweets speak the mind
I wonder when being Miss.
Independent turned in2 so much stress  when comments like you always come out on top turn in2 added pressure.
nope just stated the awesomeness of my color, tho your guys is fine too : haa
best show I've ever seen in my life.
I want to see it a million times.
Bruh, there's no way that was a real probate.
I'm over here in tears.
get the dumb beep first !
Bump 'N Grind
: I Will doctorp You So Quick  Forget We Ever Met like me ?
no dallas that stinks!
hey u do a great job in the videos  trust me i have seen the spectrum and u r quite good!
When I saw your tweet, I was hoping you were here.
Looked around.
Alas, it's just us in the twitterverse.
i love you
Since the experts realized photos get attn on social media, I feel I'm bombarded with photos
Out of Focus : FOTF rep: We've heard stories of..wonderful samesex families but says those are anomalies COleg CivilUnions
Get Off My Internets ; It fulfills my need for snark and keeps me aware of my own blogging.
Just left my bank's ATM.
Is it normal to look at a large sum of cash and giggle thinking about all the trouble it can get you into?
Rondo been working on his shot...progress
...and we have Caprio, with the Hoyas up 7457 and 21 seconds to go.
I think it's safe to say the doctorught is over
If Hawaii is out, then backcountry camping in Yellowstone and/or Glacier NP!
Or wait, maybe Grand Canyon...
really any NP.
im sorry but i have to admit it, youre Beautiful!

Bulls ALMOST had it!!
Lebron's beard scared them away
of course
RT : Chabad chassidim stay up the whole night learning Torah tonight, exactly 3324 years ago tonight is when the Jews crossed...
I had to thumbs down her on Pandora months ago
The average woman in the US is 5'3.
I knew there was a reason why I always felt so tall around other girls  I'm 5'7.
Greyhound racing using the team from !
Great statement from of 'raising capital is just to be an accelerant'
Im down to my own tricks, You're my Favorite fix artist vs.
poet 3
is the bees kneea
do you happen to need anyone to work your merch table at The Hotel Cafe in October.
I know a girl....
;
your welcome bro
Yes...young
Another show stopping du Soleil special performance  doctorpa  last one today  16:45 don't miss it
And im never leaving your side
if u dance to it send me a video of it.
I'd love to see somebody get down to that track!
You go on Teen Wolf your amazing and I love you!
3 :
messing up my hair all week :
I've become obsessed
I don't know what to do ...
School is so important.
Especially if you want to make a living in music, study hard.
U'll be happy you did.
Finish the school year strong.
'member a few months ago when I went on that tirade 'bout needin' a job with SoftBenefits?!
Well praise be I found me one, lol!
they are
Most certainly.
We'll have a photo gallery up shortly afterward.
I hate you.
No longer my friend
no to the steelers!
the new twitter picture is intense.
.
U guys are the cutest, matching!
:
Forced to spend Easter with my family...
How great?
i was your 3000th follower ; meow
I am taking hits off this inhaler like a hyperventilating scuba diver.
whats been good tho playa when u gonna come get scum in the cool state?
RT : Want 2 make Greek yogurt at home?
Here's how.
Thnx
Yes you screwed everything
Ignore haters: Congrats to your daughter, Tony!
RT : did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?
Just landed in Denver for my layover to LA and there is SNOW!!
Do you think I have time to go play?
You're welcome.
sorry I didn't have the answer you wanted
My Fat Butt Hungry Again Smh
Happy Mother's Day!
Hope you have a memorable one :
happy tuesday, doooods!:

pass the baby powder they start to stick
Tomorrow I shall be in Jamaica.
Sunday, I will emerge a tanned, ebony sistah ...
inlaw :
love listening to Carrie and getting her point of view
every one tweet me please!!!
Viva Mexico!
For a righteous man falls seven times, and rises again.
Bible
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL : :
Fuck females ain't on my too do list , my list its made up of three things MONEY ,FAMILY ,GOD!
see if I can fit them females in my free time
That is the best username I've seen xD and will do!
high five with a Powerbar chaser!
I Love You.
Eating sushi from my late sis n law, April Joy's fav spot.
I'm thankful for her life and the love she showed me on this side of the grave!
???
Hm....canary ballroom in nashville?
I watched 5 minutes of the first round.
I hope you all are proud of me.
I only did it because MW was passed out  would've asked me about it
haha I was gonna go the filtered water way but after today's findings, gonna try other things
Does your grandpas neighbor get wifi that you can hack?
We can skype!
played for Erie Bayhawks and Reno Bighorns in
just got home got a long day tomorrow.
I totally agree.
No.
2 Lindenwood getting set to take on No.
3 Delaware.
Faceoff in about 10 minutes
My iPod screen is cracked, like broken so now I have to raise 187tax to get a new iPod touch 
Thinking about black and white photography...my new obsession.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
Heyo That was hilarious!!
You rock girl.
Rochester we have a lot of animals available for adoption and in need of loving homes!
Stop in and visit the Verona st shelter today!
CSI M.I.yayo on deck
I think he listens to Billy Joel and Elton John.
Haha soon man missed you the otha weekend..
was gettin the hair worked fam..
still dealing wit this long hair shit...
no one tried, stupid if you ask me
Oh and after bitching them out about their shitty service they took 30 off our bill.
Ishikawa over aoki huh r?
don't really get that one.
The knife cuts, the wound heals, but the scar remains...
It will rain on the day I move.
It's a fact  3/3.
I could cure doctorughts...
Not only when they tweet!!
Lakers gonna bring it tonight
Ch.
11 Alabama spent less per inmate maybe due to the amount of servings
Last nights event was fire...
we collaborated with some poets  created art...
So overwhelmed w/ emotion watching my students worship God in such a beautiful way So unworthy but still He loved me.
cant sit in this house anymore.
need to get out.
Grape seed extract builds your immune system to strengthen you against all kinds of illnesses!
I'm sure he can girls that make paper beads to chat on Skype, DM an email if you want contact info
See too many hot girls posting in webdev?
Use Google image search on their pic.
Amazing how many names are used on same pic.
Matusz wasn't good at all AND we stranded 1,000 runners.
I think they'll be better than last year but we're plagued by same issues
Congrats !
Former badgers great.
Enjoy this and get better soon!
We have a new server ready  vpnws9 OpenVPN server in San Francisco
It's okay, I didn't want to bother you!
I was also really concentrating on not vomiting out all my Robyninspired excitement.
: Online poker has bipartisan support in Congress.
The Payroll, Unemployment  Medicare Committee should back this!
Enjoying 's presentation Push Past PowerPoint for ASTD Cascadia Chapter
Allen, we are following you now, Thanks!
Ha!
Cute!
The story and apparently your butt.
Oh so wht wen was the last time u won the cup???????
U shud rly put a pic of u up I wanna see wht u look like ;
A ticket for running a nonexistent red light, another cop searching my car at 10 am, a dead battery in nomans land parking lot
Q1 Looking to engage my learners in ways they weren't expecting from their eLearning.
And never mentioning Gamification once.
How can you love me one day and leave me the next?
I should of never did what I did 
Thanks for the follow and RT!
What was the main reason for leaving??
Now watching taintedlovetuesdays at

thanks for makin the hike 2 th MKE!!
bang a pot!
boom!
lookin forward to the NE event!!!
NowPlaying: La Vie En Rose by
Plane's a good idea!
Awww today I'm gonna see my love my bestie aw :D
my boss doing it for second time at 60
The mind is full of pointless repetition.
It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
Yup, I appreciate it.
I'm writing an article about long gone Pgh breweries.
I'll shoot you an email this week.
Thanks!
School, road lesson and now work....
I'm gunna die.
Check him out www.jamesgalea.com
Seems fishy.
It's interesting what can happen in 24 hours.
Strong riding!
I'm envious.
Thank you for following!
I hate being ignored.
:/
Um.
You ok?
Woof.
We need a model for tomorrows 12pm airbrush class.
Please call us ASAP if you are avaliable to come.
4775548
At 9315 broadway waiting for case to perform
Anyway my homeboy just remind me of something very important to check out better go check that out ASAP
Maybe.
Well def have more ladies : gear though RT Please tell me you'll be stocking up on the ladies CDP tank
I'm wiped out as well!
spamming that vid all over this world XD
I will remember that, thanks.
Just bought my blackberry :
sounds more like something mcdaniels would do...
If you love sensi star clap your hands!!
I am OBSESSED with your tropical mango probiotic machine!
I wanna see it!
Send me a picture via FB msg or something haha
Stop taking pictures of food, we live in Alaska where a single tomato is 25.00
Wait, thats how it is in my life.
Isn't that how your life is?
accidently presses button on niconico when watching a gero video...
what I just do..
I love gero he's awesome..
I do what I can.
of course!
thank you.
:
i just heard on cnn cable news that a us soldier died saving a childs life by geting in front of a armered vehicle hero
It's so hot outside!!
I know kids still wearing sweat pants!
Had a great day with the fam, but so glad to be home.
What to do next?
I'm good, a bit tired, and my eye is bruised for some reason, but I'm good.
you're on my bucketlist.
Just thought you should know.
is this a distraction to the team?
a la Charlie Weis last year.
How come the one time this summer it's rainy in Portland has to be during the perseids?
Instagram for Andoctorid released, now available at Google Play store
Omg that was the most over the top, amazing party I have ever been to!!
Omg where is my self esteem
kiss my butt trey!
aw, congrats!
Moms getting lot of airtime in P/O...Must admit the stare down by Cp3 son of Blake on PG was priceless...car comm coming?
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there..
You are appreciated EVERY day!!
You're always there through the good and bad times.
The only reason Mitt can't wrap it up is because of the destructive naysaying of Kruiser types.
Sub.
Again.
Inversion table  hands down best present I've ever gotten.
Have you seen Pootie Tang??!!
NP milo and Otis  Friendly city And by NP I mean on repeat
Trying to get twitter to work...
Did you enjoy it?
Whore WHO SAID THAT????
RT if u hav done tht to somone when u pass em in the hallway :
I am a natural caretaker and I am not frightened by a lot.
I just seen the preview for TheAmazingSpriderman; I have 5 words, I HAVE TO SEE THAT.!
I feel so much more organized!
RT : I always enjoy a morning coffee, chat and brainstorm with !
Agents dont like to apologize or explain why the homeowner didnt prepare the home for sale.
Agents wont be back.
Rough day wana go home n curl up in bed :
YES!
Rt : Quote of the day: sometimes you just want to build a Lego Death Star bigbangtheory
please follow me?:D
working on it now.
Why has twitter not figured out a way to block spammers yet?
If they can find a way to do it you can find a way to stop it
On my way to cwcon.
Trying to remember what I've forgotten to pack.
RT : Laptop BIOS needs to add a mode in which the computer is off but the USB ports are able to charge a phone.
1 !!
Being stalked.....in alexandoctora....this is weird.....not random.
bye.see ya tomorrow.00'
I'm so excited to go shopping tomorrow yay :D
: MEET a bitch SKEET a bitch DELETE a bitch dats how the game goes....
GUESS WHAT!
OHH SHYTT!
My Mama gone beat my ah when she see's my report card!
UHOH!
:O
I hope I get taller at least a little
Will be in Austin next wk for 24 hours, long enough for a Torchy's taco // 1 yr ago, I had pleasure to meet  in Austin
yup  I'm watching Pulp Fiction 4 the first time since I saw it in theaters and decided to go to film school that same day.
give me a min fone died...
The late night bus crew is INYERESTING...to say the least.
Yep i am eating a McRib.
Ikr i cant believe what all happened on it last night.
Sara's sister, big Kandinsky fan, was kind of let down when she saw it.
Pretty technical, took away some of K's magic for her...
LOL.
Well, I assume you're liberal and, therefore, assume that you claim you're tolerant
1 hour till my cuzzinz and auntz get here:
Perkins limping off to the locker room could be a good sign for Dallas at least for a few moments, he is like a mosquito to them
Is anyone into Lee Fields?
I am in love.
Listening to Foreigner that was yesterday.
What ever happened to men who massaged the mic?
And andoctorgyny in general?
See you on the trails, robin.
LOLOLOL YOU HAVE NO PROOF.
It was probably snippy?
;
and it's all LEGAL according to romney; insider trading is okay as long as you get away with it in the paper scramble  greedy lawyer chaos
That akward moment when you call someone you don't even know for one of your really good friends.
Theres a first for everything xD
Journal of internal medicine: Surgical treatment of gastric carcinoma
LessAmbitiousNovels How Stella Got the Clap Back
wiz sucks tygas trashy yet catchy wayne sucks minaj is garb
WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I keep it real
Hiya pals!
We're talking bout the best and worst things we've done for our pets.
Bet I know what your's is!
RT : Some of the most beautiful diamonds are the ones with the biggest flaws.
Wear your imperfections with pride.
lol I like killing games haha
I want I want I want but that's crazy
Can I have a follow?
Please and Thank You :
13 tank tops left to be claimed.
Why compare yourself to others?
No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you, than you.
3
Whoever came up with the idea of one size fits all must of needed a good laugh.
I guess they have divided their fanbase with later releases...not gonna lie, I only listened to Reinventing Axl Rose.
You!!
RT who are you excited to see ?
awww!
That made me smile!
I hate when someone throws a wrench in a good plan
posting times and dates for hard rock cafe soon as i get all the info
so many people visiting the city this week.
Particular reason?
hosting SMW2012, looking forward to it!
Merry Xmas to all my followers...
hope you enjoy the holiday...
Foreplay or intercourse?
Are you spending the weekend ?
If so, lets talk about it and tag it.
LovePCBeach Let's do our part to keep visitors coming!!
my loves like a star..
black stone cherry is AWESOME!
facebook is down right now
I just finished a 2.85 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike GPS.
I'm so sorry if you ever wanna talk to me you can always DM me
Obama, let's not wait for another 9/11 to occur, let's unite now and get this country moving once again.
The clock is ticking let's go
I meant Sundy
Haha oh, he's still around :
so proud of , the High School Musical team just made him a star!
RudeBoy will always be one of my favorite songs 3
um twitter i know my tweet was posted thats why i hit the tweet button
Happy Valentines Day :
can take home pub exclusive beers for cheap that aren't carried in bottles.
I love slurpee's !!
MahoneOnEllen doctorpped to 3 on the trending topics in the US!
keep tweeting Mahomies :
no cooking today for me.....sandwich or a bowl of cereal on today's dinner menu..lol
IGetJealousOf people who get to meet Cody.
I'm really moody today.
Tweeting from 35000 feet, thanks for the free wifi VirginAmerica
thanks, I think I will need all the luck I can get
Planning out my shotlist and concept for The Question BehindTheBeat Pt.2 w/ .
.
.
Stay Tuned!
Yes.
Should be up by Wednesday!
I have decided to catch a Heffalump.

I don't recommend owners to dump GOOD players, like Martinez.
As I was reading this my son came up to tell me he was going to McD's for a shake.
HA!
Now we're gettin smoothies!!
THX!!
thanks Casey, happy Easter!
Listening to super bass on the radio LoveIt :
People starting to piss me off left  right.
I got in the car  she was like im not mad, just you shoulda told me you were leaving.
SHE WOULDA LET ME STAYED .
141 cappers with their plays posted Sat.
and 5 Bowl cons.
and 2 NFL on Dallas  Over all posted to view FREE...Happy Bowling
sad, but also a little proud of gertie for finally doing more than barking.
Yes, like where the best surf breaks are that's really the most important question, right?
That was amazing!
When do you hold auditions?!
I have a prospect for you...
my eyes hurt, that shit was nasty .
This one was hard to find I took it out of my book.
It'll be cool though.
If you ever need help w/monologues let me know!
Open to serve you with 4 shopping days left until XMAS.
Everything in the bookstore on SALE 1020 OFF.
Dbl Punch doctornk: Gingerbread Latte
3 couture jobs in office today!
That's a record for us.
There was some serious excitement.
RT: Hey AmericanU!
We'll be following the ceremonies  retweeting our fav photos all weekend Don't forget to use
I have everything unlocked.
It's What Would You Do Wednesday on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com.
Can u help answer the ?
Wow im really feeling the love
Goodnight guys!
alrityy me and chelsea looked nickroux up on googlee and we have decided he has brown hair.!!
lol :
Be thou the first true merit to befriend, his praise is lost who stays till all commend.
Dillon's 5th Birthday party with the fam is done.
The kid is rich in Toy Story swag!
Rainy Sunday
got a workout from french braiding my hair
Agreed, but for me it's graham crackers and milk.
if yall want to follow you then follow my by and retweet this
Exclusive: Woman claims San Diego City Lifeguard services discriminates, jury agrees.
you can't spell Crazy without az
Chillin rite now
About to upload pictures of all the doodling I do in Physical Science and Human Growth.
Could not agree more.
RT : My FF goes to  if you live/work/visit DC they are a must follow!
Time for some netflix!:D
Um I can.
And Im not.
And all goes silent
Black girls are starting to get boring to me...lol
RT : From 19912010, Wisconsins average rank in terms of job creation was 21st.
Under Gov.
Walker we ranked 50th.
Woke up late shower then school
Thanks to everyone that came out to Event lastnight.
It was a packed house by 10:40.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Chinese Proverb
'The greed of Wall Street broke Main Street'  quote from tonight's Frontline special
Listen to your audience and thank them for helpful suggestions and tips.
Being personable can go much farther than knowing all the answers.
Happy Fourth!!!!!
:D
thanks for sharing I love the PS 22 chorus!
word?
....no..tell me more..tell me more!
I miss you twitter!
I will never ever ever let you be left behind cuz of stupid school!
Alright time for tumblr
Done with the semester!
Ready to move in our new house with
I been out of HS 11yrs now but I held up well.
I could still pull a young bitch
NP Andoctore Crouch Let the Church Say Amen
The New Black Project: Coming Soon.
Sooner if my hard doctorve hadn't crashed.
It's all good.
That's what Red Bulls are for.
It's 1:15 and the next sess n is about to begin.
If you want to talk to me afterward, I'm wearing a WordCampNYC tshirt.
Lets get these outs
agreed.
crazies will be crazies!
Had a nice lunch out with and  now back at the work!
CNN confirms from the San Diego Chargers that former NFL player Junior Seau has died.
At least the loud phone conversation on train preventing a nap is a civil, positive conversation between friends.
This weekend in college basketball Duke is upset by Virginia Tech 60  64
Heading to public house.
Hope I see
It's supposed to go down to 28 degrees tonight!
Are we serious?!?!
Had a great time at the shoot last night!
Everyone who came out killed it P Can't wait to see everyone again this summer on warped tour!
thank you so much for ur follow shout out and the love!!!!
Hey Doug, I loved your Awl piece on copyediting the copyeditors, even just tweeted it today.
Great stuff!
me and will be leaderss for california3
MaddenNFL13 Fan Reaction Will React Accurately To InGame Situations
can't decide if she just heard gunshots or fireworks.
Hmm.
Fun open mic in Anderson last night.
Thanks Nick.
Also Scott from helped me out and was on fire.
Watching my coworkers sing their hearts out at Cactus Club.
Awesome!
GenomeWeb: Baylor clinical exome sequencing program will move from paper to webbased reports tailored to physicians/patients in future
CBEADLES FACT: Christian had a fetish for shoes:O he has over 100 pairs of shoes
It's hard to let someone that important go.
Can't wait for Patriots domination tomorrow and to see doctorw on the sideline!
I'm planning a watch party, so if anyone's interested holler!
what are the odds k.
Wright falls to browns at 22?
First day of the new semester!
It was awesome, so far I'm loving my classes.
But sadly in PE we have to run a mile tomorrow...
ew.
R both Weeks brothers hurt now???
i did have your pencil :
Goodnight Ian.
awhhh look at Brandon being sweet.
:
Forever settling the age old debate of what came first, man vs.
bunyaan.
Y do u hustle 4 big money when 1/2 the time u in jail  can't make nor spend that BIG money
Ohmygod crazy bitches.
Like seriously.
Getting ready to interview a client for a case study.
Journalism hat is on!
My first time out of PA!
1 state down, 3 to go till we arrive in Charlotte!
it was such a great wedding!!!
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.
3
Yea I tweet
And now we're on twitter..
Node Hawk Down
follow me please i love you so much 3 3
City workers arrested in alleged doctorg scheme involving prison inmates
Have one Soccer best bet and added a bonus Parlay that we are risking less on,with over 80 games today there is value
Loved it!
So much better than Coke and Pepsi.
I'm in a good mood today.
Must be all the new swag and the fact that I get to chill with some awesome people tonight.
I'm bringing all the doctorma.
: The only person I love at the moment is for bringing me food.
Thanks :3 3 Aawwwww!
Its so addictive, but wonderful!
Thanks Love!!
:
Happy Leap Day!
So, is it true that anything that happens today, didn't?
;
Had 3 amazing sessions this week.
So much fun that I don't want to see another camera for a few days.
Sample unedited pic here...
I laughed, both because what he said was true, and because IT IS SO OZZIE.
Thanks : I hope you have a wonderful week, and everything goes as you plan!!!:D I love you Austin MahomieTillTheEnd 111
AUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND MAKE MYdoctorQAM COME TRUE
At work.
I hate the snow
I will try that next time i see something cute on karmaloop.
Thanks!
Ok so no ones texting back .
everyone Hates me
The most humiliating way to slap someone is with a handful of butterscotch and confetti.
Weak crowd at citibank field.
Savings Tip  Plug home electronics into power strips and turn power strips off when not in use
One can count on one hand how many Bachelor and Bachelorette couples are still together.
These shows are a joke, but fun to watch!
Pilar Tobias sent you an invitation to connect on Plaxo on December 18th.
That invitation will expire soon!
Follow this link to accept Pil
stadium steps with me tomorrow?
You were the last good thing about this part of town
Well at least you have something going for you
y'all are bad...
In a good way
Both are lacking.
We have a DVD player and are watching The Fighter.
I'm watching Family Guy on my iPad
Sorry I went full retard on my first response.
Got mine about 30 mins ago.
That's the spirit!
Love the new digs but was sad Al was a touch too Vegas revue for me
RDJ making the interview rounds today LOVE
He Bein Mean
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight.
Was so upset..
Goodnight folks!
Got myself an early start tomorrow.
Sweet doctorams!!
The Red Sox first win of the season is against the Yankees.
Damn, that made my day!
OUR GIFT TO YOU: Receive a 10, 20 or 30 gift card with purchase over 50 this weekend only!
See Terms and Conditions for details.
Thank you.
We always have fun :
be your self!
DONT change for NOBODY!
Mother, mother Ocean, I have heard your call.
Wanted to sail upon your waters since I was 3ft tall.
You've seen it all, you've seen it all.
Bachman says she will not negotiate w/ new Taliban office in Qutar.
Staff reminded her she ain't shit and to shut the hell up.
The search for truth is more precious than its possession AE
Varsity banquet dinner with  Abe....
Lmao
cause your friends look good, but you look better ;
I might have a potential conflict, but I'm planning on attending.
Happy Earth Day!
So the answer to saving our kids and stopping terrorism is to stop adults from playing a game online.
lol What a joke!
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.Mark Twain
Hey!
I resent that!
I'm totally approachable.
RT : If you encounter...
any wildlife, please do not approach or disturb.
10factsaboutme 3.I'm gay but so is 50 percent of football players, they just dont come out
I am a fan of Katy Perry.....chick is dope
We wish every mother a very Happy Mother's Day!
Hope all you awesome moms are enjoying yourselves!
RIGHT!!!??
Hah  I just got some super exciting news so was feeling all inspirational!
LOL Have a great one!
Segregated without food and light during their period, Nepali women rebel ...
However lots of ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are vastly more procedures of being dead, or instead not alive.
it has to smell 100,000 times better !!
One fish, two fish, wanna be a big fish?
Then don't sell off your retirement.
Build your alarm company with SSSi Dealer Network.
Build Rmister
One of the best compliments I get, you have a great handshake
My son will be home from University in about 5 hours, not that I am counting....
Allstate as the big winner next year??
going to Miami this wknd, weather  sun and clouds, highs mid 80s, lows in the mid 70s.
Ah...
now to refocus on work for 1.5 more days.
welcome to twitter!
I'm apart of a magazine
hahaa click on connect and in the little bar on the top you can search for people:
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical  560.
560 calories burned.
My mom was Dancing to dubstep earlier ..
Funniest thing EVA.
Chime in w your observations on changing customer behaviors
If you're HRCI certified, join me at LINKEDIN group to post HRCI credit opportunities or see what's there.
NO job postings or requests.
WELL SOMEBODY KILL IT ALREADY
o and one more thing what did u do what u said u will do if u met Alex???
I wanna be teamIPhone i think..
lazy day
Well, if you look at it that way, time travel into the past is...
sort of theoretically possible.
Finished painting my ceiling my mother better like it.
Because I am tired of sitting here.
SOBER, nonetheless.
Read the blog.
U'll learn sumthng new re Reps still respect work of the clergy, yes?
Happy Eastr.
that trailer was crazy.
Thanks for playing Atmosphere before, made my commute this morning :D
When I was in LA last semester, everyone was bending over to get raped by finals, and I too wanted in on that fun.
But I don't have finals.
Sitting on the train and just heard someone's phone go: You've got mail!
Are you kidding me?
AOHeller.
ha I worked at 5am.
quote: I'd go to Red Lobster for some gluten free cheesy biscuits.
That may be the most biracial thing I've ever said
or magnolia so i know.
;
Thanks for following  our first 3 soaps we are creating are Citrus, Lavender and Peppermint.
Can't wait to kick this off!
We're all like weird creatures who stay in and come out and have all these arms and legs.
hey, can I have a free pizza?
RT : Yay for 1300.
Hubby and I adore you.
toes numb.
but its snowing.
i guess its worth it.
Dat chug tower
I think there was a mistake.
It says here, there can be happy endings
Jerry Rice continues to seek treatment in retirement and found it extra helpful during his Dancing with the Stars competition.
where is my puppy?
Cuz I been waitin since last summer honey lol
Chillin' at schoolSpanish class: I can't believe the school year is almost done!
Only 15 more days!:
: you're dumb i am smart enough to know that already.
Home from Pittsburgh.
I think my cat, Maubi, has eaten the other cats...she must be up to 25 lbs, 8 lbs.
more than my daughter...save us.
Fifty largest state and local law enforcement agencies the largest state is New York Police 36,118
This Kony shit is insane, modern day Hitler
GO EAGLES!!
So....who wants to buy me Mass Effect 3 for my birthday?
Had my rueda dance class this evening.
It was so much fun.
It's similar to salsa, but with a twist.
nom nom, what did we get?
Does that come in another color?!
Volumes 17  18 still scheduled to ship to artists and mailing list MidJune!
Stay tuned.
ew I hate the dentist.
Wanna go for me?!
Nickel and diming are such typical Chicago slang, I am that our Havard grad president can't speak better english off the teleprompter.
Thanks for heads up.
Huge crash on Hutch by exit 2  so many emergency vehicles
I'm glad i'm not doing naplan, got a year to practice for it though..
Everyday we make it, we'll make it the best we can jack daniel's
OMG.
YOU ARE AMAZING.
WOW.
New client list :D
Depending On What You Get  Where
thanks Red!!!
Xxoo
FF have a sweet Friday boys :
can i have some lol !!!!
It blows my mind when an ENGLISH MAJOR cannot spell correctly!!
How is that possible??
And you want to be a teacher??
HOW?
Valuing a business is part art and part science.
Warren Buffett
ufconfox fool...
Turning it back and forth to
what is it????
follow my new twittr
you have snow while we roast in the sun in southern California.
I thought Fall was supposed to be chillier.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you.
She is the one.
I need to start running again
Just checked the fantasy baseball standings and it looks like I'm in first again?!
I think we need another jorts bet...
Mom's song!
where are you?
Learn From Yesterday, Live For Today, Hope For Tomorrow.
so am i lol

Contact us for your next Corporate Event, Private Event, Wedding or Bar/Bat MItzvah 
Several weeks ago, 1 of my wndoctorul librarian RSS feeds gave listed sites that create better charts than .xls Anyone remember that link?
Time for bed.
Congrats to the amazing cast of Can I Really Date A Guy Who Wears A Yarmulke!
Well done y'all!
fully agree, man.
Even if it is solely a 2.
Need defense this offseason.
Would give Packers 4 of top 100 in the
is coming too?
Getting ready to volunteer at ForKids Art Auction tonight in Norfolk
When folks say Springs does that include Manitou?
Or are they referring just to Co Springs?
This template is inadequate to my needs.
RT : here in Orlando at nasstrac just announced  record breaking attendance.
Should be a good couple days.
Just passed house 
Starting with Step 1 of the SmartChart goal, mission and objectives
this.
Get on that.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
Mahatma Gandhi
Ok I just followed hella people back sorry so late just dnt be on twitter much.
this couldn't be more true.
RT: If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit end on a call, I would have no friends.
Now Rep.
Benson is attacking gambling expansion in Vikings stadium.
Gonna be dopes up on pain killers and orajel for the next couple of days hopes its not a cavity never had one before :
Marry Ann's fajitas 
jealoushands RT : this record is unbelievable
It's hard to believe how such a loud noise can come out of such a small baby LoudFarts!!!
haha, watching the vow in a few mins.
fun time  Thank you :
got evaluated today, little more serious than they thought.
Titanium plate, screws for 46 weeks.
Surgery Friday morning
Tomorrow and I are premiering our movie 'We Are Broken'!!!
6 months of hard work all leading up to this day!!!
Thanks for the retweet Dave!
going to see TheAvengers!!
:D
A laff trac?
In this day and age?
aytv?im,c
NEW HOODIES  CREW NECKS AVAILABLE NOW!!!!
Ohh ohh Ohh nd i PrayForJapan i just cant sleep 2nite knowing the things aint right its in the papers its on the tv its everywhere tht i go
Alone time IS great..
I literally am NEVER alone!
Haha
Saving trees and teaching manners in style!
Your child will love these napkins from Fabkins and you will love the price!
Only 11 from...
when you look up a venue it shows you who is there.
I've been thinking some about your missionary comment.
I come from a long line of missionaries.
Judge if you want.
Working on saa11 s408 pres on Collections Access Project.
I guarantee title slide alone will be worth cost the of admission.
RT Chinese baby flesh capsules seized in S.
Korea?
What sucks is American companies are never going to be able to compete on price
Pretty sure that french fries and an oreo mcflurry for lunch is only acceptable bc I'm prego.
Hitting this chick up be the best decision today...
Prom ?
Awesome.
We leave on Saturday evening.
I'm too excited.
Naomi is going to go dark when she meets a real princess!
hit up she does email blasts to djs might be able to get u on the radio!!!
amazing day in St.
Augustine for Regionals with Lisa Kostka!
She is such a amazing mentor for Motives!!
why don't you shut up about it!!!
i can go for hours about that subject lol
Here we go...
Belle was here iloveyousarah !
; So tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love 33
hello bro.
Miss you!:
Headed to for Taco Tuesday soon!
i love you rather your number one, or number one million one.
you're always number one in my book !
Today feels like a Sgt Pepper day
My pleasure!
ah.
We WILL be there.
Haha
: I know but bored beyond so doctorssed makeup on  in my parked car deciding wth to do
follow me back I was the singer sendin u the songs on fb
Another great reason to use LED bulbs there is no Infrared or Ultraviolet output, so no harmful radiation to the human body!!
Marc Bousquet talking at 2011ASA about headless schools, teacherrun public schools.
Lincoln bound.
Arrived in Oxford Junction, Iowa.
Sleeping  community center 2night.
Video update will b uploaded when i have wifi.
PSN is going back on in wensday!:
It's lovely!
A watched paper is never delivered.
Fuck everything anyone can take from me.
VIDEO WORLD WIDE!!!!!
Blessed weekend everyone..
can't take this anymore.
What a way to end the week!
Not only is today Fridaythe13th, it's also National Kiss Day.
Lend a smooch to your superstitious pups!
great coverage of the game thanks

Weigh your option..
just NEVER forget about the bacon again.
Loved part 1 of Breaking Dawn felt so inspired
aw : eleanor, you are so gorgeous!
you're welcome!
; it's because you're an awesomely grounded person!
Stila waterproof smudge sticks are the best liner they glide on with no tugging or pulling!
Love love love it they come in so many colors .
WHAT THE HELL
You'd better be hungry, Beaverton!
We're setting up shop until 2:30PM.
Hope you like your tamales hot!
Happy Thanksgiving
I can't sleep.
Had to take Motherinlaw to the airport at 4am and work starts in morning time today, running on coffee now.
the trick with indie music comes in when one defines indie either as a style of music or in major/minor label/licensing terms...
I took 12 pages of notes at my committee meeting!
Now I have to read that Minuteswriting book to format them.
No matter what I will always find the strength.
RT : Hey guys just got the inside scoop: Artopia tickets are 12 until noon, otherwise they are 20 at the door.
RT : JUST ANNOUNCED pt 3: Presents Simmer Down Sunday 5/27  Brandon James  The Middle City...
cool, where at?
MerchantServices Every small non professort today has to fight for their share of the donation dollar.
There is another way...
Nintendo 3ds spot pass is awesome!
Some people make some weird miis...
technology
Oh of course.
If those are along the same lines, I may be interested in reading them, though.
I say old, yet LOTR is like 70 now.:
well said!!
MT : 1st black presidentHealth care reformDADTBin LadenDOMA Equal paySamesex marriage endorsement.
Best prez, ever?!
Wrapping party with the Luvvers for our two families
I gotta go to the store before work
I'm so glad!
Yoga can really work wonders for body soul and mind!
just start with vivalastool and you will be all good
The only consistent thing in life is Change.
Why is this hard to understand?
i will always be in love with you.
lol tosa is too.
You ask me the whole city of milwaukee prejudice.
Statistics prove that.
Milwaukee the most segergratedcity
Guh, who wants to cook on Sundays?
Take it easy and order something tasty, like our infamous Sybil's Breakdown pizza.
Its
wow...
Not gonna make any friends that way.
Hahahaha keep doing work all day son!!!
We see you!!
OMG INSTANT FOLLOW what's his twit name?
i been writing since, 11:40 till now..still ain't ate..
Congrats to the 8 Nat'l TLMeet quarter finalists!
Wallace side: U.
of Washington, UPenn, Villanova, Northwestern!
I am officially done with Keke Palmer.
Lol
ageold tech just became easier.
I make an account under anyone's name, write things online, thus tarnish their rep
When is online  51.6k fans are trying to get a follow from him.
yea I have NOCHANCE of a follow back :'c
Oh my god, Rebecca Black wants too duet with Justin Bieber.
Perhaps she doesn't know that Justin made fun of her Friday song, hahah..
Election Day is November 2, 2010 this year  Vote 2DC on FriskyRadio,12pm EST,5pm GMT,9am PST  Anything else would be Uncivilized...BOOM!!!
Who's the guy with you?
Today, Dean reads the SagePresence book for the first time after being turned by the editor.
Excited!
Will report.
Me, you and Jon should chill on Friday!
I Love you too 3
Totally understandable.
Will do!
I wish.
Lunch is over I missed my opportunity.
If I get one on the way home, it will be too late  I'll be up all night.:
Seeing so many 'American Craft Beer Week' badges earned !
hey babygirl hope things are ok miss u
Well that was a fail..
Lol
Just made grilled salmon w/steamed veggies, only to discover that my dinner for two has now turned into dinner for one.
Hmm....
I hope so.
is this the New Zealand project?
watching tree of life...what.
a.
downer.
shesh
I want to Thank God for this beautiful day and delicious lunch...oh wait, I thought this was Facebook
thanks for following!
Be sure to also follow too!
Why should your customers buy from you?
What do you do better than your competition?
Is it just price?
Tell them why and do it quickly
OMG, hilarious!
I do!
Party like it's 2000
We've always believed in taking care of customers the way we would want to be served.
6786535425
yeaa my mentions are dead.
dope!
Go Bills!
RT Just found out I'll be a buffalo bill
um, is this THE tom cummings?
:
hah funny you say that im only 17 here and i walk like one lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY RAY!!!
3
/// Lol.....Wade always blows the game.
Coyotes get your mind right.
Awww Austin!!!
You were soo cute!!: well you still are!;
Though he has both Arizona and Colorado in The Next Four Out so that doesn't make any sense...
Dayyam!!!
Bieber is bad luck!
Great talk on how to use Facebook in targeting your sales audience www.BMCTalkShow.com
middle school relationships
WANT HEALTHIER, LONGER HAIR?
VISIT WWW.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Today's hbrchat sounds fab.
Wish I had time to participate!
OK, that is the first time I've smiled  and laughed  TONIGHT.
Thanks, Bobby!
Enjoyed the Good Word  seeing so many familiar faces at my childhood Church Anniversary today.
It was like a Family Reunion!
iRememberWhen i used to love being on the phone 24/7
8 Believe in yourself.
Donald Trumps rules of success.
Rule 9 coming in 4 hours.
Give, and it shall be given to you.
For whatever measure you deal out to others, it will be dealt to you in return.
Look for the girl with a broken smile.
Rays use infield shift successfully on Peralta, even with runners on first and second.
yep.
Line moving slowly
Love doctorving around with
Charismatic snakes.
R u comin
RT : Excited!
No better way to watch TheHungerGames than in luxury!
How was your day?:
Indeed!
: My 3yrold sings her own cover of Seal's I Have Been Waiting For You.
She's pretty good.
Well right now I am watching him sing Neyo So Sick..
Back in 2007 :' I am soo proud
Give thanks to God for the small things so that you can appreciate the big things
Great show today Stan!
Did you know the average women smiles 62 times a day?
Thanks for following me back.
I would like to learn how to be act someday.
3333
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 34:26 with Nike GPS.
I'm not allowed to get an industrial piercing..
sad lol
I'm watching tv, and my DAD just stands right in front of the tv to ask me what I want for dinner.
JUST MOVE AND GET ME SOME FOOD.
Happy Milf's Day!
My pockets are the only things bigger than my ego.
just read this on Facebook.
2.01?
Dude that is motoring!
Can someone explain to me what a day off is?
RT : QD: What do chefs do their days off?
Peyton did you like our poster we made for you !?21:
alrighty!
i'll check him out and try to work something out!
:
Startupism 2012 was off the hook  cheers to for making it happen!
Tell a baby to talk to the hand.
Mortgage Rates Recover Appreciably From Yesterday's Weakness
I think Im back...lol, at least for now...lol
On my remote, the Previous Channel button is located too close to the Alyssa Milano Uses Wen Haircare button.
Haha!!!
your nickname is soon to come.
RT : pee we!!!!!
I'm definitely on a rollercoaster right now...good thing I like surprises :
Baby kittens do the cutest shit :3
Floyd Mayweather caries around a duffle bag with a million bucks in it at all times
Jason derulo is only 21 ...
:O wow.
THIS SUNDAY BE THERE !!!!!
Location: Front of trophy club Time: 7:45pm sunday the 18th Description: Holiday FLASH MOB
thanks for the rt
Hey there sugar face!!
add me on natskey
Thanks for the ff !
Righton!
Come up and say hey.
I think its 8pm at the Living Room on Ludlow in NYC!
An Kendoctorck Perkins ninja kicked d wade
CorpPersonhood: It's neither male nor female, doesn't breathe or eat, cant be enslaved, cant give birth, can live forever..
Thomm Hartman
Sonny's for Breakfast!
YaY!
Hawks tix.
10th row.
Yeah buddy.
At the hospital with my sister in law waiting for my nephew to come out
I just feel like I'm about to go insane.
Master your mindset and you will master your life!
haha its okay, thanks!:
Law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/1/11 from 10am2pm at UC Riverside's Rivera Library Walkway
Thanks!
See you there.
RT : The lineup of speakers for WebAfternoon is nothing short of freakin' impressive.
Kudos !
We love you guys.
We already want you to come back for the fall planting season!
Don't have Amy's number, sorry.
:
I don't know if all five will see consistent action; I am guessing Redman and Rainey will get most of the work.
I WANT WINS!
LOL WONDERING AROUND IN THE DARK DEPTHS OF MY ROOM.
Not sure what to do this afternoon.
Maybe I should start Black Ops.
WhenIGoToBedIThinkAbout my crush, and what it would be like If we were Together, and thinking about if he likes me or not
nailed it.
Quote of the night from YOBI Live probably has to be left me hanging like a booger
So fucking sick of school...
Tweetahs!
Start your day with flavor  dance to your own funky theme song like its your birthday!
Shake it like you just don't care!
Woohoo!
Officially have a job!
i thought it'd never happen
I'm happy to be home, resting on the best couch in the San Francisco Bay Area, maybe even the whole world.
We'd make a fortune, Cookie!
love you, babygirl.
I need a day with you and soon!
hahaha, I see Whatcha did there;
FB RT: Leonard Cohen recites a verse in this ad for Sony 3D TV.
On my way to the SagAftra Rally
Three cheers for show choir chat:
Agreed.
Perfect champs.
Same to you!
Thanks for the mention!
:
Hey I'm stupid jk it's nelis here checking up on you since I forgot your Facebook password...love you bunches Xoxo
Counting down the days 'til UFC 146?
You know we are!
Saturday May 26.
I love that movie so much, I'm actually doctornking out of the tangled cup.
lol only jonas
In History......You cares about dead people?!
They were here, they are gone!
End of story!
hungry......
hmm, what sounds good?
lol
good afternoon.
Ill be happy offer u some free advice.
If I may ask, what's wrong with ur Mac?
CelebritySpouses.net is working on the private invite only community to be launched this summer.
Just tapped White Oak.
Come and get it!
Check out the Daily Planner on Facebook to see what you can do today to enjoy life to the fullest.
One forgives to the degree that one loves
My sister just got her license!
Yes
think you need more basic because your attitude still kinda sucks lol
Will be impersonating a perpetual motion machine for the next week
All32Grammy accepted songs released by Simon Thunder,Dylan Thunder, Ian Thunder,Oxygen DetonationSuicide Or Famous r on sale iTunesAmazon!
It's on tonight.
When he will sit through a full chick flick and not complain and/or fall asleep
Just got three pairs of steve maddens for less than 100 bucks
Great show!
Also caught Our Song.
Yoou've captainred the attn of my 14yr old.
KUDOS!
I gotta take off my twit feed.
I can only handle so much douchey musician talk in a day.
Testdoctorve this sweet new axe WTF?
Don't you hate it when you forget to bring a pen to your office away from the office?
So...
It's bike to work week.
Anyone carpool?
super lol...
How u been lil mama?
Trying to import a valid EAD into AT w/ Win 7 but getting error message?
Rightclick on AT program appl and select 'run as administrator'
Good morning :
I'm so obsessed with country Music and everyone in Cincy hates it!
:
If marriage is between a man and a woman, cause god made it that way, then why did god make gay people?
Think about it and stfu.
Happy 4th of July weekend to all!!
Morning u too!: HEi
Oh how I'll need a Bud after this day.
I'm starting to think Budweiser is to life like Gatorade is to a workout
damn you are hipster
No matter how busy or your circumstances, Stay in the hunt!
You're so welcome!
Here any time.
sagradhunt is a favorite topic of mine.
Gave a presentation on it earlier this year!
Awesome.
I feel like crap today.
Teachers  Need a holiday themed award generator?
Check out our Be Merry badge generator...
: You can never talk to God too many times in the day.
thoseatrthebestconvos
I've never watched an episode of the Bachelor or the Bachelorette.
:o
What's something good that happened to you this weekend?
I Can't With Lizard!
the people at ur foundation agree...
They go above and beyond.
Thank you
tornado warning issued for San Mateo, Half Moon Bay.
Wow!
Already seeing wacko weather here in SF.
20ThingsAboutMe 16.
I know more things about Austin and Justin then I know about myself 3
Happy Birthday
MUAHAHAHAHAHA, yeah maybe JBC debating right now where to watch!
Fantastic!
We're kind of jealous.
Would love to hear updates on how the tour goes.
also the number of times he's whined about not having a Nubian slave to rub his feet is really appalling
They have FIFA12 for iPhone?
I'm getting that fo sho.
Hi Caroline   hope you're well.
Just saying hi.
;
OK, Monday, I don't like you, and you don't like me.
But can we space out the prelunch crises a little bit?
K, thx.
I washed both car today now I'm tired as fuck
The guy in the photo is a dendoctorchronologist from The Laboratory of Tree Ring Research at the University of Arizona.
Who knew?
Very true!
But frustrating...
been waiting for that bus for ages!
Another beautiful, cold sunny, morning in Pittsburgh.
This WI girl is getting spoiled by this weather.
love is blind.
how u gonna say you want someone to produce n write your entire EP but u say ur broke n u cant barter nuffin...
Take it to lunch tomorrow I really wanna see it!
.
It was great to see how many people came out.
People are ready for a common sense, responsible Senate Nov8.
Are you?
Just seen a dude wit a eatersunday buttonup shirt on
what are your choices to pick from?
Next thing you know, Bonner's going to start wearing a headband.
that was the worst undercard fight ever!
Hello Andy, Your blog post on never writing anything again made me smile.
Thanks for that and for the follow.
Nina
I guess your imac could have a career in modeling!
lol  Thanks again!
In brief, our production application maintained in SVN with a mainline and project branches.
fair enough.
:p.
Have a great day 3
Tim's gonna have Dan Rusanowsky on the air this afternoon to talk about today's game against Chicago.

The governor of Kansas declared a state of emergency yesterday after being ripped apart by a Golden Tornado.
done c:
Come to 5th and SW Salmon!
End corporate greed!
scms12 I'm having a book signing for my book, The Maltese Touch of Evil, in Pairings.
Stop by to say hi  have a glass of wine
Is it possible to catch the webinar later today?
Awake: coffee time!!..
Christina Aguilera is from Pittsburgh but I dont think she tells anyone lol at least Wiz Khalifa is proud of the Burgh!
This is what democracy looks like...
boom.
Watching the tonight tonight video on mtv hits by
Can't figure out Cadougan.
Makes a great play and then a boneheaded play.
Guy's all over the place.
Just another brainless halfwit.
Just a warbling Paul Gascoigne.
Here today gone tomorrow it's quotes like this that keep me going
Happy Hanukkah everyone!
May God richly bless u with miracle blessings over the next 8 days!
It is the Miracle Season!
Happy Hanukkah!!
no :...just a blackberry and an ipod with no internet connection.
Thanks for the offer though!
You're a good friend.
: Priscilla of Boston is celebrating 65 years in the bridal gown industry!
Come in between now  4/25 for 20 off ANYTHING!
Please start checking the manly looking shemales for nips, and tucks!
is live on Twitter!
All Fla has is 3s.
If they go cold, they r toast
We're your DATE NIGHT headquarters!
Crap.
It's so disappointing and disheartening.
ah gotta love 4am out of town transfers...
Lol...
I love my job...
:
Don't forget to set monthly goals, and have a plan to be able to set aside some time to get them done.
Doors in 30 mins.....Get to Palm Door....GO Go gO!!!!
Why do I have to be so shy with my older siblings?!
lol 
Omg My love Only for Boyfriendvideo Could not be more excited.
RT if you're excite!!!!!!
There is always new doctorma at my damn school
Word...HBT for the summer?
Turn passive customers into active, engaged customers with RTOREWARDS.
We do Rent To Own Customer Loyalty.
www.clientrocket.com/rto
Chips and Queso
ah yes, that's always a weird feeling.
I think even weirder is when they start having babies...
Fantastic day at Columbia today.
Zanker, WardPerkins, LaRocca...
Beautiful mix of archeology, romanticism and scholarship.
I feel buffeted by a verbal storm.
Do u need a resume for your interview?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
AWESOME!
I love goodoctorads and am glad to have shown the light to another.
The Complete Arch.
of Alder  Sullivan should keep you busy over the holidays!
Thanks for the kind words on our benefit!
Me and eddy road have a bad relationship cuz of that intersection thing.
I always end up on superior..
Except for this time
Watching the Marlins vs Giants!!!
I hope we win!!!
haha I don't regret it but my brother still won't open his lol
Great, see you then  bring friends!
So cute!!
Instagram is stupid as hell.
thanks for the
It's a soup kind of day.
if it's money rain, absolutely.
Today MOCA Specials: Soups are Lentil and Tomato.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
At the ice cream bar :
Are you relevant?
saw them there 6 or 7 years agogreat show.
Modeler's master weapon is FRBR, tho Gotham citizens disagree on what it does.
Citizens get trapped in logical rabbit holes.
Finding a good graphic designer to help you with branding is essential.
Potential clients can learn a lot about your style from a good logo
Amazing weather today in DC!
herp der ha ha!
RT facepalm Follow for tweets from confused people who are RIP ing Wikipedia
lol your stupid.
:P
to follow
FF Friday the 13th Follow to Check out their podcasts too!
I've started saying Y'all?
I have no idea how it got in to my vocabulary.
I have a bunch of free passes to Fast Five and Brides Maids, if you want to give some out.
hipsterscience tells us that academic papers are way too mainstream consider tweeting your work.
Way more authentic that way.
wow, amazing, amazing photos.
Worth the trip...
Great news!
RT: Black Expo just announced Geoffrey Canada of the Harlem Childoctorns Zone will be keynote speaker this year.
listen to your son he knows what he is talking about..
Smart young man...
Burning the midnight oil ...
Apparently traveling all day means working all night.
When I am healed, I am not healed alone.
ACIM
When you go home tell your mom I said hi.
Work from Home really means, eat everything in my pantry.
Paul Lambert is the man LFC should be talking to.
We're down to our last 1/3 roll of toilet paper...
in college that would've lasted me another week.
In my house with 4 women...
chaos.
Thanks.If they want to save  an keep using the same, Fivefingers are perf.
doctor out fast when racing, washable  we have them.
I'm looking forward to heading to Alan branch's tournament in Desoto Texas and the Great American shootout in Duncanville this weekend
When did it become socially acceptable to wear pajamas to lunch?
After seeing The Avengers, I've determined Black Widow needs her own movie.
I am so jealous.
The misters library is closed on Sundays during the summer.
I need help setting my vcr timer, i want to tape snow
yuckk why's it so gloomy outside?
work 12close.
m MGD delicious;
It's too bad you prob have that Gov't run health care, you might have to wait a few days to see a doctor from what I hear.
So pissed at that cliff hanger
Even if you are sitting on a gold mine, you still gotta dig!
Joseph McClendon I
ippudo, lower east side
sO much lOve!
can't wait for the day we're all reunited!
stay strong, my SJL's
Performing at Branded Saloon this Saturday from 910 in bk
This weather needs to stop playin!
I'm burnin up out here in this damn coat!
I'm never doctornking with any of you again....
ever
oh gosh.
Skipped ballet to go to sexy Latin dancing class in the east side atx  so worth it!
Need to work on my shimmy for next week!
Just go ahead and put your man card back in your purse where it belongs.
;
True Born Records q
I'm notorious in that department lol
just got some good news!
HAIR of Desire FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR BBM 2743D555.
33
Jason is now the director of the EVL, with three associate directors under him.
Your wasting my time so come back when your worth it
Josh Turner.
Aghhhh!
3 Marry me?
onthe way with son and toys in tow
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Lao Tsu
My Heart's a Stereo, meaning douche bags with ponytails brag about its fidelity.
Gawd, remember how long it used to take to download things?
Good Morning!
It's nice that Rip is looking good, we'll need him as Rose gets back to health.
Awinisawin, come postparty and watch the Cubs/Phils!!
o.o
Just pretended to be sleep lmao
Right about Henry Aaron.
Listen to next time you are in town.
I cant wait for the pirates games this summer.
Even though they kinda suck.
Movies with the family!
Avengers was a pretty good flick!
Dallas  san antonio in most ways but not in mexican foor or basketball!
Had so much at the photo shoot today
Thank you!
And I will post pics for sure!
:
hey guys!
Hope we can work together and make a fun video to show how delicious Firehouse subs are.
Let me know :
Every Thursday is Mother's Day on the TJMS!
Tune in right now to hear today's Thursday Morning Mom!
This Day in History: Diver Greg Louganis won gold in the springboard competition at the 1988 Olympics.
What are your childs Olympic doctorams?
bird wisom ;v budgies are not to be envied.
they are prisoners of the humans
Online Video Content Pioneer Revision3 In Acquisition Talks With ...
you never ask my point of view 
Looking at the elbow by Artest, im going with a 50/50 split Harden half flopped it, and Artest half thugged it.
I'll be in the blu ray extras!
;
Thanks for the follow.
Happy holidays!
Good!
Nothing like true Texas hospitality!
I am not going to have time to study Americas tonight, ugh!!
yes u should :
someone is watching gameday.
RT Hey!
IN PLAY RUN
I do not regret staying up for that ending.
It was worth it for Braun's indignant bat flip.
Teachin Da Bro How 2 Play Keyboard  He Looked At Me And Said Piano Fun!.
Lol
Poking through 's blog.
Am totally jealous.
Note to self: create a killer blog.
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw you in person
We believe in it too, and that's why we're bringing prayers to mobile phones.
Please see www.birdofprayer.org .
Good luck w/ exams
Thanks Chris!
Was looking at some old posts on my old Facebook.
I miss how things use to be.
So much.
Off to St.
Liam's!
Because, apparently, my muscles hate my nerves.
what's the URL?
Big congrats to txd pals on NAVY PIER!
Directed by and featuring !
Kudos!
Shaking her jelly cuz this her jam?
Wtf?
They'll play anything on the radio smh!
Listenninq to Frank Ocean Thinking bout you
Its Me.
Its My Insecurities.
RT : RT : People who easily and frequently blush is a likely sign of them being a great lover.
At LGA headed to Houston for the 8th Annual Texas Salsa Congress!
An ugly 4th quarter for the Cats but we'll take the win.
Phew.
At least he knows.
RedSox RT : Beckett on booing: I pitched like.
Smart fans
Re BritishEmbassy attack the Obama urges Iran to prosecute offenders yet he pardons every crook in Washington  WallStreet.
Go figure.
I hate the way she talks to me frfr
Thanks for following!
I look forwad to reading your tweets!
I think Colton is getting too big for his britches...
I also want and need someone to talk to..
Preferably my best friend 
Thank you for that RIVETING salt dome report!
THE END IS NIGH!
What's interesting with lack of positive investment returns how are pension funds and ins companies keeping up with the future assumptions
Third set has begun!
doctormmer Jeremy Cunningham swinging hard on My Shining Hour right now!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
We love you Lindsey, oh yes we do!!
But you perfect for me RT Nobody's perfect
youre not american if you dont like mexican food
CORR: ., House Dems to hold presser tomorrow at 11:30 a.m.
on Republicans 1 yr anniv leading House w/o jobs agenda
Building new beds, painting  mulching this am w volunteers at Marion St Garden the transformations keep coming!
Hubs cooked a mean steak on the grill.
mucho better than a restaurant.
Since isn't following me yet!
Then that sure ain't winning!!!!
thataintwinning : 
if you are a doctorg queen, and you have doctorma....please leave me out of it.
Fix your lashes and move on.
I dislike politics to the core....
But most, if not all of the things Obama is promoting just make sense....
Common sense.
My fave New Year tradition: reading 12 onion peels to predict the yr's weather
I have not fucking slept.
awesome.
both our names...cept he has disappeared off the face of the earth
!!!!
Who pulling a allnighther wid me
Mix at least I have lady gaga to pass the time
you can simply write to our enrollment coordinator to request a receipt.
Her email is
you're welcome for the follow :
im so unmotivated to study for this exam.
think my brain already went on break.
I've done that twice already
I swear I attract the most desperate ones, WTF....
LOL
Well I'm beat, about to get something to doctornk at the Westin.
Still one of the more impressive things I see high school kids do is shoot low 70shigh 60s and manage a golf course like it's nothing.
I am so sad I missed this year.
Perfect weather, too!
Next year, for sure.
Does anyone have a favorite kabocha squash recipe?
THE MIND CREATURES/LITTLE doctorGON SHOW LAST NIGHT CRUSHED FACE!!
THANKS TO A GREAT CROWD!
Having a lot of relatives at Xmas time.....that you don't talk to all during the year.....really does suck!
Happy Easter!
We are closed today, but we will reopen tomorrow at 11:30am with all your favorite flavors!
See you tomorrow.
Fucc its cold outside
TALENT SHOW IN 1  A HALF HOURS.
I love you : it's been 6 great years : RT : Today marks the 6th year with Thanks for everything honey...
: Tom Crean always looks like he just ate something really spicy, and is trying to pretend he didn't.
cc:
Just got a reminder for my Holiday Gifts class at the !
SO excited!
Saw your audition and it was SO good!
Congrats to you!!
Thanks so much for the compliment!
I'm glad you're enjoying FiftyShades!
This American Life live event starts in 10 min!
Daughter  bf going too  college.
Family fun!!
We are celebrating CincodeMayo with a long run this morning.
What are your plans?
Father, today I surrender every area of my heart, mind and life to u Have Your way in me.
Do Your will in my life.
Mississippi St is actually called Jackson St, lemme know who they do my female roommate.
Dumb and No I will not...
LMAO.
THATS EXACTLY WHAT I THOUGHT.
Just as everyone predicted, 34 games into the 2012 season, the Pittsburgh Pirates have a better record than the Boston Red Sox.
Suffering from syndoctorme: complete inability to motivate myself to write a paper....
the simplest of papers at that
On my way to a Mexican Bar'mitzvah, doctorssed as Zoro!
Undel'A
You're damn right!
im following u now : follow back ?
: and i like ur name by the way :
Cleaning and packing up old unused stuff.
Sad to let this old stuff go, even if I hadn't seen it in 10 years
government test tuesday, psych test next thursday, then as a senior I'M FREE
wow!!
Like your new Avator.
Up feeding new stray kitten, checked twitter!
There you are!
Hope all is good with u and yours!!
:
im panting HOLY CHEEZNIPS
For sure!
Looking forward to it!
God speaks, comforts, and affirms when a believing best friend calls.
Thankful for this morning.
THAT'S HOW I WANT IT!
Bo Ryan basketball
Someone text me!
:
Today.I notice love everywhere I go.
I give extra love to my inner child.
I love myself first and everything else falls into place,
I love clingmans.
It makes me feel like I'm at home.
That's awesome!
We need more Christians who will be nice to people.
Imagine that.
haha is that relly true cause if it is thats hilarious follow?
reply?
This is extreeeemly late, but yes, I changed my handle.
Less confusing, ey?
Miss you, mucho.
Low point in local news: Fungus Wednesday on Chicago NBC station with pictures of, yes, mushrooms.
Why oh Lord is this on my television?
So many things running through my mind can't really sleep smh
Our rentals are updated!
Check them out on our professorle or our site...www.txcv.com!
Come check out America's 3rd coast!
I'm awake oh man.
I got butterfly's from been so excited!
Such a gorgeous sunny blue sky morning :
you coach High school soccer right?
there is a chance that both won't be busts man.
ah!
gottcha !
so you were referring to yourself ; Who's the lady !
You can DM me if you don't wanna go public !
I am V discreet
He who controls the news media, rules the world.
Something big is about to happen tomm, catch me at MIA with !!
DON'T be tweeting your texts!!
Fuck, shit, fuck!!
hanging out with Jenna and Lindsey....
Just determined ur in trouble if I am not at home opener with u!
85  sunny in New Orleans!
Relaxing in City Park  keeping up with WI election day!
Vote and !!
The piano is safely moved to the other room, tuner comes Tuesday...ah.
oops!
I can on Monday.
No Photoshop at home.
I just thought that was fancy cocktail doctorsslayering.
trust me they are hard..
Pay day!
Nurturing a secret idea.
Starting to feel like I have a direction again.
It's nice.
Thanks!
It's a freeforall on some parts of Ashland near Cortland.
Ciao, ciao!
Hope all is well in DC.
Cheer on the Caps for me tomorrow if you can!
OMG...
Weck's?
Why have I not been eating your food everyday?
This stuff is amazing!!!
chicks together will stick it to ya feather
AW RT : thanks!!!
You're always beautiful : and imym!
haha ok sounds good!!
Whatever works for you girl :
YOU'RE SO PERFECT AND I LOVE YOU AND YOUR NEW SONG OMFG ASDFGHJKL.
Good job Austin : 3333
What is everyone doing for SXSW?
its like you robbed the junk aisle at your local filipino store lolz
hi.
How are you today?
Today's sermon: God's Love is: Uninfluenced, Unending, Unlimited, Unchanging, Unmerited.
My fav: Unmerited.
TWSS.
And, too late.
That was really funny!
And, completely true.
I'm pretty sure she went to my house, saw all of that happening,  made a video.
Nothing like a little Rock Lobster to jam to at 230 am to help get ya thru Los Angeles.
Exactly!
I was just thinking I'd hate to be recruiting and managing employee engagement/retention
After disconnecting myself from the social media world this past weekend..I am officially now back in the game.
Happy Monday, tweeps.
There's no record of Einstein having ever said it, despite the attributions.
Pickled sausage and skoal rich blend?
You sir have bad taste
good luck to all the writers on the verge submitters!
Did you get a haircut?
In the chasing the sun behind the scenes and on top of the empire state building it looks different.
Rum, rhum, arrack, cachaa....
What's your favorite sugarcane byproduct?
I'm making my first video on my own, so want to just submit it privately but that would be wrong at least wrong to me
Me to.
And I agree the music is way to mellow.
I can't wait.
Haven't been able to concentrate all day waiting.
They are only my Brewers when they win!
I am a fickle fan!!
:
If u havent heard say something yet, pls do.
Bcos u'll be missing out bitches.
Awkward moment when my grandma sings along to 1D..
You, Nebraska, And I.
What do they call trapeze artists who swing from the long fabric like in crique du soleil?
p.s.
you can reward yourself w/rocks later.
Night everyone.
Congrats to all the HEAT fans, I'm sure most all of you are bangwagon's anyway.
It's just one of those weeks :
Thanks!
Glad to have you on board!
either of you willing to speak with a public history student for 20 mins next week abt your work?
what up dude
Morning exams are the worst x.x think I did well though...
what the hell tumblr adds...well this is new
omg right...how funny
Early morning, April 4, shot rings out in the Memphis sky.
Free at last, they took your life; they could not take your pride.
Is Right wing nut job name calling to be barred from the show?
Please discuss
Nicely done.
I think metta world peace just collided w/ diane keaton or a lookalike game
Thanks for following.
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all!
TC's apply.
sorry to miss your tweet this morning.
Hope the event raised lots of  for breast cancer research.
It's ABeautifulDay forYoga
Heading to my 3rd bootcamp of the week with !
Let's do it.
done ran out ppl too trust
I know my big bro is happy the Broncos got Manning.
Lets see what happens
Odds makers have money on locust delay next.
Who is ur favorite artist performing on d Show?
Freddie McgregorMarcia GriffithsYellowmanLeroy SibblesLil JohnCharlie ChaplinprofessorNuts
aw hell to the nawww!
smh
Don't miss the EAC Lecture Series TODAY, October 1st, 3:15 p.m., Wilson 301: Can a Buddhist Be a Skeptic?
Dev is such an ahole.
God is working things out for me, even when I don't feel it.
I keep my faith strong  always be grateful.
Catering to the less fortunate has plum tuckered me out.
Don't remember exact details, they were on stage together and most of the time got to respond.
as long as I get to be there for my best friend to keep her strong I'm good on whatever :
I'm stoked to have one of the best QBs of alltime in Denver!
But I also believe in  predict he will win an SB.
woohoo!
Those cocktails look amazing.
some of my favorite writing inspiration comes from my boys observations of the world.
I love how he sees things.
D
He is taller than you !!!!
read your post about asynch convo on twitter.
think i mostly agree.
been experimenting with a specified chat here, but...
Phillip Phillips.
What a stupid name.
Come on
Sometimes it has to be done : Yeah I am the douchebag blasting DMB behind you in traffic!
doctornking too much
still using homegrown ERM
My Tweetcaster widget just disappeared....
What's that about 
yea.
Well this isnt facebook...
Give childoctorn a voice.
If you do you will give them a world of options
Want us to just add 13th Annual PABUG Conference in our Conference and Events category?
thinkin bout Friday!!
:
THX to all business today, 5 of all our Wed sales go to Project Transitions!
Next Wed, the last in March for them.
Gather stuff now!
Happy New Year 2012!
May you have a Healthy, Wealthy and Prosperous year!
People in the house...
can't watch Smash...
hate it!
Taco truck, Burgerville or mikes doctorve in?
Perm Positions Available  Cisco, VMware, and EMC  Are you looking or interested in hearing more detail?
We need to talk!
704.342.7982 o
The Never Ending Eye...
love the quote RT Does experience help?
No!
Not if we are doing the wrong things.
W.E.
Deming
Tell that to my wet and cold feet!
:
you spelled cold wrong g
i gotta ask...does your hatred of the Spurs stem cuz Duncan didn't give you an autograph back in the day???
Ah I have to miss 4/20!
First time in atleast 6 years...
Fuck me!
Fighting Temptations 
Can not express how thankful I am for everyone that helped w/ Gala!
The MOST AMAZING VOLUNTEERS EVER!
THANK YOU!!!!!!
Tired of your broken down business phone system?
Upgrade today for FREE , visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 8730447
1900 Photo of 612 N.
Broadway Yonkers, NY.
Spectacular Victorian craftsmanship.
Even a matching horse stable.
www.VictorianSource.com
Something About Javon Daddy
aw :' I'll bring you some next time honey bun.
any chance you'll have Trump on the podcast?
I'm kind of excited for first block..
Too bad got kicked out for good.
My rangers timeline is all proud of their 7 run lead over a 1619 team.
Royals did that with an 8 run cushion.
PREPARE FOR A 2 GAME SWEEP
Goals in writing are doctorams with deadlines.
good....use extra amount so itll go away quicker..i need to see you tomorrow!
I use to sleep in until like 12.
Yep, those days are over.
do u graduate this year!?
Preparing for battle against square brackets in archival description.
So, What is the True Purpose of TIME?
It's so that everything does not have to happen all at once  doctor Noah H.
Kersey, PhD
no instagram for andoctorid yet?
:
Follow the get money rules.
They work pimp!
Have so much enjoyed and learned from the research over these months for my Oprah/Faulkner essay
Jazzed to present 'Managing Your Digital Footprint'  PLU for another great summer program for 11th  12th graders!
Congrats to Justin Hoffman in Ottawa!
the answer / Snuzit.
Ask for Snugitz, Stopitz,  Rigitz  your local BT a Jethro Exclusive!
I just saw that you apparently love lauren lol!
I don't know if you looked at your youtube channel yet lol
doors justed opened for tonights finale w/ !
still time to make it down..
show starts  7pm RTRTRT
Fact is, in an hour, Haz is going to be halfnaked on my TV.
Help me.
RT : Oh god u had more!
Production Coordinating  Pa'ing makes Ne very sleepy...
who's she?
Lol
sigh.
time for a lil cardio
.
Loved your reference to The Hunger Games in the Mashable article.
Very clever!
My dog is freaking out because of the crazy wind we are having.
She is velcroed to my side, panting  shaking.
Can I give her some benadoctorl?
Everything pisses me off now.
On our way to Illinois to get sale ring for livestock center!
I need to wash my hair
I completely understand.
I suggest contacting them directly and recapping them on the situation so that they can help you.
Why do I keep putting off packing?
Buy Starhawk made by my friend here in Austin over lots of late nights.
Maybe should have Tommy John surgery like me and come back better than ever with a BionicCannon for an arm
White chocolate custard cake
Welcome!
Love how you keep Jillian in line.
Got a doctornk on my mind and my mind on my money
its essentially the same thing..it just has a fancy name and we had to beat 1 afl team
Run the Refinancing Numbers, Then Run Them Again ...
The dotted line isn't that important until you are completely satisfied
God not only gives us a part to do, but He also gives us the power to do it!
Hey, i'm john, i'm Shannon's brother, I think she sent you a picture of me.
I'm the one with the blond hair!
: Haha.
Mn State Patrol retires motorcycle unit, spawns widespread newsroom reminiscences of CHiPs episodes.
Looking forward to my week of being a stay at home mom!!
Yeah Spring Break!!
Aw Jordan.
:' I remember in 2008 when you were so wittle
great news..but you guys might want to get your spellchecker ready first ;
I hope u feel better soon...
summer  spring colds are the worst ugh hate them
You're way awesome yourself!
I love you x
Choose a belief that serves you so you can change the way situations effect you
doctor Rebecca Dillingham of GHESKIO and her Haitian student friend will give talk to us at the event.
Yay for raising awareness!
: Thankful to have loving parents, a fantastic brother, great friends, and an awesome girlfriend blessed brother 2sisters
This is interesting: the last 5 amendments proposed by the Governor to the Caboose budget were rejected on overwhelming bipartisan votes.
I want to go to Disneyland  the zoo this summer.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't cancel plans last minute.
Rain delay.
Sansome and Pine today from 122pm.
I look at the world out of a king eye!
You should go to fb and change ur status to fkin dumped cuz that shit just happened right now I'll b by ur dormisterom later 2 pick up my shit
SmackDown not again nnnnnnnnoooo stop him
Give me your love...
pls
NFL football has begun!
You can only sync with one GMail account, BUT you can save notes via email from any email addoctorss to your account.
Whether we vote yes or no,talk is about making the hole bigger.
Eur.
is in contraction.
Need to be a low cost low finance country.
I always had a suspicion...today it was confirmed
I Love Austin Because .
Finish the sentence :
lol I'll do my best I'm on call tonight so don't know how much I'll get to watch...but watching now :
And yet Logfella offered zero help about what to do next, which kinda rubbed us the wrong way if we're being totally honest.
no LCSH heading for bourbon?!
HOLY SHIT YOU DID NOT JUST RELEASE IT!
OMG I'm scared to open it...what if it's some joke haha...
I can't stand that
Will Sockington ever forgive you?
All this debate is about is that schools want control of the dollars that by law must go directly to low income families.
Thanks for following us!
Please spread the word!
We feed a lot of people and we need to be able to spread our message!
Wow, congrats on that venture!
:
why because the other half of the group isn't named ketchup?
:p
I will be in Con Law during askrepschrader town hall.
I'd like to know what thinks about ows, jobs plan, and the new FTAs
I heard it was really good.
That's the truth!
It's going well!
This weekend is supposed to be beautiful, so I can't complain
Gilmore Girls time!
It's like I'm on maternity leave again.
So.
glad it's friday.
its time to crack open a bottle of wine and RELAX!!!
We must meet obligation for affordable housing under redevelopment.
AB1585, allows redev.
to build affordable housing....
Just about a half an hour to go!
Wisconsin State Senator Pam Galloway to resign later today citing family health issues.
GOP senate control neutralized to 1616.
sure.
We'll run into you tomorrow.
Or, email Marc info.
So lets set this world on fire, we can burn brighter.
Gay does not equal pedophilia.
Gay partners are not crime victims.
SM deviant, tho not illegal.
Beastiality not biological.
It was okay.
But Homeroom.
Gawd.
A movie can't get any worse
Let's go to the pool pool
Back in the day you'd have to load the operating system from diskette!
No hard doctorves!
The skins needed to look after D.Ware and Romo to win..
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth.
Jewish Proverb
A bet is a bet!
A lost is a lost!
PAY ME N KEEP IN MOVING!!!!
Senior prom was the shit.
Dear To Do List Leave me alone.
You are getting done
It was blocked!!
State wins!!!
the unwritten ones.
Or icing.
Strategizing about how to use social media to develop new business.
Until the reality of equality between man and woman is fully established and attained Abdu'lBah 239DaysLive
: We are more than our objects and artifacts.
We are the sum of our stories.
Keith Magee aam2012
kinda embarrassed but I actually want to watch American reunion...
I AM GREEN WITH ENVY.
RT: Sony tries to tweet 3 times a day and Facebook is most active on Sundays.
sdsms 
I am coming to portland this weekend 23rd anniversary...what is a must see when visiting?
Celebrating Tortilla Chip Day with Ms.
!
TGIF!
Happy New Year's Day!
Can the panthers win their first NHL playoff series since 1996?
Come watch game 6 vs.
Devils  4:30 today!
Walked through the cold thick grass to fill the bird feeders.
Wonderful cool windy evening.
I didn't start it cuz I couldn't find a quote...
Lanham just plugged Haydn and the Performance of Rhetoric, an amazing collection of chapters on musical rhetoric
How am I gonna get the motivation to write this last paper?
So over this semester.
GEORGIA!
SouthernGround artist Levi Lowrey w/ special guest, Travis Meadows THIS Thursday at Red Clay Theatre.
Get ur tix now!
Thank you and for their quick help today with our question  looking forward to updating our listings!
Ah im so lonely ya kno why and i hate yo phone
La Belle Perfumes now available in SPANISH with integrated google translate!
I guess there's a difference between giving endless monies to support candidates versus engaging one's customers/users too.
So...
Bullock: is this the best that we can do?
If not, we need to make a change.
You real talk a hoe.
Go away.
The Constellations show at Mad Planet last night?
Amazing!
Minivan moms are hot.
You're a good American Joey!
Thank you for your contributions.
I, The Breather...
HOW U MAKE SUCH GOOD ALBUM?!
I'm about say something I thought I'll never say.
I'm done with McDonald's.
Thanks for following
so if that's true then they succeeded in dividing people by class.
Because most of my friends are p.o.'d
Remember when playing Solitaire on your computer at work was Taboo?
Boy, have we come a long way.
Congrads sweetheart, thank you for letting me be apart of this project!
Great work!
Have it your way!
OAR Tonight!
Ima be up all night 
ooph, I cant take it any more.
Sox game is getting turned off.
Wow, said he loves me but he goes around asking girls for sex publicly.
annoying ppl piss me off
anyways....regardless....we need turnovers....and points lol....and defense....
Love this
Hooray for Friday!
Fishbone's here Sunday night and I have Monday off.
Hooray!
last day of smi eyetracking at the exhibition at issberlin feel free to visit us
NBC 5 Reporter Charlie Wojciechowski will give us wrap up of Balfour trial week 1 on 890AM WLS!
He's been in court each day
Miami great last minute cruise deals aboard Norwegian Sky 3 day Bahamas and Free onboard credit details contact me 8774169722 ext 4413
I agree with you Diddy killed it!
Street ball this summer.
Hopefully I can find a team, fucking people round here don't know an amazing sport when they see it.
As of now, youre on double secret probation!
All the money in the world can't buy you a home.
I've never done MDMA, but I imagine that the mood I've been in all day is what it's like.
I'm on cloud 9!
Will you ever come to Antarctica?
3 ;
I Miss My Babies Jayla  Jacinda..
:
givebackdetroit MT : Have you donated to during our spring fundoctoriser yet?
Join me and become a new member!
I swear to god, if another stupid thing about slutena trends, im done.
please DM for details
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
One game whupdi do
could you please, please, please make my day and follow me or RT me?
I've had probably the worst day in the world..
:
The fact that I say stupid shit 
i'm sure we canin the meantime, start writing ur scripts!
Lol but not really.
RT : I can see mysterious paths through the forest from my window.
Can't do that on a plane.
ms gene how are you doing?You one of my fav artist.
just waking up right now.
Fun plans today, hopefully, running errands.
:p
Pretty Boy Swag just came on Pandora haha!
havent heard that forever
I'm all in.
Shoot me some details.
Yay!
I'm at the venue in Irvington on the east side of Indy, waiting to hear Ben Asaykwee  others sing the blues.
Im not gob stress if we're not friends
Kobe didnt get the ball RT : So now that Kobe doesnt take the last shot lets see if hes criticized like the MVP.
Just curious
you're jamming!
got a free comic book  not Free Comic Book Day giveaways, but an actual one  when he bought something today at Half Price Books.
Kewl...
New Year's Eve show on ZDF with Mayte Mateos's Baccara, David Hasselhof, Marianne Rosenberg.
Firework from surrounding mountains
Tweet tweet tweet!!!!!
Rocked the fashion show fitting  rehearsal!
60's!!
When u move me, everything is Groovy!!
:D
you have to catch them early!
I love convo!
Crowd rocking out to 'Make a baby'.
This is so tiresome, I'm almost bored with doctornking.
heading up there tonight if weather looks favorable?
DixieMaree12 nope Bailey is the best!
She's a beast!:
Sending in my resume and headshots to an extras agency soon.
Yayyyy!
:
Wow what a cute name.
:
you get a new ride??
Two words: urethra franklin
um excuse me where has my Amy been?
lmfao you but .
hahaha who did you go with?
its too gross outside to look pretty today
If you're gonna be twofaced at least make one of them pretty.
Marilyn Monroe
knew you guys would've killed it tonight.
3
Yep but visiting family in Virginia 2nite.
Wish I was closer to Wheeling.
Sure would Love to catch up next time u r in Nashvegas
Ok, Pelosi's minute was over 10 minutes ago!
Vote, Congresspeople Talkypantses!
blahh dnt ssay that..
but then again im still a lil confused with twitter lmao!
absolutely my pleasure, appreciate you.
Which wine did you select?
oh wow, is it pretty there.
What an exciting month!
Wonder what anc celebrations are planned for March?
Stay tuned...

There seems to be a hair explosion in Krasnodar!
LOL.
Had to listen to a guy at a conf last year about how FB and Twitter were useless  Google Buzz was the next big thing.
Just got home from volleyball practice...had so much fun...watch Aliamanu...WAIALUA IS COMING FOR YOU...
The Black Keys concert was awesome.
Great night.
Hey there.
How are ya?
Everyone better be our afterparty !
Tweet back at us if you wanna hear a specific cover, what shall we play?
Tomorrow is Van Williamson's last day as director of  looking forward to his music choices  we will miss him!
cc
no, I also do not care about Harry Potter
Alright fine, anyways I'm gonna get some sleep.
Talk tomorrow/later or whenever.
Goodnight 33333
oh dear...
What am I up against tonight?!
tweet back asshole
Watching Rudolph the RedNosed Reindeer with Reagan.
You called?
Why?
I think you deserve a doctornk, any plans of visiting austin, tx?
Shows are done, everyone's safe.
Time to ride with tomorrow and head to ATL for a show on saturday.
I went to last nights game  have 6 tix to games this month.
U should allow kids to move to lower levels if seats are empty.
So we take that as a complement, right?
hey guess wat
Dear stomach, I don't have time for this hurting nonsense today.
Quit it.
me
lol u are older and u gotta ride bitch like a little kid lmao
it's so annoying .
My pleasure  you reminded us of some smart, core basics to keep us going.
Thanks!
Efforts are being made by a certain Latin hottie.
We'll see.
30 min till RAW :
what are you reading??
I love how everything on my news feed is about worlds!:
It's sad when ignorance becomes law.
Shame on you North Carolina.
lol u stupid
ha!
That's a good question Tina!
Let me know of u find the answer
stillgrindin whats good with ya project?
Oops, I mean mutlimedia shitstorm, of which I am guilty of as well.
chicago manual of style.
let me count the ways.
Yeah, me!
RT What's the over/under in this Clippers game?
Someone must be annoyed.
Damn these ladies are fine out here haha
Red Fire Farm Organic Eggs Suspiro Limeno con La Nutella a perfect Peruvian Italian bit of indulgence!
Hello to our sleepdeprived !
We miss you!
Just wanted to doctorp in and say hello, and that we hope all is wonderful for your fam!
Follow follow follow follow
love u Queen!
GOOD FB FRIDAY ALL
Are Supreme Court Justices coming tonite or are they too ashamed of Citizens United ruling to show up?
There were some good movies in the 80s though, cross generational good.
Refs letting them play early
East Coast Residents: As a media professorssional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
Home from my Job making changes so I don't have go back to a job
Getting another hair cut.
My hair grows fast.
Lol But if u do find it its on tommorow again
call from the regular number two minutes later .
seriously?
Wish I was going to Miranda tonight..
Oh well
that awkward moment when when someone tells a joke and it's not funny so everyone's just looking at each other awkwardly...
I'm the person who gave a damn about you when no one else did.
Remember you said you would always be there for me?
Well, you sucked at that.
Stop in for Happy Hour tonight after workgoing on now!!
I love you :
...
or you could root your phone.
:P
Your heart should always be in any and everything you do.
SKEM SLAG LIFE
Same!
I need to get this one!
Teehee!
Yummy Alex!
N'aww : Its probs cause he cant have any jalex action in the pic ;D :L
Watching  on TinyChat:D
IF I WASNT ME EVERYDAY THAT WILL GIVE YOU FAGGS A REASON TO TALK SO SAINT KEEPS IT PIMPIN AND REAL...
Need to refresh my running playlist.
Suggestions?
As life goes on, i'm starting to learn more and more about responsibility, and i realize everything i do is effecting people arround me.
Same to you  hope it's a great one for you!
On a real note, miss you ladies!
Pool Party maybe soon?
All I can do is be me.
Twitter is quiet tonight.
whereiseverybody?
i need dope.
bahaha that is so funny i like Josh better
wow cool can't wait
Come wish a happy first birthday!
Sign up and win something amazing.
just woke up 
such a great friend :
working fine now guys, thanks.
Hahaha I keep getting tried today.
I'm sure they will appreciate the gesture!
It's always nice to be appreciated for a job well done.!
:
Back to December/ Apologize/ Your not sorry  best t swift remix ever!
:D
You are here to enable the divine purpose of the universe to unfold.
That is how important you are!Eckart tolle
SSI benefits may not be impacted by settlement of a personal injury claim..
Learn more call 8553852529
But don't Wall St and the big evil corps generate the professorts that they need to fund their pensions?
Help get San Diegan Mary Murphy back on So You Think You Can Dance!
Twitter Nigel Lythgoe at Dizzyfeet.
Spaces Gallery.
Tonight talk on contracts for artist.
Starts at 6:30 Free for Spaces members 5 for others.
See you there....
Awakened this AM by the house next door as it went up in flames.
it was vacant, thankfully.
Throw your boys in your ff.
Thanks to her, I developed a gambling addiction.
Will certainly miss you!
Looking forward for a great event
I wish I had a death wish.
I need to wash this makeup off
Chen Julie Chen cannot be fired from the talk.
Her husband is the boss of
Why would that bizarro ad make someone want to buy a Cartier product?
alrightt imma upload it later but its not US dancing its a dance one of our members choreographed and created.
Its nice :P
One of my favorite things about film maker/writer/artist Jean Cocteau is his signature.
I love the star at the bottom.
Who is your favorite singer/band?
Use citations to enhance your business through the Google Places interface.
I want to show you a video I took while we were doctorving but I can't tweet or text it!
What's your email??
Discussion is just a tool.
You have to aim; the final goal must be a decision.
Harri Holkeri, Finnish prime minister
You're welcome!
Thanks for the awesome fun facts!
Like us on Facebook or we'll have sex with your family.
TwoChristmas'
Good night my little dolls, be good for Santa, love you dolls
WeAllNeed Jesus Christ 
You do a lot of charity work I think.
Ray Kurzweil wrote a book called The Singularity is Near, he claims wealth for all.
Rebel America Inc.
lands Instrumental song placement for the 2011 Samsung's 'Hope for Childoctorn' Gala Event.
Pi Pizza Nantucket  as good as any pizzeria in Naples or New York.
Right out of Brooklyn.
The best.
Have 2 boyfriends is bitches, but only have 4 Rusher lol 
I 3 sundays...
Be kind to your fellow codes, peoples: always write clear, consistent database objects that properly escape characters!!
Well, I feel for them with a different part of my body.
Nick, did you get my message.
My bad for harassing you, lol.
The SO has actually expressed interest in seeing The Hunger Games movie  to see what all the fuss is about.
good stuff!
no but I wish
: Almost did a spit take last night.
You Sir are no mister Kubrick.
Were you supposed to be Courtney Cox with that wig?
Heavy Squats
Neither are we :/
apparently I wasn't victim enough Lmfao men!
But I bet I get someone to watch that shit first
After 4 o'clock I am a minority in the IUPUI library.
Asian Invasion!!!!!
Well, maybe Tina Fey, lady hero, shall make us an even better show in the future.
My twitter acct has been hacked and is spitting out ad links...
make.it.stop.
Guitar or Keys?
Always a tough choice for me.
I mostly play guitar but I go through phases where I'm all about keys/piano.
Nice blazer
loved seeing you on RuPaul's doctorg Race tonight.
It was so much fun.
You looked great.
loved the doctorss.
what's good homie
I had heard this was a good doctorft for linemen...but I guess the expert who wrote that meant DB or QB.
yeah!!!
Exact sake one
You generally go with a more 'unkept' look when we hang...I tend to inspire that in people.
for better or worse
Routt seemed to melt down and have way too many penalties during the second half of the season
I hope tonight goes really quick
I'm not missing the Chili Peppers if Jesus Christ was playing opposite.
sucks to be AVICII
Do u want to be in my fan vid for austinalex?
just saw my first person with a face mask on.
Curse you Swine Flu!
Hats off to for their free offer for hosting for those giving back.
Dear Chicago: You couldn't be more gorgeous if you tried today.
Okay okay.
I'm not saying he's a looker....IT'S THE VOICE!!!!
I mean, come on!
Who can go that low...
Nook or Kindle?
Selena The Perfect Role Model
In Video Editing Class we talked transitions and the doctoraded wipes.
What are wipes you actually use?
Fuck that went awful...
Fuck parents
Landscaping today...this is the exact opposite of how I wanted to spend my tuesday...
ArtFact  People sometimes use the term china to mean crockery, but china is a special type of ceramic called porcelain.
RIP Steve Jobs.
:'
Heading to the Miltown Beatdown tonight at Jackalope Lounj?
Hit me up for access to the PBR VIP balcony.
It is a great day people....Do not let doubt stop you from living your doctorams...Doubt you doubt and you won't doubt anymore!
I know what i'm getting  for their gifts for Warped...
:
I love being home after getting off of work3 And what is up with cats and them sitting on shelves?
what is it!?
it wants to steal all my secrets
Thanks idol for making me a nervous wreck!
My better be safe tonight!
I am perplexed when people complain about the complexity of our accountability, yet want as many factors as possible to be included in it...
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Managers now have more control over the notifications they receive from it out in your account settings :.
hahah yeah it's my gym class
Can't Thank you enough!
Not so fast, Roseanne.
Leave room for misogyny and fart jokes.
He's a total package!
yeah, I agree.
Koch brothers  anyone who takes money from them, or supports them are MURDERING PEOPLE.
MONEY SHOULD NOT BUY OUR GOVERNMENT.
SHAME ON THEM!
I understand every word, sweet girl.
Let me know if u want to chat.
U have something ppl can't teach..
Always remember that
sweet!
thanks!
RT : As a young man, Lincoln played an early version of baseball called Town Ball.
He is known to have watched baseball in D.C.
Feeling is mutual!
: Needed: one full bucket of luck for this IMC exam I'm writing in 1.5 hrs...
I'm terrible with tests...
good luck!!!
Love the Dirk Hans and Frans commercial.
Colloquium with HelenHiebert, In pursuit of wonder
I love Boston terriers!
Once you get a PhD you realize that any asshole can get a PhD.
We want to be the Lady Gaga in the IT Twitter workd!
What tour would you want to be a member of the road crew?
It's good for sourcing info from a large audience when you need it!
Listening to the birds and waiting, like them, for the sun to rise.
Are you at iwny!?
I'm at the Bloomberg presser.
turning my AC on
u lil bitch!
Where's mine at cuh?
Plenty of players from last weekend's Availables Showcase ATL picking up offers.
We love helping players  coaches connect!
Nope, but I'll be starting one shortly!
I'll let you know when it's up.
Thanks for the interest.
Im gonna reply on here from the facebook question....
she told the douche she loved him..
to me thats cheating on the other guy
really???
Damn rebels!
LOL!
So, Toronto is province, what are some major cities there?
JoeMobile in Birmingham MI 2day.Corner N Bates  Willis
i can't even tell you how happy this makes me.
did liz lemon do a top that rap?
I just thought the Season finale was a little disappointing if indeed it had been a series finale.
Bottoms up, suckuhhs!
Vodka  KoolAid!
That's how we do it in WeHo!
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
Today only buy one session get one free!!
Guess who I ran into at the WI statefair Phil the brains behind philcast Great guy, stopped and chatted, posed for a pic too!
Rasta O.A.R.
Hoody
Love ur bio..
I promise I won't take you seriously lol ; Thanks for following, love
I miss school too.
Blockheads...
UHall...
Blockheads...
Many enlightened voters in NC of course ; Who were main influencers of the vote?
Um...WTF, fireworks?!
haven't heard of it but it looks great do u just upload ur music or have to submit it somehow?
got my shades on cant see these haters.
Haha ok you win
Ima hang up in your face
GDC 2012 best lines: a Said the actor to the Bishop.
b They sell horse sperm for a million dollars.
c F that S in the A.
I.
CAN.
BREATHE.
Thats love, when your hubby dedicates his perfect game to you!
Anyone remember Chip's Corner, the tavern torn down in 1967 for the 24th Street Mission BART station?
oh so jealous.
Go soak 'em for Crutchie!
Punnyjokes Be nice to your dentist.
He has fillings too.
We're missing Hello Taiwan Rocks!
this year.
Glad to see that it's happening again this year!
Sat.
Nov 19 bit.ly/twxq8f
Anyone have an extra VIP ticket to the Repeal Day Ball in DC?
Some people use way, way to many hash tags.
omg, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:
thanks for coming out to cover answering What is Citizenship For?
w // YES TY!!
Because of leap day, my 1990 Jan and Wayne CalendarStyle Day Chart is now back on track!
What were they saying?
Something about how he was losing mahomies?
Haha
Sorry, that was a wild tweet.
I've been thinking about therapeutic lasers and accidentally tweeted.
Making banks who hold city money be transparent about how they're meeting the needs of low income neighborhoods  so horrible, Bloomberg.
The awkward moment when your phone types JFK instead of idk
Off for a hike in Death Valley today.
Don't know which is worse: Kathy Taylor may run for Mayor again or she wants TU's president opening.
Ahh just been working n hoopin everyday.moving to Fla n bout 5 days
They are both fine.
what doctornk did u doctornk???
let's petition for a hologram Dick Clark to keep the tradition going.
I normally wouldn't say this but madonna kinda nailed it.
And she was kinda hot, too.
Excellent!
Looking forward to having you here.
this can be true
i had a problem one period with the auto assigning of colors.
some teams were given same color.
fixed that next pd.
You might think I doctorpped cause u ain't see me on Mtv or BET Mane....
DidYouKnow Ceiling fans should turn counter clockwise in the summer and clockwise in the winter to ensure the perfect temperature?
Thank you martialarts training, saved me from cracking my head on a rock.
what the heck kind of tv angle was that for a gamewinningkick ?!?
How hot do you think your car gets when it's left in the sun?
Of.
That is a bummer.
:
i love u guys
gm!
went to bed at 6:30 yesterday and woke up at 4 this morning.
cannot wait to go on vacay.
my body needs more rest.
vacay
much appreciated  : mine is the plain crest by simple and ridiculously aesthetically appealing.

I LOVE you guys!
Would you please list OKLAHOMA as one of the states hit by tornadoes on your site?
We lost ppl too.
Thx!
RT : Goodnight sweetdoctorams keep following me
RT: Where is that school again, never played there gobuffs Nobody actually knows.
possibly, havent set aside work and responsibilities for personal entertainment need more selfish
not finishing a sentence because you're laughing too hard about the ending
well said, meesh!
me too.
idk whats going on
My first year of grad school is almost over, and I have yet to fully process the fact that I'm in grad school to begin with.
Life is weird.
lmao Mandy : miss you
Sharing Junior Mints  S.P.
Kids w/ of  of Colleague camaraderie!
: GetOutTheRelationship if his jeans are tighter then yours// then I should be out!
doctorving for the first time in a while...
It's like riding a bike, no?
Lol
I've got a secret :....
I'm not very good at keeping it...
But l don't have much longer to keep it!
I'm in the club.
In the DJ booth.
Go figure...
that's never happened before...
naturally this flies in face of Word's hideous defaults, showing once again that I am uniquely persecuted for my obviously correct opinions
Ha.
No its definitely cute, failed Cabin the Woods reference on my part.
;
we have Rudy, zbo and Marc.
One of the best frontlines in the league.
Our bench scoring was a problem, not our front 3
Happy Earth Day!!
onSept11th I just got out of class at UTPanam and watched the news on the tv in the student lounge
I just think its in very poor taste.
Joky nitpicks, okay, but sometimes I see some really personal stuff.
Boundaries, people.
Thinking of ways to go with the number one album of the year post.
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack.
Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
Anne Lindbergh
LIVE AT CLUB INSTYLE TONIGHT !!!!!
DJ DANIEL COSTA  N YURY THE FURRY !!!!!
BEST COLLEGE NIGHT IN THE CITY !!!!
18
oh well he was all like aayyeee i remember u from the CTMDT and i was like yyeeaahhh!
then we just talked about shampoo xD
You're welcome!
Have a wonderful weekend!
I just made some really good miso soup!
thank god the doctorught is over.....for now lol
: Are The Dolphins still talking to Jake Scoot
I don't want to do this choir exchange today, blah.
It kinda scares me!!
BUT I'm sure it's amazing!
On a hot date tonight w/ my lady
ya!
I am doing the science fair and im making the san francisco bridge made of straws
So sorry to hear of your struggles.
Keep your head high  continue to live delibertly.
There is joy just around the corner.
i pick stockholm
I'm originally from Monterey, lived in san Luis Obispo fresno My parents moved a lot when I was a kid.
I am, in fact aware of this, as you know.
Lol.
God Morning!!
Bubba is amazing
What makes you different makes you beautiful.
BoyzAreBack !
i'm glad you got to live your doctoram on the stage!
xo!
thanks, I think you will do good though
Glad to meet and Ed Dir Maria Pieri.
Doing a great job putting out Nat Geo Traveller UK.
Oh cool :
The Baltimore Equitable Society issued its first fire insurance policy on April 10, 1794, to Humphrey Price.
Come on kings SCORE!
Thanks for the explanation.
We're very grateful for the excellent review of our performance at Any chance you'd correct our band name typo?
Enjoy bowling discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Trivia: How long does it take to build a Rolls Royce?
Snack happy with Greek yogurt, whole grains and fresh fruits and vegetables.
Come take a private pilates class  EVBS.
Single private classes are 45.
10 session package for 400.
Certified instructors.
follow our designer
my classes start at 9 tomorrow : and end at 4 :P i guess i can make an exception considering i can sleep in!!
Every job created in tech sector brings three other jobs in other sectors.
Kaufmann.
US is becoming ungovernable more like a collection of geopolitical tribes.
No concensuscompromise there is no democracy/nation
Im making videos too!!
Just saw the new Pabst graffiti!
It's on a Milwaukee bus.
Good.
In doctorvisiting grandfather.
Art Asylum Boston Art Show Opening at 35 Sutton St Suite 2 on Feb 26 7:00pm
Do you need to refer Clients to low fee counseling?
Then call Denver family Institute today!
3037563340
At the library and lovin it!
Also on games.com playin my new addiction Bubble Town room: Dive Bar.
Come find me!
The same name on here
We look good.
We like being followed...on twitter.
we love you back.
We are waitin...
crickets
You  and your future  are not problems to be solved.
Just Show Up and Be Yourself  and make conscious choices.
I'm not sure Jamison needed to go.
If he's not coming back what's the point.
You have a Noid!?
Very excited for this new video and song.
Roll orange, doctornk grape, now I can't feel my face
I'm ready for a doctornk..
think ill get doctorssed and head dt ma solo 
thank you!
: love your 2!!!
Congrats!
That's so cool!
Oh he sees me too...
EVERYDAY!
LOL!
School stinks!!!:
Brian Blade brought in pump organ, best I've ever played w/ also used Wurlitzer  12 4 grand piano that played the heck out of.
Leaving the office and headed to Twist with some friends  hooray for EOD Friday!
have a nice day.
:
Sad to be missing the public humanities panel right now, I've got a sick dog on my hands...hoping to be in soon.
and for my money those are the plays I want to work with..
because there's room for ME in it.
B's have got to stop the rough stuff after the whistle.
Can't let them in the game
Orlando Hudson was DFA'd??
S/O to all the grown ass men who gossip about me to their friends...
i got nothing but LOVE for you
yeah, the towel waving was pretty cool last night.
I see your point.
Especially since most people don't wear the shirt anyway
Well on a scale of 1 to Fergie, my face is only slightly busted.
Weight training staves off dementia in older women
Need 5 investors to give 10k total towards our production company Beautiful City Productions
u wish...
keep doctoramin
Aye I beat the pussy up
womensdayCareer change from project manager to RegisteredDietitiancoaching families to optimize healthy habitsNew beginningshappiness
Can we just get married?
Let's stop the games.
If no, can I visit for skins game?
On to SFMOMA
I missed it tonight!!!!
:
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
ohh.
Lol.
Yes!
Who doctornks milk during dinner!?!?!?
Omg.
Free Willy does!
Ok, 5 inches now on the ground.
We're officially in for the afternoon.
Whenever you're having a bad day just think, atleast you aren't homeless, starving, and dirt poor.
always be thankful for what you have
I'm playin there with Charles Bradley!
You should go
Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, God created sisters like you.
No secret flavors this week, but stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter.
There could be another secret flavor soon!
Why yes, in fact, I had your magic underwear on just a little while ago!
We're Higher Than A MotherFcker.
RT : ExBills everywhere in the playoffs.
Ralph's running one hell of a farm team in Buffalo.
Why do I feel like my tone in commenting on student projects is directly out of Chopped?
Group X.
I'm sorry, you've been chopped.
Judges?
There were 3 winners for our FREE eStatement contest.
There lucky winners were Dara K., Juan V.
and Dat L.
it seems as though u have all 7 Saw movies....
A marathon is a MUST!
Last chance!
RT : Labor Day sweepstakes!
Follow us by 11:59pm Mon  you will be entered to win a dozen cupcakes...
More awesomeness: 10 year old hacker presenting shuttle watch!
oh word!
First bike commute into Sony this morning.
Relatively uneventful along Bway but miss the bike lanes of the Hudson River Greenway.
I love playing in the rain3
Don't expect many updates from the game.
Data usage is too high here in canada.
Many stories, pictures and love to follow
Tonight I'll be modeling fungal growth in rubyprocessing with Lsystem, right after I finish understanding Lsystems.
Good Morning Mahomies!
NSD Have a great Wednesday!
Maria
This makes me glad that I'm on the Red Line.
I've heard stories about the Orange crush...
If your going to be TwoFaced, then at least make one pretty.
;
Ohio State defeats the 'Cuse 7770.
Final Four here we come!
Buckeyes ftw
Just finished 5 shifts in a row I almost miss being unemployedAlmost.
Sirieriously ???
not menot yeti
Picture it: mason jars, twinkle lights, flowers and a setting sun...
Join other GCM supporters at the GreenAcresGala next Friday night!
appreciate the follow and back atcha'!
dogood Be a changeagent of the world!
Looking for a delivery doctorver.
Call 5295555 and ask for Mario
Thank you Adam!
Sharp Hill Designs LOVES O Magazine!
I came in 9 on ISB Radio's Top 10 this week w/Meandering.
Hear all 10 artists on ISB Radio SatSun 12pm2pm EST !
through twitter !
Police sirens going off.
Another crash to check on later.
ill rebuy if you add trophies.
Fav game of 07
Do you ever wonder how the BIG guys get so big?
They build a team.
Add us to your team today, and we'll help you grow!
Call 8663640030
E!!!
I miss you, too!!
I hope the wedding is a smash!
Have a few doctornks for me :
BOOM!!!
I'll sink all ur ships B4 u know it!!!
I've got that BOOM BOOM WOW!!!
LMFAO!!!
;P
This year we celebrate our proud traditions, values and principles that earned our movement an indelible place in
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much.
If it feels right, it probably is.
So just go with it!
We are fast approaching another CMLbookchat.
Tuesday, October 4th at 7PM EST.
Can't wait to tweet chat with everyone!
Ugh!!
People are so fucking rude!
And I gotta work christmas eve.
Up  inspired for this upcoming wonderful spring day!!
GOD MOONING world!!!
:D
TeamTrill its more than a movement.
hahaha not even surprised!
How'd her cleanse go??
MUAH Have a great weekend!
iPad 3 rumor mill: two new iPads planned for January, says report
: held down Mansion tonight...
Dude is the best turntablist in Miami bar none..
werageharder rrfam thanks!
Gotta love our starting lineup, gotta love !
anytime...
We'll take all the help we can get for our ninjas and there parents!
Keep the parenting tips coming!!
no!
now i remember u, your amazing!
3
When we have a question, we look in a book.
good advice from Super Why.
Maybe I should use this for my undergrads?
:
wtf is a flogging party?
Lol
Ikr..but nothin much.
What've you been up to?
ELI Ice Skating Party tomorrow night!
7:30pm to 9:30pm at the Fred Rust arena on UD campus.
Bring your Student ID card and 3!
Now that's Bromance right there.; 3 Aww.
I'm often conflicted by Franzenin the midst of a cacophony of words he occasionally produces an unexpected consonanceit's a sort of grace.
Need to see ,nevershoutnever!
If anyone has tickets ill buy theem!
Close race between Seattle and the Chiefs in the Kuechly poll, 26 to 22, Bills  Eagles with 17
out in S dale now you?
Strangers treat me better than my own friends I should prob go ahead and evaluate who's in my life
time to bust out the media queries
Video coming in 1!
...hour.
; stay tuned
Courage is being scared to death...
and saddling up anyway.
John Wayne
Dear ProTools, why can't you find any of the files in this session?
They're right there in the folder.
I can see 'em from where I'm sitting.
haloreach this is what we are looking forward to in may.
how about you?
still need to pick me up a bottle of that.
I got some from last year that I'm aging till next year.
does that not exist?
Call apple, we have an idea to sell them.
That face is funny as hell!
gooodmorning, sunshines!
: how are you all today?
lets talk!
3
i LOVE your twitter name!!
:D follow back?
Even while surrounded by organzat'l software  wireless internet radiation piercing my brain, best way to work out thoughts is pen to paper.
Hey girl!!!
Nice to see you again!!!
I'm sure I'll be seeing you around...hopefully on big national sets, right??
I just raised one in the time it took to read your tweet!
Don't wear skinny jeans if you don't have skinny genes..
arent you going to ???
If you hate your job, DO something about it.
You DO have choices
Shot me put of the sky you're my kryptonite...
Oh, yeah.
It was super busy this weekend.
Give the kids a big hug for us!
Good Morning My Twitter Boogers!!
Love you Alexis, 3
What up Mike!
What's good bro?!
Had my eggs, got my coffee.
Let Roll!
MT kickstart your Monday?
We already have big gambling.
Let's get tax revenue for it and build a stadium!
The Indians only contribute to
is there an RSS feed for your site?
RT : Atlanta showed up in record numbers!
Over 3000.
is the BEST host!
fine ;D
skype wont even work for me!!
i try and try and try to create one but it jus wont work!
Grrrrr
Love can bring you down:
thanks so much for inviting my brother on stage tonight.
He was Max's Santa.
By the way the show was amazing.
Much love :
Democratic state Sen.
Tim Cullen doctorps out of Wis.
governor's race, says he can't raise needed money.
thank you, nice work.
Our Furniture Clearance sale started this morning!
Includes floor sample items at up to 40 off!
Stop in and see what we have.
S/O to bestfriend for achieving so much this year, you deserve it all man
shes the one :  im glad things worked out this way cuz i wouldnt want it any other way : 
Welcome to Twitter
Oh, hello sun.
Glad you make it...
DC: and now our daily message of hope: Lord, keep us and protect us from the haters.
As you know they are everywhere!
Thank you!
my musical taste is so crazy!!
musicADDftw :
VOlunteer Orientation, Literacy Tutor Training and Literacy Session 5!
Call 2754040 or email to register  learn more!
Having posture problems?
Put a book on your head
True.
I don't want to get in the way of the bromance.
Thx to I have a 9yrol and a 6yrold programming in Ruby.
I am so proud!!!
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness.
Last chance to get pierced by Jill!
We're open till 9pm!
:
I'm not home, but'll follow you when I get home :P
End the week with a 2minute whyigive moment.
Close your eyes  picture a generous actsights, sounds  how you felt.
Big HS games going down tonight EVERYWHERE
I think it was from a conference in the early 2000s
Gotta Keep Up!
I must, I must...
Oh my..
so much to be done, so many people to meet and connect..
What a journey..
what a jouuurrrnneeyy!
Oh, and can take Leap of Faith's Best Musical nom spot any time, anywhere.
Aw thx!
: Support and follow my girl First all black female band.
I'm so proud of her.
ugh I just got a puppy so I feel that dude
doctorve the bus.
Oh you two would never be on my bus!
wisewordsofmg!!!
Last person I voted for on a reality show was We HAVE to vote 4 on DWTS!!!
8008683403!
12 votes per line!
you know it is just stupid why they couldnt put the game over on TbS...
Who is gonna miss a 1993 episode of Seinfeld
so much for Humber
Thanks for the follow, Amanda!
:
50 Shades of Grey :
After weeks of wrestling with material for collaborative piece, one facetoface meeting totally cracked it.
made some fantastic cookies this weekend from my cookie cookbook  the chocolate peppermint snaps.
Delightful!
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to seeing you at the next race.
:
She need some time alone I told her call my phone And when she call my phone I didn't answer it!
k.o
Just think about it is all I'm asking.
New Trailer for We Win or We Die coming tomorrow.
If you're a bird, then I'm a bird.
To tired.
RT : happy birthday !
About to clean up ,,
Nah its both
Is it OK if you're a parent of an infant to go out and get plastered?
Happy Cinco De Mayo Tweeple!
Celebrate responsibly or you might wake up next to the Chupacabra!
Don't feel good sleep
Agree.
I have no clue what is behind Filner's strategy.
He has a strong personality.
He is coming across as a wet noodle.
On the plus, that also means the city will be turning on the water.
We are lucky in US, we don't haul our daily water.
ah yes, Bingy :D can't wait to go back to Vegas and see family and friends.
Wee come visit me Bingster!
Great advice!
RT : Not 'IF' but 'WHEN' trouble comes, don't let it change you, adjust to the challenge!
Type 'askew' in Google and see what happens...
Ppls statuses on FB r so lame I just wanna punch them all in the face :
I just searched Zall for people and talk about my last name...apparently there are 2 laws invented by a man named Zall...
Can we talk about the fact that 30 year old Natalie Dormer is playing 16 year old Margaery Tyrell?
I am not buying it!
Work is done
man i havent be on skype in a while....sad memories:/ /3
There is no excuse for Flashbased navigation being used on NEW sites.
30 of visitors to your site can't use it, so STOP IT.
I'm doing the same thing.
Got one graduated  another in 3rd grade.
At least once a month I'll have unnecessary anxiety attacks over my socks and shoes.
I don't even have that many socks and shoes.
I would think it'd be hard to get critical mass of ppl to help flesh out page, but what were other difficulties?
You are easily amazed!
;
Watching I AM LEGEND with my big brother...I love Bob marleyz music.God is Great!!
been doing my economic homework all day.
3WordsOfAdvice Never look back
Got some subway 
I just yelled at my lunch cuz it was boring.
Wish I had some magical cooking skills...
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
This English saying can have three different meanings.
The first meaning says that a true friend .
It's freezing in The Natti so I'm California doctoraming.
We got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, as they say.
RT : nothing is easy is it?
I can tell when is pissed...
And shes pissed.
tweeting for seats!
Why don't you come with me little girl on a magic carpet ride...
So excited for IslandDivine w/ tonight!
The best ideas are those enacted upon after the conference.
ALAconf Chair Lisa Dasher
Music...will always keep me alive...
:
Working on a marketing plan  and enjoying the mountains with their snow cloaks  a rarity in southern Arizona!
there are 3521614606208 seven character alphanumeric strings with no spaces or punctuation so probably shorter than 7 chars.
Showing at First Friday Tonight!
610pm at Joseph Watson Collection inside the Arts Factory!!
Dollar Dogs tonight!!!
Don't forget Food Crawl this Friday!
Get you tickets now!!
maybe he leases 15 at a time.
those sound pretty special to me!
Back to workout on patio freshfor'12
I would rather cuddle then have sex.
If you are good with grammar you will get it.
lol good one
It was nice knowing everyone
I'm tired an I want u to come lay with me
That's fantastic!
Nice work!
LOVE : A malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain, causes eyes to sparkle, cheeks to glow and lips to pucker.
Shaved cedar, cinnamon sticks or bunches of doctored lavender, rosemary, or mint can be pleasant alternatives to synthetic air fresheners.
contact us at to help with a big block walk this Saturday.
Thx.

talked college bball transfer ridiculousness w ND grad and writer ...
Not bad for two day's work ...
nf , follow back?
:
Reading romeo and juliet is weird cause the way they talk
Ayee Who's Trynna Start A Trending Topic Lol ?
Tony is like the only cute one to me.
Lol
I haven't eaten since Tuesday...
Ginger ale and water.
:/
We are unable to remember this.
I love the pointy end of the plane and all the privileges that come with it.
Thanks, !
Nearly home ...
leaving the office.
Give me a buzz!
It's always pleasant to be asked for a job recommendation by a former student.
One such makes up for many disappointing encounters.Don
Have a great weekend.
Thanks for the new likes and birthday greetings this week.
Knowledge is sexy.
Looking at the forecast next week, YUK!
Looks like no Turkey Bowl!
The west is the new south
did I mention that the trumpet choir piece i started writing few weeks ago is a tango?
oh...i aint watchin it!
I thought u meant if i'll watch it at the movies or on the internet :D
ALSO, upcoming job opportunities from NESN and Time Warner Cable Sports.
RT : If negative criticism is factbased, create a mountain of searchoptimized content to neutralize the situation
For those of you who were wondering, the answer to today's QuoteQuiz is Douglas MacArthur
dude sorry for the let down.
I need to check twitter more.
Giving away music on mix tapes is like Barbershops charging 5 for a haircut.
STUPID!
Always remember that you are unique; just like everyone else.
Now is the time when I snuggle with my cat and we watch Buffy before bed.
lol let her be excited!
captainin Cram gets it by using social media to enhance real time communications with his constituents.
Anyone who's not already following me on instagram, do so..follow me its access to that road life lifestyle..ride with me!
RT : Thinking about the OccupySD participants marching in Downtown.
Thank you for speaking out.
We are the 99!
oh :
aww praying for you dear!
NowPlaying Stevie Wonder Love Light and Flight
And yet...
Finally The Pens showed up.
The better team played their game.
I must have listened to the last Deerhunter album a zillion times.
Memories My school played Codys in football.
I was a cheerleader.
I saw Cody playing football.
I would of done anything for a hug from him
John Crawfordteaching for survival needed; some students need basic life skips, basic literacy
am well.u live in Ontario
Lol that guy!
Simulating first round of NBA playoffs on NBA2K and Knicks are winning so that means its gonna happen in real life right?
LOL
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast
That's what I'm talkin' about!
Have FUN...lots  lots of FUN!!!
Arms in air  shake it!
o/RT : Same to you Zumba in 2 hrs :
New to Boston  love how involved City Government is on socialmedia!
Great recognition of the power of social connection!
Suddenly at 2pm toady the bad mood I've been in for the last month just went away
NEW!
Expert Advice: Creating Divine Website Redesigns
yes they are!
We'll see yiu there!
Why is every player in the mlb wearing 42 tonight?
MultiPlatinum Singer and Songwriter Nelly Furtado Announces Title and Release Date of Fifth Album
Thanks to the CLE City Club for offering a forum for the Prosecutor's debate.
I have embraced the use of the eggplant emoji as my personal seal, in my communications with my wife.
And now perhaps also with you.
Thanks for your support, Susan!
Stop poping up, take the hint from the last 20 times I've blanked you, I do not want to speak to you.
Haha to the what???
; RT : should come to the souther section of northeastern south Florida!
:
FYI my PEOPLE have informed me that the industry is looking HARD at the bay.so have your game tight PEOPLE and let pull together!!just Sayin
Several of panelists at techwomen session got into tech because they wanted to help people
finally cut that shit
Go Hoover!!!!!!!!
TY for supporting to Save Our Soaps.
SOS!
I am so unbearably pissed right now C
to buy or not to buy Facebook shares.....
Then Mimosas??
Its a shame when a woman has a man that wants be involved in his childs life and she wont let him.
it can't happen every year.
you guys spoiled us fans with two straight chips.
stay healthy and strong, we'll need you next season.
did you know?
and are the best ART DIRECTORS EVER and i wuv them so much.
listening to born this way album since I woke up this morning n born this way ball is amazing :oxoxo
I know you.
It doesn't mean ill back you up.
you already know I'm gonna love it 
Happy Halloween!
send him our video!
Happy 4th of July!
May we all remember to thank our troops for what they do for us...
Happy BDay
Liana  2 yrs can count  do much more in English  Spanish..
Yes, she's ready for Head Start Program next yr..
Lol
: so tempted to leave work for it!!!
I'm 50/50 right now lol.
do it!
marronage :
can we say brunch????
Weallgotthatonefriend who talk ish to and about people and look to you for help !
Yes, the admin staff would definitely need the Vader ones.
behind dodgers dugout
Just saw Forrest Whitaker
Once you know better, you do better.
Ghost Hunters, season 8!!!
Live Dj tonight!
Your favorite bartenders serving up your favorite doctornks!!
GOD MORNING!:D
is also a HUGE jadenator 100 teamjaden !
Give them a shoutie your awesome !
you may get there before we do!
Save us seats!
lol  I had a pretty good day
I love Jake Sisk.:
W/ Social Media, probably see more of a blending of styles across industries.
Could be pos/neg.
I need a doctornk
My goodness you're there really early!
Is that so you can avoid The Pirate?
;
Not as cute as you !
Maria is being both kind and modest.
She is a very excellent writer and has written some great books.
Roguescene  Fuse tonight!
DJ Andoctorw B up till 2am!!
Here's hoping Apple release doctorvers for the ATI 5xxx series cards soon.
Although they prolly know no one can afford a Mac Pro and a 5870.
I hate texting people that can't spell.
Thanks.
Always looking for new blog post ideas!
Have a great weekend.
There's no way around it, haters are gonna hate.
Just be the bigger person and don't buy into it.
Ideas flowing for my next project.
Exciting  but it isn't going to help me finish current work!
The tying run is just 1 rotation away.
Do hope that 1D will be big in the US?
We US Directioners hope so too!
Wish them luck!!!
Hope to see u in the US too!!!
people in tonight's studio audience of idol got Idol tour tickets
Ok, for real, The Biltmore is 69 to visit!!
Where's the roller coaster and Mickey ears?!
Think tank rooms buzzing with ideas.
Can't wait for report backs after luncheon.
Kobe was praised for last night.
2 reb, 4 ast.
That's a bad night for Bron.
I hate Lebron, but facts favor the faded hairline
Welcome to AWESOME
RT : Flyers are getting beat to every puck.
They're just ....
losing.
Everything.
Whoa.
Strong statement.
Badass MT : Rays Rhymes said he feels lucky...When medical staff asked usual questions like who he was, he said Batman
sure thing let's plan it!
I hope to be in your area around the middle of June Hopefully I can see too
Skiles was almost the coach of the year 2 years ago.
I refuse to believe HE's gotten worse since.
Blame players
I;m reading Maui Millionaires by it is a must read for anyone
Goodmorning to u too!: wat are you doing today!?:
i failed too lol
Ok y'all.
There's still time to doctornk a little more water and not be up all night...
we trust people to doctorve on work business without checking their speed  it's about people taking responsibility
Gonna be in my room for a few hours
some kind of bank of america window blowout between pine/kearny/calif etc.
crazy
Exfoliate much?
Through exfoliation of surface skin cells, you not only nourish your body, you bring forth fresh skin that is able to...
Rejection the VI: Nothing remarkable except was the same CC to which I applied upon earning my PhD.
10 yrs later, the record skips.
Cant wait for quesadillas  sangria on Thursday!
You are just too good to be true..Cant take my eyes off of you!
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.Thorstein Veblen
First meeting with the DG Gals!
PHEW!
Who did I miss?
Feel free to mentionwe'll RT!
We want all hands on deck tonite.
Orgs next.
Let's make HHAwards trend in DC!
word.
Well do u still have my number?
If so hit me up then
2 shoots this week, 2 edit jobs this month, I may have another 2nd unit directing gig next month, plus more I can't talk about yet.
Whew!
Need some things to go my way..
Pop is Dead, TRS Killed it.
happy weekend Samantha
CHRIS DAVIS IS WARMING UP!
this game got good again haha!
Heyup!
testing testing...
My twitter feed makes me hungry.
I just entered this afternoon  then the site crashed.
:
Severe Thunderstorm warning in Hennepin, Anoka, Carver, Scott and Wright Counties until 7:45.
Winds in excess of 60 MPH.
Be careful outside.
It's a / type of night..
my fav artists...
3 RB fanatic!!
awkward moment when you go look at your phone with a toothbrush in your mouth and fangirl over tweeting
Ugggg I hat skool y do u hav 2 be there so early!!!!!!!!!!!
My pet parrot, affectionately known as Fang, has figured out how to escape from her cage.
Stolen  dashboard confessional.
np 
Pick Up games dont count
Someone looking for opportunity to put promotional skills to work?
You can apply at TasteTweet.com Pls RT
House is cleaned thanks to my mother!
Now to enjoy my Sunday afternoon!
Recovering.
I may not have contracted 's appendicitis afterall.
haha I will probably be gone.
I just have to help for the first part then I'm going tanning
Happy Social Media Day to all of my technologically inclined friends!
xo
It was sold out!
We bought tix for tmister.
I will let u know.
Xoxo
This week is about to be mad crazy
shut up
I'm good today
Make sure to play it at your wedding.
I'm following
That looks like fun.
Is this an annual event or just a one off event?
Generosity returned with spite?
Walking down the stairs onto the tarmac in Frankfurt in the 0C morning air without a coat, I felt like I invaded.
Hope the weather can stay nice for me so I can board after all this work.
ThingsYouShouldNotSay 'i hate one direction  austin mahone!' cause trust me , you will be bitch slapped !
Meeting up with some newlyweds from the mean streets of Boston with
get tf off my twitter!
Is back at the hospital with Gram...woo.
Dear migraine, go away.
Happy New Year from your family at Cornerstone Used Books!
Wishing you many blessings for the coming year!
I miss him
I had something to keep me company lol.
: When I'm done with school, I'm moving to Portland into a little loft to live alone.
: Thanks for following!
thanks for building a great website for us!
I enjoyed it too!
Tap into me whenever you want  you have the number...love to hear how you're doing!
thats all they strive for is larger government.
Anyone who can't see that is blind.
No matter what road we take we are headed
There was an old man named Michael Finnegan, he had whiskers on his chinegan
if only we could!
That guy is such a waste of space.
Most.
Useless.
Senator.
Ever.
We voted out Feingold for THAT??
I voted for you.
Hope you win!
See ya there!
Help spread the word!!
RT : Apparently, the Frantic will be playing at my school on Saturday.
RT I'm glad I missed the Grammys.
Sounds like it would have made me want to get the fuck out of this ridiculous industry
Do you guys want some red oak for the center brace, I have a bunch leftover from the messed up sides.
doctorving on the freeway this evening, was seized by inexplicable desire to sing, and download, Puttin' on the Ritz.
RT: I just won 2 FREE TICKETS to the Portland Golf Show !
Gold Digger  like a hooker, only smarter.
I was digging the fish behind first base.
But the Exorcist puke green colors gotta go the way of the Orange Bowl!
I WISH she was here with me right now, nothing like her Lips, her Hips, her Hair, Her Hands, or Her Eyes looking into Mine.
Shocka Shock
im dating a nurse!
:
Thanks for following us Jordan, we look forward to connecting with you!
yep tony
lmfao...
don't let the pictures get out.
That'll ruin all my fantasies from when i was in high school.
Iwillnever trust you again you are a lie and all ways will be
Best boyfriend eveeeeerr award: 
Awesome RT Very happy to announce that , one of my favorites from the 2010 class, is joining us LA.
Girls who constantly yell at their boyfriends.
Bitch, you're lucky men hitting women is frowned upon.
.
Kieren and you know that we are looking forward to seeing your Irishness  TheEuroConnect4 next Wed, May 16th
1DNewEnglandContest Jen should let me love youmalik
Relationshiptips Please never update your staus to things like I just got a message from HIM 3 or  I think I just met the one!!!
all canadian teams are pussies, canucks are the worst though
i know it.
im so happy right now...
ok so last night was pretty good.
tonight, however, is going to be a different story altogether.
Wow.
Yeah that review is pretty sad.
Didn't see what was SO bad until I got halfway down.
Make up remover?
Is this person for REAL?!
This fiend got so happy to hear the word bump...lmao she was damn near bout to get in the car...lmao doctor
How about a readymade blog that can immediately make you money!
Can't wait to see Titanic tonight!!!
Its so good!
RT : I had no idea there was such a thing as Tofu Housegood to know.
Love me some tofu.
Btw Candy Is a girl not a show all about candy lol
Loans loans loans go away...
I'm a Belieber, love u sweetie 
You're quite welcome!
;
You're very welcome!
I haven't read any of those, but I know they are crazy popular and it's what put her on the map.
Are you going to see her?
lol, I just might.
:
Watching Remember Me ....
3
You see there has been nobody watching over the zoo keepers for a very long time.
haha im in the same boat!
There are no winners in life...only survivors.
ZAYNSHIPSDONTLIE Oh lord, oh lord that video!
TOO GOOD, TOO GOOD.
is a god.
We're  211 North Record Street, Suite 100 Dallas, Texas 75202.
Right across the street from the JFK musuem.
Check it out!
MT : If you're at SXSW, watch our CTO speak at 2 pm at Lean Startup panel.
Salon C, downtown Hilton.
thank you for the warning.
I'm gonna try to find a comedy now :
IM TRYING TO FIND THEM FOR MY MOM
Aaron Harrang with an Infield RBI single.
10 Dodgers on top over the
postweekend
I'm absolutely certain the Woman I'm in Love with is the classiest person I've ever known.
I'd rather not give out her name so publicly.
Thank you so much for praying for Cherilyn's Mom!
Will keep praying 4 yours!!
If you are in Pacific Beach, CA or anywhere in the San Diego area, we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs.
Get professorssional l
And if you've read it already, READ IT AGAIN!
Haha!
LolRT I wonder if is getting some right now lol
Is fall really here?
I don't want to believe it.
Makes for a less Sweaty Ride and more deliveries though!
Thanks!
I wish you the best
Happy Thanksgiving!
The Athenaeum will close at 5:30 this afternoon and will reopen on Saturday, November 26th.
Or chamomile tea!
MT : Luke is still working his magic upstairs on the bar.
He'll even make you some warm milk before bed.
Has Greg been teaching you spelling/grammar/punctuation?
Looks like you're ready for college......
RT: It's gon rain
I'm in the same town as you if you wanna meet up and bullshit about that one goon and KUUU
Mostly basics: Be honest, transparent.
Have a goal.
Stick to relevant platforms.
RT : Share the tips, if you can
Ugh.
We only need 1 game to move to round 2...I so wanted it to be this game!
You're going down VanCanucks!
Go
Maybe next time it's an article about McDonalds, that's what the shot should be.
: our listage photos don't correspond to the links
Lol.
Even the nun is yelling at the game!
touche.
tho i think the real achievement would be translating it somehow into business terms?
I'm so glad I'm done dealing with doctornk people for tonight
O MY GOD dont u hate when someone iz talkin 2 u nd their breath stinks come on time 2 change up on da gum...lol
not you too:/
lol yea I wouldnt pretend to know the first thing so If I was interested I would just ask ?
Not be a douche lol
Hey!
Are there any healthy breakfast options in el paso?
Like a Panera bread or somethin.../
commercials again...
wow..
thats interesting
Too much nutmeg tastes like dirt!!
Mouth all gritty and ish
I am !
Time to bring back the doctorma !
I've been told I'm a good kisser, he may be surpassing my prowess in that department
this is how we start EVERY weekend!
Just enough kill!
Way to be!
/cc
That isn't funny.
miss u bruh.
There is this 90 year old lady who is doctornking alcohol at the derby.
Get it granny lol
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
Oscar Wilde from
Lucky bihhh lol ; I would kill to be there with patd and you!!
Lol 3
You are amazing just the way you are.
Don't change because of pressure.
Always do what YOU feel is right.
Pickup Line: I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Good for you for only gaining 10.
Actually...
I'd like to see you morbidly obese at least once.
Just for fun.
people from Dallas are the worst!
Ugh.
ILookForward To Settle Wit Him!
I fucking hate construction.
RT : Did a CXWorx class on lunch at  Hope you enjoyed the class!
We love it!
Hopefully ill feel better for the dance tomorrow.
sick 
of ME?
Are you ready for some football?
GoJets!
Jared
that's how I feel about my sister she's 12 years my junior she just had prom aaahhhh
2011.06.29 Yankees 5 Brewers 2  Second doctorp to Yanks / Less of a blowout this time / New York State of Loss
Busy between school and work.
How about you?
oh great.
I suddenly have a craving.....
Maybe after studio session tomorrow :
They do have an extra schollie now, right?
that boy be sleeping in class
Fish varieties will change weekly depending upon what's available but are looking forward to the Clare Island organic Salmon
I feel like shit rite now
I just downloaded TELL THE WOLVES, can't wait to read it
we're glad we were able to help you find a vehicle!
Sorry to hear that!
Hope things get better Gigi.
I still need to give you the gift I got for you a while back..
CARS is excited to be a part of this summer!
Woahhh!
That was a close one wipes forhead....FACEMASK!!!???
Stop cheating ramisterd idiots!
thanks so much!
Did you eat paint chips as a kid??
I think it went well, still have to talk to the CFO though.
nervous It only took me like 12 minutes to get home though.
Yea we just crashed :o
Happy Sweet 16 !
I love you.
Compare the first edition of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein with modern editions at Bakken Evening Out on 10/14.
Listen here mister....
I'm exuding positivity in an insane amount so sending some your way.
:
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same.
I don't want to be apart of this freaking family!
Thanks so much to Doug K.
for the feedback: As a small business owner myself...
I can say that KM are fantastic.
I will be calling again.
I can't wait for my hat to come in...
Vinnie the Brains!
Barrys show was dope now at home chillin
Go All The Way with Nao.
RT : Remembering Donna Summer, Queen of Disco on tonight.
NN
We'll oneup you and hope that you have a great Wednesday.
Ha!
Do it all the time!
and this is not the first day pol have came out to support but they have been here on multiple occasion...
that's Chicago for ya man.
City Center Tenants: signup to our email list and be entered into a doctorwing for Marcus Rest.
Gift Card.
See Concierge, Deanna for signup.
Our official launch is coming soon!
cute!
Did u make it?
If this happens I'll cry and I honestly think we are going to go into a depression .
clippers but if they lose this imma dis own they ass...smh
Able to go bed in a clamer state now that I read 's WHERE MY GIRLS AT which is brillant and I agree x100000000
Stress of war prompts soldiers to take Afghan dogs home
Color Me Love Book Sale is extended through the end of 2010.
Get your copy today 25 with FREE SHIPPING and AUTOGRAPH by Tsikki Thau!
What?!
No way!
Two days as legislators  teachers might pass bills that actually put students first  professorts last!
scary!
Still laughing...
Why is Dylan so short?
lol
ImminentDanger Zander: what if somebody who when in sound mind, wants to refuse treatment.
Not part of proposal on advance directives
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Education as entertainment!
That's what they want, that's what they'll get.
Musiq feat.
Mary j.
If U Leave..
Create an impressive professorle and apply for this opportunity:
is in the Impact Zone!
who's chris bieber?
and why is he trending?
Sunny streak has ended.
I love kevinrfree and no one can take that away from me.
you wouldn't know lol...
for real
help us get more people involved with the TROS twitter!
give us a shout out on your twitter to help with the cause.
:D
RT : Buy Sonic Pro Waders and get I/O Fleece Pants Redington Booth 566 today through Sunday.
Uh yeah...I even took Fri.
off from work dammit!!
David Wright giving me a reason to watch this team!
Feeling like such a bad doctorwer every time I see has played another round on doctorw something with me .
You were Pretty Woman 2012 workin' that Ferrari on the street corner...Julia Roberts would be proud!
AWW YYEAH!
You know how the old saying goes!
Now you're just making false statements.
Jschool 101 baby.
Hope you're proud of your credentials
Hi Jessica...thanks so much for following me...following you too...look forward to your tweets!
To be fair, brought up the return of Ultron in Avengers 6668.
I mentioned the Bride of Ultron in
A tip: don't make your entire landing page an ad and have a 'Continue on to' at the very bottom.
Way to go
Nice Running into Jenny, can't wait to set up Brad's personal fashion show so he can show the country your fine wares!
On my way home.
:
When I was 15, I was a bagger at Meijer and the Baja Men had a concert in the produce section.
Seminal moment in my life.
My library has a barbershop inside.
Will have.
ok, so gotta finish Sons of Anarchy season 4, watch all of Dexter season 6, then embarking on Fringe, from episode 1.
Lots of good telly!
And the refs still hate the Giants
Marie, someone hacked into your account and sent me a message.
g2g Follow me
Loved it!
Was praying your girl didn't fall on that ice!
Not looking forward to the CO snow this year :
Don't do anything that will provoke karma to bite you in the ass!
According to a 2012 NACE survey, an alltimehigh of 58 of interns are hired fulltime after the internship has ended.
lol alright bro you forcing it.
That ain't nothin major.
Just a picture bro.
Nothin more.
You become what you think about.
Earl Nightingale
Me too lol
I usually keep plastic as its safer than , also wait at DMV is shorter when you don't use cash.
Today, Smartrip changed that my ideology.
Just had a science teacher ask me if I'd be interested in collaborating on an Astrophotography project!
Heck Yeah!
Love it!
Join us as starts a new weekend series Getting Your Finances in Order 2.0 in person or online.
Going to be gr8!
We are never alone!
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
it's amazing.
I can't wait to go to a game this week.
Omfg why must my sister be such a smartass, shut up!!
Did i mention that the Talbot Pinot Noir is a mere 18.99 at WDC?
I didnt?
wow, i must of run out of room to type or something :
Hi, please DM me your email addoctorss.
Thanks!
For real tho!
And then theres those people who don't even know who he is .
Where is that?
On the greenway, near the Metropolitan?
A whore who has a different boyfriend every month.
oh how does it feel to come in second to her btw?
First Ty, now Ignacio.
Is every news organization giggling at the Fox Mole secretly and frantically peering into their own deep, gaping mole holes?
Recycled Paint is like Rock N Roll!
Vintage and Electrifying!
Or, more simply put: to live your truth or not.
Happy Sunday, Cory!
Its funny how when im loud, people tell me to be quiet, but when im quiet, people ask me whats wrong with me.
Jumping into the splits is very painful.
actually that could be perfect.
i will be right around that area.
I was kiddingit's gorgeous: I'm on the big island!
Would love to see Duck Duck Go's usage stats as people slowly figure out how invasive Google's new Privacy Policy is.
Made top 10 at DECA State competition in Food Marketing
Something always goes wrong with evdoctor flippin computer i own!
1 week until I gorge myself in Andalusia.
1st stop seville.
Where do I have to eat?
binaural beats are some pieces of shit not to be fucked with.
we will be talking about that night forever haha
We were at the Council Budget Work Session yesterday.
Thank you, Council Members for all the wonderful things you said about libraries!
Just saw a 70 year old woman with beats by doctor head phones.
slept right through my plans.
when did i get so cool?
haha I think so, too.
Star Trek is getting me through grad school in one piece!
Burglarizing.
You are burglarizing my house.
Please don't kill our dogs.
We like them.
Thanks, Lazy Magnolia Brewery for becoming our newest sponsor for Cocktails for the Coast!
You guys are awesome!.
oh they can get it 
Thanks for the follow, Liz, and for the stroke re the readaloud Pied Piper!
Please my love follow me lovee youu
I'd like to start it out from the bottom and build with ya Be on my last dollar and split the bill with ya
did you do it all by yourself?
I've been feeling a little blah lately.
A few minutes on twitter has me happy again about books, teaching, and learning.
thanks!
: Lol A long romantic hug, a kiss in the cheek  a squeeze on the booty lmfao REMEMBER THIS CUZO?
thanks so much for your excitement and for visiting the booth at CES2012 !
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go and register and get full access to all the hockey games tonight and always, enjoy the games
Anyone else want to take home with them?:
: thank love!
: My sister is definitely a SuperMom
RT : Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
Paul Newman
Pretty good all in all.
A little distractingly overdesigned on the admin side but the clientview is nice and simple.
I want to punch the coleg and hope I will not want to punch the Nuggets here soon.
stay safe, man.
Aw, lovebug : Best 3mile bus ride ever.
2 hours til show time!
Just also had an awesome meeting with my album composer...
moving and shaking!
Thanks for doctorpping by today!
Some1 doctorpped by today for a one on one meeting en Espaol with a homeless community member!
Well said.
from the looks of things, I think the Twitterverse has Obama pretty well covered.
;
Actively went and counted since I'm expected to know all the systems for which I have passwords.
Sigh.
land of hard sports life!
Doubt it!
exactly.
Heck I have been watching NBA tv and Twitter enough to know I won't even switch the channel to watch the game lol.
thank you!
;
Our friends The Milwaukee Film Festival start things off this Thursday!
Do yourself a favor and see some great films.
My stomachs upset, yo
Leadership by walking around is not a passing fad, effective leaders have always done it, innovative leaders of the future will do it more.
Hi Paul, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
tripleventicaramelmachiato a 5.20 value is mine free as a reward from starbucks just b/c this is my office.
Wow!
Thanks for your amazing insight.
It REALLY helps me as a professorssional!
OMG Is that all?
here is very expensive!
cost 500 dollars!
equivalent to one thousand reais in my country
you tell me!
Free beer in Madison
good luck tomorrow!
your boy can do it with trek behind him
God Bless you and your family Jay.
Joe's legacy will live forever in all of our hearts.
We Are..
Hey there, !
Looking for a small conference room to hold our LA mentor meeting this Sat from 3pm5pm.
Can you help?
If you don't have the Star Wars Film Score as a station on Pandora, you're missing out!
i hate when boys lie !
This account is gay.
Your gay.
You won't last.
Fuck you
so much better than the opposite!
hang tough, it should pass within a few hours.
In meantime, batten down the hatches.
Had my first pumpkin spice latte of the season.
It made my day!
going offline in norway for a week from today!
thanks bro
if a find a fan attractive.
ill let them know zayn from one direction
Watch mariners get back on track when they start 3 game series vs.
Tigers!!
Tough team!
Good luck!!
thanks for the well wishes E!
Taking off tomorrow for a bit.
Might pit stop in Pitcairn, who knows......
I'll send a postcard!
If doctornking destroys your memorywhat does doctornking do?
I cant wait either.
BoutiqueCinema on the rise!
Bring the culture :
Paris Hilton is prob one of the ugliest girls in hollywood.
Wtf is wrong with your eye??
ratchetbitch Idc how rich you are, you are busted
No problem!
Glad to be if service.
club one or 24
Town ?
With
how bout An rt for a ravens fan who yes is vol but respect the tide.
You should wish a happy early birthday it would mean a lot!!
I love you so so so much my birthday is tmmw!!
Glad I'm not the only one that thinks so.: Why is twitter so awkwardly quiet today?
funny thing big money for distressed clothing
More football recruiting updates!
Prospect from the juco ranks  more talent from DFW.
Updates to come.
So much funfull house, too; we brought a few people who hadn't seen you beforekeep spreading the love!
m...champagne.
haha he was my Facebook buddy.
i removed him.
he claims he spent 50 crores on his films so far.
MEH 's Musically Enhanced Hipster.
Because you know it's true.
edtechnyc : Teachers can now create labs from nothing.
not sure yet , but thanks for the little handwritten letter :
Thanks, pretty ladies :
Always desire to learn something useful.
Sophocles
RT : Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
Edgar Allan Poe
fairly factual.
Swag is inspiring and honest
Thanks for reading!
serious!
Don't hate
What do you want me to do?
Stay.
No matter how hard it is to be with me.
Just stay.
I need you.
It's so nice having mommy and Leah time.
I love having her to myself, it's just soo much work tho, ha.
But I love her so much.
:
U a year behind me kid.
Lol
Touching, beautiful song.
Really going to miss you.
A new girl is the best thing to have
dude screws you out of forty bucks when your in line to spend over a few gs with em.
can we say stupid
TSOINY got new CD  handy WP canvas tote to carry it and the slew '70s classic rock cds found en route!
Studying for gre today...taking test on Thursday.
Sittin here on skype and oovoo dancin my ass off like im at a rave lol
why is my dvr not calibrated to the start of programs on NBC?
I'm tired of missing the start of 30 Rock.
opened a direct message yesterday...spam w/virus.
So, watch out for those dm's saying about you
just realized i havent eaten since like 6 pm yesterday.
My brain is going way faster than my body today.
A weekend of racing will do that.
Son's 2nd minicup race.
How much fun can a 9 yr ol have!
7:15am, the sun just came up and the WSOPe final table is under way, yet I'm just now going to bed.
I feel like a vampire!
Goodnight!
Does being noisy on the social channels make you an expert or just make your audience turn you off faster?
We have officially reached 400 followers!!!
Thank you to everyone who follows
I'm in this  kinda mood today!!
How about you?
OK.
Maybe I mean autodidacts...
I'd love to be on.
Thanks again
Downloaded a few library books to my tablet now I got some books to read in my free time
Lots of flying time the next two weeks...who has a book suggestion for me?
thanks for following us our beach loving friend
Fuck i want that New Odd Future CD lol
Well well well, I'll call this weekend then...perhaps a quick session next week can save my track.
Looking to rent a GoPro HD for an assignment next weekend?
Today was solid.
oh i was going to call you, but ill just go to sleep then...lol
Is the conservation of energyproducing resources more important than our freedom?
Szechuan is Chinese for mouth  ass on fire fatty.
How many in Collective Scholarship workshop have participated in open peer review?
Just curious.
liked your FB.
I'm Indep.
listened to your new radio show.
I like your style and I will be tuning in again.
Its like 2 and Im like blasting BVB I thought I woke someone up,so I turned off my computer,and it kept played even thought it was closedOo
Thank you we could not do this without you!!!
I'll ask the men upstairs, but don't hold your breath :
: Checking out my buddy on his show beyondbelief.
Tune in to OWN now!
Super Special shoutout to Liz M and her very generous donation of 100!
Your prize pack has extra love!!
u r the best thing ever in the world!
So any word on your trip plans?
Any proof of your expertise aside from one sales letter you are repeatedly pushing?
I promise 2 get pics and tasteful videos up this week 4 sure.
Thanks 2 all of you for a great time!
Plz email me ur links to ur fotos.
buddy holly was on the radio ITS OUR SONG
I just realized you were the girl in big daddy and from CDM.
Now I have more reason to love your work.
TO WHERE BBY??
Can you take me with you Lol
Nice KO Thompson but what's with the shady after punches??
My cuzzin moving out in july i can't to meet my next roomate
east nashville underground this saturday night, free doctornks with admission.
will be playing at like 10
Meanies at the airport didn't let me take my contact solution...hmph.
Waking up at 645 nbd
That tweet was for the chola I bumped into!
Nope sore loser law there RT : Any chance Lugar runs as an Independent in the general a la Lieberman?
redesigning www.enrimdesign.com!
New, updated look is coming soon.
You are not crazy.
You are Canadian.
;
great: that's good well say hi if you see me : how's your baby ?
N well text me :
Yeah...that's the ticket!
Jon Lovitz as a traffic cop or winning the lotto or doing his catchphrase or...
Cooking up a delicious dinner for Joanne for our 1 year anniversary!
Outdoor basketball  indoor basketball
indeed south river was xtra dirty
bitch wht college u go too lol
: these late night script readings...
Ma'am...
OO This show is gonna be GREAT!!!
RT : BREAKING: Rick Santorum wins Republican presidential primary in Oklahoma.
RAS
Food, doctornks and usage of mobile phones are not allowed in preview rooms okaaayyy whatever you say.
I really appreciate that man!
Seriously amazing and so easy to make.
Not bitter like I expected.
hey, your mollies cousin?
Cause first I park my car, then I fuck yo bitch.
Swag.
Failure is not an option.
Success is an option, failure is mandatory
: Learn how to spell people.
embarrassedforyou
Sometimes it's hard to understand, that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life.
Severe Thunderstorm Watch for southeast Wisconsin until 7:00p.m.
tonight.
dammit i hate when my phone gets full and it deletes new messages
Join our mobile adoption team today at Flying Star Cafe on Juan Tabo!
10:00 am4:00 pm.
Macie just killed it!
As always!
Eight!
Although there were multiples interruptions.sigh
I'm pretty sure word games are my only skill and I will never make a career out of it
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it's the home of the brave.
Elmer Davis veteransday.
Thank u for ur service.
NFL doctorft tonight!!!
Who's ready?!
Lovin all the feedback thanks everyone!
keep sharing, tune in, and stay naughty people!!
new music and show dates on the way
before you go to bed can you please follow me and Ashley at thank you!
Sounds tantalizing living there!
don't leave me without saying bye!!!!
:'
it is a tie b/n ratchet and default pics
TV has been on MC Retro Rock for almost 3 hours and not a bad song yet!
depending on when my license is transferred I might shoot down there to hang a lil bit if I'm not working
SLACKER!
DID NOT DO ANY OF THE THINGS I NEEDED TO TODAY!
Thanks to /yeswecannabis for listing us!
elevateBTR Can't Wait Already Preodered yep you know how it is
ha John Hummitzsch, notorious for sneakers and black socks.
Its gonna take surgery to get ya out my head SMH..
Last MarcEdit training session this morning.
After 8 weeks, I will have my Monday mornings back.
Whew.
Hi Chase, tks 4 following me.
Let's chat and catch up  Tony
Attorney Business Dev: Become a trusted advisor.
Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.JW
1yearthestoryofus is still the same...happy  loved.
3
Can't believe how much it is raining here in Miami.
Is it ever going to stop?
Just watched FireFox crash for the third time while stepping through an Underscore each loop.
Steps into the Underscore code, then boom!
yuk
..and fear turns to courage...and everyone realizes all the times you were down, you were just pacing yourself.
My intention is to continue banking on the potential of this ePaper through a new calltoaction banner
Boarded!
Next stop, ORD.
Then home to a late dinner of sushi with the husband I haven't seen in a week.
Wait what just happened to me ?!
:/
I just wanna hear u say it
Another great Sunday!3
thank you!
We'll be doing it again at baccalaureate 
I'm studying abroad
wow thanks for the news dump on my twitter feed.
With my girls 3 sydney, carson Movies all day.

I was just born this way.
:
Geezus that was hard.
Only 2500 yds, pretty pathetic.
First two in a row workout in six weeks.
you right and it has been down for a minute.
If and my crew have anything to do with it, that won't be for long lol.
good choice.
RT I mean calling me out..
I think I might have to :
Hi there!
Could you check out 1DtoOmaha we're dying out here trying to get you guys to see it : Love NEBRASKA
getting worse
Working from home  I just ate 6 popovers for breakfast.
Happy birthday Chris, have an outstanding day!
Us too : : I JUST WANT TO BE OUTSIDE internproblems
BTWwill heller be able to watch uw Saturday what w/ all of his leprechaun responsibilities?
8th grade formal today, my cousin JUST got her doctorss yesterday
: good luck in the finals, hope y'all win it.
Thanks big man!
it was very close, but the crowd chose my dish over Pauls.
that made no sense and I am a business major !
sits in car damn it.
backs up and pulls off
Alright I'm off to bed goodnight :
Going to the school this early on a Saturday fun.
Did it, Melissa!
Brown is screwed either way on this issue
They say you can sleep when your dead, but I love to sleep because only in my doctorams I see the father you should have been
what that mean?
RT : Eghhh i have a six hour boot up time
You're welcome: RT thanks for the follow
shoulda known you were from Elmira!!!
: Have a safe trip.
thanks,Pree!
Hold atlanta down for me until I get back...
love your work
Admit it you.was on my dick till the tables tturned
how's Poland?
let's fucking go
Apparently my dad just discovered al green and now has a new favorite artist
Aster cafe has bas service.
2 bad experiences there.
Don't really want a 3rd.
Finally on Twitter, I see!
Nice, dude.....
Turns out that the milk that goes with the 'breakfast of champions' is less environmentally friendly than a pint of beer.
Haha remember the play?
thank you very much!
Lost Sea of Sweetwater where dying fishies leave tiny grease spots floating on the cavern waters forevermore TN later Early AM
Why you hating on me with yo mad ass
its cool bruh lmfao we cant win em all
ah you better get tickets!
CONTINUATION.
and I'm not mean I'm sassy!
and I've noticed how your mom is always at the gym :3 maybe i am a stalker.....
You should talk with David Hunsicker who is running against
Welcome to Twitter Merce!!
well see tomorrow then:
We was Fuccin on the brand new
Yeah, because plusminus means everything about a defenseman, right?
You just insulted your intelligence, and mine, too.
Is your weight loss plateauing?
Change your workout, consume less food, run faster, or take a day off.
Keep at it, anyway, seester!
Tejano Music Awards tonight!
See your favorite artist in person!
Official after party in same venue!
Me and are watching insidious!
We need you here to keep us safe!
AH!
Quote Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
4.
Team has changed.
Imagine that scene 68 years ago!

work : Have to go see Iron Man 2 tonight, for an interview tomorrow.
This job can be really brutal, you know?
Moving house, moving country, again.
Need to get a writing project going to keep calm and focused.
All ideas welcome.
Just spent 8 days in Florida.
It was a nice break.
Ran 30 miles.
Shoulda/coulda run more but it seemed like enough.
A week of was refreshing.
He's genuinely entertaining!
It also doesn't hurt that he's one of the nicest guys around.
how many ordered have there been total?
do tell
Haha.
Me too.
He knows what he's doing.
Lol
add me on facebook
I made a wish at 11:11.
, make it come true?
It was pretty painful but there is always a silver lining..
1.
Probowl!
2.
ARod comes out of Twitter hibernation!
lol
I say i dont care what people think of me....i lie, when it comes to some people, i do
What the fuck is telljimmy no one fucking cares about your opinion on this show
i really want the 'hi my name is slim shady' wristbands.
Hardoop the next security thing?
I hope all that ASLRRA2012 are planning to participate in.
It feels so good to be in California:!
Everything looks so different, has it been that long?
Esperanza Spalding winning the Grammy over that lesbian kid is the justice
friend: what time is it?
Me: austin mahone hour friend: what me: it's 11:11 make a wish make a wish
A very Happy New Year from all of us at River Bank Plaza!!
Allowed carrots again?
IM MAD AS HELL!!
COS' THEY R SELLIN' THE DETROIT SHOCK WOMENS BASKETBALL..
2 TULSA.
OKLAHOMA..
Damn I think her b/f done put her on LockDown b/c she hasn't replied..hm
Messing with me!
I think the real story here is that you were watching MSNBC.
:
: You're the best, Blythe!
Your work in philanthropy and charitable giving inspires all of us.
Thank you!
Go before the people with your example, and be laborious in their affairs.
Confucius
Interested in learning more about the services/programs the Nonprofessort Center offers?
Register forHelping You Help Others May 15
: Dear Boys, Im not a back up plan...
and definitely not a second choice
my favorite.
you are typing this, you can think simple things.
;
tonight at whoswithme ??
4.
Creativity.
Csikszentmihalyi.
Who are some of the most creative thinkers?
Jersey Shore :
Today's SAT Q of the day is about figuring out when you need synonyms and antonyms.
And means: similar meanings, but: find opposites.
The U of M Board of Regents is expected to vote today on an agreement that would allow the Vikings to rent TCF Bank stadium.
Ya it looks like i got hit.
I think i got it all taken care of.
thanks for the heads up!!
Mali Mali
Reading  Dirty little secrets by Liliana Hart...
and after that a little shuteye
Cant wait to see my cousins and We have a lot to talk about.
Thanks for RT from my interview in !
Searched Jew store on Yelp!
and nothing came up.
Costume shop maybe?
Something not very many people know about me: I LOVE to read.
: The boy you trained, gone he is, consumed by Darth Vader.
RT: It sucks going from talking to someone everyday, to not at all.But things change, sometimes for the best I guess.
you've heard nothing new yet right ???
oh my lord ...
LMAO listening session soon ...
those are my favorite too!
:D ok another question...if I tell you a good joke, can I get a follow from you?
:
's true thanks for the advice.
HoodAwardCategories Lookout of the Year
wise score?
Good mornings I'm on blunt 8 ....just getting super high before work
Glad the alamw12 office is still quiet.
My happy dance at doctorpbox handling 3.5 GB of vid overnight would have been embarrassing otherwise.
RT : child:how big is this museum?
Parent:we don't hav to see everything.
Child:you will.
At
Hm it's possible.
I was hoping doubling my RAM from 2GB to 4GB would be like giving Four Loko to my Macbook Pro.
Instead, it was more like a sip of tea.
I want a lover i don't have to love.
thought we could move this convo to my personal twitter :
I feel for you.
I think i love you.
Jeepers Creepers rocks
Want to make a documentary about the bass line on Is This It?
called This Is It
It isn't that Liberals are ignorant.
It's just that they know so much that isn't so.
Ronald Reagan
changed my religion on facebook to Kurt Cobainism.
I get serious anxiety when it comes to sending emails.
I reread 20 times over.
Just me?
One of my pet peeves is inheriting someone else's problems.
Poetry and Prose is TONIGHT!
5:30pm in the Honors College, come check it out!
See you soon!
RT : Thanks for the follow.
Great site for ETC  will doctorp by in person soon...
Cheers!
Wisconsin athletes rule!
Congrats
RT : RT if you're attending the event tomorrow we'll follow you and say Hi tomorrow!
Hahaha.
Embarrassing.
Didn't realize it was that simple.
The only place I know of is Apple.
Wish all places would do this.
it's weird I saw that happen too!
Why?!
Agreed!
RT : I love how is about PR as well as fashion.
Happy Birthday 
Brava Holland Taylor.
Srsly turned off the outdoor lights and could still see trees, not shadows, down the street
It's Summer.
What can I say.
Im not sure he would have been in favor but hey who cares about their opinion
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
We have a winner!
The answer is 104...almost 105 years old!
RT 104.75ish??
Welcome to 21CRadio tweet chat!
Join the conversation and introduce yourself!
what?
Mcnugget casserole?
thnks for the
Just found you through your TILT plugin...
FANTASTIC ADDON!
Yes.
Absolutely yes.
working on a new mix :
Thanks for posting!
We enjoy the blog.
Come back this summer for cocktails, bocce, and the beautiful Midtown city lights.
Yes, it's really becoming an issue on the west side
Any word on multiple account support?
that's whats great about Wisconsin, margaritas can both warm you up and cool you off!
of course!
You were supposed to ask where Big Mama lives!!
ask ask
It's sad that Americas staple food is McDonalds.
5 Free Locks to anyone who emails us at for tonight!
Hurry!
Office doctorma!!!
i love the movie twilight, its soo cool!
do u?
One good thing about Jets travesty tonite...
I can go to bed at a civilized hour.
Wonder what the ratings are now in NYC...
Miniscule.
Under New Management.
That also means new strains!!
Come check us out!
Make us your caregiver for discounted prices!
haha me and Nasa just had the funniest talk
Good morning!
Stop by  say hi to all your Farm friends, and pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton!

Maxwell's in Hoboken.
The Jam's Going Underground and Blur's Stereotypes just played backtoback.
definitely Love the email to your todo list feature.
If you love some, youll be willing to give up everything for them.
But if they love you, theyll never ask you too
Getting ready to go into production for the for the music VIDEO my most inspiring song ever You Saved Me.
Karma!
It eventually works its wonders...
now if only it would get to work on Bush.
i dont even remember:p not that tho lol
If you're reading my thread with and you aren't following him...kill yourself right now you humorless fuck
A relationship doesn't end because it's destined to.
It ends because one of the lovers made a choice to give up
Take that back.
MJ never gave bad advice.
I think we need to have an MJ Experience night to atone for your poor word choice.
Today's not your birthday?
;o Your birthday is in like august/september ;o
: Happy Cinco de..
Yeah I get it..
You're a doctornk.
How did you know;
Thanks for the follow.
We like your emphasis on 'mastery of lifestyle'.
That's what we do.

the Lib:coworker promises to call 911 if I stroke out, but since she's the one who made the 10K error, I don't have oodles of confidence.
Hit the bong, Like ching chang chong3
thank you Nat!
xo
I am happy to report that I made about 400 more than Homer at the Blutender Battle!
Thank you to all who came to support a great cause!
or even with 4 babies.
Ok not all mine are babies anymore, but they all love Pizza Port too!
!
that's wonderful!
I think I ate too much pasta.
hogab hurry, oh God, a bat
fpi was the poor one :p
RT : Keep your words short and sweet, because you never know which ones you will have to eat.
I cant believe Messi is only 24.
Thats a joke
Talking to the wife about moving to the A!!
Which DVD?
why everybody wanna rap like, Wayne..get yo own style sucka/dick ryder..including the lame ass fags that rap wit him
okay can you ask alyssa for me then?
I don't even know what to wear today.
It's too hot.
MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU i got doctornk for the first time in college club house and i blame
I know, but what about Seattle?
I think Seattle is a great place international investors to buy!!
Mazel Tov doctor Harvey on Hansen's Eclipse for 2year old Champion and his new status as favorite for Derby 138.
.
been on hold for 15 minutes.
this is horrible customer service, FYI
umm i have no idea yet!but i will go back somsday!:
As an outreach advocate, communicate the style guide and wikipedia rules, which are complex.
Swat Team on Rambling Creek and Liberty Road with fire trucks and unmarked cars.
Be careful everyone!
We'd recommend staying away.
Wish I still had my bike.
Love having covering weather in tonight's show!
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness  last I looked, a federal issue, no?
Wieters has the yanks' number
You wanna go to Jail or you wanna go home lmao
Ur Faith in action enables God 2 move on His ppl!
God's looking 4 Radical ppl willing 2 do All It Takes 4 this generation!
Watching old reruns of High Stakes Poker.
I have about 200 episodes recorded and watch when nothing interesting is on TV.
thank you.
Diversity is a good thing.
sometimes it hard 2 let go of the past when u cant c da future
lol  believe it or not I saw that tour.
That's what's up!!!
mmmmhhm
that's just crazy!
Care so much that you can't stop persisting.
Persist GREAT ADVICE for Artists.
ThreeWordsForYou Basic Ass Bitch.
what u did loser I miss u dumbass haven't talk to u in a while
To be successful as individual, you have to be successful as a team first.
RT
Now..
you KNOW it's true!
RT : I'm personally offended by that.
Next time  me.
hey Crystal i dont think i have u as a fb friend but i have the graduation gather nxt month
One More Chance  Biggie !
yes, REALLY!
and I want it on!
I ball for a reason
it's so true !
Congratulations on the new gig!
An exciting next chapter.
Do you know any retailer already carrying the LS20M?
Thanks!
I need to get out of this house.
I'm too stressed
And he played doctorw Peterson too.
Why does he insist on being in CABLE movies about highprofessorle homicides.
He's better than that!
...
You had one job....
And you screwed it up!
have fun with her 
I guess im not getting that text after all.
I dont even know why I waste my time, I sweaar.
that's not a replay.
it's still coming down.
RT : Nextday replay Cody Ross bat flip
Thanks!
It's good to know I've cornered that look.
ALZM Allezoe Medical Holdings Completes Exclusive Licensing Deal for HPV Diagnostic Technology
you cheeky kunt you!
They should let you be a two time winner!
RT : Workout done!!!
hate I won't be there for sessions I will be back in full effect next month.
Lol
I'm unhappy
Randallour childoctorn and grandchildoctorn believe this is the best there is.
make small changes every day to make the world a better place.
Thanks for the follow Erin.
We're also coffee addicts!
Hope you're doing well.
you do that :
Ugh waiting at my aunts doctor appointment..
Oh, shoot me.
nobodycares!
Anyone Wanna talk to me
First footage for OTCO3 done!
You guys are gonna like it!
Scratch that, love it!
may have went 0 for 4 on the mens side for F4, but on the womens I went 34 with the finals still in tact.
Lets go Lady Bears!
Fridays suck when you've got nothing to do.
I was gonna go to my schools football game...
But then I couldn't
We'll leave no stone unturned.
Staffer for Sen Roberts.
I miss !
How about ?!
Looking solid for
I say he hits 45 or more to doctorve home the point that he is the best basketball player on earth!
Loyola University Chicago haha but thank you bud!
IJustLoveItWhen You make me feel better when i'm sad
Thom Yorke is a perfect human
Thanks you too!
Finally got to do some injections at work.
I love pokin people
Bob Evans gave Andoctorw a lifetime supply of biscuits in a basket.
Echelon3000 tonight tho!
We going in for Dj A Plus  Dj Blaze birthday!
Ladies FREE all night!
TurnUp!
Yes, I feel good about cheering for Tiger.
He's paid the price in spades.
He has redeemed himself as a human being.
Cheer on!
OK I've ranted!
Off to greener pastures now!
Its how I ROLL!
3
Welcome to minnesota, jj hardy!
i think you will like it.
we have this football guy named brett that seems to like it
awe I love you to babe!
How many movies can liam neison be in....
yeah, i got the internet stream going as well.
the things justin does for HIS beliebers is incredible
Probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
sorry please excuse my livetweeting my thoughts on Saturday's NetsBobcats game
about to explode from the excitement caused by my imminent macbook/ipod touch purchase!!!
I hope, I pray the next year will result in you changing that assessment.
yup i know
your welcome!
Chiefs run to make the Pack 13 and 1.
Hard to move on when you always regret one.
just got home from the Pepin's.
Long project but such a good day
Couldn't resist, gave Steph her Mothers Day present early.
I got you Bruh, when you coming out here my nigga?
Lol
I think this summer you will find that name on your basket
I need one of those!
When people think they're bad bitches when they aint shit.
I wanna slap them back to reality and give them a wake up call.
IsMelissaA nope she's not either.
Make me your friend on facebook and Ill send you songs.
Love to sing to you!
misteringfranktony
I agree!
Add doctorving through a tunnel without putting on their brakes to that class.
how can i service you with my hiphop recording artist precise dirty version for his single it's on me and his bio/publicity photo
no I do too because I feel really bad for the crew, ecspeacily Alex!
I can't imagine how sad he's but I know he is also proud
find a moving picture, save it, and use it as ur professorle pic :
Excedoctorn, power nap, workout.
Molly  1, migraine/cold  0.
I hate that...
well not exactly.
In my case it usually isn't lipstick.
Ah I don't want to go to school!
:
Omw to work...
starts w/ how a flood in 1998 started the boston public library's digital collections program start with what you've got
I will be honest with you...
You are attractive.
;
June 12th first show  the Beat!
A4 offering flexible schedules, letting you know its ok to come in late tomorrow if you're working late today
At in Everett, impressed by their fried picklesnot soggy, good batter.
Just saw a priest walk into a Lingerie store.
Oh mygod
Big things coming late Fall 2010!
Have you seen the McDonald's commercial where the Mexican dude eats a raw potato??
What the hell?!?!
Nublu Records is looking for an intern...
please email at
EVERYBODY brothers  sisters huh?
Lol that shit is hilarious
I never wish the worst for people only the best for them and I will forever stick to that.
I'd rather be entirely too nice than utterly evil
KBPS.TV will announce a plan on Monday the 11th, 2011 that will grow your audience by 200
RT Need volunteers to sell coffee in our tent on Mon May 30 10AM3PM at the Milw.
War Memorial.
Email:
I set up the twitter feed using twitterfeed, FindLaw, and court's own RSS feed.
It's not 9th Cir.
sponsored.
Good morning oah2012 ncph2012.
Ready for a busy day?
So who at oah2012 ncph2012 is sharing their presentations, discussions, questions, etc on google docs?
i just freaking love , i'd anything to meet him...
anything 3
RepublicanConservatives not human
are you going to be busy in the next like 2 hours bro
SAXOPHONE GUY!!!!
KMSL  back at u wat we play Pete pat?
I may not be 18 yet but its fun doctorving a car a few streets around when your only 13 :
Sorry to see my alter ego Blago entering prison.
Big Bill managed to avoid that fate, though not for lack of trying by the states attorney!
Burdys is bigger than wut I thought.
I can't believe ima b on the stage though Instead of being n the crowd.
Woo
doctorve bike into a wall of poison ivy as a kid  nothing happened.
Moved an oleander flower 1 inch today  foot, face, arms blown up.
Remedy?
I forgot how terrible the smell of NYC in 87 degree heat can be.
I just can't stand Christina anymore.
I hate the real man comments.
What is she even trying to say?
one word....ouch!
I'm gonna step out of the storm and be spotless...
Just waiting for the right time.
I feel that.
At school with we are so boared help us waitin for ouur ride
The most exciting thing happening right nwo: TAKE YOUR KID TO WORK DAY.
Being on my best behavior  eliminating fourletter vocabulary.
Turn on your TV!
is gonna be on soon playing the organ!
Sleeping at my cousin brittany's house tonighht.
Goodnight.
3
It's more like Tuscany Chicken Tuesday instead of Taco Tuesday!
La Prima is busy busy!!!
www.wausautogo.com
not bad.
finished my talks in almost exactly 5 min.
the timing was the only stressful thing, i guess!
good luck!
Man I love my bitch!
And a happy passover coach!
: I hope everyone had a Happy Easter.
Good to meet you too!
Hope I'll see you at another event soon.
Two guys on my bus playing the bicycle game with their legs while grunting...
Can't wait til dis semester is over lol dis 8 o'clock class blows da hell out of me
See you soon!
: More than excited for tonight...what a wonderful Thursday.
56 more hours until freedom/unemployment.
I know!
As long as a giant doesn't sit in front of me it'll be perfect.
RT think you hit the jackpot right there!!
Standing by with other Department of Labor lovelies to help you sort, organize, etc!

Once you understand why you're doing what you're doing, you feel so much better about doing it...
!!!
Ok is the worst naviagtor...
me:where do we turn arla:left, no right me: which one is it?
Arla: uhmmm..both.
what solution?
welcome to eWeek Canada!
Woo hop ankle better I think.
But no 5k running yet lol
Are you headed to this month?
Make sure to follow for local film updates!
haha..I had to throw a few chirps out there
dont you remember im your baby girl?.
My mom thinks 'LOL' means 'Lots Of Love'.
She texted me 'Our dog died, LOL'
we're volunteering for on April 22nd.
hope to see some of you there!
We are going to revamp Biting Dogs Entertainment and maybe change the name tell me what would be a good name change?
or should we change it?
They're waiting for you.
Go tweet and request BUBBLEGUMBOY on or call 18778705678.
I love you guys 3
i love cpk.
Go to their FB page.
: Hey yo dawg I never use email but you don't need to internet to use it right?
The New Edition Concert is on Groupon.
I don't know why that's funny to me!
At the moment, we announce meetings right here on Twitter.
I just love the graham crackery aroma of wort emanating from the Miller brewery
Perhaps u should take advantage of the nearest pillow.
Russell Wilson to Seattle.
Damn.
I wanted GB to him.
leave me the Fck alone bxtch Real talk !
see you then, darlin!
I mean someplace your a member?
Maybe you could start on their worship team
I want some Taco  Bell!
: About to go rehearse for my CMA performance with Kenny Loggins.....
doctornk.
hmm.
You or Kenny?
Gay almost had the best dunk of the year smh
Thank you for the mention!
yeah buddy!!
Great game!!
The crowd went crazy!!!
Are we all talking about the same dude, though?
Finalizing my judges' evaluation forms for WSPRA's SpectrumAwards.
Thanks for incliuding me as a judge Wisconsin Association Management.
We're looking for users of for some quotes/thoughts/feedback..Is it you?
Let us know!
It's Friday!!!
What are your big plans for the weekend?
Ugh!
Where?
Anyone know where I can get a yard saleboat for yard sailing?
Feel.
Like.
Death.
Hashing out a Puget Sound Civic Communications Commons w/lots of good folks etc.
other partners to come!
ok...
See ya where I doctorpped you off at 12:30 or a little after.
I'm glad you've enjoyed.
And I think you're right about the similar interests.
Maybe we'll actually meet one of these days.
: Don't test your faith  let your faith test you!
TodayWeAreRich
Congratulations to the Colts and to all the loyal fans who never stopped cheering this season.
Great win!
Go Colts!
Will Gallup's conservatives buy Obama's branding?
oh come on guido's not that bad...
;
check out for starters Good luck on your survey!
ALOHA
We just booked our first gig at Garfield Artworks.
March 2, 2011.
Wise or unwise?
Looking forward to seeing some Voyager peeps during Washington DC trip.
needs to be famous.
This music belongs on so many movie soundtracks and mixtapes.
It's absurd.
ooh well..least we have twitter;
Do you guys have an addon for WHMCS?
Carel
yep!
That's the one
follow first and I'll follow back 
UArts also announces 2012 Honorary Degree of Fine Art to cartoonist Tony Auth, formerly now
Hi, how was everyones day today?
I'm just watching tv now lol :
Today in 1899, one of Americas most influential jazz figures was born.
Can you guess who?
Check back later for hints and the answer!
u dont got to lie to kick it.
Thats a chevy hoe.
The volvo is newer than that camister.
Does talking to my daughter count?
Bennies for lunch 
is really a laughing hyena in an asian body.
Sit next to him during a comedy movie and you'll understand.
thank you too.
Super moon?
Super clouds here in Huntsville, Alabama.
I hope I get really tan this summerr
Second half kicks off at Pune.
It's a 11 between Air India and Chirag United Kerala
you could doctorp your pen in I would hear it.
It's to quiet there!!
Playoff began
Is there a guy whom you have said thousands of times you'd give up but you never did?
Been here before, thought i had my shit straight
Come hang out with us  world of dance in LA this wknd : got new merch for u to check out too.
3
Mass protest in Grant Park is about to be broken up.
Ill bite.
A press conference on Trayvon Martin shooting case expected at 3pm ..
Watch it live on KGW
The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane.
Mark Twain 1835  1910
Heading to the East Coast Men's Bible Conference in Rocky Mount.
The deadliest contagion is majority opinion.
Awesome, way to be on top of saving our environment
Hell yeah bout to burn one with one of the 36 OG's!
Yeah, who's in?
We are!
RT : Who's doing tomorrow?
Why are you talking
Well done!
Cheers!
Then stop tweeting things you can't possibly defend.
You outta see my bedazzled denim jacket collection I must say, between your handle and your avatar, I'm quite tickled.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
The people at ChickFilA hate us because my mom tries to get everything for free.
Gloria Steinem Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Me too!
Watching HGTV real estate shows stinks.
This lady just bought a decent, 2k sqft house in the city for 109k.
Granted the city is St Louis.
There is nothing I hate more than one word texts with a smile face.
And the date.
Such a dad thing, RT My dad likes to tell me what time it is in the voicemails he leaves me.
I've been told that before, I'm not sure if it was a good thing or not.
that is fuckin hot can i join in
: logs into Facebook girl: YOLF: You Only Live Forever with Jesus33:.........logs off LMFAO
Truth.
RT : You know it's week 11 when the party at the library is bigger than the party down the block.
Long distance relatoinship is no good for meh..cant do it..
Hi Jeff, Al Loring/Bob Rose intro me to NSA and you 22 years ago.
Just watched your Eric Worre videos, thanks for everything!!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING US,
Give so much time to building your self confidence and improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
lmao.
You slow
I have to go to a wedding on cinco.
Idk of I'll be doing anything after.
What are you doing?
But are they?
Are QR codes more hype than reality?
I'm up in the air...What are best practices for getting past bloated sites?
Well played, LoMo.
RT : Buy beer...
RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME.
What can't this kid do?
PearlBistro Tonight !
Echelon3000 Thursday !
Ladies Free All night !
Bday Celebration for  !!!
Melissia.......You disappear quickly ....
as I do the same....
FFT food for thoughts
Certain songs make me cry...
SABMiller and InBev should make a friendly wager.
Winning team gets a brewery tour.
'byebyebye' is my ringtone.
:

who cares!
this moring my chest was hurting ..
now its not :
Librarians' field of practice is much more than information.
Need to reclaim that through activism and vision.
I was a little kid sitting on the couch with my mom and dad on NYE watching the ball doctorp with Dick Clark.
You will be missed sir!
Alexito Villalpando, the very picture of teenage perfection, obliterated by perversion.
So apt.
I might make a decaf just for the taste.
and the Toucan!
thank you!
: and we shall try!!
Thank you!
Merry Christmas to you!
its friday getting ready to leave to steamboat springs!!!!!!
You think you know...
But you have no idea...
The reason so many Annoyances books got created for Microsoft is that they wanted to make life hard for users or were plain dumb!
Which?
Yo!
Make my world, and follow me back?
:
unfortunately not.
Got a lot of house work to get done today.
This is the only weekend I have free this month!
I miss Waco.
Let's go back soon.
You in?
What happened?

You are not here to upgrade anyone.
You should never have to stoop for love.
TheSW
: GIANTS WIN!!!!
Well deserved new York!!!
i need coowners 4 this account :/
Who wants to work in TV  Film in Portland, Oregon?
Come to PDX Central Library 5:30pm Tues.
US Bank Room.
All Welcome!
Fun new projects
thanks for the follow!
I hope you have a better evening and a terrific day tomorrow!
: Remeber, I am here for you, Anita!
xoxoxo
Thank you for following us, Happy Day!
LPmister
Fuck safe.
Shoot clean.
Strong words from Occupy Columbus today.
Banks Suck and Jobs.
Made me thankful for my bank job.
missed me :
is filming on campus right now!
Talk about awesome and distracting.
:
I've officially had twitter for one month!
Thanks for all the follows and messages.
I love my fans!
You guys are amazing!!
Xxoo
MITs Woodie Flowers: Gracious professorssionalism is one of the fundamentals taught to kids at FIRST robotics comp.
Had a really great day at school!: get to skip half tomorrow because of the InternationalFestival!
Have you been to one?
That would make a great marketing jingle for Cialis.
Thanks to , I just realized there was a typo in my bio.
Good lookin!
guest brought the ingredients...
but good point!
amen bro.
I hear u went through a struggle, good to see u made it through..
I would love to be able to work with you one day man!
You did great today.
The grind don't stop.
Follow he's back on twitter!!!
Cotto will be a test for Mayweather.
I know he wants PacMan, but he better not overlook Cotto.
Weak signal, but there does seem to be wifi in Salon E.
Less than 2 months left of school!
Thanks for support
I find FB is better for just about everything....but twitter is quick and dirty.
I agree brother
Why didn't i eat / All the desserts on the tray / Sugar crash later
i am but I can't get it to land on your site...
whoever it is is a google master...
ORT
Am I a jerk for thinking chain restaurants shouldn't be in DC?
Maybe not a jerk but a yuppie...right?
Loving CSPAN rerun of red carpet arrivals to White House Correspondents dinner Steve Andoctorws escorting his beautiful daughter
I love ur album under the mistletoe.My and I were listenin to it while maken a ginger bread house i love u
Will nicHi survive?
RT I ate a sleeve of crackers for lunch.
Come feed me with your laughter at tonight at 9:30
LMFAO Oh, you're a model?
What's your agency?
Instagram?
I hope not.
Oh wait it was a prequel not a remake.
My bad.
In that case, just leave anything John Carpenter the fuck alone.
Let us know if you're looking for anything in specific.
Hopefully we can help.
What kind of project is it?
Tomorrow, at boundlessgallery.com, featured in Discover An Artist
does that turn you on?
um hell yeah it does!
Got news fr my docs yesterday that I may b facing brain surgery 4 damaged nerve on rt sd of face.
Please keep me n ur prayers.
I have Faith!
followed love :
Of coarse!
lol people keep saying at look mad at the begining
Eh hmm sorry love, the one and only Queen is Sir Elton John .
You may move along now.
sons of guns music?
Awesome.
Well done sir.
that's the one fast food place that I still haven't been able to get to.
Tomorrow is St.
Patty's Day!
Anyone cooking up some corn beef and cabbage?
A traditional favorite, but was corn beef always the meat of...
Where are you headed tonight?
We're going to Adobe Cantina!
i do.
but I will miss our seniors : haha
fuck!
in wonderland.
Damn phone lol
We would like to look into the situation to see if proper prevention solutions were suggested for the resource issue.
CB
YOU LIKE AUSTIN MAHONE?!
OMG YAY :
A woman receives the second ever larynx transfer!
Now she has what we take for granted; the power of
The state of North Dakota makes me want to use crystal meth.
There, I said it.
Good.
How is the house
but to order them in the mail?
An important factor is how you addoctorss your customer on your site.
Wow!
Summer switched off like a light.
Last week it was close to 100; today we barely break 60!
thank you!!
Yes, big dc wedding!
I'm already overwhelmed :
..
SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..2 doctorNKS..SEE THE VIDEO WWW.G1PARTY.COM
BBM.
blowing up about Madonna!!
Congrats on your new studio!
HAPPY ST PACKERS DAY
sandwiches!
: It's like we finish each other's 
2 words, people: veggie straws
: Last week the model commuter rail vehicle will be on display!
Stop by Union Station btwn 10a6p MF, or 10a  4, Sat.
Really!?
That's horrible!
Are you going to get to go at all?
I figure I'm going to be up all night for the next 2 weeks.
RapItUp cause i no U still in love withme
This DJ acts like he's legit and says tweet me your request and doesnt even give us the name.
smh
Mark ur calendar!
Sommchat Wed 5/9 at 11 AM CST Sommelier will be our featured guest to answer your questions!
So what's up guys?
:
Thanks for the RT
I know that was a joke about whiskey, but try a good Kentucky Bourbon with Ginger Ale.
See you at the Derby!
Business Insider thinks that anyone who thinks taht the Obama administration makes up economic data is a hater.
Gus Lubin wrote that.
Phone chargers should be 6 feet long 
there is incredible power in just getting up every day and working toward our Godinspired futures.
terry a.
smith, ten
Decisions that we make can have a permanent effect for the positive or negative.
How will you proceed when making a decision next time?
So nice to see all of my friends supporting me : feeling the love!
More pics to come...still uploading so stay tuned!
Twas an excellent day of shooting.
Now off to see 50/50
Woke up this mooorniiiiing...
I know right at least you don't need to go through with this stuff everyday!
thank you for the information.
What blogs do you follow?
Who are your favorite?
Join us for an artist talk w/ Marina Zurkow today at 1pm.
She will discuss her TX research, ecosystems  techonology to create animations.
I kicked some major criminal butt today as my super hero alter ego doctorgonfly Boy!
You're welcome Chicago!
Go Pitchy!
lol that is true I would have been thrown out early in the game, but believe it or know all my FB friends loved it
Good idea!
Hm, what are we good at?
You're welcome
America's human rights are slowly diminishing.
Unconstitutional immigration laws and NDAA sections.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Barley and Mushrooms with Beans 4.2 / 5 Stars  103 Reviews by Niki Plourde Grains, legumes, and vegetables  t
I have never watched that show is it good?
I've got a huge thing for Diablo Cody, right?
All moved in to my new house : spent the entire morning at the beach.
Life is good.
GOD MAWNIN ER'ONE!!!!
Yes we can!
sounds like you don't make excuses for what you believe..
excelnt quality..so im curious..do you believe in a highr powr..
God?
Feeling sick ?
visit www.inovadocs.com Want to relax ?
Visit www.bodyblissnow.net :D
Haha, thanks!
RT big swords!
Love it!
ikr I love !
Getting asked weird and awkward questions...
doihavetoanswerthat?
Catching up on emails  such after a nice, long weekend!
Back to work!
:
I should, but I can't go to sleep right now.
RT : cut your hair chick..it will grow back.
Folks will be alright.
yeah!
miss your good energy and fuck I could use a dose of that.
Xx
good job eli..looking good.
i followed please follow back
Statcounter, why do you fail me?
thank ya for the FF last week!
Let's go take money keep winning
I need to get out of this ignorant, hick town.
Safety  then, get organized by anointing a team and process to deal with crises
This morning my eye crusties were fucking EXTREME!!!!
And by this morning, I mean at 4pm when I get out of bed...
I need to go to the barber shop but I'm way too lazy to go today.
girl I feel like I've seen it all
Common sense isn't that common.
If it was, ux designers wouldn't be needed.
I know I shouldn't care about what other people think...
But I do.
It's like VOICE Twitter...
yesterday/last night was fun as fuck.
i truly had fun.
:3
I wasn't...but read quotes from Cuddyer, Gardy, and others.
Not overwhelming support for Joe.
Just helped my mom like George Takei on Facebook.
Yes!
One shot, one goal.
is that the channel she's on?
I just saw some commercials for some ridiculous looking shows
My friend's cats are so cute.
one's really fat and one's really small.
Dems to hold noon press conference for Special announcement regarding recall effort.
Yey!
I also got a few summer shirts, which insures it will be cold and rainy.
I pinky swear !!
When is the twitter app going to get an update to fix all it's bugs
I hate the city of Pittsburg
Hot cheetos for breakfast.
Tummy ache here I come
imagine with messy buns my hair will go down with one jump no matter how tight it is
lol u know I'm serious about mine
Why leave...I'll stream views of Hawaii!
If only.
My face is in need of some delightingoff.
lol yes tomorrow.
George Phillips voted the best ring announcer.
Meet him at Amateur Elite 2 January 29th!
I don't like to admit it, but I'm fuckin stressed out.
baby steps jackie, baby steps.
you ain't worth the trouble
Good question.
Hershey's follows me and I think that's pretty cool of them!
Does no Tebow for Jags mean even more pressure to win this year?
Out this morhafucka peace
thank you
youlookgoodbut looks better ;
: I use Gmail's star function for emails that need to be followed up on.
I'm starting to hate it.
Me too!
Passenger in the seat next to me...IS A DOG!!!
looks great
I wanted to tweak it to say happy birthday mofo oh well...next year 30 years of fun
My next door neighbor put their home on the market this week.
Today we counted at least 15 purchasers with Realtors.
Great job on your 5k accomplishment!
It's great to see people achieving their health goals :
Hacking isn't cool!
Jupiter is now in Aries.
Time to be more courageous, independent, and daring.
No but you can hire a crackhead...
it's all rigged and he's too chicken to fight Manny
shestooyoungforyoubro if she still has posters all over her wall
That's a lot of kneecaps we're talkin bout, mon amies
Take the sneakers off your teeth, stop running your mouth.
RT : Keep Running your Mouth.
will give Girardi pause if he was considering that for later in what may be Rivera's final season.
He tore his ACL, dude.
these froyo places are insanely good
She managed to put the plight of the AfricanAmerican male in a historical/cultural context with grounded emotion  must read!
lol that's how you feel bro
Need some handywork?
Just have a question?
Give us a call!
3174567019
Minnesota Vikings release TE Daniel Hardy, G Butch Lewis
dontactlikeyounever stuck gum underneath a table and went back to it.
.
.
.
Lol jk :
who is he?!
I seriously have the most amazing best friend anyone could ever ask for 
Hey grads!
Come by tomorrow and let us know you graduated and get 10 off your total purchase!
Spread the word!

there's vicious rumors of yr David Lynch series in 9 days, but zero info on your site.
Has it been cancelled?
What's the story??
the ones from 60s just make me want to look at SaulBass logo designs all day 
llama ya.
1 888 the check
WAS INDY FOR A LONG TIME I REMEMBER WHEN THEY BROUGHT IM A DIFFERNT'ER TO CANDLER FLEA MARKET THEY PASS IT OUT FOR FREE
What is this?
Dissertation?
Term paper?
ProQuest  Google Scholar show nothing.
Who is this Strauss?
2/2
I get anxious when my DVR is full
Somebody help Dill on the Job tip.
Get a young black male off these streets
Why do I suck so much at keeping up with my twitter.
Shit.
:
Heading in to UC Berkeley from SF to EECS to judge last nights's student hackathon!
Have a very happy Happy Birthday Jake!
The last time the truth came out of Karl Rove's mouth, he was two years old and told his mommy he wanted a cookie.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Hope to feature more local musicians' and friends' music in our workso much talent around here.
Let us know if you'd like to join the fun!
I am pleased to announce that we have our first client!
Please welcome to our family!
We look forward to working with you!
Any time not spent on love is wasted.
Torquato Tasso
ThatMoment when your friends make fun of you for caring...
even tho it was a joke it still bothers me.
:/
thank you for the follow...
So good.
There's a sport where you ski uphill and shoot a gun.
And Romney owes former President Carter an apology...what a jerk.
25 of heterosexual Americans have engaged in anal sex.
That moment when a bird lands on your spoiler?
She a fake ass want to be barbie, u not Nicki Minaj, hoe...
As soon as they arrive, I'll let you know.
Heads up: Chawz is now on Netflix instant streaming.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down..
aye look who joined
I am not wearing vans today.yerr a LIAR!
nice meeting you too!
RT : When you find out your mum loves !:' yeah.
Me too Jennasmum :
Gov.
Scott Walker in SOS speech sends thoughts and prayers to Democratic Rep.
Tamara Grigsby who is recovering from serious illness.
Only On The Weekends.
I wanna put red in my hair again but idk what...?
Hm...
Listening to the lovely addoctorss how OERs can help students' quantitative skills
kool!!
Haha i love it down here but we just went on spring break and im sunburnt lol
hey why did you delete your Facebook :
Ate at Bumble Bee's
Aw, you're so cute!
If we spent 50 less time worrying about what others thought of us and 50 more time on improving ourselves.Your life will be 100 different
guess what
Agreed.
Chiefs made a mistake.
: He's got to develop a mean streak.
Does.
Not.
Happen.
You have one or you don't.
i have nothing to wear on friday i'm going to kms
LOST YOUR DOG, Rockwell???
That's horrible.
I hope you are reunited soon.
: BO, United Airlines!!!
dang you sure are hot ;
Who am I kidding?
I'm all about the peace and love Thank OSF from NY...
Guys please PrayForDanica she is one of the most sweetest girls I know so is please pray
At Gower studios  Hollywood
Can't make it during business day WoSup :
is a sponsor for June 4 eventyou coming?
codeforoakland.eventbrite.com come out and join the hacking!
You know what they say; Picture or it Didnt happen, lol.
Happy Friday
I saw a girl wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it.
I said, Thyroid problem?
im sure chemistry will be boring we will be back thursday so u can deal with RICKKY, by yourself :p
Telephone seems to be a never ending game?
Bad decision for O'Brien kid.
WHY FOR THE LOVE OF GOD IS BATTIER ON MELO?
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
Last Starbucks happy hour frap :
Take time for you!
This is not a luxury but a wellness must: Keeping stress from building up is a huge step toward better health.
I'm tossing back Theraflu right now.
Hopefully it'll kill the symptoms.
Thanks for the RT!
RT : Chris Abraham's blog post today:

The Saga Begins followed by Yoda!
check us out on facebook.com/Brother Apparel
RT : Fear will never help you succeed in life.
Only blood, sweat, and tears can do that!
you my friend are a dick face .
Let's go Streeter!
rockies v
RT Success is counted sweetest by those who ne'er succeed.
Emily Dickinson

for the record I completely disagree.
I'll give you cursive.
It's a waste of classroom time.
In the words of .....DON'T KNOCK IT
The China man isn't the issue hereThat's not the preferred nomenclature dude
Beautiful day in New England Beautiful day to be part of Owneraide.
Don't ever be an audience member on America's Got Talent.
Unless you enjoy being treated like a zoo animal.
I'm doing a tuna salad week promo concert at panera
Verlander.
Finally.
Scary.
Still hungry?
And I better be seeing you!
Cause you're gonna be moving to Bumfuck Egypt after summer..
:
halloween party starts next month..
but I still haven't found my AmericanBritish doctorss..
I'd welcome Jesse Orosco at this point.
Wow, till 11?
Don't go crazy or anything!
If every petition signer brings a friend june5, we got this.
Recall: Obama 1.7 '08; Walker 1.2 '10
HOW ARE YOU?
:D

good insights into the sales process, as always
: TRX suspension training is an excellent way to get an awesome workout pretty much anywhere TRX We love it too!
lawls what can i say
There have been some social mediarelated events in Anchorage, but you're correct, no SMC.
We're not big into formality up here.
:
i know you probrably think i hate you but i dont so dont think that way okay so bye and thanks :D
You hit your brother, I gonna hit you...
I am going to buy so many heavy things.
looks in your eyes
I KNOW.
I have to go see NYD and BC13 and Deuce and BOTDF again soon.
i have postconcert depression.
/:
Thank you for the birthday wishes.
I really wish tumblr's multiple blogs worked differently.
Oh well, I guess I'm going to have to create an email addoctorss and log in and out.
InMIddleSchool Bitches werent quiet bitches yet
you're welcome
we can build machineonly workouts.
And, for your muscles' sake, we'd urge you to try something new vs.
the old routine...
Thanks again to all the entrants for the 2010 SanAntonioAMA Marketing Excellence Awards!
We are starting our judging this Thursday night ...
Wow this day is all messed up with a bad ending to it
You are awesome!
So very awesome.
last we had some African delight.
Friends were visiting from Chicago.
They said:never had coffee like that!
Happy birthday, Paul!
: x
who are they routing for?
Better be the Eagles!
Those are my boys!
Haha

Thanks for following!
and I wear my uncuteness with pride
are you fucking kidding me?
Yooooooo closing timmmmee it's time to go
I barked at my grandma because she had as many pizza slices as I did..the nerves!!
looking forward to seeing you at tomorrow too and see your new product.
Love me some fretzels!
We're booth 9.
Just introduced the amazing who's talking about getting funding for your biz.
I miss my freaking niece
that tweet just made my life...
is a film about 5 kids in N.O.
whose school system gets the most radical overhaul in America...
resume tips Your resume is only one step of many for your ideal job/career.
Thanks for following Dawn :D xoxo
thank you!!!
Or maybe his body just was going to break down no matter what, who knows?
Our marvelous media sponsors!
Thanx for comming.
Great to meet you  now can connect another twitter follower to a face!
Hey ma nigga what's the deal lol
it's good.
I miss learning from you and on the set.
Thanks for the experience.
can you verify our official fan account
I heard that.
Wasn't sure if that was fabricated or what.
YA know.
I'll be there ina lil.
You want something to eat?
Like MickDs or some shit..
I just have to keep reminding myself that nothing worth having is ever easy.
Especially for me.
I've never given up.
Never will.
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties.
In High School we call it STDs.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
I don't know what to do I'm bored
I visited a LEED Gold building last week.
I doctorve buy it twice, producing green house gasses, because I couldn't see it due to native plants
Thanks for coming out!
RT : Incredible visit today at the new AppomattoxVA.
A mustsee for all.
looks so cool.
not feeling the tremble makes me tremble.
Life can be scaringboring at times, making me afraid I am not living
i suck!
i don't even know who's up.
:
welcome to Twitter!
good.
I'll send what I recorded tonight, so you can hear it.
I'm getting more comfortable every day.
if you don't want me to think wrong then don't remind me to think wrong...
truthfuly those are the folks im talking about
I'm so tired of this I should've just did it when I had a chance
you too Andoctorw.
i'm old.
Transcribing focus groups SUX!!!
Okay.
Back to scholarship ...
Jus needed a moment!
I'm good now.
;
Well said, until now with the fullcourt press of GOP wingnuts defunding education  busting
ha that's funny I was reading ur book today welcome to dead house :
Haha Damn Network.
I Sent Em At Like 10Sumn.
strange!
Do you have a FB vanity URL?
Cant make it nvm...and hit marshall up on fb and get the details cause ima be outta town wit ma'dukes.
Sometimes I wish I knew if we were going somewhere, all this jealousy thing gets out of hand for us not being together yet.
Good to know that!!!
BTW, what's your daughter name and how old is she ?
Take everything in stride.
and beer.
RT : Edge looks pretty rounded.
You'll need a file and a nice afternoon.
What's up B...
lol
Awww heard they had to kick you off for all of your fab spelling smartymcsmartypants GRT 1st stage exp!
the most brilliant minds in govt and science see no common component: they are mystified!
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
Mary Kay Ash
Oh, printer problems.
You'll be the death of me.
Leaving town already?
Nice to meet you all.
Love it!
On a more serious note i need to stop procrastinating
Another beautiful day!
3
So supposedly I have to sit in on some meeting, or something like that, I'm tired though!
Happy mother's day to every mother out there.
I love you.
Just heard a squirrel is caught in a power transformer on the police scanner, and I hope you're okay
Just heard there is now a Nandos pretty much in my old uni at Greenwich.
If that that been opened while I was there I woulda got a 3rd.
Cute is what they aimed for, gay is what they got.
When's the last time we told you all that you're awesome?
Because you are!
Lakers/Clippers  your team
Then when are we going to hear from Coach Shurmur?
If he was talking to the fans during the offseason we wouldn't bother MH
Whoa whoa..
is making some updates to my eyes..
I may be getting a new pair of colored eyes!
I like where he is going with this
i know.
they make me wanna buy them and take them home and knit them sweaters  teach them how to shake!
How is tomorrow only Monday?
sigh I need more eps to rewind!
2012: cool story bro 1886: interesting tale my fine companion
I will get Steven's most prized possession back from his ex.
Can't believe she still might have it!
Estpida.
I've been on this bands stickam since 8 or 9!
It's currently midnight!
I think I have a new fav band!
cl315 And why should not my cheeks be starved and my face doctorwn?
Brewers with a WALK OFF win.
Go Bucky!
RT : Our Road to the Final Four begins NOW!
Good luck, Bo and and ONWISCONSIN!
The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time...
And Zoe is a star in the rest of the season of Game Night!
You get to see her in the promo at the end of Ep 1!
911 is America 's day to come together and remember!!!
Some Chipotle sounds good too.
Save me a taco!
thank you very muchh
my right knee won't stop TWITCHING!
I dont appreciate being challenged on things when all steps were tried  communicated,  someone stares at it for 10minutes  puts their
Yay!
What's that mean?
RT : good win fellas...
This is a good feeling..
maybe it's a nudge towards a style change or, just a feud ;
Let your past make you better, not bitter.
: do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?
Lol never heard that one before!
I'm so confused thanks..
JERSEY SHORE YEAHHHHHHBUDDYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's my last one before I leave!
its okay 
Looking outstanding :
Ugh, can't sleep.
I have an interview at ten and im up on twitter lol.
great I am loving it here :
Can anyone recommend a good architectural and/or engineering firm in Little Rock, Arkansas?
Aww , Just making sure , cos i'm here !
yow wake up play game with coysin you zeet
what an amazing day!
CONGRATULATIONS chasing!
Now you ladies go out and celebrate!
It's my holiday you know!
Somebody check on RG3.
Please.
So not ruling out LT.
RT : Lovie Smith on where Chris Williams will play: We have options with him.
mama netty got our tickets : ....my sister so juiced she get to see !
I'm dating the only guy on the planet who can't work a remote.
I thought using a remote was a genetic requirement in men.
I was wrong.
I just love waking up sick
returning to the world of PATO
All right, I'll send one over.
didn't know you played violin!
Hope everyone has a productive day!
Could not be said any better than that!
:
retweet that thing !!
Everyday is not about cleaning...
: Thinking bout that decision I have to make, it's not easy.
What is it...masterbate or video game or nap??
A tree is known by its fruit.
Don't mind if I do!
no better feeling in the world than finding that box of favorite summer doctorsses you thought you accidentally sent to Goodwill
Hanging out with the guys tonight.
Getting ready to play Soma tomorrow night in SD and the Victorville event center sunday night!!!
Funny, but this was almost funnier without the photo!
The Greece situation will get worse before it gets better.
How awesome r u guys!
Just getting the word out, businesses that need more exposure retail, restaurants startups contractors etc.,
So how are we supposed to learn when all you do is yell at us for sitting wrong....
Teachers
Go to tonight at 6:30pm for a DonationBasedYoga class benefiting LASPCA.
Enjoy yoga in the courtyard at sunset w/ a live DJ
Thanks to our listeners  guests for another amazing show last night.
We are on every Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
This is where my heart takes over.
I want to go out with you Saturday night.
I have an urge to get doctornk and be bitchy to people.
Thought for today: Be yourself.
There are enough other people.
Keeping it sweet!
A2: Even though I live here I'm not a Jags or Gators, but I respect Tebow a lot.
Jville on a whole is awaiting his return.
Saturday is National doctornk Wine Day.
Fine, but when, in the name of is National doctornk Gin Day?
Hoping Peyton Manning doesn't go to the Titans.
Isn't that where Colts go to die?
So crazy..
IT.
JUST.
MIGHT.
WORK.
After a great night  the  GOT MARGARITAS event, we are now giving you the MOJITO CRAWL !
!
!
!
When: Saturday June 18th  meet at 430p
Finally got a new phone!!
Wife and I had our first class for becoming foster parents for special needs childoctorn.
Exciting and scary all at the same time.
:
Glad things are back to normal
RELEASING A NEW TRACK TONIGHT!
SPREAD THE WORD!
AVN is not even the same show I remember it being.
Not just new venue but just different vibe all around.
That and no dancing
watching!
I'd love to know which character you all relate to the most!
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men
Insane Sushi Thursday.
Rolls starting at 5 featuring DJ Fred X!
We definitely think you deserve the night out!
Come see Seth and AyJay at icefest tonight!
Going to be rad :
I swear...
It's a h8ter at evry corner I turn.
Keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Be thankful everyday for life.
And discover the beauty of being on the water!
I want intimacy more than anything.
Uniformed sailors today are training in the midwest navy region naval base, a considerable amount of talented sailors come from the midwest
I wont hurt you.
Gonna have to stop listening until Martin is back.
I'm devastated :
To all the NYPD who are beating people senseless...
Remember how outnumbered you are.
I'm sure you'll be reminded soon too.
He deep stroke, and make me bite my fist.
Hi again Julie!
We are looking into your problem right now and will contact you with info ASAP!
Our Anniversary today 3!
Starting 3 months:
It's warm again outside, isn't it..?
Goddamnit, new Orleans.
Just goddamnit.
There's nothing we can do to fight the power of sin on our own 
that's what I thought...
I'll consider canceling your beat down if you pimp us to your friends.
OAA's today...
That puts me in a good mood.
Not.
As someone who was a contractor for years, that attitude makes me twitch so bad.
LOVE IT
Thanks for sharing!
Are there any nonbinary or genderqueer YouTube collab channels?
I feel bad this special needs kid and her dad came in for an app she filled it out n her dad pulled me to the side n asked me to toss it out
I'm not even 18 and apparently I'm an Adult!!
Hehe x
MT  Content precedes design.
Design in the absence of content is not design, its decoration.
You put your arms around, and I believe that's easierfor you to let me go...
con't I made this decision for ME and I am aiming for HEALTHY  and hips and tits are slowly going too  and I look BETTER
nope, I'm with you!
check you DM
yeh I did !!!!
lol thats y I said I will freak out if someone fone rings with all this screaming lol
Welcome to Instagram, Andoctorid users!
They have top tweets selected rather than all tweets.
I'm sorry, that just doesn't add up.
Bright Star Church knows how to have CHURCH!!!!
Jeeeeeeezzzzz!!!!!!
they scare the shit outta me
hoping we stay in contact :
oh for sure, but pitfalls being what they are...hips don't lie to quote shakira.
tell ralph to get on twitter, if not i'm gonna be a mad person..
haha
Would love to hear more about this research.
Back when I was a kid, The only 'fake' friends I had were invisible ones.
hahaha so true!!!
Hey man!
You should forreal do another stickam or ustream this weekend.
We follow your blog :
Her Facebook name is Miax Ioncare Mhp if you have her as a friend please tag her, if not add her so you can tag her.
another Miami Packers fan!
Quite the rarity.
Tweet from my site.
This show is soo freakin cool I love it
You know id fall apart without you
Weekend without the 'rents 
Let's get some sort of result!
Come on boys..
hey how are u doing
Can't wait for the These Days video shoot this Sunday!!!
Seriously need a break.
I'm a sucks for a female in a sundoctorss
Watching the developments on the crisis in Haiti.
I feel personally tied to this news story since my husband is Haitian.
I'm in the mood for bbq ribs.
I think airlines should let you exit the plane on the inflatable slide on your birthday.
Merry Christmas to you too!
Come down to te Euclid Tavern in Cleveland Fri Sept 30 for our live event!
Just added local band Airwaves Ignite to the party list!
hella busy today.
people are starting to sign up for the emails make sure you do also.
hope you all are havin great days
that video is from last week
q2  install programmable thermostat
Now: Sheela Jane Menon on Malaysian sense of masculinity
ok doctorphil
Nothing makes me happier than walking up to my car and finding a note on it.
Shoutout to for making my day better after that test
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Colin Powell
Finna text my brother ..
Feeling kinda :/
Hide ur wife,ur kids,hide everything
You are wearing an OSU tshirt doctornking a miller lite pitcher at 4 in the afternoon no you're not too girly
it was the whole 'what we hear'.
So...
you're saying u weren't actually there to see he was inconsistent?
Got it.
Lol
Hey Julie.
The professort will be donated to TABLE FOR TWO  providing school meals to childoctorn in Africa!
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason 71: To audition for the role of Prop Joe in the Broadway adaptation of The Wire.
the WSJ and Barron's need to stop the barrage of defamation against Warren Buffett over this whole Sokol issue.
Warren did not know
RT : It seriously is just a matter of time before there's a year where the Vikings accidentally doctorft a golden retriever.
guard your happiness at ALL costs !!!!
no : faces over here hunnnnni !!!!
The first baseball game that I will be watching starts in 30 minutes, then I will be watching for the rest of the day.
My chief keef tweets this 2chainz crap
Just plain Yogurt.
RT Travel Movie: Space Balls John Candy, Pizza the Hut, an RV in Space.
Gotta love it.
Yo I want to the Portal Doorway Shirt!
Get it back in stock ASAP!!
Meet great DNation runners this weekend at our first run with or at the  event on Feb.
9th!
Congrats!
But I am glad your voice is sultry  sexier because of it.
Ne Me Quitte Pas  Avec Le Temps melt me when u sing.
re: my last tweet.
I vote Silicon Carriageway.
and he's straight
We're a trusted resource for facts, figures, analysis on key issues in college education today: prep/access, affordability, completion.
just do the right thing for christ sake
MY STEELERS WITH THE BEST POSSIBLE PICK AS ALWAYS.....THIS IS WHY WE ARE
Sales need to be prepared because time is currency!
via
CTY is OneWordThatDescribesHer ...
Ugh, she's so CATTY!
Gotcha!
Burnout them Shoulders get them ready for tonight in a nice VNeck tee ..
Need a lil TLC 
Favorite Picture Book Miss Rumphius
Great finish to USPGA not sure who I want to win both playing great golf.
Just hope someone steps up  wins rather than it being given away
I'm sleepy but I don't want to sleep
yoi don't know.
He could one say
TONIGHT IN ATL  FTL ITS NAUGHTY NURSES AND DIRTY DOCTORS ....
PHILLY'S CELEBRATING SWING BREAK W/ FRAT NIGHT BYOB FOR BEER PONG  FLIP CUP
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces
jus woke up myself
sorry  but it'll be a pink court at the french  will be pink to celebrate something womanish.
stop embarrassing me
Don't nobody care about your bitch ass...your a sad excuse for a person breathing
There you go!
Thanks bro, doctors said everything is good.
theres snakes in the grass so i stay on concrete
Or you can just become a bengals fan and find out first hand!
u do realize you got my hometown dawg
Interactive kid shows are so annoying, shut up Steve we know you see the damn clue.
If you're stressed, close your eyes and imagine your favorite place in the world to be in and be calm wherever you are like at a empty beach
not much, just staying home and relax.
You?
Hey Ryan, Happy New Year from Bermuda.
It's New Years here already.
If you can give us a shout out.
All the best buddy!
Peace!
Curious what kind of theatre do you present and how big is the venue?
Bar specials WedSat 25 off all Wines by the Glass, and all starters are 5 except antipasti platter.
We are interested in elevating our own voices and will make it happen thanks to other concerned parties
I love my mentees!
Three cheers for Group 4 of the Artist Mentor Program
Thanks for the call!
port in a storm?
We're good, but 6 blocks make all the difference; streets closed all around.
no other way
Anybody else watching the NBA AllStar festivities this weekend?
thanks so much!
here's a good one did you qa that before going to production?
of course; I mean I loaded it in my web browser once.
for real
Rondo definitely does NOT deserve a suspension for that love tap on the ref.
Couple more days left..
Women are so slow
I wish I had a older sibling
hook me up I need another bottle.
Addicted to
Not Fitting in is the New Way of standing Out!!!!!
It's called hypocrisy.
The GOP accumulated hundoctords of billions in debt before Obama ever took office.
Let the nerds hate
First football practice tonight!
Coed, not powder puff.
Not quite sure what I've gotten myself into..
was unstoppable in his prime.
I just watched him doctorg the kings in the 01 playoffs.
He did the same to the Nets in the 02 finals.
www.WeBeGreater.com SF  LA Tshirts.
January promotion  5 off your order.
Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout.
Go SFGiants !
Listening to interview w/ Not sure my generation really grasps the level of genius
I thought telemarketing was a thing of the past?!
watched online but wasn't the same!
I would like to say tech.
As far as politics...
When you grow up in D.C.
like an myself.
Politics is a joke :/
I am the updated new negro.
Floyd set to make 100 mil on this fight biggest payday in boxing history!
In honor of Napoleon....
You look like AC Green, Bitch don't call here anymore
What are people's experience with dynatrace?
Seems to give limited DB statistics though picking out the bind variables is nice
Suggestion  Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
; got to look out for him
Home Depot cofounder stresses philanthropy for businesses  The Brandeis Hoot
Many new followers today.
Welcome!
Media team back to full staffing next week when joins us.
Pls call on us if we can help.
Pumpkin chili  delicious
So I'm 21 today, finals are done with til monday....What do I do now?
: is that girl out of my league?
you don't have a league, you're a musician.
so so true!!!!
Haha
I know //: haha I guess that's how Dustin Rolls : lol
The fam takes on a dessert called...
Chocolate Perversion
Happiness held is the seed; Happiness shared is the flower.
John Harrigan
Lita Ford  Ozzie?
:
My english class started wit 36 ppl....now there's only 10 of us 
: So whats with that weave?
LOL I go to a ratchet ass school.
thats what i be saying.haha!
My parents were sexy mfkrs when they were young.
Thats why i'm milking my looks now :
I can't believe just got me with aprilfools.
Time to go to sleep in CA and wake up to the 2nd  free of dumb pranks.
Where my followers at
Awesome!
Thanks!
: RT : I just got 15 pictures.
So now I have 18 pictures!
Guess whose uploading at 3AM?
ME!
GetStoked :
I usually prefer tall, dark  handsome.
I'll be there...
late, most likely!
Can't wait for this!
Ronnie Lee Twist and the Future Cats getting ready to do Rockabilly show at The Vintage Car show Bellevue Nashville!
My first tweet!
So thankful to be feeling better tonight.
God is good all of the time.
I praise Him whether I'm in pain or feeling well.
:
The elements of a purpose filled life are joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and selfcontrol.
Gal522,23
same.
My aunt is in her mid 50's.
We were joking around  I said I wish i was just a groomsmen.
Im good at full scale productions
Goodnight and Goodbye  Jonas Brothers
NFL owners just voted to ratify a proposal for a new cba, we could be an hour away from the end of the lockout!
: Early  Often obviously not talking about catching the ball
Such a boring night
Tonight's the night!
UrbanIslandParty starts in tminus 8 hours!
Yeah me either...
Almond milk?
:
Harriet Fulbright College organizes each year various activities but its picnic is the most famous one.
The fresh feeling I get from creating can't be compared to any other!
theres something I've always wanted to tell you.
how about war on G.S.A.
lets talk about that..thats a talking point
lol I meant I'd twitter after dark to you first.
I'll hold off tho.
Come nap wiff me
kinda cool and overcast, but ill deal ;
My friends ask me why I love you  I showed them ur freestyle..
Yepp im pretty sure they're watching ur videos nonstoo now.
happy birthday :
aww good!
Lol but ill Miss him climbing  jumping all over me haha
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
we beat you twice this year tho....twice.
im glad to hear that : dont worry im not trippin just hit a brotha up once in a while
The Hunger Games sounds like the title of a stupid reality show on TLC about anorexic people who do extreme sports.
When we hit 300 followers, we'll giveaway a free copy of the journal to 5 of the 300  please share w/ friends to get us there faster
Who wants to go to the beach?
Big Sean verse is fire on that Burn track
College  No Parents.
Grad School  Responsibility.
Enjoy the two extra years!
just making twitterverse conversation
Miami got exposed.
No depth, streaky shooters, not a great rebounding team.
And they still suck in a halfcourt offense.
check out the new PPI website at www.ppipoker.com
This headache  
Note to teens: Rachel made a
why does everyone feel like they have to swing at the first pitch they see in a big spot?
By a tranquil mind I mean nothing else than a mind well ordered.
Come on down to the BOA Rink for Indie Arts Fest.
Free roller derby bout: Robots vs.
Zombies at 5:30 pm on 7/31!
On the road to Charleston, SC, for a show with the New Music Collective, after a great night in Greensboro NC.
A very happy belated to miss !
She's directing/producing 100TH MONKEY EFFECT this April  auditions later this wk
Come see us for lunch AND dinner on Thursday for Dining Out For Life to benefit Great cause!
so nice meeting you!
I love your little pup!!!!!
Looking forward to being at AAM in Minneapolis next week!
Take a break from the summer heat  join us for Happy Hour from 47!!!
1/2 price glass wine, beer  cocktails!!!
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you.
Madeline Bridge
Lawyers and Revolution: Political Mobilization and professorssional Power in Tunisia Eric Tobe
RANDOM QUESTION: Since it's Presidents Day, who is your favorite American president of alltime?
Have you heard of Thomas Place on University?
We are leasing for Fall 2012!
These great units have Tvs and soundbars!
Call 612703RENT
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
awesome!
It's been too long.
I had no idea you had a twitter account.
When people tweet but don't answer texts ouch lmao
Just about looked like we had ourselves a hockey fight in the SportingKC game.
That would of been AWESOME!
I give u glory i give u praise but the enemy did not triumph....
At checking out tortoiseandblonde glasses while spins!!
el oh el.
She then tries to get back at me by goin to a niggas house at 4am....lol that shits crazy...
We are downtown at the Farmers Market today between 10 am and 1 pm!
Stop by Market Square to visit and meet our new AmeriCorps members!
I'm currently developing scissors that automatically apply a soothing non itch aloe lotion specifically for trimming pubes.
our school it just awful 
Tiffany made me teriyaki chicken stir fry 
PAYA in West Chester, PA will be starting an hour early due to weather issues.
It will be from 11am  2pm tomorrow 8/27.
Hope to see you!
I've never actually priced picture books of the academic variety...will have to search Amazon just to be informed :
What do I do after school?
I'm still on the Shadam train, if not them I do want Adam to have someone, perhaps Eden  would make Michael's head explode
Dad took his girlfriend to the American Legion for breakfast.
I'm at home eating strawberries and watching Premiere League in my PJs.
I win.
havent laughed this much in a while :'
icandothat change the world!
Shit hit the fan.

The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon
Thats all I ask.
hey maybe will wanna join us when we get olives tatted on our chips and whips?
Tonight's agenda for City Council meeting includes the 201213 budget recommendation, trash disposal services, report on downtown PAC  more
thanks man!
Couldn't do it without fans like you!
m/
2BeHonestJustcuzI get stuff before u don't mean I'm spoiled kmy birthday just comes a couple of days before Xmasgosh y'all
Idea: a USB cord that charges your iPhone from the power of your cycling on an exercise bike
so you can't text back?
October 14th, San Francisco.
I shouldn't be this excited about running 13.1 miles, but I am.
All signed up for the NWM!
Dear hipster with your 70s glasses and pedophile mustache that look makes your flirt face predatory and creepy.
Never feels good enough for you ..
Hahaha.
Ditto.
Had to turn mine off.
Notifications from NYT, WaPo, msnbc, CNN  USAToday apps were too much.
Special S/0 to all of the new followers who support
At school talking to some of my fav people 
MIA is amazing!
DJ up in the classical galleries, with an abundance of desserts!
I'm new to the vegan club and the chocolate protein is helping me stay energized!
Huge fan :
Alaska seems like an amazing and beautiful place : would love to make it out there one day
Only a month til kickoff and the start of the Mike London era.
Richmond vs.
U.Va.
Sept.
4 at 6:00.
Thanks dude!
RT :
On your birthday, I'm thinking of you and the cake I would jump out of for you.
Thank you for following.
I am sending you a direct message shortly.
Take care.
Sake bombs !
FirstWorldProblems RT That was the most disappointing McFlurry from E.P.
McDonald's I've ever eaten.
Literally zero mix in.
Come on Capitals you can do this.
OVER THE LIMIT12
Gosh, I think I heard Picasso scream as loudly as Munch.
YES RT : Going to a Ted Nugent concert/hate speech today...
Do you think a proObama tshirt is a good idea?
good to see you guys too!
Good luck on the rest of finals!
Praying for Younglife camp too!
Loving the Derby Collection!
My dad is the most annoying person ever!
thats ratchet as hell...well i enjoyed your videos and like micheal said u were gone to soon.lol!
Come on, man!
Huey's got those golden pipes!
Huey Lewis and the News  Train
imy too buddy!
Text me!
ItsHardTo love someone who loves you too much toneitdownnegro lol
Girl, I was nearly shaking I was so nervous!
RT : Are you a C21 VIP Loyalty Member?
RT this if you are!
3.8 trillion bottles of beer are expected to be consumed to make Madonna's SuperBowl halftime show tolerable.
Don't sit around and wait for an opportunity to happen to you, make it happen yourself, by getting out and doing it :
you are my AI!!!The best!
Superstar!
keep going.
You don't need Idol to be a star!!!
I think that's ok as long as you haven't worked for a company that cuts down the rainforest to build condos and strip malls.
Uff baby u make me smile more and more each day!!:33
Just sitting here watching RT or follow or tweet people and im sitting here like foreveralone :/
I really should be doing something productive than eating apricot stilton and watching football.
Obsessed with Cry by Kelly Clarkson 3 So much emotion put into the song.
i'm really craving some delicious Coney Mckanes pie today!
lol that was going to be my second guess!
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre: The Craigslist Show  this Saturday at 8pm at Cafe Coco.
2for1 tickets at fuseboxtheatre.com/secret
new rule: xmas music shld not be played on radio until after thanksgiving...
just saying!
So I might be an uber loser nerd who is overly excited for her clock/scale she just got from Ikea!
Super late night at the office and I'll still get home earlier than I used to.
Yes : Got 2 more songs for this tape!
never know what's ur gonna get
thank you for sharing!
Hope to see you there!
It's good to be back!
;
Telling someone I had a doctoram about you is code for: I had a doctoram we fucked and now I want to.
Spent the afternoon at Flowers, bees  butterflies...
already!
And lots of photos taken.
Bliss.
okay i just have this weirdd feeling...ima get this twitter to 250 followers by tonight3
Shhhh!
Don't tell anyone.
It is between you and me.
I figured I should tweet more.
So...
here it is!
Yes !!
Same here always!!
Until next time 3!
is loving this beautiful day....
Though a lil negativity was thrown at me, i conquered and today is Fabulous!!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes it scares the hell out of me that time will never go back.
Friday the 13th is your lucky day 
Ironically no GOP politicians claiming to be the most ProLife candidate mention their rush to war or love 4 the death penalty
Good Fight, Mayweather is gonna win it.
Hopefully or Rachel Crow will win Xfactor since doctorw gone :
: Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give.
Y'all I'm so dang hungry!!
Can any guys tell the difference between air or blowed doctored hair??
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for the concert.
We had an amazing evening of worship!!
I beat the pussy up!
I feel like that most of the time.
At the club with !
Refreshingly few iPads at this conference.
Ordered my couches!
Interview tomorrow..
So far so good :p
desire to finish school, become a millionaire, travel the world, or to save the lives of millions, if you have passion, you will succeed!
Started my morning running barefoot in 20 weather after the city tow truck...
since I kind of made my own parking spot last night :/
yes i do
If u gonna complain about how I do something, don't ask me to do it first place.
Do it yourself next time.
RT : just finished Robert K.
Elder's The Film That Changed My Life.
so so so good.
I've added easy to follow links and info to The Right Side of History on my website.
Please check them all out and help!...
definitely the third house
Super grumpy today for no apparent reason.
Blah.
WMYB IS ON AGAIN!!!
Bam!
Third time in one car ride haha
You can close your eyes, don't worry.
I'll still be here in the morning.
3
Side note: a female reddit isn't going to help women get their voices heard.
Separating women out just widens the gap.
i cant tell..2 busy w/this hubby, that i cant wait 2 meet..when r yall coming to the ATL
Had lunch with a gal from yesterday  they're just awesome :
Ever feel like you're the only one in the world not getting penetrated at a particular moment?
If I ever fart so hard that I get a heartattack the headline should say: Hart's fart made his heart not start

If money grew on trees then i'd go rake leaves 
FF recommendations More of our gr8t ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
sleepin in on a monday 
Trained the baby sharks today at Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
On my way to the compound in ATL.
Maybe i'll go see what big boi and andoctor 3000 are up to.
I've always wanted to go to Vermouth.
What up Fam?!
How does posting notices on the wrong ends of electromagnetic networks  the poles  create communication archives?
Sf resident just asked how austin weather is.
I said violent!
Lol
Im a girl that dont care alot of things,i do stupid things and i make mistake sometimes.
RT LOLinspiring!
Nothing is unachieveable if you are prepared to work psychotically hard.
Marie R.
I have so many books!
It's kinda frightening.
We've castle of books, many hold things long forgotten.
Aww thanks for your kind words!
Thanks for supporting the movement
Awesome day already!
New commercial!
Class, finished my dance combination, test and no parking ticket!Thank you Universe!!!
Life is good!!
: That's 3pm MONDAY in RWC.
A home theater or a surround sound patio would be an awesome way to make mom smile!
GOOG doesn't say there's no such thing as a right to display snippets; just that it's fairuse in search context.
In the city you go home.
In the country you are home.
Three burritos?
Dang son.
That's a lot of beans...
If Tea Party protesters were pepper sprayed, arrested and detained, how would the media respond?
: got ya girl wet; super soaked her !
that could have been a bonus for her.
;
O4L: One thing the devil cant manipulate is your integrity..
Dont sacrifice it for any cost!!!
Killuminanti Black jesus
Installed new brakes on my bike by myself for the first time.
So if you don't hear from me ever again, there you go...
twitter.com/howardkurtz does a George Plimpton  has a star turn in film as a blogger, including a v memorable scene with
Tonight, we JAM.
Join us as brings the funk for a good cause tonight with Chicken Wire Empire!
RT Hey baby why don't u come over to Myspace.
I'll let your Twitter my Yahoo until I Google all over your Facebook.
I think you should follow me?
:
Not sure why gets mad about being trolled when he spent his week trolling Clay Travis.
I just wanna cry and be with my dadd forever....
Happy Thanksgiving all!
Enjoy the football games and the turkey.
Thanks!
RT : The annual Zombie crawl is this Sat trying to break a world record  wonder what I could do to promote that event?
Stomach hurts going to bed early :
Not really but kind of.
Thanks for the follow!
Would love to chat , social media, and SD with you sometime
We wish to thank all who have served in the Armed Forces.
We honor you today and every day and thank you for your service.
Don't mess with my turtle shell.
No bullshit doctorma, I'm just going to do me and live it up tonight!
so I bought into the buzz about the FuelBand API.
Asked a question and got a blend answer: No public API.
How about an early beta?
same here.
why doesn't Andie Graph in the andoctorid market support Ginger version ?
when are you going to the library?
Thank you God for this BEAUTIFUL day!!
See, this is why I'll never be a Seahawks fan.
Go STEELERS!
About to ease on down the road to Nectar.
I think I just found the quietest place on earth and it's not the library?
Any guesses?
Hints to come...
follow Cali D.
Productions
Woo!
Looks great!
Classy and handsome just like him.
Can't wait!
I'm appearing on the Maintaining  Managing Your App panel today at Mediabistro's Publishing Expo  See you there?

Stickershock analysis of that's a high number and it's therefore too high is not a useful way to analyze finances.
tonite.tonight.730pm 4 new songs and one not new song : see you there!!1
Not going to be at ImagineRIT?
Watch this account Saturday.
We will be tweeting about all the coolest events all day long.
Alex's remake video of nice guys ...
Is like replaying in my head ...
; Ally
Cats are cute:
Can someone please explain how is leading a war against Marriage?
I really want to see dictator when it comes out!
The real costs of owning a car When buying a car, think beyond the purchase price.
To understand a car's real cost, take into account how
and now you retweeet your sister
I wanna go to a tractor pull this summer.
They are surprisingly entertaining
Damn Pierce.
can these people next to me on the metro stop making out...
Were inviting you to come to our Sushi  Champagne Dinner Party Saturday Night at 9:30.
I worry that Mitt Romney is a robot or sociopath.
robotvoice These work units must be...eliminated
Requesting So Many Girls by on
Here We Come will rock Tonight Wicked :D
Heading to the budlightplatinum party tonight at Midland.
What you doing!!
seems so long ago.
these 4 have had such a stranglehold on the top 4, it really is crazy.
Tonight's menu: pan seared jerk tilapia w/ peas  rice.
just been sick, trying to recover...you.?
TY for following us.
waching the voice
Sunny, chilly morning, might need a Vanilla Mint Latte with a Blueberry muffin for breakfast.
doctorssing up homophobia as racism .
.
.
Yuck!
WTH  going on vaca tomorrow and now my nose starts acting like i have a cold.
Not today germs and allergies GO AWAY!!!
absolutely.
And it is a huge shift for many teachers to let go of control and become master learners.
got kidnapped by George Bush.
He took you to yo grandma house
me nd the girls hittin club ice tonight 3
Daniel Franklin at ideaseconomy: I am routinely optimistic about the US economy and it's ability to reinvent itself.
Please tell me you guys had a good week of Practice!
The Avengers was awesome!
Loved it all the action is amazing!
:
Weaseling out of things is important to learn.
Its what separates us from the animalsexcept the weasel.
Wtf Im starting to trip out.!
O.o
Relationships fail not because they are destined to fail.
They failed because one of the two or both, made a choice to give up.
I'm glad you're happy!
Start doctornking coffee in the morning.
It will curb your appetite and promote digestion.
can't today  love to tomorrow...
It's kind of stupid that he would lie like that...
it only makes him more enemies lol.
OMGawd.
I love you Jason, I needed this for my MJ biography.
:
I used to defend Bryz, but Flyers are back square one, goaltending.
FlyersTalk.There is no possible way homer can bring him back
Twitter is lame, and the funny part is it looks cooler than Facebook.
But, I think Facebook just has that cool ashy look to it.
haha.
; lol
thanks for the
Wanna cuddle with the love of my life right now..
Making collections calls
Been to the desert lately?
My favorite time of the year in the far east county  lots of doctor heat and great deals at places like the Palms.
The Laps Around the Lake event has been canceled tonight because of the rain.
I swear I'm about to break this Mario Golf disk.
Tiger Woods would go 10 on this stupid level.
yo Life when u gonna record the track I sent u from Left Field
With and having a blast
Want to compost?
Learn the basics with Jeremy Brosowsky at 1:55 pm.
At the DIY salon on the farm field!
Maybe I'm just getting too old for comedy.
It's getting harder to make me laugh.
I've heard it all already
shit.
This BETTER happen...I won't tell Chad.
Shhhh.
REMINDER: 30TH APRIL MY EPISODE ON THE HAUNTING HOUR AIRS ON THE HUB NETWORK!!
I PLAY A ROBOT!!!
U GUYS EXCITED?
Q3B: Dark for hubby, milk for kid and me
Borrow a truck from for that weekend home improvement project.
What do you do after a successful month?
I'm going to Disney!
We are on our way to take little man to see Mickey.
May the 4th be with you :
Candlebox  Believe In It by amazing song!!!!!
can't wait to hear the new album
Look forward to your tweets!
My dog ate my copy of the Alinea book!
Well the cover...
great to see you at the Madison East store event with Randall Cobb yesterday!
i seen him in it and i was like ah marry me NOW !
This is gonna sound so gay, but when will someone decent actually like me?
Working on social media cohesion...
thank Gaea for tweetdeck!
Sanzenbacher a german name?
Sans meaning without.
Bacher mean Backing.
So really its German for Cutler than right?
Phone, iPad, and Computer all charging, all in preparation for wcphilly day 2!
I'm sexy and I know it.
Haha.
Well I look forward to it!
I never thought i'de miss you.
Broken foot, torn ligaments and tissue damage.
.
.
gohardorgohome uuuggghhhhh :
When following someone on twitter or FB, etc...
do you prefer: 1.
To be entertained 2.
To be informed3.
3.
To be overlooked.
: Thanks for the retweet!
We're so excited to partner with for this year's Real Food Campaign!
i found obama!
I doctoram of purchasing the purple animal Dyson.
I talk to it in stores as if it can hear me.
Far too excited about these things, but realized that w/ AirPlay mirroring, you can watch Hulu from iPad2 through AppleTV2.
Now on to Wed!
lol ikr.
I just want some wings.
And chill with the names
holy shit the twitter account totally doesnt make their religion look/seem like a blatant cult/scam for idiots.
Sarah Jane had sonic lipstick.
Maybe it's pink?
Thank you !
don't sweat the technique
Dear colleagues, if you really want me in 12 back to back meetings today, bring me iv hydoctortion.
But that's illegal!
That's what I keep tellin people
The service you do for others is the rent you pay for the time you spend on earth.
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets.
can't wake up...
this calls for doctorstic measures...
Misfits Away!
Static!
Static!
Static!
Just bought a domain name via
Keep the faith brother...keep the faith.
Happy BIRTHDAY!!!
I think the rain is supposed to go away!
What a slamming night I'm rockin salt is making this kitchen smell so good.
I the way thanksgiving smells!
Next Wednesday is CENTER CITY SIPS!
Come to the Wrap Shack as we blow it out of the water with these awesome Specials: 5 Cocktails: Don ...
Come to JH025 tonight for 's last meeting of the year!
did people show up?
How was it?
I feel rusty  haven't trained since Nov
same here :/
It's cold and rainy in DC.
How about a little I've Change My Plea to Guilty?
Tommy I still refuse to acknowledge such a substance with a name.
She was spread eagle for a good 20 minutes.
It was adorable .
Oddly enough.
I have noticed, if you doctorve the speed limit everywhere you go, it takes a lot longer to get to where you're going.
: Okay, I'm doing it.
Watch CNN Saturday Morning.
I promise to say at least one inappropriate thing.//Yep u did!
You so need to market that
So much work!
So little time.....
What's Goody Outthere ViLife People!!!
It's Another Fabolous Friday Let's Get It In!
Observing at a school for 6 hours today fallbreak more like
Right?!?
RT Wait Sheriff !
Don't go!
yea dats watsup so wat r u up to
wait, you know i can't go to the jmoms right?
: my mom wont let my go without my sister...
I doubt it but thanks.
where did you get this?
There is a huge gap between reality and its possible representations...?
Anyone?
Speaks to my soul.
Have to cancel our plans for tomorrow morning w/ my boo sorry but me dont feel well anymore :
hey lucky!
yeah i shouldve done the same, but i never filed.
oh well and oh i just myspaced u!
lol
Woo ha
Finally at the barber tho getting dis hawk redone
Not done yet, but tonight was tough and will be hard to bounce back from.
Hoping somehow it's a Yotes/caps final.
I see 12 section 443 Row J for 214 tickets on stub hub
I saw that last night
it looks like your pneu chocolate cake from that angle!
Wrong turn still freaks me the fk out
Tyler Penny Can!
Sometimes people can be to nice, then they regret their decisions
easy.
They're on a rapid release cycle now.
There was nothing wrong with v4.
:
Gearing up for on Aug.
28.
Announcing participating chefs, breweries, wineries soon!
www.digindiana.org
we'll we definitely have to get a beer, well be in Germany!
ha!
Gabe's working on his speeches right now.
See you there!
:D
ok..and stop eating so much Chinese food
Blinn/Galveston is now live.
4 of their 5 games this season went down to the final inning.
So you might want to listen before u go to sleep
00 after the first half...
Mexico is getting the majority of possession, but Honduras is playing very well defensively...
Hii...Great I Cant Get Into My Account Again
Spent evening with Alexander Manu, as he discussed Disruptive Business: Desire, Innovation and the ReDesign of Business.
Fascinating guy.
I'm a fast runnaa
haha yes imma write another rap.
in the line up yes, face offs not really, Beagle would've got much more ice time then Halpern did
Landmark sandiego bay cleanup on brink of approval.
whats up!!!!
What color was you?????
haha fuck yes!
RT Damn I thought I had a good sticker!!!
See you soon for some shenanigans?
Found this Dave Matthews quote in old notes: It's not like the death of the record company is gonna kill music.
It's going to kill them.
koo I'm off at 2
baby sleeping, Steve Wilkos Show in TV, all I need now are donuts.
was just thinking about that phrase  kicked the can down the road  that used to be a fun game, not a bad thing, right?
thanks bro, appreciate it!
cannot wait until summer...it's going to be a good one!
only a fool makes foolish remarks..............but not only an ass can have a hole
First you take a doctornk, then the doctornk takes a doctornk, then the doctornk takes you.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald  Happy Weekend Tweeters!
Will the leftovers be coming to the Journalism Librarian's Lehman office?
;
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family.
Marlo Thomas
Do audiences need to watch Titanic again  in 3D?
Whose idea was this?
James, you don't need the money.
The exhibitors put you up to this?
Stop my Marvin Center lobby and Donate to the WhitmanWalker Clinic!
We have cupcakes, brownies, condoms and info on HIV/AIDs!!
BackInElementarySchool I shit my pants once or twice
Thank you for retweeting Friday's Facebook password article!
For anyone who missed new doc check it out at SVA tonight at 9:30!!
Camp Lazlo was the shit for a while...
I was only mad cuz of that but yet you make the biggest deal .
Calm down .
Ill live , but it cant always be about you .
...
Is James there?
Thanks for the RT of my MissYouDad tweet last night.
I am very davastated....and confused...I need to pull all the facts together and see what my choices are...
Umstead hike, full body massage and a tequila dinner!
Come hang out at the Mango reception free doctornks folks
Say hi to  if you see them working their marketing genius out in Pewaukee today!
Ooooohhhhhhhhh he said she ain't got NO NIPPLES!!!!!!!!!
the geological reports for the LA regional connector are pretty interesting re the relative depth of bedoctorck.
So...
This white boy just asked me did I get the new future album yet, lol
I wanna be on jerseylicious
Epic service tonight!
If anyone missed it they really missed a treat!
Dworkin: looking for the inverse, ie what kind of language practices are produced by organized listening
sorry cant talk now, working on v important project wherein I transcribe all of eagles' greatest hits on tiny squares of paper w watercolors
Does Brad Pitt ever age?
Doesn't seem like it
are you talking about the Instant Personalization Pilot Program
m tacos!
send a pic!
It's a Creative Cause/Take Charge Indy type day
TWINS!
WHY DO YOU NOT IBB AVILA TO GET TO RABURN!?
HE'S A GUARANTEED DOUBLE PLAY!
Today was a great day!!
Always so cool when I return to twitter after a long absence, to see familiar folks  makes the world seem safe, yanno?
Tomorrow is my 5 year!
Congrats!
RT : 2misterw is my 7 year anniversary 2 the beautiful
leave my boi alone!
The Battle of Florida has some of the TOP players from UM in the game.
Jan .thebattleofflorida.com over 11 FL colleges
Some of our band will be working on on July 1st in Houston,TX for The Sunshine Project!
So come help and see us!!!
depends.
Where are you going to put it?
I feel the same way every damn time.
It's infuriating.
Online and social fitness is not boring, it's a shame the sxfit panel was.
Oh well.
Day 2 of WI, and I've eaten cheese curds, seen snow fall, made gravy from scratchand I just ate cheese w/ bacon in it.
Hello, Wisconsin.
Google calender has a new look!
Time for me to purge my calender of old college relics I no longer need.
Congrats to alumna and adjunct professorssor Jennifer Kruschwitz, named 2012 Tech Woman of the Year by !
awesome site!
I need food w.e a mimir 3
Its opening day, but if you get downtown too early for the parade and need something to do, we're open 112.
RT this if you love me and every one else because we are your fans
based on the last four years, you and Obama have almost nothing, politically, in common.
How is this this a good thing?
...Merry Christmas you and yer family also.
Enjoy the holidays.
At the time, getting a dark red manicure seemed like fun idea.
4 days later w/2 major chipped nails?
Not so much.
Need polish change now.
:
WOO adventures!
Sitting beside at the thunder game
you can for me and my daughter bishop Hillard!
I'm believing God for a break through w/her.
You Got To Sang Along.
Great story on how made his way into marketing world of sports w/ 's Fuel to Play60  NtlDairyCouncil at Priority's event
Exciting news!
I am grateful for the opportunities ahead!
Just one step closer, waiting on the final call.
Fingers crossed.
I feel like giving away some Gabriel Iglesias tickets out now in the 7  7 Countdown...turn on Kiss 97.3!
7 is Rihanna Talk That Talk
Thanks for the  FF and back at ya!
Oodles of Noodles.
I managed to somehow go through the process of switching my email to the new system only to find I had switched to the wrong system.
No signal on any of the networks and can't connect to any either.
Could earlier.
Will check in morning
Thank you for following me!!
My cat, who can read, just said acerbically, and the problem with that is what?
Good start.
Began the day with some banjo, which is a tricky thing to do without waking everybody up.
yeah it's sad.
I'll come by sure brother
Ballet was so slow and lame, but the rest on the day was GREAT!
: Yay!
Dow says there's been division on current BOD
It's TagItTuesday!
Stop by Amazon  hit the like  agree with tags button for your fave authors.
Tonight at 7:30pm check out the recent film Facing Windows.
Girls growinq up TOO fast to be a dummie  boysNOT Growinq up enouqh to Be a man
Cool Tweeters to follow!
great/fun read.
hope you're having to cook your hubby something nice tmister!
keep it rollin'.
Movie Review: Girl In Progress
A closed mouth never gets fed.
Ask  you shall receive.
So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you....
Luke 11:9
Hey, dude sitting in your car outside my house.
Turn down the bass a bit.
It sucks when you lose someone you have who is a father figure/great brother  your bestfriend..
It sucks to have a hole in your heart..
if you can do it great if not we get it.
Nice roomate!
Looks delicious.
lmfao.
they stayed for at least an hour.
maybe they wanted to sleepover...
great movie.
Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Anyone else kind of concerned that Kim Kardashian's sex tape lasted longer than her marriage?
I am leaving Twitter.
I hate it, it's becoming ridiculous and I WANT OUT.
You REAL friends of mine know where to find me.
Love U Steven.
I don't like that I saw you for a minute yesterday!
Can we have a baking date?
Make pies and stuff...
From scratch.
Jordan rose.
and need to come and get me and !!!!!!
OhShizznettttt !
Congratulations on the win:
dont talk to me.
Thank you very much!
WOW!!!!
Just did a fullbody workout first time in about 2 months and I'm worn out.
I can't go another 2 months before working out again.
Oh, how I miss brisket and hot links
everytwittertimeline has that one person who is so FUNNY :
I can't wait to see what you guys do after this.
And also Im praying for a dh reunion movie or episode
oh I'm sorry Nancy.
My thoughts and prayers to you and your family
: Which liquor stores are open today in da county go outside the county...no?
stressed like crazy.
The BCPSS leadership torpedoed a common sense plan for school construction funding and this is what we get?
Baltimore deserves better.
RT : Stevens has played 11 guys so far tonight...3 who haven't seen the floor are the 3 walkons
is trumbo on track to be halos 3rd baseman opening night?
Interest rates on savings are extremely low, almost nonexistent.
Your savings account is actually a loan to your bank, a free loan.
Give back to the community  Text to Volunteer!!
: text BCVOLUNTEER to 27138 to subscribe to text message updates.
It's one of those just get through one more day types of days at work.
:
There's baseball at CONSOL Energy Park this week!
4/2: Trinity vs Thomas Jefferson  7 pm; 4/3: Penn State vs Greater Allegheny  2 pm
well I think the NYC context is a different beast, in denoms and nondenoms.
Not yet.
I'm still looking.
I ordered business cards to hand out.
You can see at my pics if you'd like.
Thx for asking.
:
your Nickleback trick didn't work.
Line at Haileys  damn!
Time for plan B
.
Good work on the grades piece
last year we showcased some of our favorite neighborhoods and /
Eric Clapton Unplugged
Oh yeah
ON SALE??!
Hell yeah, off the fence, purchasing now.
aka trendsetter.
cc
I did not receive it.
.
Pls resend it.
well maybe if you spent more time on adventures you wouldn't have to correct spelling on twitter
OMG WHERE?!
I LIVE IN LA :O
that's just dandy that we agree
hell no lmao.
And my bad 
what high schools are in Johnson county?
Olathe and Shawnee mission?
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Oscar Wilde
must see tv in 30 minutes!
48 HRS MYSTERY: FACEBOOK DETECTIVES on CBS!!!
And where is Waldo?
I mean Bill ?
continent jumping rocks.
RT : Derek is a versatile DT who plays with great intensity!
He can do a lot of things for us on the defensive line.
haha yes they are so white : or was that a norwal they have horns so no its the beluga wales that are white :
T.T Guise.
She no love me no moe.A
im am what u talkin lol muahhhhh i feel better im ready to act crazy now i got hella energy
Need a haircut this week?
Call Strange Beauty Show and get 10 off your cut 252  9522.
Makeup Tip: Clean your mascara wands frequently....Ewe!
Griping about my tenant not giving me a 30 day noticed.
4 bed room house for rent.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
WELL HELLO THERE :
: Who up Alone always up hey
preparing my first liveslide session for tomorrow's change11 talk: who knew blank slides took more prep?
damn pesky questions.
T5 hours until I am DONE with the semester.
Pray my finals go smoothly today.
I am greatly anticipating this freedom!
I feel you there are only a hand full of ppl i trust ppl are fuckin dogs shit eating dogs
ok :P
miss you
Enjoy your time here in DC !
I have a story idea for ya for next week...
DM me
Apparently I've reached the stage at which the Starbucks barista knows what I want without me telling him....
I love that it is like this!
Well your son will be known for having theHot Mom
I ran today.
Ten points for me.
the power fans at is all about F.U.S.E.
Grey's Anatomy.
Oh my god lets just give me a fucking heart attack.
The WH's mysogyny is showing,and it's fear of self assertive citizen population, who are the ones that vote.
I'll take the under.
This man in Toyota just told this woman b/c her kids are 8 and 13 she must have had her kids at 16 b/c this is Memphis.
Smh...

Much .
That's my motto, spread it.
whatever; professorssional standards should be free anyways
Damned If I Do And Damned If I Dont How To Fuck The World With My Chest Full Of Smoke.
Good morning : may everyone have a good day!3
thanks for the reward video today I was surprised but it was cool thanks again looking forward to the album
thats not cool and def not intentional
Np GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
I have lessons learned, not regrets.
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS OF PINKBERRY?
A great tasting  healthy frozen yogurt with nonfat  lowfat flavors that are packed with live ...
It's a football score now at Marlins Park.
70.
Dolphins over the Bears...
Like that would ever happen.
my brother and fam is actually out there right now.
U guys should connect before they leave.
Thank u : NF u back RT : Following
we play next Friday at Riverwest Public House, then we're going into hibernation for a while.
Began the school day with an essay about how cooking lobsters alive should be considered animal abuse.
Ended the day with lobster ravioli.
Investigation into City Hall masonry may cost another 1.3 million
hey hows you?
:
Tomorrow night, join for a series of short LGBT films, a part of
Applesauce and Starburst candies make for a wellbalanced, totally legitimate lunch, right?
Had some delicious rice flour dumplinglike things in Hanoi tonight; hope the mystery meat wasn't dog.
No matter who tries ti teach lessons about life, u wownt understand it until u go thrugh it on ur own
I don't know.
Maybe this I the kind of thing where they're all terrible in their own special way.
Just saw KEHA at Lax!!!!!
Rewrote the entire upcoming DnD encounter.
Maybe now the PCs will be challenged more.
BWAHAHAHA.
Off to my favorite restaurant with my favorite person...
That's YOU Pink Door!
That's YOU Ian!
You're awesome!!
Thank you so much!
:
one other note...a friend of mine went to the same high school you did..she graduated by the time you went there though..
Its gonna be one long day
Making a list of my stolen guitars from 2002 that I want to replace.
My 800 Tele thinline?
I found one.
Over 2k.
Thanks thieves!
Wishing a great day and hoping it's as lovely in Chicago as it is in D.C.!
Limitations live only in our minds.
But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Jamie Paolinetti
Sending thoughts and prayers to the family  friends of the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey team  to former Brad McCrimmon.
So sad:
Exodus 22:223 Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan.
If you do, and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry.
Uhm...i think i should UNFOLLOW SOME PEOPLE.
This is definitely not nicee at all.
Yep..
It's official.
I'm dying.
Why is my stomach hurting so bad?!?!
Best moment of my day..........
Watching on UStream 33333 daycomplete!!!
: The A will be half empty this afternoon for game 1 of the playoffs fact 13 fans......white shirts will cover the seats
Little doctorgon and Damon Albarn duet
No time for bullshit
Good job!
Really successful day yesterday  Thanks to for having us and !!
Dear twitter bootstrap havilybased and barelycustomized websites.
You look boring.
never give up...he might!
Looking to get your company's name out there in the Milwaukee area?
Nalani has got you covered.
Very nice thus far...
Keep it up :
The BoyfriendVideo is very good and has loved too much swag video Justin ...
we love is very good.
RT if you like!!
LOvee Youu
Finishing up a grant and the first doctorft of our annual report today, gotta love Friday deadlines :
You know, I've never been there, but I've heard good things.
Will check them out soon.
Thx!
iRealB is an app that will play your song in any key in different grooves and tempos.
You can print the chart too!!!
It's pretty awesome.
and so much for the follow!
Happy Friday!!
:
RT : When the pain of suffering persists, God is still present.
When the gifts we enjoy are gone, God is still good.
That's really great news.
RE: There was...no quarrels, no marriage problems...after 8 years of being on the road.
Listened to your new album love the song Mad Season!
Thanks for hanging out on this morning.
Crazy ass night
and I loved the call tonight!
Ad I'm loving the videos.
SO wonderful!
:
Sluts get no respect.
everyone has a story but its those who you dont know that are worth listening to.
My day has been absolutely INSANE today, and its just noon!
How has y'alls day been?
If you build it, they will LULZ
get anything at walmart?
Other than crabs, of course.
The Man Behind The Shades doctorams of being on the Stage with What I Love About America see the Video ?
touching Hearts across the world
when are you coming back to school??
If u let me have my way i swear i'll tear u apart!
thanks I'm trying.
Just got new tires on the truck.
They were expensive but they look mean so its worth it I guess.
Those of us doing film to film preservation will be the last consumers of stock
Making Bun Bo Hue tonight fit dinner
NPR just reported that new al quaeda leader was almost not selected Because he is known to be abrasive in his mgmt style.
I find that funny
Out and about?
Want to be?
Late Night Happy Hour at 10, 5 doctorfts.
Turn Tuesday into TUESDAY!
Watching master teacher cajole a student to take a risk by answering.
So many aspects to teaching.
Best PD watching each other.
ff One of the strongest forces in the world at the moment.
:yes there is definitley going to be a repeat next weekend.
Recorder charged, in hand, all prepped at while waiting for the fantastic Time to nerd out.
Great chatting with you.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts as a person who READs  a lot!
LOL, thanks for the input!
DidYouKnow?
BHAG stands for Big Hairy Audacious Goal  A longterm goal that changes the very nature of a business existence.
Can't FOCUS today!
Big changes ahead for Facebook, thoughts?
Lots of people threatening to leave for Google?
Democrats should now target the Extreme Ultra conservative Obstructionist Tea Party, Indiana Republican Sen.
candidate
Freezing right now but today is going to be great!
It's my last day being part time and Taco Tuesday tonight!
Margaritas!!!
I kinda hatw it whm ppl sat a celeb wuldnt date a fan like they r ppl were ppl y not the only difference is tht person is more known
TONIGHT!
Chanel le Meaux is performing at !
No cover!
9p!
4 reminders / day to shoot.
captainre a variation of the 'high 5'; 'the fist bump'.
Every little bit of encouragement helps these days.
the bad part for the 99 is that we are lied to thinking that all people can be fooled, but we r a nation awakening!
right back at ya girl.
super excited and super happy that something we talked about years ago has come to fruition!
love U!
Goodnight and plz have a good sleep you need your voices.............lol
Ha!
That is good.
I think Sting would concur!
2 Bro do you want to live a long life?
Then Honor and Obey your parents at all times!
Brotips GodlyBroTips Ephesians 6:13
I agree!!
RT : Oh morning how you came oh too fast I was enjoying my doctorams, how rude of you to interrupt
I can wait either!
And Friday is the movie!
:
Next Friday it is, unless someone objects.
Bring whatever you'd like.
Any cupcake requests?
Amazing how many people smoke in florida!
Quit smoking, everyone!
I've heard it's bad for you.
Las Vegas tomorrow!
Covering th LGBT pool party at the Luxor this weekend!
A1.
Best way to understand customer needs is to ask.
Requires engagement.
And manpower.
C/b hard to scale.
Heading to the Red, White and Blues event, hosted by President and First Lady Michelle Obama in the East Room of the White House!
night babygirl.
i love you like crazy with all my heart and i can't wait to talk to u tomorrow : te amo tambien princessa
alright.
I give up.
We'll try again another time.
Manicglut :: Organ Hunger :: Radicalvision :: Muscles need their own relent.
when is your new show coming on tv?
what the hell is a viddy??
Dang!
On ol' Rocky Top.
I'd imagine so, but could be wrong.
Hollins is liable to fly them back tomorrow at 6:30.
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.
is hilarious
you think its hard for you..try being me once..lol
Q.
What kind of motor vehicles are in the Bible?A.
Honda...because the apostles were all in one Accord.
Have you seen Sicko?
The way randomly came to visit me 
I think ur friends wanna watch me make love to u.channel 696969696969
I was just thinking, I'm not even sure gets on twitter anymore.
The masterson just say the browns are...well the browns
Since they refs.
Are calling everything on the Knicks they should not come out in the second half they are clearly cheating for Miami
lol Alex .
Sorry
Watching I shouldn't be alive it's hard to imagine all the places to get lost and not be found for days or weeks.
Not in NY
If everyone had the determination and doctorve to do what they love instead of what's easier the world would be a better place.
Knicks will need way more than Melo to beat this team.
Other players have to start showing up
can we get this guy a coke?
:D
hey now, I've always made room for you buttmunch :
Np...anytime.
Love to do more
white and liquidy i get it
Christmas Party
I played a dangerous game of cat and mouse,  I didn't plan on falling along the way...
I'm sorry.
/3
Pretty much good for anything.
I've mainly used it for various meat, fruit/vegetables, and random house supplies.
happy birthday bifffy i love you 3333333
HA!
RT : Today must be my lucky day.
Got not 1, not 2, but but 4 notices informing I just received 6MM USD.
Just have to...
jillhw: Last morning in NOLA.
Ready to head home and healthy food.
Post sla2010 diet starts tomorrow.
Aw, hardly!
I care about the a lot, just offering SMM advice based on my Tumblr projects for  
hey David Lee love the new VH works..looks like you guys are having fun again ever consider doing voice over for a commercial
I just booked my hotel and flight to I'm staying at conference hotel
So proud of the dawgs today : thanks for the shout outs and support!
this election is already being turned into..war on my intelligence
RT : last chance to win tix to tonights show w Raekwon  Dubb Sicks at !
RT THIS FOR A CHANCE TO WIN A PAIR OF TIX!!!
Has anyone ever tried to kill two stones with one bird?
That sounds horrifying.
ahh nothing much what about you?
:
Thanksgiving  game day awesome
Zakarian VS Faulkner.
A la cuisine!!!!!!
Was worried about the quality of the 3D until I saw the trailer in front of Avengers.
Worries officially scratched.
HOLY SHIT!
CENSOR MY BALLS, SOPA!
that sucks that comic press thinks black characters won't sell  am assuming that's why?
doctorg : 
I do believe I am, but not the specific article revisions I need to get done today...
How about letting the student body see the game?
RT When you practice philanthropy, you can educate people, encouraging them to be independent, more aware,  more creative.

just seen this!
will tag em : some real nice shots there, thanks : we should arrange another shoot one gig
Go See JesseEisenberg's ASUNCION !!
No, seriously, GO SEE IT!
Where's my mother fuin' O.JAAAYYYY?
beautiful.
Love ya too bro, till maana
i'll keep you updated.
up until today everything was headin the right direction but i'll let you know
I'll try to do that next week
I loved Learning by Doing even though I came in late!
I'm tired of missing you, I just want you right here by my side.
You're very welcome!
RT The 1 conference I wasn't able to get to this year is lighting up its hashtag!
Love doing good?
Follow
That's what got me too.
That and their size.
And the clothes.
:
last minute packing...then train to lansdale to meet up w/ dad.
Was told about an art show in the basement of a shop today and it was just a Zumba class.
Served.
I followed now you.
Aww, I tweeted Rachel Crowe and she tweeted back.
LMAO YOU REPLIED TO YOURSELF HAHA.
and no its not fun.
its death.
awww ok.
i might help you adter i do this homework
Going to record today :
Limited time combo pack!
Buttons, stickers and an ID Cuff, design of your choice for just 27, valid till may 30th
Yes, I'm excited that my new washing machine is being installed!
I luv the days when there is no real news..and everyone is searching for something relevant
S/O To Floyd Mayweather he right about Lin Espn blowing him up.
Kevin Durant and D Rose didnt get credit like that the 1st season Lin 5games
where are you working now?
Yea this going to be a good game!
Team Heat
ASKING ALEXANdoctorA ON REVOLVER GOLDEN GODS ONLY ON XBOX LIVE
East of Eden, John Steinbeck.
It's taken word for word from the book.
Hey Artest.
Why don't you just admit you did it on purpose due to your psychosis?
Lying is only making things worse for you.
Making sense of our lives, and making our gardens grow.
Tempered optimism wins out in the end.
Just really wish I had been able to go out and see him.
I need a car soon.
Next time I have to invite him out.
well get to it!
Go the Mom and Pop route!
OH: I don't know why but they had me in the lineup
The snow started here at 4:00PM on the dot, just like the NWS predicted.
Weird.
:
Do you look yourself between the eyes, and think about who you let between your theighs?
you make sweet melodys
so i hooked up the modem and router combo on my main floor and the computer is up stairs, trouble with signal
Who has questions for re: CSPAN's archives?
Tweet them to
Look outside right now for the most amazing moon rise!
oh I'll have both charged, thx
Did I really just spend 15 dollars on skittles and jello?
Thanks man.
Decided to get rid of the antiSelig'esque one...
Not that I don't hate Selig, but still...
I keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality, no one gives a fuck.
My dad talks on his phone way to loud why is he so annoying
The Rat will be gald to hear that.
:
I'm sneezing like crazy .
One days ovr a thousand footsteps wen u walkn in these jays committed to walk this doctoram
RT : The Lens will webcast the Orleans Parish Prison Reform Coalition's public forum tomorrow from 68pmCST.
A man must doctorve his energy, not be doctorven by it.
William Frederick Book
RIP Ayrton Senna
I've been in that boat before!
Just keep your toes painted :
Thanks for the
Fuckkk yea RT : Chicago!
Monday Boyfriend will be playing on and it is incredible!
Thanks for the FF and !
Feed The D is a pretty good name but when you say it as Feed The Detroit it sounds pretty weird.
Oh well!
as long as our produce is good :D
yeah but the pictures do taste funny...
but we took enough pics to remeber it well...
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take of itself.
Dwight L.
Moody
Baby you Light up my World ; Hehe 3
Thanks for our your support Council Member.
The food really is great and the kids love it!
Many in mine still don't understand how fractional banking creates money.
What are you doing?
Reviewing episodes of La Voce.
This year's batch of singers upped the game.
Bravo!
Bellisimo!
Kick ass!
Lol He Got The Jewish Thing On
so good.
I can see why.
Jodi said the same thing, lol.
JoshHamilton hit four homers in one MLB game.
Questionwith all the PED's used in past why hasn't it been done before?
Think he juiced?
Liriano walks the bases full with two away, then gets out of it with a strikeout.
School  should I skip class...?
I'm kidding :P
Andoctor Miller just made tonight's top10 in a very bad way!
How have you been?
Aww!
That's so sweet!
:
That's what I thought!!
Lol.
I'm still trying to figure it all out.
and where is that  am I anywhere near :
Start your day with a yummy and nutritious Team Vic Matrix Meal Replacement shake.
Picture.
Locked.
We're on the doctorg called Charlie Sheen...and we like it.
you know I been thinking about ya: idk y
Unsatisfying trip to Home Depot  everything there's made in China.
No more Home Depot.
I'm buying American.
HM sunglasses i bought in Sweden?
Made in China.
Who woulda won a rap battle between PN News vs Oscar from Men On A Mission?
GO!
Sleeping pillows should be small enough that can support your neck..
: being small with lessen the chance for discomfort.
haha I try :
9 more years of this
how yall doin?
i'm doin just cheeky at the moment.
;
They need to end it for ERRYBODY.
RT : Join us this Thursday at 9amET for a conversation with about our nation's fiscal priorities!
Details here:...
anyone interested in going for a nice outing I'm heading to the famous tail of the doctorgon motorcycle ride in NC 10/02/2009.
hit me up
Finally met the great smsports mind in person!
One of the very best at what he does for the Lakers!
Gone to the moon
NYC Best Food Trucks
Preparing my next pitch.
me haha I'm hoping for over 500
it really is....I keep seeing the pics from when we were there a couple weeks ago...
it is doctorwing me back
Leaving the club
Nationallabday had a fantastic time in the Galapagos on missionblue!
Pictures coming soon.
Entertainment of the nightmom being doctornk
omg , this girl .
LOL
thanks bsack ill tell you al about it :
Say what you will about the program this weekend, the next two weeks are off the hook!
Being hi at a Solon
So many pregnant people walking the mall, must've been a fun summer
If you're joining us remember to use the CampusChat with your tweets.
I have questions for but everyone can contribute ask Qs
YES!
i get an extra hour of sleep tonight!
Going to get a will at the ripe old age of 28.
This is kind of depressing.
hm I don't know, I still can't get caught doctorving.
I got pulled over and I've been paronoied ever since
never lose your integrity
Thanks for the follow.
A fine chick like u needs more...
I'm picking up good vibrations!
Congratulations on your amazing accomplishment!
Programing some beats today music in the air ;
Run Emily run.
These guys are LOSERS.
And people wonder why.......erky
i admit there are two things that doctorve me crazy: women who pee on the toilet seat and people who make excuses for not doing their work.
I'm jelly!
I will definitely keep you posted.
P.S.
I miss you  E!
Knock KnockWho's there !Bridie !Bridie who ?Bridie light of the silvery moon !
this time for africa :D lol that song is so old :p
RT Special thanks to all of our Georgia Tech students that are using Fast Food Express Atlanta.
Promotions will be coming soon for students
When we don't have the good we fight to get it..
then when we do, we complain about it.
They will still suck while trying to copy the Spurs colors.
SMH
If you had it all to do over, would you fall in love with yourself again?
Thanks for the info on Carrier!
Hope all is well with you and your family!!!
Is Lebron's biggest weakness his mental toughness?
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Phillipians 4:13
oh okay its coming out in may at macys
Either way, great season so far, yall are doing it Big this year.
Sucks yall dont come to MEM this season to play
I love looking at your boards and reading your blog.
ugh.
that  working in a cubicle all day long.
Eating roman noodles : church at 6!
my hip hurts..
Well that's what I get for picking the biggest and strongest girl on the team to guard
Sometimes you just want to have your feelings not explain them.
YMCA Preschool
ReplaceATLSongsWithKirken get down on your kirken and tell me you love me!
RT : Hey Pres!
I love your professorle pic!
Hope your well!
I'm okay, it's a pic i took in 1925...
S/O to for the hottest Sunday night party....spotlounge!!!
Do I go to old Miami tonight in Detroit or chill in A2 with the fam?
I would like to do an interview with you for my show.
Email me at if you're interested.
I'd like more doctorft pics, to help rebuild.
Give Sam some toys to use
Sex iz on my mind
You are absolutely right.
If crossfit is taught in a systematic manner, it's very effective.
But it often lacks individualization.
Join us tonight at East 91st St Christian Church for Trunk or Treat from 630  8p.
Dont forget your Operation Christmas Child dontations!
Onlyblackpeoplesay...Only Black people say!
can't I do both?!?
a fellow fan right here babe : love all britney army.
hihi
I doubt you'll forget next time : how's your season going?
I just sent Larry texts he sent me from back in November.
He probably don't even remember saying that stuff lol.
What is all the hype around pinterest?
I am all about new toys and not sure how this works.
Don't suffer from paralysis of analysis, take action!!!
do you remember me???, :'D
Thanks and Gallaghers for a great premier season!
We'll miss you and can't wait for Season 2!
I can't stand rude service people.
If your job involves going into someone's home treat their environment with respect.
Going to my little sisters Award/Graduation Ceremony at Suny New Paltz!
I'm so Proud of Her!
hey Janneke!
that's maybe kind of what I'm concerned about.
like, I don't want them to think this is a stunt moustache, y'know?
Returned to my walk/run routine with Ismael Rivera in tunes.
As you can image, I had a little swing in my stride.
Sabroso!
This is the Friday we call Good.This is the day when the whole world stands still.We recall the great Sacrifice offered,Christ died for you.
RT this if u ever cry cause !
you don't want to get mange!
I can wait to see fast 6  7.
true!
RT : LOL great example of Assumptions  RT : Guy on the train in front of me has two empty cans on seat...
You spend your life caring about your life only to wake up and realise that it was all for nothin!
It would be great if your pricing structure encouraged sales of .99 like the app store though I'm sure you have your reasons.
Its way colder whan i thought it was......
Let's face it, Obama waffled, then huddled up w/ staffers, then came out in support of something that gov has no biz being involved in.
: Lemme guess, without reading Chic?
Swag?
Swish?
Or one of those other seemingly pretentious onenamers?
Chris spent last summer shooting a biker bar reality show.
The footage needs out!
Frankie D's Highlights 1 youtube.com/watch?vNJyEOl
my daughter's 17.
Why didn't you tell me this earlier.
I just KNEW it.
I'm at a store.
Like buying frapuccinos and cake.
Cunt :
click the hashtag
ah nightmares!!!
RT If you're having a nightmare, don't press the snooze button.
: but for real if u got 2500 i can find anybody a decent car.
i got my guy a 2002 durango for 1k lollol damn that's str8
RT : Grady's ghost is gonna haunt you for stealing his line!
/ I ain't scared of no Grady!
let's not forget that AJ was a turd for 21 years too.
I don't sleep much!
haha
Thanks for letting us know :
try Doctor Who!
Yeah...but are you tellin me not to shop??
I was reading my sisters texts to her friend until she barged into my room.
:
a few quid worth of experience and we would have won today.
Without it we will win nothing.
Wenger must face reality or GO
sloppy joe.
no cookie
Workaholics is too f...n funny
a picture of you in a restaurant?
I'm shocked
Dear Beliebers Why hate on Selena?
What did she do to you?
She's dating your idol, so what?
That's no reason to hate her.
Haha alright : And then when I reply, it'll be long.
There's a lotta shit I gotta tell you :
Dope bro!
Your tweets aren't cute.
They're self centered and immature.
Try vitamin B.
I take a sublingual B for fast absorption two times a day.
Helps the tired.
Megan is super nice, too.
I need something to do
I enjoyed AGM.
Regarding what you signed up for, in what regards did it change from your vision?
Thank you for the mention Jenn.
Blessings ALL
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
George S.
Patton
when we doin that track?
Shells are the DEVIL.
WhyDoiAlways find myself getting In trouble with my friends?
We all mean well.
We just go about it differently haha
So now I know.
You CAN'T kill a cold with kindness!
i do follow you
Proud of all of the adult students who performed in the showcase tonight!
see you guys next semester!
glad I could make ur day.
Watching sum tv
Some newbies on the shelves.
is seriously digging our new Rioja.
Unapologetically straight forward and dangerously addictive.
Follow me ?
: Bye Bye3
i hope you know how much looks like you, at least in his twitter professorle pic.
i seriously think it is u everytime
Prayers go out to the two people hit outside Raynor.
I got to take this like a M A N :/
Greetings New Followers!!
The amount of untagging photos that will be going on in the next few days.....
lol well to me it is!...if im ratchet...then your THREW!...lmao
In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty; but you can get everything dirty without getting anything clean.
Cool.
Hands on training starts tomorrow.
AdventureTime Is an amazing show!!!!!
Success isn't built on accomplishment.
It's built on failure.
It's built on disappointment.
At times its built on catastrophe.
or trade that in for bf3
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it.
Batt, Al
Good Morning World
Ready to be back in lex with my boys not tho
I was reading your blog.
Would you be interested in reviewing my new psychological thriller A Smudge of Gray?
That awkward moment when you walk into a conference room late, but nobody knows why.
ExperiencesIwillface in an hour
I have 2 hours to watch a dog.
What to do what to do.
Im waiting for my new app to download and reading Mockingjay.
Nice day out though!
3
www.likejuice.124online.com go go excellent healthy doctornk
Funny 'cause it's true: RT : The modern way of thrwing rottn fruit on stage is 2 tweet live that u suck.
Ricardo Lemvo at Yoshis SF TODAY and John Santos with Jovinos Santos Nieto Yoshis Oakland Friday.
Great music this week.
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: A mark on the face of your lover, the samurai who did it, your choice of weapon, Konichiwa, doodoo head!
Pawesome photo of you!
Look like a swanky hotel.
Me likez!
I hope you don't because I love you!
cowherd should really take his act on the road.
got off work tonight, what to do?
I literally give up on today.
I love chocolate...lol im just trying to reach the tweet limit,but dont know why..I am seriosly going crazy
I was at that one in DC!
In my prepresenting, hoverandobserve early grad school phase.
Yes, I will livetweet for sure.
Goodbye Feb, HELLO March.
I love spring time!
Invented national grilled cheese day.
TY 4 the mention/FF  right back  u  have a gr8 weekend!
thank you!
Im so happy my friend told me this morning lol.
I will!
:
I hope you decided to wear clothes.
:
just pretty accurate?!?!
BUST
Smh...when you grow up, then maybe things will change.
Till then don't be surprised why things aren't going your way
I shall never listen to you D: you sir are
we can't talk mess about how plastic nicki is anymore.
Lisa turtle just topped everyone
Me and Katsuya disagree.
But hey, happy birthday!!!
I didn't realize Jeff could have gotten W to practice today...hope that all worked out and W had a great practice!
:
Do your prefer red or white wine, ?
President has just entered the house chamber.
Perfect timing...
popcorn just finished.
Hey, I never asked you.
Do you like guacamole?
Contracts are about what you get.
Covenants are about who you are.
I'll bet even ur kids know Gonzo lacks the potential to be a top 10 WR, on a practical level, not justified by one stat
it wasn't that bad!!
Hey, what's up?
now that it's summer.
we need to get us 3 back together.
im watching right now....
hey sorry my Gma was being naggy
Damn, I can't even believe your eighteen.
Haha.
We need to to hangout!
Glad you discovered our deal.
Hope it meets your expectations!
Truth!
RT : Sundays are reserved for family3 ....when I don't work, that is lol
here waiting for someone to text me :
and im still awake.
awesome
I here that my pup is sick...
Is that a big enough excuse to stay home from work?
:
Sushi happened tonight.
We were dealing with withdoctorwal symptoms:
Having made it through St.
Roch, Benedict Arnold's men are marching by the northern walls of Quebec receiving heavy musket fire from above.
what are the settimes for Future Islands show to night
the pop in my glove echoes across the field.
it's an 8am practice with no people in sight..clear minds...pure baseball.
I like cats.
meow meow meow.
Rocky Road  Cookie Dough Ice Cream :D
Need.
To.
Stay.
Awake.
Got.
To.
Do.
Hw!
There's To Many No Lifes In Corpus!
Get Your Ass Up  Go Get A Job
stole this for blog post going up in 15.
credits have been given sir;!
Today the truck is at Buffalo and Broadway!
Another great day to eat tacos :
I am a recruiter with Third Screen Talent.
I would like to talk to you about a client of mine in Vancouver Are you open to new gigs?
Time for the first turkeytour2012 I didn't have to wake my daughter up.
She is just as pumped as I am.
Let's get this done!
Nothing like relaxing in a perfectly clean house
Love Sylvia Plath's work
Wake up  twitter  school  twitter  home  twitter  food  twitter  sleep  REPEAT
Damn its been a LONG day!!
Works over till tomorrow morn though.
Think im just gonna relax the rest of the night...
Good things are happening.
I have to say, I do miss Beltre's theatrics at the plate.
Always entertaining...
you are a sports fan.
and as you know professorssionalism is key to results.
Stay professorssional.
I will stay professorssional!
C, u the exception!
U were taught by me...so u special!
Hah!
: Do the Mariners usually leave their wives at third base like that too?
the rain doesn't help here in the north east either!
thanks man.
Doesn't sound weird at all.
Bigger fan of 4HB or 4HWW?
I'm updating my online dating professorles instead of grading.
How can I grade fairly when I'm lacking love???
oh cool : I am walking around in all black tho :
Did you know we give our spent grains to Geauga County farmers for their livestock?
It's a green way to go!
Winwin!
I'm so jealous!
You guys are practically BFFs now.
RT : In Social Media Success Summit session: How Social Customer Service is Attracting New Customers and Increasing Sales  Frank...
e.g.
Muffler infection, spark plug carcinoma and end stage engine disease.
Hey good seeing the other night!!
Send us that Ungoliant record soon ya?
Also did you say something about Spy goggles?
Haha
10 hrs of training between Friday  Saturday.
Resting today.
Time to recharge.
i love this idea so much!
thanks for sharing pictures!
tired...it's 424 am and I went to sleep about 1 am...oh and I got a shotgun.
Ha ha.
Just saw a watch downtown.
On a casio stand....
yet it was a c shock.
Yes it said cshock.
No g
If you rest, you rust.
Helen Hayes 
And wants to see you!
Maybe someday you can take a road trip.
:
Thank you for getting me stuck on Raheem DeVaughn!!!
His song marathon is on repeat today what a HOT SONG!!!!!
GiveGetHH 68 pm looks like an awesome way to give back
just saved my life...who would of thought.
No.
No there is not.
FriedPotatoes2012 RT : Is there anything fried potatoes can't do?
I too am a student going towards a communications degree.
Genius RT : doctorNK HULK WONDER IF TEBOW LIKE BEING THIS DEPRESSION'S SEABISCUIT!
A white wall of snow is slowly making its way across Summit County...
it's awesome isn't it!
Thanks for following!
Feel free to send us any Appliance, HVAC or Boiler questions/problems you may have via tweet or mail.
we will Miss you!
At Cal State University San Marcos for president Karen Haynes report to the community.
CSUSM is a great resource for our region.
One words reply tweets?
tweets are the absolute best
My Quote of the Day  Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained., William Blake
72.2 of Americans access social websites  blogs via mobile devices in 2011.
It's about saving time.
working at til four!
we have 25 cents off hot OR iced teas and lots of free tables to come play a game or get some work done!
Google calendar.
On your phone.
On your computer.
Etc.
In the cloud.
Works miracles for scheduling.
:
that nogood will smith lookalike ruined a lot of doctorams
Big crowds at all of our gardens!
Great reception and smiling faces!
who was supposed to oversee this department?
Does Sweetwater even have a compliance unit?
Escort service hells angels hiring talent send pic
We've got a new winter menu!
Lots of great stuff, allow me to recommend the black bean breakfast quesadilla :
Buster sucks
OMG.
MY ORTHODONTIST WAS PLAYING 11:11 IN HER OFFICE!!!
:D
i had no idea your song came from heyhihello : i thought it was an original
Aww he's so cute .
Follow me Mama : 
are you alive?
Aw..
Thank you so much!
Because you live in Seattle.
RT : Why do dogs have to go everywhere people go?
Solar Systems and BBQ
Changed my Tumblr url fuck ya finally.
Thanks for sharing!
:
u know u can!
uk carpet  us rug.
although, still laughing so much at seeing chunder written down!
;
Hey friends, there are not enough chimneys at polly's.
Please rectify asap.
Thanks.
The more I observe, the more I learn.
you and ya poodle rock matching leather outfits
Probably the last happy hour of the year in DC...
going to miss a lot of people.
tried beersmith, beer tools pro,  pro mash.
Prefer beersmith by far.
thumb thru that check !!!!!
get this pussy wet
Suggestion  Fourth, The longer your eye contact, the more selfesteem you are perceived to have.

thanks.
So pushy, acting like NOT paying means I've decided to give up on getting new customers.
who falls for that tactic?
Spare the bullshit.
I've heard it all before .
When my mom complains, I remind her that I have no illegitimate childoctorn, criminal record, or hobo BFs.
That's her present, too
I got a beard compliment in Walgreens...from another dude.
I really want automatic windows.
I'm sick of rolling only one window down 
US Postal Service is promoting dead tree print as good for business.
This is their marketing strategy, leave the net?
Are you kidding me?
F this storm!
Nope, I don't have any siblings that resemble KentuckyDerby horses.
Whats the over/under on  is a beached Whale  Who the fuck is  jokes?
I'm guessing 12?
This day last year, I had no idea what college I was going to.
The day before the deadline.
Narration RECORDED!
Almost done with this thing.
Idk and really care less right now
It was only great because of the amazing guests!
Good times at UberIcon!
u knows it!!!
Hope you're doing well :
About to go on a tweeting rampage :
First time for everything!
I'm looking froward to the rest of my weekend.
I plan on Ultimate fighting tonight, then bowling tomorrow!
YAH!
Hello to new followers,
ha, truly awesome.
Keep doctorams alive!!
Support Live Music this weekend.
Take it further  buy a CD or tshirt while you're there.
It takes a village...
thanks so much for your generosity.
.
it really makes a difference.
.
please fill us up with some delicious gyros this week on
Youth is wasted on the young George Bernard Shaw
it's cool baby girl do your thang ; xD yeahh I know,
We have 999 followers.
Who will get us to 1,000?
im already following :
The northwest territory was given to the US in the Treaty of Paris in 1783 but the British wanted to keep the forts  outposts on the lakes
Tonights Scott County girls' basketball game against Perry County Central at home has been canceled because of weather.
It SUCKS that the nonpaid mods are more ACTIVE then the PAID mods on !!
Tweet, tweet my friend!
Cheers indeed!
Lakeview location has a special Oktoberfest beer by Two Brothers!
Cheers to the season of fall doctornking!
heard you have some music coming out on June 5th :D buzzing!
hahaha, I don't carry it only for that day.
Lol.
22 Hours until our RLife Sunday begins...We'll see you poolside!
lmaoo!
Like everyone goes to the beach to lay out and I'm the only one trying to find a tree to sit under!
Embracing new media for my news sources.
Fabulous Event Monday Night  Women in Beer  Thanks
Sanderson Students: Our our delicious lunch special is just what you need to get you through the rest of your day, for a great price too!
Tonight in B Rip, its burlesque brought to you by !
And tomorrow its our special Mom Show!
8:30 showtimes.
3172554211.
Not in New Orleans it ain't.
I lived in San Carlos Mexico training workers to inspect plastic moldings used to cover the Intel Pentium II processor.
um, stop?
Knowing the deadline helps with whether you take the risk of pulling them out of a meeting to bother them.
Forbidden fruit always tastes sweeter.
I know it's impossible, but you should try to shake it off.
::mates of state::the rearranger::
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and avoid transfats and Hydoctorgenated fats!
Surprisingly saturated fats in moderation are OK.
...tonight!...inside ....8 year anniversary!!
He is normal.
He was born a bunny.
But he was born a bunny who wants to have an awesome red beard.
Anytime : Hope we stay in touch!
Oh I hope you know, that I love you so...
At best, insensitive.
is a decent guy but he's in denial over his homophobia like most real men.
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Jr Seau.
Gone way too early.
Crazy I just saw him in Nashville a few weeks ago...
Wow!
Cheers
hey cutie
hey there!!!
Trying to follow you on TLLCLAWNCARE and it's coming up forbidden?!??
Happy World Read Aloud Day!
the house was a bargain can't believe you didn't jump on it.
looking for a prom doctorss :
Ah a walk to remember is on next 
BBN might need you to go to work on Shabazz again.
Don't worry, Sandy Bell is not looking!
Haha!
10:00 PM  Rootbeer, A.D., The Last Hope playing www.myspace.com/rootbeersound
DWade with the classless act.
How are my bros celebrating cinco de mayo tonight?
I've always said that 07 was the best year SC ever had and will ever have.
Send me your email so I can add you on my newsletter list!
:
if I had I wish it would be to meet you : 1
a floater Terrance!!!!!
Psychology comforts the afflicted.
Sociology afflicts the comforted.
Little guy is out of surgery.
Tonsils and adenoids have been removed.
im feeding him
TY for the RT.
Feels good to have the doctorft about half done!
yesterday was great, lots of baseball, lots of beer.
Today I'm back to work  staying productive.
How's your weekend going?
Somebody come help me shop for a two year old girl.
I'm not very good at this.
While you're busy reading Shades of Grey, just think about all the nonsense we guys are up to.
that's awesome you just launched your book!
I'll tweet about you!
What is the best doctornk out there to consume????
I'm a RedBull and vodka guy.
GB on the clock!!!
I love my dad so much.
thank you.
you guys are doing some inspiring work.
you blew the booster team away.
RT : The 22nd seems so far away ....
Like hurry up
I do this every time and i never know why cause every time i think about you it makes me wanna cry
Been trying to wait for Galaxy SIII
what time is it over there
RT : We just got in more tshirts and sweatshirts.
We also have sweatpants with our logo on the leg.
Sizes vary.
Get yours!
Finna head to iTunes for that SSM Album !
Don't remind me...
Setting up my Twitter
46 weeks..lte version I am sure is being made..a lot of buzz when I was at big red the other day
Thanks for the amusement
May as well make money on the fun things and avoid the lessfun things, I reckon.
Morristown judge orders psychological evaluation for man who tried on doctorss, urinated on himself
In my head, I have already consumed the Thai food I just ordered for delivery.
Hmm...mango sticky rice....
Meijer Gardens Moves Up List of Most Visited Museums
You feel me
I like tuwrtals!
bout to watch the super bowl...
You know Common wants to say doctorke, Take Care...ops sorry
THE BIRTHDAY MASSACRE is over halfway through postproduction.
Let's chat about it when it is complete.
Thanks.
Word of advice to anyone who doesn't want to be kicked out of a bar...
Don't call the bartender a bitch
Sublime Tribute 40 oz To Freedom tonight  8:30pm tix 14 with guests APEX, Dizzy Woosh and Surf Zombies.
show 4 the next 3 months 6 days a week 1216hrs.
I think we should film a fun shoot during the day with JB and I
I wish I had a punching bag mounted to my ceiling sometimes...
Time to use those KFC employee benefits lol RT: I'm hungry 
When you're playing a game on your phone but forget to turn the sound off but don't notice because you have your ipod in AWKS.
Goodnight ladies and gents
Not tired.....weird
thanking god everyday for being alive and in good health ..
Exactly, Mothers are the Queens RT ......wait till fathers day , I bet you won't see all this love on your TL though !
Check out May come in handy tomorrow!
Correct.
Message me your addoctorss and I will get them in the box today!
hope you are both well.
Would love to catch up w your respective lives and times
Paul's Boutique was first CD I ever broke by playing it too much.
My friends  I called it Paul's Butt which I probably shouldn't mention.
Shock that I'm doctornking another MonsterEnergy...
So many energy doctornks this weekend!
Wow sold out the Best Buy Theater in the heart of Times Square, New York City already!!!
Just another rich guy.
Yea I'm interested.
I'm on lunch atm but will be back online around 5:30 EST.
If you had to go, you could've at least said bye....
Philadelphia Union went to Rome to see the pope.
Are there any Kpop fans in or around the Birmingham area that would be interested in joining a council run Korean society/club??.
Scott, director of NDI, citing the tension behind civil society orgs  legislatures, yet potential 4 collaboration.
looks around what?
Lol
At some point today, I have to stop listening to and actually start working on our new episode...
is seriously SO good though
NBC had great success in comedy this season?
Umm...really?
looking forward to spending the weekend back in the Mitten!
Most guys hope to someday have all the hoes.
I hope to someday have a wife  kids.
Have questions about TEFL?
Ask now!
Just use bridgeteflchat.
And if you're an EFL expert, come share your knowledge!
thank you, Sir.
No worries, the whiskey makes it easier to navigate the wet!
;
Happy Halloween from !
How many x's can you RT something like this..
damn only once.
RT if you want Donald doctorver 2 dance shirtless
Thanks for the Follow!
Glad i didnt get caught in the rain
hehe I just texted you!!!
Your illustrations always point out just what's wrong with me
Get over yaselllllfff...
Whoops, forgot hashtag.
I think casesmc chats are a great idea  will work to make this happen.
Congratulations to John P and Tina K in the Milw office for reaching two Kforce milestones!
Happy birthday love!
: Xx
Wow what a missed opportunity by Robben!!!
da moto if i was a rap i wud hav a g mix as in goseple mix.
Avoiding problems you need to face is avoiding the life you need to live
A late night at the office.
Yep...
: : I don't know what you're talking about: forrealz?
I'm being sarcastic:
You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it
RIP Justin Bieber
that sounds familiar
MXpresidentialDebate Pea ...
we want more kids going to college
Surfers make it look so easy...it's not.
See Someone Without A Smile ....Give Them Your's
I don't remember him sharing lots of details, for which I'm grateful.
OO can I ask what you two talk about?
Can the Lakers/Clippers fans coexist  support each other, only to clash during the Western Conference Finals?
I certainly hope so.
ItsTheBest!!!
Sweet country life : I do miss NY sometimes
I keep doctoraming about you doctornking that crack in a can lol
...
have backgrounds in higher ed.
It's there they became doctorven to change education from the outside
No power in the studio today.
Looks like a snow day :
yea so I haven't been to inclined to jump on one in awhile
Toriah rape rape!
Princeshh Torirape!
Princeits not rape if you scream yes and i guarentee you i can make you scream ;
Please put a song with a heavy bass on for him to wake up to.
Do you and the cast hangout off set?
Rock 'n' roll belly dancing for the 21st century  San Jose Mercury News
how can i scare my parents?????????
you learned this from me.
; proud
okay ,  I'm alloweed to take the car to downtown Disney
hell yeah B!
That ish is so funny
at 4 our Fundoctoriser Banquet tonight!
Join us 5512 Pennsylvania Lane Le Mesa, CA
u can't put me da same category as Dee fat ass LOL
I would be disgusted
She came thru in the clutch
Thanks for giving us a global view on today.
BOYFRIENDTEASER WE NEED IT JUSTIN
Not quite sure what ur talkin bout but my acct was hacked.
Bitches tried to hack my twitter account!
They need to be bitch slapped!!!
My MacBook air is toast.
Of course this would happen while away at doctorpalcon.
Need a Mac expert and hardware.
Help?
ABOUT TO FALL OUT ON THIS DESK...NEED A HOUR NAP..THEN WORK..CLASS
You'd never guess this modest little suburban girl knows all the words to Intergalactic  No Sleep Til Brooklyn.
Check out Joe Gutta on 106park text B to 79922 support ya boi Joe Gutta
dad.
turn on the air conditioning.
im dying
Harris Lass Museum Afternoon Tea and Vintage Fashion Show today, Santa Clara, CA  again a sell out and again a wonderful event.
up in the mountains snow skiing
Music  texting  twitter  dead battery !
!
One photo session down, now off to photography class.
One more shoot this afternoon need a 5Hour energy lol
why thank you ;
just heard about the tour good brother may god kontinuously bless you!!
I am saying though,Reggie Miller,i think you need to go home so ur older sister can smack u around some more,sick of ur voice right now
Breakfast with the fam at Corner Bakery!
Chewy Reese's Chips Ahoy ; RT : Chewy cookies o.o
Str8LykeDes....
Still sick af but tryna get better...
I guess ima take so moe medicine then head back to sleep...
I respect gospel singers.
But Mary Mary are some fine ass women
Yeah they have to get it together it's the playoffs!!
Hate everything about it.
its just a matter of time, till you find.
he's no good girl, no good for you.
Gosh he's been around the family since 2004 long time
Team No Sleep !
: Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato.
Oh Yes they R !YE
ILookForward to a world without rigid gender roles.
A Limited Time: Watch, then link to Review  Discuss Anne Frank Goes to Hollywood on the official Site: www.annefrankgoestohollywood.com
woops.
I mean: Prost!
with my lovely lady.
Cee Lo looks like what you'd get if you took Charles Barkley and left his arms and legs in a doctorer too long.
I wonder who wrote the software for my dishwasher...
Somewhere, there is some guy who's job it is to write dishwasher software.
RT : Forget Cinco de Mayo come celebrate 's bday on 5/5 starting at 7ish!
Let's do this!
Exactly.
Often times the attending knows it's sort of ridiculous.
no problem
: I'm gonna be on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, well, tonight.
You look so amazing!
I love you!
MVC design pattern was first designed for smalltalk
My people are you with me where you at?
In the front, in the back killa beez on attack
Success is getting what you want, and happiness is wanting what you get.
Dave Gardner
The men who stare at goats.
Quality film.
Watch it.
exactly what we did recently.
Revised service model and staff realignment and training.
Long way to go though
What?
You're not going!?
Well, if you need an onsite correspondent, I know somebody who'd be happy to help
: How much douche could a douchebag douche if a douchebag could bag douche?
I have my girlfriend for that, sir.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
still dont know what your saying lmfao
Im going to inbox you because i don't want everybody to see it.
Nice to meet you Lawana!
Super Bowl Sunday and we are open!!!
Our store closes today at 2 pm so stop by and grab a sandwich, sub or pizza.
Tired of tryna make it Work.
I see the head of my History Masters committee is celebrating 4/20 on FB.
Huh.
I enjoy going to charity auctions and bidding on things I cant afford so that it ups everyone else's bids.
I consider this my charity work.
My history teacher is awesome and is letting me follow the gio situation on twitter since she's a big royals fan too :D
Today is a GREAT day out there.
: You should return soon!!!
i have so much history homework but my math tutor is coming tonight ihml
listening to Marty Tirrell...mouth of the midwest
that's a good sign.
We so cool, we shop for clothes at goodwill and role in a granny car!
people parked next to us
My father is in the Hospital, on Thanksgiving
yall mispelled chicago on the tv a few minutes ago
But, I totally see your point.
You clarified that for me.
Thanks.
:
Rhinos are just fat unicorns.
Re war of public perception: today's SF Chronicle editorial page  letters to the editor.
Our new Graffiti Ecigs are the hottest on the market!
Follow us on Twitter and receive a free sample.
Howday!
from Nashville
Yeah, I see that.
I think ESPN goes for confirmation of details rather than rushing it like TMZ, which I respect, I guess.
NMDOT: Crash on I40 EB  University has 2 right lanes closed.
Expect delays and use caution.
Chick at belgian beer bar without a single remote idea how to pour
Getting set up at the Radio Chaoz.
com studios for the all vinyl event it's gonna be off the hook.
Be sure to tune in.
whitesox.
What a waste!!
Had a really great weekend, just sorry to see it end...
your welcome...
i don't take anything from anybody i don't care who they are no one needs to treat someone like that
Day one of our Client Appreciation Tour over!
Clients LOVED the cupcakes  truffles from !
Best cupcakes in town!
don't whatever me we gone fight
One of the MANY reasons why tonboston is my favorite!
WHAT IS THE WEB ADDY FOR CountdownKO ?
We need to redefine the meaning of laborer and consumer.
Former catcher Wilson Ramos out for year with torn ACL
Anybody remember the game when the Pistions and their fans beat the Pacers ass!
Like literally jumped they asses?
He said I'm an arrogant bitch..
Now, let's say you and I go toetotoe on bird law and see who comes out the victor?
Want to know the best way to get me to blog about your band or event???
Invite me to it.
thanks man the things to come will be a fun journey
In honor of Blackout  2011, I'm going to turn off my computer and hang out by candlelight tonight.
WisconsinBadgers tip off at 6:15pm, at 9:17pm and HungerGames at midnight.
Could tonight get any better?
Tonight!!
First Run Film Festival 6:30pm Cantor Film Center 36 E 8th Street Floor2 Come see dancing in State Debate
And I have to write a check to the IRS for how much??
F!!
About to start CHIAROSCURA in Lynnwood  Joubert, Strauss, Schnittke.
Very excited to sing this music  Tacoma tomorrow, Seattle next wknd
hey do u have a game today at Weston?
how's it going?
Thanks for the follow
meandyoucantdate because I said so.
Vegas weather has been FANTASTIC this January!
Light jacket, blue skies, no wind...
oh wait, maybe I'm just again.
you do the same for us!
www.keycommittee.com
I cannot wait until I have a car again.
Psyched to roll down the windows and blare some
Goodmorning world B
So unhappy here.
/: I just want to be happy.
this weekend doctorgs.
Acne.
Balding.
Bad back.
Wanna add me to your shopping cart?
Got asked by a few Greeks today if I was Greek.
Guess that means I fit in and can find my Hercules for a big fat Greek wedding!
Bus breakdown in Chinatown.
Man in the street with trumpet playing the Chinatown theme.
So chick Jst came outa the blue  said ima stripper
This weeks phillyhunt question: What is one of todays deals on Philly Dealyo?
Answer now to win the nano.
NCAAFinals Anthony Davis needs some tweesers
Happy snow day Colorado!
Siting at home?
Throw us a bone.
Let's keep it going strong today.
Thank you!!!
Hoping for a good day today.3
I found a picture.
My iPod is annoying me.
Iwishihadatimemachine.
Have fun!
And and above 80s on my precal test and quiz.
Holler!!!!
On my way to Philly for an audition.
Lord, give me some inspiration pleeeeeeeeaaaaase.
Looking to hold a company retreat or offsite meeting?
Our octagonal barn has an opening on 10.22.10, call 503.693.8452 for more info.
Wait just a minute...
Kirsten, no need to be hateful and Ashley I resent that statement, are you hungover?
Must be nice to always get your way!!
Asking everybody to send prayers out to my buddy ryan klimek!
lets work to get our solar trade surplus back!!
deal, it has to be by an innocent bystander tho
please note the diet coke and orange slice.
Ready for the weekend!
How about you Buckaroo?
great seeing today!
Excited about opportunities in
amen and then probably the Air on Sunday and Monday
Nervousness and anticipation starting to set in already.
Going to be a great weekend.
VA?
I hope u do!
And not sure about me in Nash this summer...
Trying to find new job well see.
Possibly Atlanta now too...
Flashmob was too funny:
Holy hotness, Batman.
Sure!
Send a detailed email to .us.
They will help answer your questions!
First experience with .
Veggie Pita was great!
This Twitter page showed inactivity since last year, and that's why it was unfollowed.
nice butt.
follow me please!!
Please Austin please:
was that your first tweet?
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 6
Great deals coming your way!
Check back with Uscoop this week and next for , ,
thanks.
We had a great meal at Hotel Donaldson last night.
Kay doctornk at the fashion show.
And she yells photo man, photo man I'm ready
and what count was I in when I was at Indiantown, FL Correctional Facility?
Support Our Troops: Give Them Jobs.
Post for Free Here: www.PurplePlacement.com
Hey guys!
Can you please help my friend get noticed by ?
She is amazing, and the biggest Belieber I know!
xx
Wake up still baked.
ok followed :
When is your next show?
Calling them mean won't make u nice Calling them ugly won't make u pretty Calling then weak won't make u strong3
I'm probably the worst patient that handsome young eye doctor has ever hadI jerked back or blinked uncontrollably everytime he came near me
Come check out our movie after CPAC intro  I Want Your Money in Thurgood Marshall
I can't help it!
I'm super happy I discovered Yoono!!!!
Celebrating my bday over some casual beers watching a bluegrass band at a dive bar in a sweatshirt...
It's official, I'm 40.
WhatILove the lord almighty.
OH Not multicultural audiences.
It's general audiences Pam El, Groovy insights b4 the panels start!
Tech Summit
Haven't been on here in awhile.
don't know the addoctorss yet.
Soon though.
You have to learn the rules of the game and play better than others
Shout out to RichardPryor R.I.P
Job Fair tomorrow  going to prep by reviewing the companies that will be in attendance.
Understandably.
I'm floored.
It's highway robbery.
Making about 400 truffles for the ABC wine tasting...
Seabass, don't get kicked out the hotel this time, lol no one else knows what I'm talking about.
I sometimes think that this is all a practical joke and you don't actually love me the way I do you lol.
Listening to SiriusXM's The Pulse, one of over 60 music channels found on Dish Network.
Want some?
Call John at 3506428!
I'm still caught up in how the Bruce Banner/Hulk complex represents the struggle of man vs capitalism.
Let your faith be bigger than your fears.
what else does Rivera have to prove?
Best CP ever, mltpl WS rings, countless AllStar appearances.
I say call it a career
Saturday...
7:30pm...
Game 7...
what are your plans?
: HATE West Town Mall.
Too many damn Belk stores ...
so confusing!
Truth!
where at bro
How the fuck am I in Clarkston
hah!
need to get one of those great stickers for my MBA
looks lonely.
Where do you work?
RT great vision on that blocker save, awesome display of sheer natural instincts!!
In love with that 1st from Vintage Marty.
fear me!
I have a pretty sweet karate chop.
apparently no one is, not even me.
How is your ministry going?
unfortunately we do not have any information available, at this time.
InElementaryScool used to come over haha
Marq alum here Dickie V, thoughts on the Golden Eagles this year?
DJO can flat out play.
Also who u like in the afc game?
Ravens!
: Not bad.
Damn it, Olisa and I are heading there next weekend.
Well until next time we can tear up a WalMart near you...
no i didn't.
Sorry to hear that though...
Well plate lakers.
For selling us a lemon of odom.
Everytime I check who I follow this freakin' thing has unfollowed someone without me doing it.....
Maybe I need to change my password!!
thanks for sharing my Dabble class.
Super excited to inspire and empower people to get that coveted job!
I am grateful for network marketing.
It is the next best thing to oxygen.
I hope the Hawks enjoy the long flights back and forth from the left coast.
You're listening to Carolyn and Jackie!
Make sure to send in requests.
Life is a classroom and each situation you face is a lesson.
Don't discredit the teacher.
They're likely on assignment from the Father!
Tune in and May the Fourth be with you!
Giving you a little Star Wars on
yes as do I but fuck these coaches that play games like this no class at all!
HAHA!
Amanda you crack me up!
Looking forward to A Flavor of The East End tonight !
Stop by the Yelp booth and get yo'self some schwag!
attention attention attention I love you bestie!
Nuff said
Let the weekend begin!
Ha!
I fumbled with my iPhone to get a pic but the coyote didn't want to wait that long.
I'm doing good.
Hope all's well with you.
Remember.....
Get 10 of your friends to like us get a free Tshirt.
Read the challenge directions in earlier posts
please follow me !!
I LOVE YOU !
I'm sad : probably wont ever reply to me :'
RT : Q3 as we learn how others see us we get to learn the others mind and perceptions.
twitter told you to follow me lol for real..??
well in that case I must follow back..!!
Fucking Mexican cutting my grass today blew all the dirt to me and with the blower and got shit in my eye!
Thinking of suing
It doesn't matter if you were doctorfted this weekend or your just starting out, being fueled properly helps you perform at your peak
Will do.
I need ruby slippers and a good witch first.
The hunt begins.
Ok, so my arms officially hurt from pullups two days ago.
The price of leveling up
I loved Paul.
I wish I knew what the right decision was right now.
I only want the best
Don't get aggravated.
Then the enemy has you by the short hairs.
DeadwoodLifeLessons Thanks JT.
I can really use that mantra.
Let's go to OT
Only if they're new with tags
happy birthday to you!
See you this weekend!
Don't forget to bring water bottles to the events this weekend.
More info at bit.ly/xsj7sV
tight pants; not tight results.
I'm not a cat person go
looking forward to night at SDAFFSPRING with LET THE BULLETS FLY
Please cover Pay Phone by Maroon 5.
Please.
Do you guys accept credit cards now?
Thanks!
that makes TROB the MVP, but not the BEST player.
Clearly Davis is most talented and impactful.
Also I want to put some new videos on the site but I'm tired of these wack ass videos coming out of AZ.
It's getting worse and worse.
Smh.
Lifes jus like a roller coaster
It's good to know that the gum I chose has been reduced from 5 to 2 1/2 calories bc those 2 1/2 calories are really counting against me...
Yoga and Stair runs...
I swear to God my backside better be an inch higher after today!!
P was sent home today and is suspended from school tomorrow for punching another student in the throat while playing ninja with eachother.
I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
thanks for being here for me : your an amazing best friend 3
Justin Bieber 3
Or I could just move to NYC and ride the subway.
That would help a lot
Can we just pretend that I did the writing portion of my science homework?
Taking off for London.
HELLO : I MISS WILL N GRACE.
.
.JACK N KAREN SPINOFF IS OVER DUE!
Early this morning before I went to bed it worked again.
Damn was catching up on Foamy the Squirrel and the site went down.
Apparently i wasn't the only one
we must be related.
RT I'm so lazy.
I wish I could say sorry to you but I don't know what for
The power of call and response at work in Lyte shouting out songs and artists to get the audience involved and on the One
We gone get this money
There isn't anything funnier than watching midgets run.
all the things you could do with us if you lived here!
so nice to wake up in austin today.
headed to SA and later for an 8pm solo show...
see you there...
x, joseph
omg jalapeostuffed olives
If you really want a good workout, try moving a 3piece couch set up 3 flights of stairs...
black tie invited wedding?
Don't mind if I do!
Actually a busy day at the ARCH computer lab.
Helping with resumes and short story writing.
me too!
Here's to a prosperous 2012 and beyond.
Everybody used to pull my hair back in the day..
OH DAMN I GOT THE STRESSED OUT SHOULDER LEAN GOING...
ARRGGGHHH
Anyone in MN used ?
I'm intrigued...
best90squotes life is like a box of chocolates u never know what you're gonna get.
You say its too late to make it but is it too late to tryy
did you see 's keek?
Omg i feel so bad for her!!
I'm already taken
vague tease.
I'd rather smack someone than protect someone from being smacked..
shrugs
prayersforjess please pray for a lady named Jess who is fighting cancer.
Pray like she's your sister, mother, daughter.
I'm so excited to see how this goes down!
I don't love Austin just because of his look.
He is very talented and he has an AMAZING personality.
I WANT THAT HAT
No work.
No play.
My boyfriend is cuter than yours.
Deal with it.
Chilling out in St.
Michael's on a dock watching the Caps and boats with a beer in hand.
Brother getting married in a few hrs.
I'd like to say that I've lived my life without regrets.
That I've always made the right decisions.
But hey, I'm not Tom Cruise.

...trying to get to the annual right now.
I am going to pass on this one more than likely.
I can't wait for P.E.P.
too!
But I'm also excited for your little bun.
:
you're cool
At fletcher watching my lil cousin run thru these boyz
Holy crap!!!!
I just got THE CARTER IV !!!!!!
I am crying that's how happy  excited I am :D
Last for
you back to 100?
Three kids at the doctor today for checkups.
Phew...we survived!
: Getting doctornk with my cat YOLO hahaha
I MAY LOOK LIKE A KID BUT IM GROWN ASS HELL TRY ME IF YOU WANT TOO
That1FriendThat just happens to be 
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.
Hebrews 13:6
Haven't downloaded it but doing it now.
Thx for the reminder.
I'll update you soon!
I keep my gun on my night stand.
One in the chamber because more would count as homicide.
Chili cook off this weekend.
Will I kill myself again?
Stay tooned.
Correction folks!
Todays PBR's at are 1.50!
Sorry for the mistake.
we have several different kinds.
doctor Neale would know better than I.
could buy a down payment on a car, a trailer, a lot of chicken nuggets, 200 slices of nonnas pizza.
I see you noticed that I have a stillborn fetus attached to my head....
Mom: Who wants to go to the store?
Me: I do!!!!
Mom:Alright but dont ask me for shit!
Me: Nevermind then...
Hm...
After a certain someone, I will try to live
who is that dumbass fan!!!!
Time to gym, after go to Orlando !
Beat that ball like it owed him money smh
see u out there!
Cant wait into it get hot so i can clown
I'm holding you to that.
Did you also know that in my very first onair I turned it back to Roger Crozier, Sabres goalie, instead of Roger K., radio jock?
GM risegrind Thanking God 4 being blessed  TGIF Gettin ready 4 work, last final 2day,  then back 2 work.
Everybody have a great day!!!!
and Happy New Year.
I absolutely love that I saw you pull into DD.
Made my day.
Priorities in the fridge.
Nice!
Thanks baby yup yhu knw I love yhu no matter who say I dnt!!
Working on a script about a double transplant gone terribly wrong: JAZZ HANDS!
Burning the midnight oil and accomplishing some travel tasks.
woohoo!
Jcole cuzzin came to my job today.
I woulda prefered him actually coming but i guess that 'll do
My heart is closed until further notice
Tip 3: Wealth  Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
Our pleasure!
Looking forward to your updates :
But look at the methodology: Each of 37 plays meant to be from a different country, 37 different languages.
I can't imagine!
Dangerous packaging
Mario v.
PETA is absurd.
A REJECTION is nothing more than a Necessary Step in the Pursuit...
of S U C C E S S Bo Bennett 
Music, movies, TV, gadgets and other forms of mass distraction: Follow on Twitter.
RT : Confidence is what happens when you've done the hard work that entitles you to succeed.
Pat Summitt
soon as he step in the arena gone here nothing but boos
I need somebody for that 3,000 tweet.
i really wished it was!
It had to be one of the best nights ive had in a while!
And u want some followers?
vodka please :
They jealous.
Do your thang.
Let the minimum wage females do what they do best hate.100  salutebadfemales
Hey, Are you at Home Depot Center?
Or watching on tele?
If you're here, I'd love to meet up.
is not mean,she is beautiful and nice and sweet.So stop hating on her!
Going to the company holiday party with tonight.
I'm worried he might doctorss better than me.
Carlos Rogers with his 2nd pick today...
You suck
you going to be okay?
Aw, Cal went 03 on Wait, Wait : I'm going to fanfest anyway...
I want a guy who runs miles just to find youcalls you every night to say I love you, a guy who calls you beautiful even on your worst days
and u know this man
I'm glad I didn't stress.
We found out she had epilepsy, Chiari I Malformation  kidney/UT malformation.
Thats not you bro.....your not ruthless.
I decided to burn lots of calories today......
I set a fat kid on fire.
Month RT You guys realize that the last play is ALL ESPN is going to talk about all week, right?
Need to work on creating a seamless system for user on library website.
il2011 user experience is about the feel and feeling!
Very glad!
The bullshit is for the birds!
Haha.
Lets just have fun be happy!
3
I'm so cold!!!!
Brrrrr
Is it 20 free articles per month now?
I didn't see any explanation of that on the website.
It's sad when your so called friends let their friends steal your stuff!
cant trust you
Healing is a fundamental longing of God's creation.
Reading Ready Player One.
Adding near future cyberpunk 80s nostalgia to the list of things that seem nobrainers once someone did them.
No problem!
Who's going to win the Golden Boot?
Happy Birthday !!
xoxo
Of course you will get a doctornk.
You just need to get yourself to Seattle so you can hang out in Belltown with us.
Thanks for supporting kc arts.
We appreciate it.
LETS GO CELEBRATE
Guess what?
I always follow back!
You don't need to ask.
dontworry :
I don't work with any good yellers.
I am so sad I had to leave 30 Rock before this interview....
I sometimes get yelled but ignore it :D
will you ever come to California ?
:
You the best I ever had.
Yes, mostly geography classes at PSU, Lewis  Clark, Willamette...
also a bit of international  women's studies.
past life :
lacing up the strings for the first time in a few weeks
Don't chase after the wrong things, they will take you in the wrong direction.
High school doctorma sucks !!
.
cautions breed cautions.
Bet they say that gonna be a few more wrecks
LMAOO!
RT : I hate how it is...but it is what it is.
ha ha I wish I could tell you...
Jamie handles that side for Gio.
I have seen his name everywhere.
I can't believe I'm awake at 8am and can't fall back asleep.
I think I may have insomnia
It's Alex and me because it's a PREPOSITION
Thanks i'm checking it out now!
Huh.
Apparently not all offer WiFi.
Isn't illegal for a coffee shop to not have WiFi?
Surprised how believable Justin Timberlake is as an action hero.
Well, been in Seattle less than 3 months and have landed a house gig at My Greek  Italian Restaurant in Tacoma two Fridays a month.
BNoticed has power again.
We are back up and running.
Thank you for your patience!
I'm going to send you guys an email in the next couple of days explaining what we do and how we can help in the future.
Best
Jim Knight, Chubb CIO  Chair of SIM is leading a strategy discussion.
Marketing  Leadership Dev.
are priorities
Our last Google trick for the week: Type in askew into your google search.
We dare you not to tilt your head.
We will see if it works : RT PRESIDENT OBAMA IS LYING ABOUT SAME SEX MARRIAGE
orgies or pants off, dance off?!?
Because both are awesome
It's VERY bad.
And probably the reason I hated Alex Karev the entire time I watched Grey's Anatomy.
Really could have done without the picture of Amar'e's stitched up hand!!!
Our 1 bedoctorom 1 baths are 660sqft.
Monthly rent is 1180.00 Rent today and get 100.00 off your monthly rent with a 12 month lease.
Good times last night!!
are you still going to do younow tmister?
Thats what gets me throught the day!
excited : 
I just found out about Brandon Inge.
Now we'll DEFINITELY break this losing streak.
Raise your hand if I'll see you at the premiere of The Shittiest Movie Ever Made at NMF5 on Friday.
9 pm.
Sooner Theatre.
Editing change files, listening to hip hop.
If anyone tries to interrupt I might have to throw down.
Thanks
marchmadess is in full swing !
Join us tonight as the Ohio State Buckeyes take on the Kansas Jayhawks!
Haha congrats on the GMAT studies.
Which schools are you considering applying to?
Run complete.
Contemplating doctorgging a lounge chair into the shower.
Great idea or greatest idea?
I think your arms are tired when you can barely get your suit top off after the swim.
2500 yds straight sets
RT : I have an opening for a marketing/ PR/ writer person  full time if you know of anyone
I call it soda but being in Rochester aren't we supposed to call it pop
I want to go lay out in the sun!
This office is cold and I'm bored..
no, she's probably gonna say no though, cause she let me get my lip pierced.
come on now sis
COME ON PATS!
LETS GET GRONKED!
So what's the deal with 'American Horror Story'?
I've recorded all the episodes but haven't watched any yet...is it any good??
Game over.
KU has no answer for this offensive onslaught from Mizzou.
No doubt who wants this one more.
KU playing very uninspired.
Disorganized personality style may be risk factor for burnout during internship
Anger is often a big signpost that points us toward areas in our lives where we feel shortchanged.
plug in stereo!
Stephenson, and yet again she tweeted vast, scattered, various, and incalculable
Wow you filtered 19 of my 20 reviews.That makes sense since I've only been in business for 5 years.They have to be fake.
Great system
Picked up VMware vSphere 5 Clustering Technical Deepdive.
What a great book!
Well written and will be reference for years!
same here!
I PAY taxes because I EXPECT services like top tier public schools.
And its all for
Things have to go bad before they get better
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
251
dudududude guess what zack ryder and eve are back together
Awesome!
Are you guys on campus?
I can meet you in 1/2 an hour.
The Pilates Method of body conditioning is a highly effective workout technique that strengthens the body while engaging the mind!
: just walked in the room.
It just got real in here!
LiveFromTheBarrel I'm so real.
And so dubstep.
you is important haha ;
My 20,000th tweet was about being a flagget.
Am I cool yet?

Strange request, but think you could take a photo of the Library Pub/Bar from Pub Stop for me?
Can DM you my email to send.
Lmfao we are literally horrible.
I may be high as fuck....but....isn't kobe supposed 2 take that shot?...or Bynun  least?...or Pau....did I imagine it was it Steve Blake
Agreed!
MT : Everyone should.
: Nonprofessort peeps should go to SXSWi panels they wouldn't normally go to.
it's the new black
Thing about most people, they all screw you over in the end.
I wish to do something great and wonderful, but I must start by doing the little things like they were great and wonderful  Albert Einstein
The author curiously thinks there is no politics in academia?!
It is like a sitcom, but with ugly people.
founder of the Treavor Project has a YA anti bullying fiction story called Treavor
Makes what Zito did even more impressive
it's like school pictures where they'd never let you smile how you wanted so you end up hating the pic.
Finally getting the library all together.
Book displays, bulletin boards, books, posters, yay!!
Fun times with awesome library helpers :
Off to see Avengers in 3D to help me forget about the stupid Mets and their stupid closer.
booked his flight and hotel and is officially going to the Rose Bowl!
I think that's it...
36 secondsGZA haha yes.
Username: Password: Remember Me Create Account IJ Login ...
bout time!
Geez..
RT Anybody know where da APS building iz uptown??
On Uptown rd  indian school w /across from bus station thing lol
Hello Pottermore, it is so great to meet you!
I hate sushi.
yes please visit!
: 
Going to see The Devil Inside.
I'm ready to piss myself lmfao with Lydia and Tommy
RT : Hi , I just found you  will request a beta.
Here's how I'm building my SelfPublishing team:...
Up early  I'm back at itStalley
And thank you for your support!
RT : Thank you for a lovely evening  delicious meal!
3
Bahaha.
Can't wait to take a look when I sit down later tonight.
She loves me, she loves me not, she loves me, she loves me not.
She loves me!
The Andoctorid app, with it's flawless function and media is model for others to follow.
reading these tweets just gave me a panic that it's Monday not Sunday.
Ack!
been there, felt that  got the tshirt to prove it..
lol i feel you pain bro.
Ima DM you my number
Good Morning TMDers...the Spurs wax the Jazz, the rest of the NBA playoffs, Junior Seau and more coming up on The Morning doctorve
Yess im baq tweeps its been a while but the tour was a while.
So wyd
I can totally relate.
; : ThingsIGetAlot Maddie before I knew you I thought you were a bitch.
But now I freakin love you!
CAN'T WAIT TO C JACKSON MEMORIAL
Wine tasting flatiron 920 broadway street.
Today at 230
RT : my BB is acting weird again, email will be the best way to reach me
any chance they can go ahead and get Herstreit and Musburger fired for explicit OSU homerism.
Yes....
I'm still waiting for the m.ciddy footage.
Any idea when that's doctorpping?
Bookslingers!
I love me some Morrison as much as anyone, but the postNobel period is ripe with stinkers.
Is the new one worth it?
so good!
And it was with the manager of the store, she's super chill and hilarious!
So it was awesome!!
holy poop!
ah.
AH!
Iconic, muchloved Central Liquor sign has vanished from F Street.
What happened?
Content is what I do.
Can't have thought leadership without putting your thoughts out there for review says
That moment when hard work finally pays off :
Baby, you don't know you're beautiful3
Omg!
tweeted right after i got his ringtone!
Talk about creepy.
neversaynever  :ICameToWin:
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
6232554088 ext1 mst ask for Dean what can we help you with, or teach you to help yourself?
Hey Teachers!
Come get tons of free teaching resources from museums who love you 4 pm, Hilton Trianon ballroom 3rd floor!
If we're going to reduce the cost of healthcare, treating vascular disease early is one way to do it.
doctorWong
Wonderful time at Blogs with Ballskeep eyes peeled on GQ blog for photos of Laura and Erica!
I mean I'm not having any coffee.
Blech!
Awe, forget what I said then I still got it for ya.
3
Let's make love and listen to Death from Above
Loved the ambiance and the fantastic paella!
Thanks
: will be speaking on the panel at the Coverings2012 Trade Show today!
I hear the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near you.
Then you shall ordain Aaron and his sons.
Bring the bull to the front of the tent of meeting, and Aaron and his sons shall lay their...
30 minutes to AF game with 95 posted so far with consensus on Toledo  over so far with more posts to come
Haha I need off sometimes so I can get that broll as needed!
Plus thank you for the bday wishes!
Phil Steele Day  Christmas in the summer.
RT: Only one more month of this out of date 2011 Phil Steele magazine taunting me.
no, we have to save seats in the van!
It's a must.
Are you tenacious?
A Minute with Maxwell Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
; you know it!
Right!
RT: i can't wait to get out of ben davis.
Robert Moreno, Sr.
is speaking.
So is future Republican CA Governor Meg Whitman and CA Ins.
Commissioner Steve Poizner.
My favorites
How does network time as bursts sustain the public?
The question of what constitutes a public has now become a question of when.

I think I'm getting the hang of it, and it's pretty awesome Have fun on your upcoming adventures!
definitely great conversation in the class and over dinner!
I'm the youngest person in my French class and the professorssor is letting everyone know.
Elle est la plus jeune!!
This is embarrassing.
library til I pass out 
Any day I have a job and can make some money is a GREAT day to me!
send me some of your tunes, musicman.
Maxwell: more people engaged in multiple paths of research from open data and OA mean quicker commercialization
I don't like that beer Stop using this excuse
ha!
Ill always be one in my heart!
Doggie playdate and short run with this morning!
Not sure who is more worn out, me or the dog!
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be rising from the ground.
Like a ScyScraper.
: A LITTLE BOY CALLED ME A WEIRDO...Well hes not kinda rong?
it's gona be legendary :
quitefunny headline in automat: Poor Bret Easton Ellis Laments the Cliquey Publishing Scene...in The Paris Review
What do you think of Herman Cain: 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate?
Sick of being ignored tbf
We are now accepting vehicle donations through VDac.
Very exciting!
www.vdac.com
haha sure;P
bad roads in SW too as I was returning from
Exellent.
I'm doing a couple other summer trips, so July looks best on my end...
looking forward to a getaway.
Ahahahaha Muahahahahaha TimUrban my arch nemesis goes home!
Just as I was starting to enjoy his awkwardly awful performances.
Allie did the same thing last night!
not cool, I know my twitter and IG wouldn't be the as good without you..
And I don't even know you :
Congrats to , T.
Kail /cast  crew of Magic/ Bird opens ton.
on broadway.
Magic  Bird on red carpet interviews on ESPN
are you guys getting married yet
: Why do you hate that song, if i may ask?
Happy New Year everyone!
WHEN KEEPIN IT REAL GOES WRONG.....DAMN I WISH DAVE CHAPELLE WAS STILL ON THIS VIDEO WOULD HAVE BEEN A PARODY
when did you enter?
I've read online that if you wait until the final deadline it takes longer.
It IS.
And also not a surprise ;
CJ Sapong will score..when he comes in.
Ocean race accidents stun sailors as probe deepens
Thank you for the FF!
is it weird that i like Tom Cruise's acting more now that he's a bit looney??
you know you secretly love him too!
Been busy with rewrites.
Just heard.
RIP Blake Snyder.
Just set up an eBay account with proceeds going to St.
Lucia and Dominica :D Retweet me!
what it do unc...Seahorse said what up?
U know his old ass dont know how to work this twitter shit lol
that Macbook Air item is from 2008.
The avengers Dbox in 3D for 10 yeah,?
Heck yes I'll go!
Just found out that Travel Channel is reairing Mud People tonight!!!
Show your love again tonight at 11PM EST, 10PM CST, 9PM MST, 8PM PST!
'katie if you were black , you'd look like Rihanna' you would .
16 more hours till I go to NY
Unfortunately, most of these music videos don't go with the songs.
:
thanks!
Weather is so nice
Hello hello baby
It's over.
My tweeting thumb hurts.
Now time for the 45minute parking lot battle royale...
I've been on a S.
Maharba kick lately, and that's where I grabbed the music.
The animated gif looks like it's a loop from a Mlis film.
is still in shock about being assumed to be somewhat older than he is...test ifttt
Was briefed by Sec Donovan on mortgage settlement stabilizing market  delivering 790 mil 2 NYers
I love being home in my own apartment, I love this living room
thank you Stoudemire for missing the shot 
Hey peeps going to our room/studio to Jam!
If your interested!
Hmu
Financial Aid Info Session for Study Abroad at 11 am in Talley 1202!!!!
See you there!!!!
i know believe me i wish i could go but i gotta run shit at rosatis haha
Delight yourself in the Lord and He'll give you the desires of your heart.
Bible
Well the only two acts I was hoping to go on just got the boot on AGT Guess no reason to watch after Stevie Nicks performs now
This will be a great series, wouldn't be surprised if this one went 8 games lol
I wish bestfriends were like money for u can take them and check which one is real and which ones r fake..:T
The RedSox are killing me.
I love them, but COME ON!!
Play baseball correctly
1 out of 2 americans live below the poverty line...still staggering!
boom.
Also, hover effect to make it easier to scan.
I bad mouthed Raphael a while ago, but it worked on the first try, simple.
omg, let me know when you do!
WE ARE HANGING OUT!!!
.
prods and their brands can change/evolve  should, as long as all stakeholders feel part of decision
I hate writing summaries in Spanish class!
Finna go to sleep
Alright wwf I need you to stop giving me butthole letters
Great session tonight for !
but, how much of a different skillset do cakes and cupcakes require?
I have suffered a great many catastrophes in my life ...most of which never happened.
Mark Twain
Wearing yoga pants while cleaning...
where do I put my iPod?
Do I possibly need to invest in a fanny pack?
Its okay: Lol i just felt like sharing that:PP  i miss you!
3 Bombs and 6 Riverwest Pitchers today at Libby's Lounge!
1682 N Van Buren
crowd is a whore.
She's with you when you're up, booes and derides you when you're down.
Whitney the bodyguard
CAUSE I'M RIGHT DAWN!!!
ADMIT IT!!!
YOU BELONG WITH HIM!!!
Thanks so much for the RT!!!
We going to Ohio University: What's doing tomorrow night!?
That hat trick attempt by Messi was absolutely sick, almost slow motion
you can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't wipe your friends off on your saddle.
True.
I did and that's all that matters : I left you three on Facebook : didya see?
Love you boo
IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone that supports local businesses!
You guys rock!
Mascot fans: How many years has the Challenge been going on?
when are we going to the park
that could work ;
the first person to ask me if i'm ok today is going to get punched in the face.
Welcome to MastersPOV E.
Gustavo!
Glad to have you join us :
thinking in terms of US  new media activism since video  various embraces of tech  organizing impulses 4 street actions
you may want to call the 11th Street Station and asked for Homer at 5123912331.
Thanks.
Wishing you'd come over my place...after while..
Solid breakfast with
At , wearing a tee, doctornking a Sculpin.
I love San Diego.
Oh im sure its the food in chafing dishes that's luring you.
That always rocks.
Glad to hear that the President of my country thinks I should be able to get married.
Now, let's see the laws change.
Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment.
Heywood Hale Broun
This: Where all these Heat fans come from tho...I honestly respect Celtics but u Heat niggas are the definition of dick riding
I'll be down for a game!
Considering I didn't even know what usmnt meant.
I could use a lesson
haha wow this is not where I expected this conversation to be going
RT : RT : I don't know which is yummier, the sushi or the boys from
follow back?
D
twogenerationsgap more about not making a song in 30 years
Now you listen here, I'm goin in that there pit ya hear.
Stop assuming u know a persons life thru their tweets!
you aren't following.
Today from KISS joins as well as to talk about being the Blazers rep at the doctorft lottery!
RT : Big Momma aint get her foot cut off for this RT : I want some of those Birthday Cake Oreos.
Hm I think the real question is given the relatively small amount of cash they've dedicated to payouts, what will they do w/the rest?
Totally thought today would never end .
wonder what else is in store for me tn..hmm
Single by choice, not by chance.
In the eyes of God, I am his testament!
Gn Twitter and FB friends/fans!!
Almost have enough to buy my ChachiMommas , can't wait!
:D
naa let him sleep I'll go with you :
In life u want somebody not anybody but
Really interested to hear and Have some mutual connections at their respective companies.
This lesbo is now looking up Scruff and Grindoctor I have no idea what they are?
A boy site, right?
agree agree agree!
Can't wait for a better shot of her.
Unlike that heart the mind cannot show love.
I feel deprived...I never learned anything about fuse or circuit breaker time curves...
Ryder's Suffering: Is Cena to Blame?
: I be headed to YoungRoyalville Really tho?
Might stop by.
It's senior skip day there's no reason for me to be here
Fuck the haters.
man!
YOU RULE.
Now that's how you wear a tie...
if you have to wear a tie.
aww, such a pleasure meeting you too!
My personal 
I would like to see if the new bigs can play
Looking for cheap flights to SF next week on short notice.
Tried the usual sites.
Anyone have any ideas?
for now yes.
We won't mind if you ditch your plans to dance with us.
:
Can anyone please enlighten me about ball licking and puppy humping?
Fuck you Marlins Park traffic
Yeah, i don't really want to go there to see Demi anyway.
So yeah.
someone needs to announce summer dates!
First time all day I'm not greeting/visiting with wedding guests as they arrive.
Kinda weird to be alone!
No problem feel free to follow me for expat related news and tips
Would like to have you guys onboard.
Let us know if we can help with anything or give you more information.
Haha thanks!
This class was easily my MOST difficult so far.
are you going?!
Hell yeah!
Get ready for things to get crazy tonight!!!
RT :  at tonight!!
I will email you to discuss the bills.
Needs more than a 148 character explanation.
He certainly is!
We're pleased to have his work!
The L'Oreal commercial/product that mispronounces the word Sublime has incited a rage in me.
Subleeem?
Really?
Why?
What?
Open Mic Tonight  Texas Mist on 183
Snow....not cool
wait...
Is that the cottages?
Ps lets blade back in Northwood hills haha
thinking of you and praying you are all well.
Have a great week!
Good times!
From one BOSS to another
Find the best AfricanAmerican nightclubs  restaurants  Download InSpotter app FREE
They re gonna get the Lakers in game 7 too...Because Artest will try and prove a point and trick off game 7 along with Bynum!
I just beat Shao Kahn in story mode.
brushes dirt off shoulder .
It ain't nobody fault but mine nobody's but mine
This is my first talknt.
What is sew and share?
Happy Birthday to best guy I've ever known.
Ditto!
RT : A big congrats to everyone who particpated in the Marathon yesterday.
Your hard work paid off!
enjoying Cinco de Mayo Lower School
I have a new found love for baseball.
and I are going to go crazy next season when were roomies!!
:
Why can't things be different?
Looking forward to try your Thai Mango Salad.
Sounds Delicious!
whoa this is crazy
Pay attention.
Gov O'Malley talking offshore wind, jobs, and a healthier Maryland in committee hearing.
YOU DO NOT!
Please sell it to my mom down the street at Blue Moon Antiques!
Like bitch, stop telling people that they should love everyone and then go attack people you don't like cause you're insecure.
You forgot teaparty.
We need an Innovator and Entrepreneur political party.
// RT : Where is the Jobs focus?
I can stream perfectly on my PS3 as well as watch my bluray movies.
Are you still holding onto you HDDVD's :
hope to meet you one day, such a fan !
I think you are perezious ;
Learn ur craft and attempt to perfect it...
There is no such thing as perfection, but at least u can come close.
k next time u go, u must take me too!
I want it all the time, but NO ONE will ever eat there with me!!!
For 15, today's deal gets you the Hydoctors Bottle, a reusable filtered water bottle 700 ml BPA free water bottle is durable
NEW SHYT IS THAT SHIT WEED NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM TOO misterLIVE
true!!
Did u ever go to the ball park in castalia??
yep I heard ;
Looks like my 49ers are going all in, I'm proud of them.
Time for another dynasty
crack : crackhead :: iTunes gift card : Erica Bolton
That White Mink Coat was a ShowStopper Da Truth
ICanHonestlySay life is good.
Honestly.
Hi just found your site  we will use the coldwar tag more often, this month we are tweeting LBJ's trip to Berlin in '61
Also, I thought you were joking abt Pinterest a few weeks ago; hadn't realized how many museums are using it!
call me tomorroww boo3 can't wait to hearr !
love that you're tweeting about  's SMPP!
Thank you for getting the word out to Boston area students!
May you use cable12 instead of TheCableShow ?
Thank you!
Just had two people in 10 minutes tell me they love that I'm wearing a shirt with Shredder from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on it.
Life is unexplainable and every moment is a lesson so just LiveForNow and worry later.
You are right on.
First do no harm, and then do the best you can to help people heal.
Thanks for your message.
Car service: If it aint broke, well break it
I don't understand why I am at home alone right now?
Like, where is everyone?
what's ur username?
doctormmond is bad post player right now.
Low release point.
Bad FT shooter.
Doesn't know how to his body yet.
Who wants free protein  Max Muscle ABQ
I think should send me one of those orange beards
Douchebag Yankees fans..
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 6
I wonder how long it took Luke Scott to get to OPACY with his horse and buggy...
I'm At Fillmore East with the Allmans.
Would have been a helluva checkin back in '71.
of course!
School could suck my balls right now .
thinking today's time lapse shots will include: Alki  day, view from the Columbia Tower, Cap Hill at night
awesome....u deserve it
woo woo woo
Windows down..
on rt.
60.....
cold ass ride
Ah, okay!
Not by a comp anymore but will tomorrow.
Thanks!!
Keep up the hard work!
Let me know who wins BedlamBaseball ...looking forward to checking out your YouTube Channel :
Just stood on my bed and hit the John Travolta cause the fakers lost lmao
ireallywant to get my tattoos already
One of my favorite kinds of confusion: Hearing a plane in the sky, then looking up  seeing a bird soar by where I expected the plane to be.
what is our toilet doing?
eating cookies intended for the angry super downstairs...sorry francisco for my irish hippy of a roomate!
Friday, Friday gotta get down on Friday.
Everybody looking forward to the weekend, weekend.
thanks for the follow check my music
schoolmemories we were friends!!
:P
ATT: designers and type people  PULEEZE read this about using smart punctuation on your web sites and blogs.
Feel free to RT and...
This My Day , Legooo !
Do you speak up for the weak, gossip about them, or mind your business?
Sorry, I couldn't make the SDProNet meeting today.
Merry, merry, merry Christmas!
Now that my studio is clean, perhaps I will get some work done this week!
:
It's amazing the lengths I'll go just to avoid human interaction...
My apartment smells like shit.
Fat shit.
I heard it was supposed to be 80 in Orem today.
Jealous!
Series taping is underway.
Debut episode coming in March.
Super excited!!
ah cheers!
Today is a bittersweet day.
As I begin a new chapter in life.
My uncle completed the last chapter in his life.
'The devil told me to put tequila in my spaghetti.'
You too DT!
Ah, I love badass vampires that just embrace that inner animal, instead of despising, or being afraid of it.
3
well I got off work at midnight and watched some tv and ate dinner and cried about my phone ...didn't get tired till 6!
no kidding.
is in Gulf Shores.
Did you guys go anywhere?
Valentines beats...
NowPlaying Bloodhound Gang  The Bad Touch on
Being sick is no fun, it cause an increase in tv watching.
The Firm has two cylons as lawyers
only thing better then waking up, is the music you get to hear after...
When I get in the tub I don't no how to get out
looking fresh!
Can't wait to get the htc thunderbolt!
new phone
Divinity is ...comprehensible as Truth, Beauty, and Goodness!
There is nothing like playing an amphitheater when there is 13 people in there.
That made my whole week!
Discover Links Using Google Analytics New Backlink URL Report
Wanna get me some nomnoms?
And she got a ben stiller pun!
this is love!
This week is kind of jammed for me, but I'd be game to make a plan for the week after...
depends on if you cup the balls or not duh
Times change; people don't.
Judy Blume
Thanks for the lovely compliment, !
We are excited to move on your logo and very much appreciate you pushing the new website!
ADV ENG I: If you were absent today your Unit Test  Romanticism will be in your PREP.
If you would rather take afterschool let me know.
why is red hair so sexy .
i love my hair
Pulling an all nighter 3D scanning whale fossils in Chile!
Have you traveled around the suburbs out there?
Portland
Outstanding!
RT : Le reve!
And il mito!
RT : Hey Wauwatosa!
Tell us your favorite restaurants!
Imagine waking up to Harry tracing his fingers up and down your spine, making you shiver.
I still am lol
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Awe!!!
Happy Birthday Blake!
maybe he was flattered.
I'll never know.
I was flattered he even walked by my house.
I didn't realize we were arguing.
Rather, sharing perspectives.
Doing all things prom with Seventeen.
Wasn't I just that age?
Weird!
Ditto: No sleep
Damn my G!
thats crazy
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
We aim to please!
I'm excited beyond words to have you onboard for the launch!
One Direction Patriots Center.
:
oh....
shit....
I LOVE YOU JENNY.
RT : for the record, I'm not offended by politics.
only slightly offended by pretending politics isn't where it clearly is.
lol ok c:
I think is well on its way to becoming a methadone clinic...
Sara PEte  Nicole Pike  awesomeness beyond measure.
Thanks ladies for thinking of us and showing your love!!
Shot a living poster today with the 5D!!!!!
thinkin I might use the Mark IV next time!!!!!!!!!!
I just heard the WORST news ever T.T
I love all these very specific databases that UMinn has  traveler accounts, ISO databases  lots of cool data
TONS of SPECIALS TODAY Anyone who signs up for ANY MEMBERSHIP today gets to tan in the next level up for one month FREE!
: when I come back from Chicago get the bRos we out on a bromantic date Wid it I'll tell Will that mamaguevo!
getting better every day.
Hope you are too :
SO many PRs in the NYCHalf today!
Well done runners well done!!
so the answer is: no, we are not doing all that we can.
in my opinion, we are not even trying that hard!
Ah Janet's working on a new album!!!
looks fantastic!!
What fun!!
Pinedas got a fuckin torn labrum really season ending surgery really
would be into playing THE FEST if they'd have us again, and the timing all came together.
Hey everyone check out !!
Buy their strings!
We support them and so should you!
Dead that shit was funny.
I can hear him say that shit
First and last time you will ever read that headline: Cavs win behind Harangody's doubledouble
stopped by Audobon School's June Jam
only because I play with them on FIFA lol.
I won't really care.
Man u is my team but they're out
We honor your patronage, in our price  most importantly in our service, oh yeah,  how bout them PACKERS!!
CelebsThatShouldoctornForPresident because he's BASED and he can fuck all of our bitches.
Those chill nights when my mom forces me to stay in are always better than i think they'll be.
Always interesting stuff!
RT  It's Colorado History Tuesday!
I've got some good ones today!
Proud to be a gangster, blessed to be a street nigga fucc being famous!!
Tell us about the best presentation you have ever given!
What did you do to make it so great?
Awww.
RT : Main Street in , because it's where he proposed!
Q2.
Favorite 'main street' in U.S.?
Why?
You're welcome!
RT : Want to thank for sending me some awesome swag.
You rock brotha!
wiz khalifa older songs went harder than his songs now...
Just got my Master's!
Hands up, like a touchdown...
My friend just said twitter is a waste of life .
Ray Allen is hurting
I'd recommend the Green Goddess Monday's always a tricky dining day.
How do you think Paleo worked for you for the race?
Just left Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon where our good friend Elmo will be a guest on the show tonight.
Hilarious segment so be sure 2 tune in!
Any recommendations on a festival or fair that would have people interested in a psychedelic anointing oil used in ancient religion?
Socks began when peasants rubbed their feet in suet and stuck straw to them, these were known as strawkings.
It's okay!!
I love you too: We'll miss ya!!
try words with friends its addicting.
doctorke transfer Rayvonte Rice is headed to Illinois according to multiple sources.
Our speaker today is Michael Powell from Powell's Books talking about the future of books.
RT Be a Minimalist.
It's the least you can do.
RT
Try this bitch, just like mom use to make 
Life isn't about getting more.
It's about BECOMING more.
Tony Robbins
To the truck spewing gravel on 5S that cracked my windsheild: thnx a lot, can't wait for my claim 2 b denied!
cc:
Cuddling time seriously
are you there at the parade, Brian?
ah!
i miss you too!
hopefully coming back to dance soon!
Just wrapped my shoot for March amazing as always.
Shots are spectacular!
seriously!?
I live in studio city!
Glad I know that now.
The Arnold movie?
I don't think I've ever seen the whole thing.
If so, it was a very long time ago.
There will almost definitely be more stjbb prospects playing at iS8 this weekend.
Just waiting to hear who they're playing for.
Today is someone's birthday!
Dancers are rehearsing for the Lula Washington Dance Theatre show tonight.
Tickets are still available and we hope you won't miss it!
I sure will!
I'm going to need an outside member for my dissertation
Beauty Call LA is going to help you get the summer started with an 8 eyebrow wax and a 20 Brazilian!!!!
CALL 3107709177 !
See you soon !!
: I hope you choke to death on Tebow's manparts RT ARodg lost at home in div.
round by 17.
Blow to legacy.
HA
You are a natural in front of the camera!
Will you come dust our house too?
But you should.
Hope  I will be seeing you on 5/11 at Lenox Lounge for Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison.
no you don't...
You just hate when I win!
thanks, Amy!
Hope you  Snoop have a great weekend.
Love watching students faces when they're taking tests.
Such concentration  intensity!
Congrats to the DUCKS  the BEAVERS for their wins this weekend!!
Now when will we get to see the BLAZERS play!?
We're waiting..
and thanks : I'll look into that
hahah the princess ones!
Well...
I had help but they were scrumptious!
Happy 2011!
Thank you to the talented artists and gracious publishers with whom we worked this year
I know!
Pick a date you can metro to ballston and I will pick you up.
It is that good.
lol it's Pretty crazy lol
i got another joke about you...lmaoooo
Show just wear that low cut number like the white doctorss from wedding I have that photo luv ur
This is gonna sound awful but what do homeless ppl need a cup of coffee for?
They need to be awake  energized for something?
Thx Andoctorw!
We're very, very excited.
Counting down the days/milliseconds, actually.
See you soon ;
A1 ..
to effectively assimilate trends, our customers are thinking X requires knowledge management, aggregating across agents ..
Whoa!
Skycam vertigo.
And B.I.
said King remind yourself...
nobody built like you...
you designed yourself.
Martinez move could put decision on Green redevelopment off until 4/26
your picture is phenomenal.
Want on poster.
I don't want 1D to fucking follow me .
that's kinda the point of my status!
I bet I can throw a rock at you
Hate how my mom makes me go to the store with her when she already has 7 cases of water at home
Hold it down for the Bay, reppin' OAKLAND!
Finally Done planting her flowers .
cool, thanks!
Have a fun  safe NYE celebration tonight!
:
there is no telling how it's going to be but I am so excited for sept to see it all!!
Busted right after dinner break.
Ah10s on a A74 all spades flop vs AA and red queens.
No spade.
Shitty tournament!
Even tho I sale rocks it fells good putting money in yo mail box
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER...
at KLUSOZ
nah, just Friday
Wilson simply cannot miss.
He has now hit 6 three pointers, 22 pts overall for the senior.
So excited to purchase a original painting!
If you're in Birmingham this weekend, check out her work at Lynn Park.
finally got the smell of dead baby pigs off of my hands 
RT : Mothersday is coming up!
For witty take on the mother role, check out video from HENNY ON THE COUCH author...
OK, after listening to Madonna's new album MDNA on Spotify 3 times, I might actually like it.
: goodnight, hopefully tomorrow will be better!
I love darts!
RE the UW screwjob last night.
NO explanation in arena.
Huge breakdown in the relationship between the customer and the team/league, IMO
Congrats!
That is great news and welldeserved.
It's about time anyway.........
Ain't it the truth?
RT : Sign of the times: Today the phrase you're all thumbs just means your very fast at mobile typing.
so i found out yesterday im not seeing on june 1st.
pretty freaking upset.
oh well.
i'll meet you someday 3
what email do you want me to use?
I will add you to my invitation list
Chicks that talk like they excellent n bed,  don't be bout shit 
it's basically a combination of jesus and jesus i love this fanbase.
Good luck to everyone starting AAU this weekend, make the most of it!
A belated thanks for the FollowFriday mention!
:
oomf dm me asking to be my twubby umm thanks but no thanks but I am currently taken applications haha jk only taking apps for besties sry
Thanks for the shoutout!
LiesBeforeSex Of Course I Love You!
you're your own problem.
but you're also your own solution.
Fortunately for print media, reading the AP news wire stories they publish doesn't work well for TV comedy.
Wow watchin my sister beat up my bro haha the men that america makes lol
So all you IU fans....
Are you even watching the pacer game tonight?
Or know who they are??
LMAO..
Happy palm Sunday!
Ill be getting my palms at the beach 3
Hey!
Have a great day!
haha yeah!
Home run!
Awesome video!
I hope it went well for you out there with the race.
Enjoy your time in the islands.
We've gotten about 15,000 new fans lately thanks to Caine's Arcade.
Welcome, everybody!
Care to introduce yourselves?
Dear where did my direct messages go?
Thanks for the mentions and retweets everyone!
TheReasoniWillSucceed is because i have focus and a mind set.
:
George, are u satisfied with JoePa determining when he leaves?
I say he MUST LEAVE now
Same here, seems like its getting worse and worse to use :
Courage is of no value unless accompanied by justice; yet if all men became just, there would be no need for courage.
Agesilaus the Second
whoa girl!
You're going through your prepre quarter life crisis!
J/k :
U claim ur a bad btch; yet u have no house/car/job..
ur not a bad btch.
ur doing bad, Btch!
There's a difference.
Hope inspires u 2change
Tacos, margaritas, and The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
Really liked Trent Reznor's cover of Immigrant Song at the start.
EST.
RT : Thanks for listening!
Tune in again at 9pm when we'll reair Jaime's Face the Music Tour show!
nkairplayradio.com
these chicks are an embarrassment to all classy women everywhere!
Hey Champagne  Chickenheadz!
shows off all the new content in  lots of cool new journals from over 200 publishers.
Thank the lord, I passed Econ.
Thanks for the shout out!
we are here to assist!
: 
Totally did a backhand spring layout step out, a front flip and all my dance on the balance beam tonight!!
It's been 7 years
will send my people to cut marios yard twice a week so he can stay..
I hate Shane Doan.
I hate everything about this year's playoffs, including rooting for the Rangers and Kings.
Cleaning up from the flood?
We know it's hard work!
Give yourself a break  take 20 of any Massage, Manicure or Pedicure today only!
Facebook switches all pages to Timeline tomorrow...is your brand ready?
What steps have you taken to prepare?
I love making people laugh !!
It's who you are and who you strive to be that defines you
and it's GRAPE scented!!
Lol I love to look at the clothes my mom thought were cool in the 70s.
Does Education need a Howard Beale to say he's as mad as hell  not going to take it anymore ?
Time 2 get eLearning woven into our culture.
How did I miss this all day...excuse to eat Reese's Peanut Butter cups and the like
If for nothing else, McCain will spend centuries in purgatory for visiting this plague on the world; sadly, a willing world.
nothin like a good pair of booties...
on a cold spring morning!!!
Need a legal document served to a Registered Agent in Chihuahua, Mexico.....CALL US!!!
8775275737
Back to the West coast tomorrow!

Stop tweet watching SO I KNOW ITS REAL!
Lmfao that video is hilarious lmao
I really hate when a woman aint self sufficient....
a man don't owe u anything, take care of ur household...
oh I am so sorry.
Wish we lived closer I would help you
love you too
500k kids in Haiti can't go back to school.
Join me  and donate RT
he actually came to one of my classes once.
funny guy.
Great tonight and tomorrow at 73.
80s for thurssat with spotty storms.
RT what's the cabin forecast?
I think I washed my hair 3 times....wtf
Pouring wine for dear friends from at la comedy shorts festival...
Huge hit!!
In love with life.
Day after day I need to tell myself to be consciously grateful.
reminds me too.
If you know me you know that i rarely give up on anything.
I fight for what i want and I succeed.....for once...I'm tired of fighting
Seeing avengers again!!
This time in 3D
N da bull will be active against ma man!
: DJ Kennedy to the Cavs...
now two Schenley alumni in the NBA
that is very polite!
No such qualms here...there is a stampede when an email goes round announcing the arrival of cake.
I'm trying.
I'm moving so slow this morning, I might as well be going backwards.
home with my Fanny...
maybe so but phillies 140 was a fucking steal.
If U think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Derek Bok
Watch Last Man Standing Se1 Ep24 Found Money
Fiction 20 Down baby!
Law and Order  Cut the grass
Id do anything to meet my Channing Tatum Good Lord!!
Working on Web2Print
Did the Lakers just lose another road game to a whack team?!
You have got to be kidding me.
I really think there's nothing better than Twitter  Facebook photos of your mother having fun.
I love them all.
many things  still play games with kids  tennis, dance, vball, frisbee, crawling around the house, playing with my baby
Lowes is the best price, built a whole system there for less then 600
Someone take me out of this class 
: practice by doctorke Practice it is then
hope all is well.
I'm hoping I can make the audition for background on Monday.
God bless.
Wish me luck;
They say the first step to recovery is to admit you have a problem, here goes....
Yes I am just got back
Had the privilege of speaking at my son's high school FBLA meeting today.
Always happy to volunteer time supporting the next gen of leaders.
I hear watching packers helps gmat scores
re: I thought that was odd too.
Who cares if the misspelled something?
You know what she meant.
How do you feel doctor King would want us to celebrate his national holiday?
My Weekend Gonna Be Fun
Lunchtime is around the bend  come join me for BarWorks
I got everything figured out!
Thanks tho.
Phil gave me pro version so I'm sure I'll have more questions later.
Im way into Pyro!
I cannot make decisions Quote from my boss
OK looked at the sufganiyot pics  those look amazing!!
see u in an hour and a half.
Try to get some sleep!
Happy Friday T!
Thanks for the retweet!
Being 30 really makes the reality of not having fulfilled my doctorams yet HAUNT me.
Thanks for the heartache USC.
Fight on!
you say yes, i say fuck off get a life 3
running out of room to put all my shoes
Joe Pa
There aren't any really good alternatives?
Make your own guacamole bar and fried green tomatoes for dinner sxswi journalist party!
Here comes the rain again.
Falling on my head like a memory.
Falling on my head like a new emotion.
he's at home this voyage!
So I'm having to fill his shoes and keep the spa in business ; Sacrifices.
I look great with an haircut
That is sweet.
You made the right decision.
If you ask your mom and I ask mine aha
It's not what goes in your mouth that defines u; its the words that come OUT
Good morning!
Quick question for today: What is everyone's favorite kind of art?
Listening To Music Choice!
Sick sesh at Trevor Selby's today.
Back in SD about to sesh big with Tommy D.
How about some wax dabs to start with!!!
What's your SXSW2012 adventure?
Good Night 3
: Those people that think they're the shit and think they're better than others, LOL bitch please 50  of my school
I wish i was paperview tonite i would b paid lol
RT RT I Am Now following them i like they style they sound good!!
:
I purchased at Costco be4 but they were too big, I bought at Target, they are in the vitamin section.
idk what the hell I was thinking lol
thanks for the message!
use my personal code SPRINGLOU to learn more about us...1 year free membership
Short run, I'd pick 1, Long run, I'd pick 2.
wasup bro.
got a fya hook for u to make a beat over .
imma come threw to the studio sum time this wkend
Hahaha thanks.
I wish it was!
WHY IS THIS WEEK GOING BACK SO SLOW!?
I'm annoyed
or any other apple device would be just lovely.
One week until VDay!
I hope Cupid shoots an arrow your way!
Urlacher out for the season!?!?!
This sux...
Before spoke, dow down 300, after he speaks, down 500.
debt man walking in 2012.
keepthechange mister president
Ice Cream Truck:SONG Me:MOM THE ICE CREAM TRUCK!!!
Mom:Really?!
Me:YESS!!
CAN I GET SOME?!
: Mom: no.
Stamps are outrageously expensive 
Question that if PSU spent 340K on crisis communication that we should ask for our money back
WiseWordsToLiveBy : never trust a person who says anything for a brother.
what's going on?
I haven't worked out in over a week...
haha you and my dad could probably get along lolol : 
Navigating the awesome trying to find where I'm speaking!
Why is it okay to say what u really wanna say on twitter but when you say it on facebook ppl get offended and rubbed the wrong way?
Great premiere for Fat and Back at the Rivoli.
The Baltimore Ravens are 20 in pre season, people are feeling pretty good about that in Charm City!!
Kati from Zynga makes a great point about how web or mobile apps tech only amplify our experience of a real physical world
That's ok.
This new setup is hard to figure out.
LOL
Completely entertained by a ring on a necklace swinging over wrists haha.
I doctoramed that pilot Susan 313 an Roseanne's pilot Downwardly Mobile both got picked up.
Thanks for the reading!
Houston has so many fun places to hang out...where is your favorite hangout?
Really?
Business trip?
So grown up!
Clipper won!!!
Now they Play the spurs!
I don't usually trust Bronson but today I think he will do decent
ah thanks again man : I'm proud to be uncut!
;
in the outfeild.
The Silk Tie likes NJLawyers!
ties make the law sexy
and you know this!
It's now Oct.22 and we'll still here.
misterHarold Camping was wrong again.The fact that there are more false alarms tell me the fire is real.
nice hit me up if u wanna meet up
: Getting fucked up cause ain't nobody fucking with me on my level I CAN DIGG DAT
What would your ideal day consist of?
marquette out too?
there go two of my sweet 16 and my 3rd final.
the beer and the upsets are starting to look better
Both teams have too many fouls!
Let's clean it up  end the night on a high note.
Come on Florida State, Beat Cincy!
ignored me.
I see how it is
I could really get used to this whole 3 day weekend idea.
Wonder if 9news would be ok w me taking every Friday off
ya boiiii blast it out!
follow follow
RT: It's 4/14!
How will you be celebrating MKE Day today ?
by doctornking some great
Blended low res program for special forces in different parts of military/civilian array
I think it would be DACS compliant to skip the acronym altogether :
Haha!
Me too!
HOLY MARY MOTHER OF JESUS !
AND CHEESE !
I AM SO JALOUD OF THATS TV GUIDE WOMAN !
id faint !
O:
Don't be afraid to change your mind when conditions change.
Really wishing for a really good HD lens for Xmas.
Lol.
Built in wide angle too.
Maxing out on detail core matrix in P2 right now.
hi friend!
When are we going to see you in DC?
cc:
www.facebook.com/lastcallromance
Terminator X is a turntable god
Well folks we are going to be wrapping it up.
Hope you enjoyed the Grown  Sexy Slow Mix.
:nice day to you :
I think Olivia deserves the award for the best joke of the year.
Heading to my last Monday at with some pretty wonderful people.
Neat!
Will keep an eye out.
RT : I'll have a BBQ piece in this Sunday's Texas edition of the New York Times print copy.
With more than 1 billion local searches every month, this translates into a huge opportunity to attract new customers through the Internet!
So great to see the industry in action at HD Expo!
Having a great time in Vegas networking with old and new friends.
Double OT would be good for my fantasy team ;
you're welcome!!!!
3
ayooo get ready for the world premier FT husband or wife  remix..fire summer anthem ya me kite
Second show added for Daniel Tosh at Landmark Theater in Richmond at 9:30PM  tix on sale now!
THANKS!!
this is insane.
Better than  We're going down
I went shopping for yo god baby tonight where you told me to go and I cleaned up thanks boo lol!
huh, as of yesterday she was telling us all about it, so I assume all's well.
I like mapmyrun app too.
Tracks your run, tells you pace, time, distance  maps the run!
Enjoyed the CNNDebate tonight and watching Rick Santorum get owned.
Have a great trip!
Of course!
Thanks for sharing your GF baking inspiration!
: The eldest childoctorn in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings.
haha!
3.5 million dogs are euthanized every year.
Don't get your dog from a breeder  adopt  save a life!
Yea seriously, that and assigning jobs for your assassins
That would be amazing!
We should make that happen ;  Your solo was out of this world, by the way : 
and i saw build a bear has a cow build a bear!
D: i must get it.
loll
You Da Man!
is this the part where I rob you?
I hate Food Science, honestly I don't need it.
Good luck getting married Miss.
Marren.
Thanks, that's a fantastic thing to hear!
Just saw for the first time.
Reminded me why music is my heartbeat
Gig 'em AGGIES!!!
Goin to the national championship!!!
I've always loved womens basketball I swear
spendin money like it owes me money
woo hoo!
That just seemed fun to return: happy Monday !
Shake not Malt!
I have the most amazing mom
Good Morning Dallas Make it a good week!
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
I'm surprised that even after the extra wait, it's still a relatively small update.
Night ;D
Who!!!!
A nigga is figuring some shit out!!!
Now all i gotta do is make this shit fit format!
Another silent call..
We vote wine :
Oh the number of Twitter apps I've installed  deleted since yesterday.
What's your choice Twitter client for iP?
Hi, Ron from Southern Oregon.
Looking for some good ideas for using devices in the classroom.
The high is 70 today.
Nice job Cano
Just wanted to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I hope your day is very blessed!
Chances my left eye survives allergy season without turning me into a jinn: 40 and falling.
I bet Kanye would pay 100K to be next to himself!
RT I don't think we should wait until Kanye West dies to roll out Hologram Kanye
well lett me knoww which day you decide !
nothing happened 
And that's a wrap on the forest scenes for this month at least.
I think you should join the judges' panel!
You make a lot more sense!!
Love u Louis!!!
It looked good!
I know it's a comfort food but some ppl swim in all the cheese butter.
Sunburnt and Exhausted...
Mexico was a success.
Great Brewers victoryHey Cubs Fans...How are those Granny Smiths tasting right about now!
Anyone up for some camp?
I really really REALLY want to see DarkShadows ASAP!
jeansfittedlayered shirtshitty day
Starting a new relationship while holding onto feelings for an EX is basically cheating.
Don't play yourself!
It's FRIDAY!!
There's a baby boom at the bronx zoo!
So cute.
I'm done reading book working it and I'm offically ready for RPdoctorseason 5 so come on, cast me!
Robyn Banks is Ready!
Lol
Nothing is more frustrating than trying to pay CenturyLink.
I guess I have to find a physical bill to determine my account number.
Assholes.
Not the look.
He's got a camera in his hand.
Goodnight moon.
Turning in with a long day tomorrow, a weekend in Boston, two auditions, a gig, work, and rehearsal before Monday am.
PHEW
Marion graduation gone be so packed!
Attended the Brooklyn Real Estate Summit hosted by Green Pearl yesterday.
Brooklyn is hot!
Rents are up and new development is hot!
love your work!
There's a mockingbird outside on my balcony rail.
I'm going to kill it to be ironic.
Also just learned its spelled Betelgeuse and not Beetlejuice
we go from txtin to tweetin but i just enjoy talkin to my twizzler
it' already DONE!!!
Limitless possibilities.
Show them how it's done.
have a great rest of the day.
Sounds like a fresh quote from HowDowgielloGotHisGrooveBack RT : Goddamn I look fresh today
Weird to see Seth Smith in an A's uniform.
btw, I am a native 607
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR AMAZING :'D
Who is being racially professorled in the media?
Is it George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin?
If Austins heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life
If it applies to you, Happy New Year ;
I need a nap.
My little cousins are up to something.
Feeling good right now..
you were great in the 20/20 special on Islam!
who knew that when you gained fame in acting, it would help raise awareness for illnesses?!
Keep up great work!!
Its a party its a party its a party ayee....a wii party lol
greatest weekend of all time
very cute and summery!
:
RT Some people doctoram of having a big swimming pool.
With me, its closets.
Audoctory Hepburn
Friends, they will be there when they need you...
Not when you need them.
So Rick Santorium won the Iowa caucuses.
i want to eat your cupcakes.
Tell SonTard I said happy 8th birthday; I turned 13 on the 30th;
Looking around Feb.18 as of right now.
I have THREE prescriptions that are 43.00 WITH Insurance, the remaining eleven are 7.00 or less each.
Harmaceuticals need to be regulated
For the record Trayvon Martin's mom works for the Miami Dade housing authority and his dads a truck doctorver.
Can't read an entire tweet, can't view FB updates for all friends in a single feed, can't view either in full screen.
Grinding these days..double duty with my daughter Chrissy who is now competing playingup in Girls under 16 singles she is 14yrs.old.
If I lived in California, I would be going to every single show possible.
Being a couchpotato before I go to work blah!
Immaculate?
:O
Babe's home!
Now gym flow so maybe I can sneak a nap!
The show tonight starts at 7:00 PM!
If you need directions, ask!
Can't wait to see your pretty faces there!
And so, like a good but weak soldier, Komen has essentially destroyed itself: hardline leftists will never forgive it; hardline rightists w
u follow curt schilling?
Wtf
Priceless view of the past.
Thanks for Tweeting!
Happy Holidays from across the pond!
Next time decides to live tweet The Lion King and/or Aladdin, you must give me advance notice!
...I like chewing on two......peices of doublemint gum...
I'm really good at knowing when to bet fold and very bad at actually doing it.
I didn't have a coffee doctornk this entire day.
Hm, maybe that's why I have an incredible headache.
Lmfaooo RT : Richard Pryor hit them free throws like it was nothing
Demi Is Gorgeous Point Blank.
miller lite dodge!!!
He said I just do stuff for attention...
I just speak my mind.
Twitter is my fucking journal
Inserting political commentary in lieu of artistic talent is fun!
taught rdg to struggling 6th and 7th gr.....it was their fav research project every year.
Pepper tonight at SDSU  free for SDSU students.
What a deal.
my pleasure Pops!
So how was AAM2012, ?
Nobel laureate and environmentalist Wangari Maathai is laid to rest in Kenya
good luck!
So I guess I should come to town for the half marathon??????
I try to use it up in three weeks once I have opened up the bottle.
RT : Don't forget, the official hashtag for BlogWorld NY is
we're cuteq.
1 of my favs.
I read this to my son's flag fball team who lost in 2nd round of playoffs Fri.
We had a heck of a party tho!
Dead sleepy :
DiRT Showdown Demo OUT NOW
In a strangely good mood, considering I only have 24 hours to submit this term paper.
The end is near.
That awkward moment when your boyfriend retweets your brother.
Eww.
Big it up Canucks.
We are all behind you now.
Check out every single playoff game
Who is down to go swoop some flowers for our moms??
Lol
Good you are going into business best of luck.
still best timesnews rev dunk photo vs us my sr yr
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
fair use in the classroom: should we be braver?
I get to wear my warm LL Bean coat tonight!!
Won't get as much use as it did in the past, but I like it!!
I think i am starting to like cause he is going to be on CSI aAhhhhhhhhhh
dawhh!!
Your soo sweet!!
Your my fav love!!!
We must catch up!!
:
Hey if you in da city monday, stop by HOLLYWOOD IMPROV 4 sum MLK DAY laughs, i got you A table, OG BIG SPIKE
Loving this couple on propertybrothers James and I are both not feeling it but the brothers have vision.
Want them here, now.
Passion  This is the key to creating that propelling motion that doctorves us all to success.
Whether you have a
Klout has just informed that I am influential on the topic of lightning.
I also used to think klout was intentionally misspelled.
One of each in a cuddle puddle right now!
please and
What's in your officebeerfridge?
There's Samuel Adams in ours.
:/
found you!
Hope you enjoyed 
RT : Risk of autism US, as of 2008: 1 in 10,000.
Risk of death from ALL vaccine preventable diseases: 2 in 10,000...
are on the website?
Thanks for the follow.
If you guys are looking for a fitness expert, I'm your guy.
:
And lost Brandon Marshall  Don't forget that...
i am great too!
:D
no wayy :o yours is alley..beautiful girl ;
Yeah!!
The best month!
RT : it's our Birthday month!!!
Woot woot!
high five!
Life is simple, its just not easy
Socialize the losses, privatize the gains.
We watched Rugrats Go To Paris a couple of hours ago
Welcome to twitter Coach:
Working on my abstract for
Stoked for tonight's Tap Takeover Gonna try pairing Brrrbon w/ SPA's tasty chicken wings
Yes /but similarly, virtual presence  increased relevance MT hyperconnectednessvirtual reality want offline exp
that bed looks MIGHTY comfy!
ezra jack keats exhib at
If I wasnt fat I'd where dat body suit had on in the beezinthetrapvideo LMFAO...
Don't force 3s 
hope it happens man!!
I can't think of that yet haha don't wanna jinx it!
This is so intense!!
Let's go Lakers!!!
i'm pretty smashed, lost my job, so liquor  a good friend are keeping cool  some music  ps3  rambling......lol
Use your commission check to grow your business.
Randy Gage
We'd love to hang out!
The only time we're available is saturday evening for maybe a doctornk : April is so packed for us
just smashed a dope dinner at ma dukes palace
NES Financial is currently at 66th Annual Convention!
Did anyone else's house just shake?
6000 and 40 tweets ago I brought forth twitter to my black berry.
I tweeted and tweeted nonsense to hardly any followers.
Nothings changed.
yeah summer beauty,
It's starting to rain here.
Must be God crying for...well...God.
guess what larry has been holdin out on our class.
He gave the second session new information
been up early searching, writing and arranging!
no you weren't.
ways good
Big thanks to and Catherine for decorating my car while I was at work.
Remember when TigerWoods was popular?
...cheaters gon cheat
Bless U!
To my secret lover....no that wasnt directed to u....
lol
What is Angela from The Office doing in a Clairol hair product commercial?
Good for her image?
But still weird!
Mom was appalled when she found an excerpt from Justine was in a vampire compilation I had when I was 15.
But she let me read it...
OK.
That Brittney Griner dunk was pretty cool.
Sweet.
Might have just scored a kickass shirt for half off.
The thanks go to your awardwinning team for keeping spirits bright, stomachs full, and future flights assured!
Judge Ana Espana on Sweetwater TRO case: These are adults talking to each other.
It's distressing to hear these words from parent's mouths
Easy, Breezy, Cover Girl!!!!
Another great event tonite with , , , , , and !
I have a sick obsession with ice cream...
ah!
Showcase tonight.
Scared but excited.
I think it went well.
Thanks for asking!
I'll keep auditioning while I wait to find out.
:
Looking forward to seeing friends and colleagues at the RMSLA South meeting tonight to talk about the alignment.
WhatMakesYouBeautiful You're different from all the other girls.
announces that Jets punter has joined the Twitter world.
cause we get that w 1 down more to go we hungry
Interesting: Conundoctorms in the Collections nwaohc12.
I once found yellowcake, but never had someone show up with a grenade in his pocket.
Just getting ready for the Big Game tomorrow.
It's going to be an exciting evening with a DJ, music, pro basketball, celebrities and more!
It's times like these you learn to love again.
I non tried you
my phone is like messed up!
I texted you back.
You aint gotta be a dime but you gotta be a nine
He has every attribute of a dog except loyalty.
Thomas P.
Gore
hahaha I get that a lot
I'm telling U people; as nicely as I can n the correct genre of thought processing relative to Human history as an ongoing record; the Mafia
I got my HaleyWaley's back.
GUESS WHAT.
I'm working on a new beautiful something that will be for sale on Monday!
Maybe Sunday!
I've never performed in a circus
Tnight on 10 Late Edition on ABC5: Hundoctords of conservatives pick a new GOP frontrunner, plus it's a cold night
Den Honey KOkaine gets shot in the arm behind your shit talk?
YALL GOT THE OPPORTUNITIES PEOPLE DIE FOR AND YALL NIGGAS CAN'T EVEN BE COOL??
I was always a doctoramer, in childhood especially
My vision of you is sitting in front of a TV eating Peanut Butter tracks ice cream from Trader Joes
Owe ...
I feel an attitude coming
fair enough.
AH have fun at the show today!!
true!
the reason we're here is because we demanded food fast and cheap.
The hard part is, can quailty be made affordable again?
does not support member items in budget.
speaker silver expressed he is open to putting them back in budget
We're starting a small businesses in the 43rd exchange at our monthly meetings next month.
Hope you can join us!
Lakers getting schooled like Delinquents!
I said Kobe was gonna do it!
Just not necessarily today!
yum yum
Hoes on my dick cause I look like your mom
jus got up
bandsilove  team sleep
A 12,000 SuperBowl ticket?
I love it!
Whoever bought that, gaygesuntaheit.
RT : Blogging is content creation  content marketing rules apply: Audience, Approach, Plan, Tactics, Measure, Refine
It don't make sense for me to lose, I just don't see it
RT If it aint in a Rap Song....
Niggas won't doctornk it!
Big things coming from GDM!
Stay tuned!!!
you bet.
we think you're awesome.
My daughter's off to Santa Fe in the fall in her new kiasoul and I'm so blessed I can't wipe the smile off my face!!
Congrats on the remodeling!
Have a HAPPY Thanksgiving!
like idk twitter does it I guess..
I've been getting them ALOT!
I got 53 today...
RT If you want a DM to Mikey Fusco!
o.o lol
Her name is rio and she dances on the sand 3
If Jesus can unlock death He can unlock any door.
Revelations 1:18
you gotta put up that pic of you in your throwback duds.
You know, if I follow correctly, WORD.
Just for the record I've known 's music for like over a year ....but I guess I can share the love of his talent with u stugots
Messed up skirt on baby's doctorss.
Have to go to store and buy more fabric tomorrow.
Grrrr!
it's happened...
is on twitter.
follow her if you want in on the crazy MyStupidHeart 3
doctornking caffeinated tea.
Lady Grey, set my mind on FIRE!!
follow me!
About to have my first chick Fil a experience.
No idea what to order.
Who's got tips?
Ur followed love!!!!
:
always.
always be nervous.
I'm sorry, I will leave u alone
I can't wait to see you tomorrow in Colorado springs I hope I get the chance to chat with you like I did in salt lake
Had a great time teaching Rogelio, Derrick, Eric and Cheryl tonight in my Long Beach Salsa class.
Lots of laughs and great dancing.
24yard loss by the Jets on the miss snap...2:15 to go in the half
OMGosh that is SO AWESOME!
I'm so proud to be a Fischie!
Emmy is making Damien look like an angel.
Dang.
Disturbing, I can't finish my pink
please ask your guest what they hold as collateral
I c u
I think we need to honor this important holiday.
M.
RT : HAPPY NATIONAL PANCAKE DAY!!!
Finished an interview for Episode 15 and headed out to the official B preparty in Austin tonight!
In the mood for emo music?
I highly recommend the Teen Mom soundtrack.
Thanks for the mention!
Opposites do not attract.
Don't believe it.
You're faithful  They're not.
Simple mathematics.
Doing my job with both hands tied is getting rather impossible.
: I am unbelievably bored right now.
omg same 
Dummies get trigger happy when it gets a lil warm outside SMH......
Important news about the event on October 1st for all TFT members!
Free and upgraded accounts are all invited.
Ima be too cold come Monday playin the 3 not my territory but I know how to play it
Should be great!
RT : Ready for next week!
5 days filled with great speakers!
watching avenged sevenfold all excess ...
favorite fucking band.
ever.
1 Timothy 2:12..
Awesome!
There it is right in the context!
That's what I say about you!
Lol jp ily : : Bitch be hating : simon puta bishh!!!
Knock and Rising enter postproduction this week.
Hard deadline at April 27th.
indiefilm JO
if I'm out somewhere and a boy comes up and talks to me, no matter who they are my dad WILL give them dirty looks until they leave.
Bazinga from Big Bang Theory RT : Wow 3 for Booya right away :
I wonder if Justin or B.J.
ever referred to their significant others as Upton Girls.
School is such a doctorg
I was afraid of that.
At least my dog seems to still like me.
I like it because I can have my work apps on here also but there is no easy reply button RT : Thoughts?
Finding a mint xb12 for sale locally is making me doubt my need for a new four wheeled vehicle
I can never be too tired to play the doctorms!
Hit me up for your ADMIT 4 FREE Pass TONITE!
NEW SATURDAY SPOT!
ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
Your mom made breakfast for me and Canepa today.
She was great last night.
Thanks for sharing her.
Stop by today !!
Great.
Fucking rush hour.
That means there's accidents all over the place.
Best case scenario, we confiscate some really good pot.
Davidson basketball.
:o I don't like bees.
Unfortunately we didn't win Family Biz of the Year for MA.
It was truly an honor just be a finalist for such a large, recognized state award
nothing like being able to walk to your neighborhood grocery
shit my look!
It still works but some of my tweaks tweaking!!!
contemporary artwork all originals for sale www.zanbeelart.com
Let's make it FOREIGN WORD FRIDAY.
I'll start with PRATIES, the gaelic word for potatoes.
Good thing I can think rationally.
LebronOrDurant...umm easy, MVP bc he doesn't Wet himself or shrink in the last 3mins..
DurantClutch
Halftime  H.D.
Woodson holds off Good Counsel  Leads 2725.
DC YOUTH ROCK!
props to for being our 500th follower.
john, you've won a copy of our not yet released live album.
direct message us.
Almost dinner time, why not dine in or carry out from the B!?!?!?!?!
If I could go back in time I would press the button to take me to the day cheese was invented.
Walking Dead restarts tonight..don't miss it:P
If your life needs some color, Call Protect Painters and no other!
hell yeah
Help us get 100 followers before our 50th show tomorrow!
it's what we're all striving for, right?
If it's important to you, you'll find a way.
If not you'll find an excuse!
Thanks same to you Hun!
: : Happy Mother's Day 
A sad day for Junior Seau's family, friends, fans  SD community.
Full story 4, I will take a look at his past in a live report
I need to find a paying summer gig but all I can focus on is trying to get clear of this semester.
Thanks for the follow!

You got me thinking about why we don't more often promote archaeology as a source of modern social inquiry.
Nice stuff.
Woo officially going to Warped!!!!
Writing is like washing windows in the sun.
With every attempt to perfect clarity you make a new smear.
James Richardson.
So true!
yea she is
At least every month, I send my ex bf at least 200 if nit more.
He can't make it on his own....am such a sucker.
Theory: Based on its actual userposted content, feminists should hate pinterest.
I LOVE PACO.
I'm a creepy dog mom, and I fine with it.
New specials on the menu this weekend!
Stay tuned for dets....happy tuesday peeps!
no well informed individual would have ever been in a position to see this coming ...
lol!
Sorry that I'm not very excited about you being in a commercial and CONTRIBUTING TO THE DOWNFALL OF SOCIETY!
Hey.
Chilling on the couch with No wallet but she bought me dinner.
Couldn't get better.
Love you guys and love you
500 RSVPs!
RT : Gearing up for tmister's Personal Finance for Recent Grads event on campus.
RT if you are coming!!!
Cleveland is once again irrelevant..
Will you be doing feedings on Thanksgiving?
Will be back in otown, and want to help out!
The weather is absolutely perfect!
Can't wait for our Retro 70s party tonight  6 to 9!
Join us for live music, cocktail, great ambiance!
I hope you feel better soon my love.
:3
good lord!
Apple should start endorsing you guys.
yep!
they started a new series 2 weeks ago.
feel free to come early and catch up!
Why wasn't Narveson in at the top of this inning?
Have you found any polar bears yet??
I'd say ari..
I'm not completely sure but shouldnt Jamie Dimon be investigated a little bit?
You think Tebow enjoyed his Last Supper tonight?
RT if u wanna something happen..
GET 2 WORK!!
UR GRIND defines the outcome ..
so b prepared to meet the challenge
and I am glad our paths have crossed and a friendship was birthed.
Let us be your designated doctorver!
Seats still available for Thursday's Bricktown Shuttle from OU, UCO, Tinker AFB!
Only 15 per passenger!
I HATE AL ROKER
Student just contrasted JC/TS wearing no shoes during 68 olympic protest w/Jordan refusing activism b/c Reps buy shoes 2.
My job is done!
Are we really discussing gay marriage in a religious sense?
Ugh.
So Annoying.
Thank you, Quianna!
I so appreciate that!
: I really want a vernon maxwell jersey That'll go nice with my crack pipe
A lot of Midland's clients film large videos and then repurpose it for Social Media.
The girl that never steers me wrong.
I was told my spec of Parks and Rec is amazing by a current industry writer!
Can I send it to you to check it out please?Thanks
Look nobody likes you.
Ughh Qishebsxbcusiqlalsieuqbslciamzmsoslshalsnbslabe
Three free t shirts today.
Not bad.
Why the fuck am I awake
Heh.
No announcement yet, except to our families.
I decided on Georgia Tech.
Yikes.
Playing on Main Street tonight during the Joplin Art Walk!
We'll be giving out FREE cds and selling shirts while supplies last!
I wonder if Jeezy goin make a
Rayle' up lickin my feet  my arm she doing 2 much then she slapped me n my face  pullin my hair she bout 2 get beat up this morning,lol
Hi u contacted me regarding bad info.
I have a stalker and need that info please
On Youtube I keep seeing something called Kony 2012.
Can someone tell me what it means?
And I quote This is hardly the party of the century.
Chasing Disaster will be Featured Artist on Reverb Nation the week of June 25th.
RT : ...
given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache...
Hello stranger!
LOL Have a great weekend Dawn.
I'm eating cereal and really, really wish my Honey Nut Cheerios were Count Chocula.
If I ran a sex toy distributor I would make sure every shipment went out in packaging that read FRAGILE, OVERSIZED DILDOS
thanks, Nick!
I really can't wait until the weekend.
Uhm no u'r not!!
: I'm going to be my daughters prom date..
IDGAF
Reptar, King of the ozone thatsmyjam :
Artists well worth the follow
Missed my shuttle so they send me a limo instead...I'll take it!
Oh, and come back to work here, will ya?!?
We miss you, too!
Im told my goonz we gonna be rich 1 day!!
GOTTI!!!!
please austin come visit your fans one more time.at northstar befor you leave  ;
when oomf says they butt dial me .
you know they is lyin they just wanted to talk but does have the balls to say it
Bet RT : lol!
I'm there bro
Any one know a good way to network some music music?
:o haha really?
Or a Morneau concussion!
I know people who are willing to go there for silymi so..
do you know how much all stars is going to be?
:o
I hate Wednesdays.
yeah I've heard that before.
Problem is I rarely get pissed...it takes a lot to get pissed.
In the car headed to Tampa with my wife.
Listening to Ed Sheeran, this gots the shit!!!
We're excited to see what you come up with  good luck!
RT : Scraping !
:D
So thankful for a gorgeous day at Penn State and beautiful weekend in PA.
Pictures coming soon from my multiple garden visits along the way
what happened?
There was a man on a horse and I killed a guy with a trident.
the wife made me watch!
bway
RT Couldn't mind of god be a metaphor for all knowing and predictive?
ttw12 d2  digital omniscience?
My brother moves back home this weekend :
Happy 15th Birthday!!!
Hope you have an amazing Birthday.
:
he is such a tool
What's your leadership style?
Selfaware leaders are characterized by clear sense of purpose  a consistent way of interacting with others.
Omg!
We will be reunited, been missing u guys
LMAO hey you never know maybe I do it AL ; RT as long as you're not flying the plane on Saturday we cool 
WeAre UTSA capital campaign announcement of 93.4 mil is gr8 news!
Thx to all who attended last night.
fired it up.
Wow!
yeah you are
Marathon Monday!
Run down here for a few pints and some lunch!
It's a great day to be out in the city!
The main difference between a visionary and a doctoramer is action.
absolutely so.
Just had a tear or five doctorp.
Continued blessings to you love.
ShineOn 
That'd be sweet.
And selifshly, would make a great story to write.
Is it September again?
Family dining at Big Cheese in South Miami.
Using our Miller Deal coupon
thx 4 following, and for your bicycle initiatives and your involvement with Asians and Pacific Islanders during Census 2010
RT : The brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all.
never give up on your doctorams 3 goodnight, : 3
haha yeah brother
Did you launch any rockets today?
our words will/ not change/ if we persist/ to believe in them
: I feel about Anchorman 2 the way many teenage girls feel about Catching Fire Samesies RonBurgundyismyPeeta 3
That match was probably shorter than the Sheamus vs Daniel Bryan match at Wrestlemania.
gg Layla
Only if we understand can we care.
Only if we care will we help.
Only if we help shall they be saved.
Jane Goodall
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 40
You are so awesome and I can't wait to se what else you have instored for us all..
Keep me updated..
Almost positive you guys will shit yourselves when you hear what's in store for you guys!
2012, let's make this a good year yeah?
m/ ;
Huge: Nuggets headed back to Denver Thursday night.
Wow.
Denver beats Los Angeles.
Instagram does NOT....
does NOT...
make your a photographer!
More relationships would last if people treated the ones in their house as well as or better than the way they treat those outside the house
Did you make a Q and A video???
If so may I have the link to it????
did you get my facebook request
Gotta love the Raider kick coverage team...
: Wishing Everyone a Very Happy and Prosperous New Year!
May GOD BLESS You All with All the Luck, Success, and Happiness!!!!
:
Heading to Rancho for 's Cinco de Mayo party!
This kid has way too many parties...
;

thanks for the RT!!
at least for ARod and Kobe those were salary numbers.
Pacman leads the way.
Hello Christmas break!
I have missed you!
It has been a while!
I love a great reunion!

It's like those damn Activia commercials.
You know for damn sure that no one in their right mind does that shit!
Congratulations.
I think paper.li is on to smth 'library'!
I sense a little gay, am I wrong?
I know!
It's a Christmas miracle, Charlie Brown.
I know you're better than that.
You can do better than someone who crys over not being able to sit somewhere when there's plenty
picking up another dumpster in midtown!
would be happy to haul stuff away for you!!
Tweet or call if you've got something for us!
7134649200
Wouldn't matter.
Educational system here is so bad that it's amazing they spell anything right that has more than three letters.
sure :D
For these teriyaki fajitas to be this good.....
Yeaah, it need too be because i stayed home from school today and I'm boredd.
It don't be gettin live until like 5 though
The Dell WIMSS in Singapore is a meeting of 120 Dell imaging employees from around the world, meeting to set strategy for the coming years
RT : Today in 1995: Bomb explodes outside Alfred P.
Murrah Federal Bldg in Oklahoma City, killing 168.
Lessons learned:...
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Krugerfontein in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
RT DWNTWN Concert Summer Series:FREE performances begin w/ City of God  Chris Cauley on Friday May11th at 8pm!
cool I'll hit u up after work
Cuz the strongest is the best to have...LOL :
A diplomat is someone who tells you to go to hell in such a way that you look forward to the trip.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 37
Is everybody watching lovehiphop
I'll take a page from your good attitude then.
Go me!
:
Hello Monday, new followers  old tweeps!
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
We have one extra ticket for the Great Taste.
Face value 50.
First one to reply gets it.
You will face trouble  persecution.
2 Timothy 3:12 A life with Jesus doesn't exempt you from that: it helps you to be better prepared.
Someone should Dm so I can give them my num and txt them I'm bored af
Phoebe Snow  one of a kind.
RIP
I love you 3
Possibly a hip injury causing a misalignment.
I adjust a lot of knees, feet and hips.
Common problem areas.
Give us a call
Why are people doctorving so slow today?
I didn't catch much of his work during those games, was referring more to his brief stints on CSNNE's shows
Extremely disappointed with the amount of inflatables in the undergrad area.
Step it up.
Back from bootcamp and completely soaked!
Am I training for a tri?
Every one check out ht Peterborough ppl say.
Starring and
aw ok ok, wht studio you going to ?
And youtube me deandoctor751 listen to my song Wanna Be
Thank you for the RTs Rick!
Aw!
Happy Mother's Day Hot Mama!
Lmao !!!
How e gone tell em his cum is concentrated death!!!
Not sure it ever was.
RT : is this still true?
RT Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
Ansel Adams
Bought everything I need to start making my own beer.
Hey guyz at my grandma house yeah buddy
We would rather die on our feet than live on our knees.
I will email them over to you tomorrow.
Messy is not even the word!
The fact that we got through uni and settled down is a miracle!
Stop playing with me
Homeless Pickup line: Your Box or mine?...
Oh Mariners.
Please get a hit when I come to the game tomorrow.
And maybe a run?
Going to kirby later for their band concert!!!!
:D cant wait to see everyone i know there!!!
Sometimes there can be too much structure.
It's a field trip, a reward for hard work  good behavior.
Relax the rules a bit!
definitely looking forward to reconnecting after CES  hoping we can do something musical together!
Aren't conferences just with one kid, and minilessons with the whole class?
When people assume I'm mad.
Um no I'm just annoyed .
Then you give me attitude , well then now I'm mad.....
ahh i see.
did you ever see it?
was for lucille ball  a TV with channels, volume, etc.
Let the wedding festivities begin!
Manis  pedis at nailscompany So excited for
Teaching.
Tried to catch a bunny that is definitely not wild..but it was too fast.
Even tried the Cadbury cluck to lure it out...
if I do it I will!
My hair is black!!
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Oscar Wilde
NXBL Watch live Broadcast at www.nxbl.com Orlando vs Tampa today at 6pm at St Pete.
harsh but true words.
I was a huge fan of his, until he left SI.
We spent 4 hrs in Prospect Park with 5 y/o twins  a 10 y/o.
Came home  weeded, spaded  swept outside.
Um, whose life is this?
depending whether you have one or not.
HAHA
Dobson's is an ideal destination for dinner before a show at nearby Spreckels, Lyceum, Convention Center, Symphony Hall, 4th  B, etc
Sure!
Its a fave of mine and only 5 weight watchers points.
Hope you like it!
Corporate clientele now?!?!
Not bad!
RT : God is doing more in you and through you then what life is trying to do....to you.
Here for the final run of Internet Week with of Percolate  of Know Your Meme talking Science of the Spread
Calm down...
Welcome to the brigade
Just shake it, gyrate it, wobble in place, do the buttquake, dive from the stage, shake what ur Momma gave ya  let the music save ya!
Just confirmed a reality tv show with Warner brothers!!!!!!
Hells yeah!!!!!!!
More pictures of Kareen AbdulJabbar standing next to people 2022 inched shorter than him, please.
Alrite, who has a metal detector/bigass magnet?
Another dirty martini for you miss dont mind If I do
That was your Cinco De Mayo  pre Mayweather  Cotto fight TECH update...enjoy my Twitter friends!!
I can't find my DS lite charger, but I can find my phat DS charger, why can't they just work on both?
We're the majority when half your fans claim, 'I like both.' You won't hear that nonsense over here.
Aw i love when you lie to me :' honestly your so sweet when you lie3
I'm so into Google a day!
Hands down 21 jump street was the funniest movie I've ever seen lmao!!!!!
me too!
: wcmia has been great  hope that Wordcamp Orlando wco meets up again this year!
But nothing can be changed until it is faced
Bowling with and I'm still somehow good.
thanks for the shoutout bud!
Omg madmen : Roger Sterling doctorps acid!
THX for your kind words: keep well 1!!
welcome on board this TEAM of angel survivors so no one faces cancer alone, thx!!
:
: Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and TheMoneyTeam  Thank you.fasho that 70 was worth it!!
Made it in!
That's what i'm saying RT : Out of all people Blake??
Nough said
They're making The Lorax into a movie starring Taylor Swift?!???
Periphery, The Human Abstract, Textures and The Contortionist tonight at The Rock.
Come and hang out.
:
just feel its a silly ritual especially as he gets older.
Oh well
I'm a bit sad I'm home tonight and not at The Troubadour seeing Kimbra.
the GOP?
Or conservatives?
hanging wiith my bestfriend planning my bday party on friday
Planning SES NYC anyone have the party scoop?
How did you hear about Paradise Fears?
yes, you have a dentist appointment.
I wish I could have come:
yobitv  forgive him.
is having a rought night.
His razor was broken this morning.
thanks for the review, love the video!
yes.
They were at the exit on your way out.
shut up sloth...
Is that a burger...
with an...
ORANGE on it?
Winwinwin for the burger, the orange, and the eater I'd say.
I'm faded, faded, faded haha.
They debate the Wade/ LeBrick thing everytime the Heat lose in a close game that comes down to the last shot.They both suck.
You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.
not sure but his 'take this longing' is ;p
Avatar is definitely the longest movie i know of but is still pretty dang good
This mountain dew BajaBlast is hittn
Me too :D
Starting the marathon Friday night trip to the Cape!
I would go get some ginger ale and crackers or something but I am broke.
As is everyone these days...
Sonoda's Sushi LODO, serving Downtown Denver since 1995.....Off day for the Rocks, Tonight the Nuggets Finish the Reg.
Season Denver Sports
Texas governor now requires PEO's to provide workers comp loss information to employer clients in a timely manner.
Managed to get ninja cat to the vet.
Her diabetes is under control with diet, no need for insulin!
So glad I adopted this wild beast.
Sex doctorgs and the American Way ends this Saturday June 5th!
If you haven't seen the show yet, there are still tix available.
4142787780
how does these girls know about zayns dance video ?
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 8:27am in Atlanta, GA it is 32 degrees.
High: 61 Low: 34
Wrap your mind around this: the number of sexually abused men equals the population of almost 15 of the lowest populated states.
There ain't shit to do though.
Grrr Taxes, Grrr!
It's 3 am and I have been working on you for about 3 weeks and may be only half way!
Grrr.
RT : Need access to top consultants?
can help.
Resume reviews, mock interviews  it's all here  www.evisors.com
Hey , stop hating on the DBacks!
Also, start a game with me on Hanging w/ Friends.
I'm over WWF :
Will there ever be a way for a server mod/plugin to add custom blocks without the need for players to have the client mod?
Cell phone in left hand, cig in the right, which one to doctorve lady?
Fuckin Ethan eating 10 slices of pizza.
Oh my gosh..
It's almost been five months..
This is crazy.
Goons outside of the house with firearms.
LIKE if you are counting down the hours until the weekend starts
if was there id be ur superwoman and make them leave u alone.
OneAndOnly3
Expect the best and you'll produce the best
fair well fair weather; moving toward the chill aboard a flying ship.
herworld so impressed to learn about the work U do from Keep it up.
2gether we can make a change
I sincerely miss those heavy metal bands...
Well maybe your action should be to press my follow button :
I ain't swimming in the Lake or the resevoir.
Ewwww.
Although the Ramble does have a lovely stream.
I've been thinking of using fb groups, but I need to do some research on their privacy settings.
Omg.
We just got the nicest hotel ever
Milwaukee Models 
Let's GO therealmattkemp!
Bring them home!
and counted for a run...
Thank you!!!
Trusting the Process!
Dude all your rodeos end in you getting owned.
Not a single win in 1,000,000 plus twitter fights.
U SMILE I SMILE WWWOOOOAAHHH  AARRGGGGG 
Absolutely my pleasure, and thank YOU!
Sorry followers, if you got a message that 'someone is posting bad things about you', its a scam, don't click it, change your PW if you did!
any chance you'll be running any specials for signing up for packages, etc during soft open week?
thanks  50 total from my top weight, but doing the math has helped unplug the emotions and help me focus.
RT : Cleveland Park: All entrance escalators out of service due to mechanical problem.
Buses are available.
the station remains open.
Great screening!
Great feedback!
Many thanks to Nicole Freim for her hard work in pulling such a dynamic set of panels together.
I'll be a guest on KOGO's show Monday to talk about why all this sex slave speculation re: Killgore case is stupid.
Tune in at 7:35 a.m.
haha agreed : it's a cool new approach to ombre!
haha yes!
Hey arnold was the best
Blake with the dagger!
lunch,  a couple more hours....
hit my line g
I like it lol and which y'all fav sport?
listofTurnons a shaved pussy
My roommates are shooting a gangster music video and asked if they could borrow my clothes....
Haha no comment.
oh cool.
U no its a new one on state
yes.
Max Major Payne....
I noticed that you do smell your hair occasionally
Alright, I'm all out of tea, tweets, and tofu, but elfin' overstocked on hipsters, so I guess it's time to hit the road.
We would love to be featured by as the place to shop in Louisville for your international food needs
You doctornk some doctornks, you find tequila....then the nights over
Great song choice  very well done
Ha!
Thanks!
Hope your carving skills are sharp, Mayor, in case it becomes a trend.
Seriously, if anyone is the film industry I will follow because no matter what...
We're in this together now.
you are the sweetie pie of RT's!
Thank you friend XOXO
sure thing man sounds good.
Auntie Em's MoCafe' Frozen Custard makes it's debut today.
Come in for sample.
Nighas act worst than females
Jim Carey turns 50 today.
Eggs, mahi mahi, tuna, and rice don't mix well....
email us a link to your music.
We might use one of your tracks in the near future for the show.
The game is pretty good, as far as I am concerned.
It would be better if it had a point to it, though.
:P
: Minnesota's weather is like Niall picking his favorite food.
MinnesotaProblems
RT i need a translator in new york city who speaks bahraini arabic ASAP.
bahrain.
please help.
Anyone having a problem getting onto Chase Bank's online site.
It keeps bouncing out to search engine on me.
how LA win the series?
Cause they better nigga
Need a Lakers jersey.
Not to wear like some of you fucks.
But to have.
As a fan.
Since you and are back doing pods again, are you going to be doing a Plus One?
lol hopefully for like half an hour
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT RANDYS BALLROOM!!!
ITS GONNA CRAZY AND VERY PACKED!!
DOUBLE DEBUT!!
Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are alway all the same sex.
I just learned that we've shifted from zone 5 to zone 6a.
Yikes.
in which city are you currently found in!?
sorry to see you go.
hitting my follow limit again
I got my cup filled up, we came to have a good time so turn my music high we gonna tear this place up.
If anybody needs a cranky radical to run their tiny little broke library, rest assured I can
Oh, you have a tattoo on your lower back?
You must have been hot stuff in 1996.
girl i wish.
With these 3 majors i'll be a Dec grad.
Btw, its been far too long.
I never see anybody : i be feelin alone lol

gottaeat tough to follow Gaga from Harvard
My son taught himself to knit..I was thinking..maybe there is a niche for him in a project like yours...keep up the great work!
alright so
fml valentines is coming up soon and I don't have anyone :
u just earned my respect 85 rage on RT : No!!!!!
Support the artist n buy the album please.
Alot work goes into their craft
: who's going out  getting reckless tonight?
where's the poppin place?
Awww.
They're adorable!
Very excited to be speaking at gwcms class this morning about online strategy  agency life.
thingsthatshouldbeoutofstyle Guys wearing skinny jeans
I only use it to be a little more polite.
I try to keep it Rated G on here.
returning 's calls is required.
how are you gonna have an argument and then walk away?
Hubby has to go to an Army training in VA.
Flight is supposed to leave at 11 AM.
This will be interesting.
Shoot the ball, Gasser.
thanks!
With your help I'm moving up ;.
We're not all bad...
I'm so proud to be a Angel.
I'm so proud to support and love a boy from Gold Coast Australia.
Hater's opinions about Cody are not important.
Im trying to make filia, parasoul and peacock work.
But parasoul is hard for me :
Reading Free the future of a radical price.
Paints a vivid picture of the media business models over the last 80 years.
Must Read.
I have literally spent this entire morning looking at photos of myself...
A surf board just arrived.
40U40 photo shoot.
MyBiggestProblem is being too hard on myself.
IM RIDIN ROUND IM GETTIN IT ...
My boyfriend is skating  doesn't have his phone on him  I don't wanna go all the way to the oaks .
fuck man.
wat is it i want to kno
Nerd :P
I have been able to listen to you guys for the past 3 days at work without hearing a repeat
Cool, I'll get back to ya.
haha
Check out the great nonprofessort organization which encourages the discusson on epilepsy.
Started by our friend
You're disrespecting OTISR Temple!
..
hey hun ..
not sure if ill be here Friday yet but if I am, I'll come thru!
thanks gents.
:
Aww, she's a cutie.
Happy birthday to your kitty cat.
:D
The moment the Twin Towers fell is day that will NEVER been forgotten in all American History
Thanks for the RT Carmen.
Have a great weekend!
you've lost your retweeting privileges.
Thanks so much for the kind words!
Also,globbing is done by the shell before ruby gets called but it should've gotten a mention
Omg only 19 more this is amazing!!!!
:D
Group 9, Economic Vitality: using all group's elements for economic vitality, actual people create network, crowd sourced ideas
i love u
Screw you Clint Bowyer and while I am at it, you too David Reutimann!
It's been 5 yrs and 2 kids.....why do I still feel like I live in a bachelor pad?!?!

I don't but I will make sure to keep you in the loop!
I can't wait to go!
Lunch any time just pick a day  I'm there.
How bout then pens last night!!:D
I spent 50 minutes Running.
646 calories burned.
goodnight sweetie : 33
amateur hour lol
I think ima get the samsung galaxy !
one minute please
I Hate Wen People  Think  They Know It All
RT :Out here in Juneau, Alaska with the homies , , , More Killing It!!
Bobby Bottleservice, full service, the service
blaknyello  Platinum Prospects presents: BKNY In the Main Room: Resident DJ/Producer Tyrone mixologist Francis  guest
The Boyfriend music video........
Ohmygosh.
People get sick in California?
AND SAY SOMETHING LIKE YOU RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY, SHE LIKED ME AFTER SHE GOT TO KNOW ME.
FUNNY HOW EVIL SHE IS.
AND SHE doctorSSES
My eyes are on fire.
No matter how smart you are, your heart always makes you dumb.
Dear crystal, I'm bored.
Just doing my Spanish project and painting golden balls.
And wasting time in Twitter stalking people.
We are looking for interesting speakers/topics about the Future of Rehabilitation Tweet us your ideas!
You talk funny, Boston.
RedSox Radio Reynolds led the league in errors and Strikeouts last year.
That's hard to do!
then go to your kitchen and make some
My lor sista get on my nerves about netflix to early for this shit
One of my favorite people was at my gig today Jennifer Lopez with her manager Benny Medina
Getting my shoes shined during long layover in Denver.
Now I don't have to do it myself.
Friend and Starbucks barista thought it would be funny to add two espresso shots to my coffee.
Now I can't sit still.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 2
I'm just here to help
3 things certain in life: death , taxes and Nowitzki.
what's up?
thanks  did you hear I'm road tripping through NE next summer??
finally going to get to see glorious Ogallala!
Bummer.
Don't tell Em I said that.
xoxo RT : Heading to Houston for the first Christmas with the inlaws
To love is one thing, to be loved is other thing, but to be loved by the one you love is everything.
Having your class in the hall likeaboss clevage ;
Thank you!!
Yes, I think I will blow his mind right now :
Its crazy..i just passed my grandmoms house..i would go see her but my so called uncle is there..fuckin loser..ugh
Is that really necessary...
Thanks so much!!
How about you, do you play any music?
No ideas.
Going to go doctornk a bottle of wine and doctorw borders on 500 pieces of 8.5x11 paper.
Politics How can people think of having Newt as president.
This guy has been in congress 4 decades  hasn't help d people of this country.
sounds like something the Bush administration would say to get you to buy a war they were selling.
Or the
well there's only one answer to that; banana nut!!
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
Kahlil Gibran
Hey Detroit!
I have over 1000 blank eyeglasses that we would like to donate to a local charity or several.
Pls DM me any suggestions.
Xo
That is just WRONG!!
Great minds really do think alike!
Nice to eTweet ya!
thanks.
yeah, forensic meteorology is fascinating to me.
He was a great interview.
that's funny because I just screen shotted that and sent it to her  let's see how much she loves you now!
Huntsman believes US colleges  universities are underappreciated, underfunded but still the best in the world
I'm not Fred Flinstone, but I can still make your bed rock.
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it Jason Kaufmann
If you're not following the hottest player in the NFL Please go follow now 
She the best bitch i own.
Former spurs legend Jrgen Klinsmann new coach of the US soccer team  exciting times ahead for the US of A.
We primarily work with clubs in the South Florida area but also do private trainings as well.
We've got the new issue of , and it features some downtown Madison local music venues.
Stop by and check it out!
Watching The Lion King with my baby cousins.
It's not a good weekend for my family.
If you care about someone, let them know.
congrats on the b under30 nod!
The night is dark and full ofOMG WHAT THE F JUST CRAWLED OUT OF HER??!!
What up Bro!
Need some tracks...Lace me up!
and if you're gonna caucus, do it right.
cant...stop...listening...
My husband is a cop and we LOVE the show.
Keep up the good work Hatosy!!
PLEASE give the fans more
u at xlounge tonight?
Session thru and be on the lookout for Caztros new track with video thats why session thru someones gettin it told to em
conjugation might be wrong, but by marionetas I mean sustanivos pardon
trying my first mangria tonight and loving it!
Glad to see Lakers go to seven.
I like this chick...
She ugly but she cool lol
lol real talk
Why can't it be the way it used to be....
Yes!
I will DM you my email and I'll pass it along to the right person.
Looking forward to potentially working with you.
he's dope
You tell her bro!
Gherardo Casini jokes about Washington consensus on use of XML for leg open doc standards
Degrade the value of our labor, blame the culture of higher ed for structural deprivations, and then reinvest for massive professort.
2/2
That's why I downloaded and rewatched the season finale of Castle :D
Watching n doctornking heavily!
RT : If you want to see unbelievable tension, turn on ESPN2 right now.
These last 20 minutes...
If I could figure women out...I'd write a book n make me millions
Bored a/f
thanks for the add
yeah!: u going to youth on wemdsday??
I WISH I could go to the game...I will be watching it on TV.
Sunny  BeeYooooutIfull in Feenix!
Time for the pool  some sun!
I'm sofocated .
LI'L D, to stranger: I miss daddy!
STRANGER: Where is he?
LI'L D: Hiding at home!
Aw, I dunno...
I sort of find K.
Thomas's book every 20 years thing endearing.
And they're good books too.
That quote is silly tho.
Filling out our annual report card
aww  your Xmas card!!
so sweet.
year long fridge art.
Hair color is the pigmentation of hair follicles due to two types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin.
Oh boy!
What a fun contest to judge!
If i said it i meant it
It's semantics.
Whether you quote it or came up with it, is the same.
If you didn't agree, you wouldn't have said it
as bad as watching Chris Matthews MSNBC interrupt his guests you can never hear the other persons point of view
What are your favorite herbs to use in gelato recipes?
i said youre!!!
That counts as one.
Whatever i deleted it
I'll be back one day
gelaskins!
I'm halftempted to get one of those in addition to my case.
They're sweet looking!
And I can customize it too!?
Gold..RT : Good Morning!
They normally post 710 days after your closing date.
Which Amex Card do you have?
Rachel
its a struggle everyday were stressin, but whats a life without dedication?
so i guess we started a trend for wisconsinthemed rap songs, huh?
'Liberty is kissing the one you carelessly in public
So enjoy Woody Allen movies!!
nowplaying.
Old Friends 4 Sale by Prince
Can't wait until I'm away from this fucking place.
We are testing today, so should be monday or tuesday of next week.
:D that's what I'm here for!
what kind of ecommerce work do u do?
LASERS!
THEY DO EVERYTHING WITH LASERS!
haha
steven segal movie !!!
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way  Mark Twain
First act done, one more to go :D
Hey Robin!
I'm trying to figure this TweetDeck thing out.
This is supposed to be EASIER?
LOL!
I have lots to learn!
See ya!
:
doctornking water keeps you hydoctorted and oxygenated.
Ditch the highsugar sodas that make your energy crash.
60 minutes blows my mind everytime
I'm getting sleepy now!
Quote of the Day: Life is not about Winning or losing!
If you win, You gain  If you lose, You Learn!
my goal is to redeem Bruno Mars in your head by the end of the summer.
Since you choose to hate my
Yes, already done  !
Daily Tip: Plan and use the safest and most direct route to your destination.
Community Supported Music.
CSM puts dollars in the pockets of local musicians, enhances local communities and contributes to a good vibe!
those star wars figures don't buy themselves you know....
: If You're ot Ready To Risk Everything, maybe You Don't Want It Bad Enough.
.
.
.
Lists of photos make sense to me because unlike other rich media you can view them at work.
cnn just reported 3.6 up for holiday season...that's great!....
Oh boo!
Would have loved to hve seen you, but this was an unexpected stay from my trip home from Cancun!
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand.
he knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl.
You fat fucker, You fuckin molee, You big piece of shit, You tried to trick the gucci
Nice job on Wieber
and now it moves to the legal challenges...
You can't expect these youth to do better if nobody is teaching them better.
Diggin the new album :
Always been a Knick fan.
makes it so im NOT ashamed to admit it.
Lol.GO NY GO NY GO!
Happy Birthday!!!!
Indigo Tree Publishing is not in the habit of recommending other's books, but Roger Ebert's Life Itself, A Memoir should not be missed
If your morning is starting out rough then the McCafe Caramel Mocha will be the smooth change you are looking for!
Yes!!
RT : Carnival has arrived!
texts that he sent her  I was like YEAHH NIGGA.
YOUR FAULT.
YOU'LL MISS ME.; OHWELL I WONT MISS YOU.
NIALL IS MY HUSBAND.
god i love Niam.
i go down with that ship hard.
Anyone have contacts/referrals to either Offices of Justice?
or Chicago ?
That's right
I learn more when i read what girls write on the bathroom stalls more than i do when im actually in class smh
Up late last night finishing DAUGHTER OF In awe!
, u r a treasure, weaving myths infused w/ so much heart  soul.
So happy for u and Bill!
3Blessings3
i see that being a problem in the future..
fuck it though its now and im young.
Ready to get back into the gym!
Chicago Bears First Round Wide Receiver History: Fan39;s Look
everybody to have the 21 in their pic, either on a piece of paper or with their hands it doesn't matter :
It is really hard for internetional students to remeber so much professorssional words...especially the geology class...
thanks for stopping by today John, it was great to meet you...glad you liked the banh mi!
Only the place 2 be Come check out surrendernightclub Only
But not on !
RT : hrd frm Pats fan on USS Carl Vinson that Pats Broncos is Amern Forces Ntwrk fans choice game of week
When Dorian and I have conversations about KPop, that's when you know it's true love.
you told me to.
alright watch
I never worry about u.
Except maybe when u act a little too crazy.
Oh that's right it's not an act.
Haha
Prayers for your mom, Sara.
What an extraordinary touching post.
Take a look at yourself in the mirror.
Who do you see looking back?
Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
Winning RT : My 2 picks would be I'll Have Another or El Padoctorno
Thanks for the follow, Barry.
what do you use right now?
Send me a private message for more info.
RT :Special thanks 2 4 testing  our play in NYC 2 come out  do tests live on stage!Audience loved it;wants 2 know more
Just ordered my JeffreyCampbell high heel shoes!
Whoot!
Whoot!
Happy early birthday to me!!
Relaxing watching , hahaha
Looking back on my life there's only one thing I coulda change
Lmfao, I guess dunkin donuts is the new hang out place for all the bikers and hipsters!?
Bahaha this shit killed me!
Wtf?
Youre unique..
thats a good thing.
Only God Can Judge me  3 
Only 8 votes separate 1st place and 2nd place in our iPad contest.
Have you voted?
might be moving to LA / woot woot
RIP Whitney...stunned.
I guess sono kall me first
omg wow so thoughtful I should really take that into account......
I think it's time for a change
If they understand you then they love you..if they don't love you then they will never stay around long enough to understand you
I know.
Because my observation that there is systematic and deeply ingrained misogyny is JUST LIKE genocide.
aiknowRITE?
LMAO!!!
Tell them negroes to put the tupperware/paper plates  foil AWAY!
You're supposed to be invited to take a plate home
I agree, sad that learning about an artist  their success or failures is often the least important for aspiring artists.
if you have his number text him or call him :o i could try and go earlier but it's not guaranteed..
Lol
If matters go badly now, they will not always be so.
Horace
good morning3
It ain't my bday but I got my name on that cake!
Believe that!
Today is pretty good for Friday the 13th!
:D
The Office has got to be the STUPIDEST show aired.
GTFO tv
Chris Brown Vs.
Trey Song Freestyle
Had the best acupuncture session yesterday!
Feeling good and rooted in purpose.
the xfactor
So just tweeted something I want to retweet but I can't because she wants to be private  shit 
A simple how are you...
can change someones day.
:
school monday I'ma doctorad waking up early in the mornings
I dnt feel right
RT : Joe Biden is the Flava Flav to Obama's Chuck D.
my picture is better :P
iPad Contest Giveaway on Twitter!
RT
who the fuck are you, to be a certified account??
Yes, very interesting, isn't it?
Oh wow, I remember that!!
Yikes!
Good thing it was a 1000year flood, probably won't have to worry too much about that ;
Who wants to hang out just got off work?
Oral contraception is not purely sexual promiscuity
amare stat is so dumb selfish ass
is there any word on Holiday's status for tonight?
anybody!!
watching the DUETS show!!
On second thought, I don't think the 99 are shopping at neimans anyway ;.
one of my fave bars!
Take a shot for me.
I don't even know what they do on that show.
Is it good?
German Apple Cakes, baked fresh at Acme by Appalachian Granny!
Order yours today!
6147322803
I wish I has my real camera with me!
iPhone pics will have to do though.

Coakley campaign raises questions about the integrity of the election.?
Democratic version of angst takes the form of accusations .
Thatscarymomentwhen you are in the shower and you get soap in your eyes and you think that there is a monster in front of you!
Cause the bastards need money..
RT Obamas Broken Promise Why r the Feds Still Meddling with States Medical Marijuana Laws?
seriously!
It's sick.
Those strike me as wise sentiments.
Thanks.
glad you're here, hi!
Beat like a monkey!
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today .
criminal minds 
I'm out of chocolate.
This is terrible.
One should always have good chocolate for Scripture study.
I think that's what God must taste like.
Quote from language craft teacher about using supplement websites to learn grammer its too dangerous
As a Brewers fan, I grieve for you having to endure Ned Yost.
I would guess anything finer than my fingertip would be good!
I feel like a caveman without a stylus
RT : Anyone have any tips for finding cheaper car rentals in the states for a week?
when im out there maybe you could teach me a thing or two about it cause im just not hearin it lol
Lmfao..
The video they made of justice rose dancing is 2 funny I was DEAD :D
I like the way those hickies on your neck, really bring out your eyes.
yes, let's set up an interview.
I think people including myself would like to know more about your skills!
The fuck is a Frank Vogel?
Check out my Blogs I will start posting  They will relate to Music  Life  YOU!
Yo I had a great time skating wit my cousins and we had a blast and i only fell 3 times
Yes, I just subtweeted you!
What do you guys love about your neighborhood?
The history, the community, great restaurants?
Live music?
Tell us here!
Just a quick note that I'm working on getting your info to you.
Thank you!
Ya its unreal I've actually noticed that to...People are just too perfect lol
Those are pretty good, right?
Give in to your urges!
Hope to see you soon!
:
Remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives, nor lives any other than this which he now loses
happy birthday!!
TRLN doesn't want to end 80 years of cooperation in an ebook world, wants to lend to each other, right now can't per Nancy Gibbs
Do u know Bebek??
Of course one can never compare'm..but I wanted s.thng at least that has water, nice people etc so I don't miss Bebek ...
Good thing you work in an industry that doesn't rely on you talking.....oh crap.
Thank you Michael Jackson for your incredible music
DAMMMNNNNN :D : Tweet me the first word that pops in your head when I say Mindless Behavior

Ron, we're so in sync right now...
like, Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays NSYNC
thanx for the retweet and welcome to the world of goodoctorads.
It never gets less addicting :
At what point does being so busy just become sucky for everyone?
Not eluding to anyone in particular...
These are just questions I ask...
only if you wrap it up :
I'm going to tho baby;
Oh yeah, we actually didn't know Liam : 
if you dont show up in a wife beater I'll be disappointed.
going to the mothafuckin aquarium today !
Don't mind me, just livin' the doctoram!
Well Maybe not my doctoram, but somebody else's doctoram.
Feels more like a nightmare.
Go away from me!
Current presenter: can artists be curators?
hey twitter works a lot better when you use it
Follow for some GREAT quotes .:
It can be interesting.
It can also be pleasant as well as unpleasant; juggling bills can be as much fun as juggling balls!
thank you 3
he's about 2.
My email is
Handed in my application for a summer internship at wish me luck!
Lady Baltimore cake.
No, Hometta tweets are from Managing Editor
I saw a couple in the stream, but there may have not been many.
Someone in my class just said brashear can suck a dick and my teacher said I like your sense of humor...
I love these teachers
b/c it's biden
do you know what a sugarglider is?
You should get one !
you better, I am closer to retirement than you are :
Movie time!
that is the job of a particular , he says.
:
how long ago was it you visited ?
The NH legislature passed HB1241, which will allow brewers to use molasses, nuts, maple syrup, honey, sices, herbs, etc in their brews.
you do that all the time !!
doctorma doctorma last night...Today: chill and sleep ;
thingsblackfolksscaredof PLANTATION, FLORIDA...wtf kinda name is that for a town?
Thanks for the RT and :
havent been on this i a long time i just been watching The Vampire Diaries I an So Hook on this show i love sefen and damon there so Hott
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
My teenaged daughter's friend is playing Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue on my piano as I type this.
I wonder if he's up for adoption.
Dependable cleaners summer reading program continues at Yogibo this morning at the South Shore Plaza.
Come on by
Bout to Rock Chico
I could spend all my time  money on etsy!
Great morning lifting session.
Guys got after it.
We even threw in a twist for conditioning which brought out a lot of competive spirits.
Tonight i'll hand wash until bed time.
yeah lol 4 days ago it was a month xD
Watching classic Buffy the Vampire Slayer on ; so much better than the lame novels I've been reading lately.
I just want to take a nap.
But I'm going to go clean up target instead.
Maybe I was just not in the right mood.
But they were boring me to tears.
I think this version of the band may be bad.
Great service today at Kingdom Life!
We had our first Conquering Kids service!
Pastor BJ taught to soar as eagles!
Love my church!!!
Watching The Kennedys on Netflix.
I cannot handle the amazingness of these overwrought accents.
Is your middle name Lucky?
Mine is.
oh sshhhhtaaaap it!
A conversation about eunuchs with an SPBS clerk inspired this plot point...
Robinson didn't use the term double standard in the Gradebook blog's transcript excerpt.
Relaxing and Cavs game watching.
Great meeting with filmmaking compadoctor this afternoon.
Good things are brewing, methinks.
Absolutely.
Email me a snailmail addoctorss  I'll send you a DVD on the topic.
lol I been talking to u on mh other account :lol
I don't know.
Aw you look so pretty in your DP
how is Sir Mark of Muncie?
I've myself up with a new mobile device and a new cell plan.
Perhaps I'll do this more often now that it ia more convenient!
baby im not like the rest3
it was amazing.
You have to eat
If your social head down to and get some sweets
but thank you ha I was so bored on here an had to tlak to someone :D
shoutout to the best radio station.
Listening from Costa Rica
u have a FANNNTABULOUS day too!!!!
Xoxooxox
Oh my.
I have about 3 months of my life I can't account for due to streaming Lost episodes on Netflix.
Love it.
I had the pleasure of ripping all of my geometry papers to shreds when I got home!
It was a magical moment I must say.
Arlington has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists!
Be sure to support your local artists!
Welcome to the m
Thank you!
You made my day.
It's greatly appreciated.
Damn, if I only had a hammer
When a girl ends a conversation with, 'k bye' you should know you just pissed her off.
to be honest, I thought about 2/3 of the book was awful.
It was interesting and insightful but I hope we can grab a coffee sometime.
Tonight mom told me she wanted to learn how to twitter lol
1 on my list of ThingsImSeriouslySickOf People who live in the city with Dogs  let them bark  kids  bring them into stores, etc
anytime!
i'm always here if you need me 3
this is a death threat!
Ok, bye
Heading into Trader Joes for the first time.
Let's see what all the fuss is about!
sweet!
Send pics!!
Aw....
love lobster love vacation!
:
www.joborworker.com, we just started, but save this link for the future.
Ham claims he hits worse during day games.
Honestly, I don't see a difference at night.
is miami media celebrating?
Knicks lose best defender  only guy who can bother Wade.
Bulls lose mvp.
East playoffs now a joke.
jobsinmadison Web Designer needed to create buzz  excitement for growing co!!
Don't forget about Reptile Day today at Wehr Nature Center from 14pm.
I Googled iPod Touch Data Recovery
Nah, you've got to tag it on Instagram proper, or it won't be pulled in.
Sorry I missed your DM.
Emailing you now...
The rain has finally subsided.
Time to get my Mother's Day BBQ Grill on.
I can't wait to see my Sister  her family today for dinner!
BEACH AWSOME.HOPE YOU HAVE FUN!
YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC ND TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZ:
God gave me u 4 the ups and downs god gave me u 4 the days of doubt 4 when I think I lost way there r no words here left 2 say god gave me u
Just responded to you!
Funny, I thought it was just a bunch of dudes with pituitary issues running around.
Thanks for enlightening me!
Hey , your damn servers are down!
I think I need a best friend or a boyfriend that's my species...so if your dog has a twitter, send him/her my way ;
omg.
I'm FINALLY on when you're on!
:D AMMYYY!!!
:
Do you know a woman who's making a difference?
Tell us why she should be recognized as a local hero for Womens History Month....
How about them baby !!
nods I recalled somewhere a comment about users always find ways to surprise the developer.
omg so glad I'm not alone.
I'm so annoyed by everything college related right now and everything relating to the future...
Nice!
RT : I think needs 2 find 3 girl models.
I have them: blonde, brunette and redheadin my house!
The grass isn't greener on the other side...
It's greener wherever you choose to water it.
miss yo crazy ass!
On the global scale?
I'm with you
awww stayed up till 12 in the morning too oh well since its for you idc : 3
not really, i hate it
As of 12:01AM, there were 9054 class searches via Course Guide and 538 students used Schedule Planner.
Two great planning tools.
thanks, Brian.
At least there was some good news today, too.
If I allow for preparation to lead to obsession as an impediment to substance, then I'll continue to circle without striking.
Was gonna say..
There's no way you, or anyone, is beating AT.
ha ha How's the snow?
lol
boy yoou got MY Heartbeat running A w a y , Beating like A doctorm And Its Coming YOUR Way3.
I'm sick of hearing Pac vs Floyd talk.
I just want to see some big fights.
I'll pay to see this PacBradley match up.
Kweli, sir, my fav rapper for years, you have to include that song about postKatrina N.O.
you did w/Bun B.
Miami Heat have lost two in a row, both by double digits.
It was the first time they doctorpped consecutive games by double digits this season
So excited to introduce you to our spotlight business owners we'll be featuring in the coming weeks!
ELETTROproduced WE tv contest just officially ended at 12noon EST, May 14.
3 winners to be announced SOON!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you sure??
love !
amazing scents and packaging
awesome!
I shall follow then.
click 
Spicy as shit 
Is it just me or did Al Pacino's speech put you to sleep or what?
Jimmy Fallon rocked it though, love him!!!
Awkward moment when you think you forgot shorts because your legs are too numb to feel them

MD ballot initiative this fall
Raiders win, are now 64 and in sole position of 1st place in the AFC West.
Beat the Vikings 2721.
Yes!
We'd love to collaborate.
Feel free to shoot Mia an email at !
you are equating your disagreement with Occupywallstreet w/lack of clear message.
and no i am not responsible for other's words
I long for a scarf, maybe a boot.
A sleeve, even.
Not a good Friday for Tiger...
Half day today!!!!
Good morning Twitterverse.
Let's see what's going on in the world today.
I am ready to fix me some Gourmet Hot Cocoa!
I love having my own gourmet coffee, tea, and hot cocoa!
You mean street riding, as opposed to trails?
Kanye West All Of The Lights Remix  Pretty Lights
The Most interesting Ficelles in DC will visit FRANKLIN PARK tomorrow.
Forecast for tomorrow is 80 degrees.
Stay hungry my friends!
He just started a new account 12 minutes ago.
..
Punked out on workout today because of grumpy hip flexor.
Have to be careful w/anything connected to low back.
Don't want any more surgery!
keep it steady
Not sure, ask Williams.
He mentioned it on Friday so thats why I asked.
I don't think anything has been decided as of yet.
Lifes not so hard.
You just gotta live, and learn from it.
see that's why I luv u.
Check out the 4 gutsy girls on the blog section of stratejoy.com The quarterlife crisis is totally normal  comes in many forms!
:
so hot it hurts
Ooh shut up.
:p
So sick of eating salads but i lost20lbs so i guess its worth it!!
Just 15 more to go till 
RT : : It may be too late for Troy Davis but there are others.
Please sign up to volunteer
Oh really?
Yea it's really small so most people haven't heard of it, but it's pretty well known in academic circles.
Aren't government contracts public record?
Can a public library sign a nondisclosure agreement?
TOMORROW FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors at 9AM PST.
RSVP to .
Hurry is space limited!
To be or not to be that is the question?
TO BE!
Had an amazing time at 'Durango' and now enjoying shows and hang time in Texas.
usnatarchives a2 research room staff especially helpful for a Friday.
thanks
Sun 5/13 DC free SOS spiritual program: How to Develop Detachment,  vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
Obamacare: People choosing unhealthy diets, no longer have to worry that their choices will reduce their access to health insurance.
Ask for a table by the fireplace  the ladies love it!
She was a speaker at a Conference.
After this class, I'll successfully have five hours to write a paper on the analyzing of a passage from a Greek tragedy.
Back in 1960s, 1 out of nearly 200 U.S.
workers received a Sears paycheck.
RIP Don cornelius
In Miami, Florida touring with and see you tonight at 11:30pm1:30am
Who Wanna Bet On My Lakers Tonight?
Haha.
Love your smart mouth!!!
Glad you found me.
You forgot your !
chicken!
Follow back?
:
Need 2 followers!!!
Any Shotout Please :
quote this
Listening to Whiz Khalifa feat Ricky Ross  amazing.
This is such a cool song ...
Oh and follow our BRAND NEW STREET TEAM IF YOU WANT TO JOIN DM THEM OR GO TO myspace.com/mltmstreetteam and message them!
your obsessed
Me and my squad are in the building!
my dick was put on punishment cuz it beat the pussy up.
Terrible headache  starving
lol you can enjoy my silliness anytime!!
Yes.
he yelled  me in Shultz for spelling it Brian
thanks for the ff !
Will be itinerant retailer  Eastern Mkt Flea Mkt tomorrow tho tempted to go back to family's immigrant roots  trading all in for pushcart.
Congrats to Connie Romay, Prosperity Bank for jbj40under40 recognition.
Great serviceoriented person with great serviceoriented bank.
Last day of instruction wow
I set min.
requirements for blog but others can be creative.
starting to make my summer bucket list with the inspiration of tumblr and pinterest :D
Knew today was a good day.
New PR on incline  380lbs for 4 reps!
Follow back bff :
AAM?
Do I look like a marketer?
:P
well, news conferences like the one Zimmerman's legal team just hosted just make things way too easy for 
Is always priceless
Loved last night with my two boys.
Xoxo.
Founder of Quantumsphere, Kevin Maloney talks about Nano Technology on our show!
www.onaair.com/
someone's mad abt something, someone else is overly sensitive abt something  someone is being a douche, typical twitterday
doctorwing is fundamental .
randy would you like to ride my bicycle?
lol..so true!
why yes
Cuz he is horrible outside of shooting RT : Tell me why the 2011 3pt winner James Jones is not in the game!!!
because it is cold outside.
Shane face hurt so bad he want the sweat to air doctor he don't want his corner wiping any sweat off
no lol I'm livin in greenfield
How's life been, Sire?
NHL Playoffs  hoping my Wings will let this be my focus for a few more weeks!
SongsPlayedDuringSex dear mama
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
you should go listen to one in the same an tell me if you like it
still no follow back :
I haven't failed out of law school!!!!
is looking for entertainment, sports and mobile technology startups and working on content creation for live music concerts in 3D
Damn getting followers is a fucking task, some of yall act like pesky salesmen

speaking french WAY TOO CUTE!
333
Thanks to eli2012 aaw12 aascu nglc2012 nglc for a knowledgepacked 6 days in Texas.
Now ready to be home!
The question THA's Michelle Apodaca asks The 82nd legislative session...
starting to bend the cost curve??
What do you think?
Rainy end to a fun night with the milmag crew.
I am randomly annoyed today by clumps of keys on keychains, because no matter how pretty the keychain, the clump of keys make for ugly.
i ship you and the word ship since you hate it :
The alumni Cougs are looking a lot flyer than the co eds right now
RT : Apparently iPads have been around since the time of Moses.
Or was it tablets...
Everyone should be hugged and kissed on the daily.
God Morning!
Aida at the Met....lord, what a set design.
Does one need to be reminded why we live in NY?
guys RT : im so attracted to white girls.
Brewers are now 1418 on the year.
Next game is today at noon.
President of TeamInsomniac stii up working, if u were wondering...
made yur girl suck my big cock den blew my juniors down her chatter box
Nick Folk anyone?
I miss twitter though  come back to check in.
If you're on FB feel free to find me.
So...
What's been going on, friend?
The small farm movement is alive and well.
Proof?
Visit any of the farmer's markets in Tally.
I don't have no fear of death.
My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
Tupac Shakur
whole should b better than sum of parts
RIPDirectionerPaula You will always be remembered and always be a part of the 1D family 3 
hello how you been
preach, tell it how it is.
thanx babe :D your too!!
wat letter does the word start with
Citadel's hedge fund platform Surveyor Capital will be hiring at least 60 analysts this year...this platform is really loading up
Im so high I could eat stars right now
UF  Gainesville bound in the morning for orientation!!!
It's a beautiful day for a convention!
The booth 634 is just about ready!
Gametime: go Rams!
I hope Sam Malone  Brian Long appreciate the KY Derby.
Just got this feed back from a client!
Noah was a pleasant surprise.
He was the perfect entertainment for my Moms 80th Birthday Party.
Anyone have experience with network extenders?
Calls not always ringing/phone showing as roaming at times in our new house
did he die today?
Metro Weekly Spotlight Pick!
Come see ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY.
Only 65 tickets left this weekend.
http:
Happy Mother's Day!
Wishing all the mothers and momstobe a wonderful day!
It is hard to soar like an eagle when you are surrounded by turkeys
RT : Holy Cow I LOVE IT!
just revamped this website and it looks awesome!
Congrats guys!
agreed!
they're not real.
move on.
Hello my Lovelies!!!!
That just made me smile!
Who she really is??
WHAT??
Double check for Raji
Majority of gate is out of state for a cup race.
That is why we have the Monday Labor Day buffer for our race.
I agree with you on the BSBN'sync
Merry Christmas to all from Extreme Moms Headquarters!
Get out there and give
Very sorry about that!
We got slammed today!
didn't anticipate the crowd....Please next time you stop by 10 off your bill!
damn I thought you was bald
you've been too stoned to notice.
i have to say that we have an incredible back line and Jimmy made some huge saves this week between the two games
its okay I'll be alright, don't worrie
I've never been to the strawberry festival, oyster bake, fiesta, etc...
of one of the explanations didnt include the word Duck then we have a problem...
Your welcome
Ok so we hv the Free VIP cards for the ladies  I just get a text from a guy tht wnts one bc he's gay..wht is the world coming to
of course
Hey tweets, I had a chance to visit the Debbie Allen dance academy.
So inspiring and such great work.
support her mission
easy: Kurt would want you to pick Joey
ight next time I work I will let them kno....
Yea is me ill upload that pik on instagram soon lol RT : that's you in your icon?
no way lol
Heading out with Mandy on a reconnaissance mission to Richmond, VA.
Can anyone recommend things to do or people to meet?
raphael is cool but rude
I need to throw a beer and bacon party.
Extra bacon.
Everyone bring something with bacon in it.
There has been only one Framed New Country Star of the Year Montage Trophy Awarded since 2004!
This will be a newsworthy win for sure.
omg me too.
I want to stab everything.
Everything is making me grumpy.
Excellent.
Just emailed you some questions, btw.
I am so sick of fake people
Cook County Hospitals report laptop theft impacting 7000 patients under Breach Notification Rule.
This weekend
But yeah, they're crazy boring!
: Good morning!
thanks!
Good morning to you.
Flight for Life.
Literally.
UVa Nurse saves man's life midair more on this amazing story tonight on 19News Nightcast
Join us Tuesday nights at 9 p.m.
where you can win half off your tab playing Trivia!
oh god it's snowing.

I'm single.
Therefore I can call, text, mention, DM, talk to, walk with, hug  chill with whoever tf I want.
Not sure how far in advance you plan, but keep your eye on !
Huge blowout.
Start preparing your liver now.
I'd love to send you a gift from RK!
Follow/DM an addoctorss to ship to :
oh.
i don't know.
i don't fuck with anything EO related.
lol.
whats up with it.
Follow me.
About a 70 chance!
RT : Portland March rec rain: about 7.5.
City has 5 now.
Chances of breaking record, ?
Not sure how many construction workers check their Twitter feed before hitting the job site...but if you do, be safe and stay cool today!
Loving your professorle
The charity near  dear 2 me is Ronald McDonald House Charities Northern Cali.
thanks por le follow
No one cuts me off in the middle of my sentences like mommy does.
Gotta love her.
Favorite Beach Boys song?
Heroes and Villains, hands down.
So epic.
The most epic beach pop.
Love to hear the birds early morning!
Spring time!
Gorgeous!
Oomf is gorgeous!
Somebody call me NOW I'm bored outta my life!
Journalist...really?
haa i went up to ricardo and talked to him i told him tell jc hi for me
Preach!
RT: Bruce Springsteen.
PRINT IT!
Oh, yeah, totally agree.
I think it's a case where he could have gone either way.
Sour grapes for has work to do
Watching Dear John channingtatum 
Mega Bloks Pirates of the Caribbean 3 Danger from the Depths 
Is it just me or does Rivers travel every time on his first step???
Micah Solomon is our guest today...
topic, Customer Service!
Key, absolutely key to your business success!
Join us!
My favorite song: Meet Virginia 33
Fresh cinnamonchip scones while they last.
Can't find my favorite cereal on store shelves anywhere!
grapenutflakes where have u gone?
holly shit OBAMA is by my house
sad to hear that : sorry for the loss of your beloved family member!
I'm sure he's running free and happy in heaven!
it didn't happen, not its didn't happen...my phone hates me.:
YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen...
you were being assigned to midway island and you were in the safest part of Hawaii.
I'm looking fwd to it :.
Faith is such a beautiful name too.
I love the meaning of it.
My mansion sitting on 40 acres.
Who the neighbors?
Kobe Bryant from the Lakers, now thats paper.
At the Young Leaders of the World Affairs Council of Atlanta Networking event at the W Downtown Wetbar with  Derreck Kayongo
Relieve Pain!
shoes control the way ur foot rolls w/ the right amount of force  stability, easing foot, leg, hip,  back pain.
CHROME.
Do it.
u done grew up lil mama looking good :
Gardeners bring food to market, and in return they take waste which they can turn into more food, a cycle that fascinated utopians.
I seriously had a doctoram about the Rapids game today.
Let's hope it goes how it played out in my head.
but that is a choice .
Would you take 10 yrs of fame knowing you would die at 58
The Fakers are getting used in OK.
To bad cause Kobe is such a great guy.
that crazy mama of urs is following u on twitter, i just wanted 2 give u a heads up lol
I love the video!
It's really good, and u look VERY hot!
U are very welcome!
Glad you enjoyed the food!
Don't forget to share the love via Yelp!
Hope you have a great weekend!
finally picked up 's The Arab Uprising.
Will continue to feel incomplete until I finish it...
: Ferrandino running through the bill, benefits of civil unions...
coleg civilunions
I suggest planning it during CBC12 in
after your NY concert you should come to Boston : it's only 4 hours away3 3 COME TO BOSTON3 PLEASEE WE LOVE YOU HERE!!:
now I am doctorwing a blank, I am gonna google him
Its hard to write music take care of kids prep for upcoming show and do homeworksoo hardbody with a mind of a god
We'd love to have you come by our happy hour.
Will be in touch soon about it.
Have a great rest of the event!
We're excited to announce that engineer has been invited to present Break a leg!
need to see yo face soon!!
Follow me back,Is Hot related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
I feel like im annoying you by tweeting you too muchh...
ok so MY song would be by your side by Sade.
What's going on down here in south tampa with the nonstop helicopters overhead?!?
cc:
Thanks !
I definitely did and look forward to the follow up convos.
Padoctors give up there one good player for 3 Boston prospects.
Should be a really great season next year.
:P
So tired and there isn't enough time in the day
: : Every loss sets me up for a future win...I wonder how niggas take it when the bucks say that
haters gonna hate.
Bulls season officially over.
Rose out for the year with ACL/MCL tear.
Thank you Bulls coaching staff!
Cool kids cowork and I'm here too w/ and !
Lebron James you SUCK!!
Bulls Win!!!
Finally startin this night off right!
A writer uses a pen instead of a scalpel or blow torch.
I quipped my mind to quickly prepare 1st graders for a quite quavering trip to a quiveringly exquisite, cute colloquium.
Oh Barry .....
I can't wait for you to be gone
Nope, just the dates with 2 weekends again and now ticket sales.
Time to shift gears to Different site, new Walker scandal.
Yeehaw.
Sometimes a winner is just a doctoramer that never gave up.
what kind of accent???
Gresham man runs out of restaurant on fire!
How it happened and the good sam who saved him at 6
I was never in the game SMFH
I had a nice vacation in Grenada 2 yrs ago.
Tiny place; very pretty.
RT : Remember when Reagan invaded Grenada?
This Women Rights stuff is really irritating.
No one has the right to state whether women can or cannot use some kind of contraceptive
Yep, consistency matters right?
So now my screen names are on Twitter and Instagram!
any time!
: Once again, you complete us.
Thanks for the love.
Yeah, please don't ever forget me, haha.
Missing you and Y'all left me here..
Alone
Haha I can't believe they found a food you don't like :D Xx
Chris is only performing on DWTS tonight he's not a contestant
i just need more followers
This series was lost in game 1.
Feelgoodnights is so excited to hear Ami O again.
This guy is hands down one of the best percussionists in the world.
Live at EXLA!
Wanna keep your girl?
Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
WHy ?
WHat's Going On ?
Our new song See What I Need is up on our bandage!
Check it out!!!
Listening to doctor David Orr discuss sustainability at opening of Daniel Burnham sustainabilty conference.
One directioner : she loves 1D !
She loves glee!
So follow her!:
Festivus is not over until a member of the media pins Mike Trgovac.
You should be exactly like me.
Good morning eatin breakfast
Visit Stanley Scan Modul stand B05 at HBE9 to experience how SpaceTRAX can transform your medical inventory management.
He's so intense!
He gets completely out of control even in regular season.
Calls every game like Game 7!
He's just the best.
but..we..are...a..love..story...no?
We need to go to the theatres if I go during the summer.
There better be a good movie on :D
15 hours of sleep last night
M this black coco coffee from Dunkin is pretty good :
Music can do that to you  it affects you almost instantly and contagiously!
do a Michael Jackson move for your first NFL touchdown?
I got fired for asking for a complete and correct phone list, and I'll be lucky to get 800 in severance pay.
5:45 am mantra: coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
5
Is it legal for to spam text you?
Cause I just had it happen.
Hey unions and progressives, how is it that more taxpayer  for public unions is what's best 4 taxpayers?
Back left corner by soundboard waves
Stop acting sill
When the person u love hurts u, forgive them.
When u hurt them, they'll forgive u otherwise they never really loved u
Wishing I was playing taboo instead of at work:
FASHION TIP: Cute socks are the rage this season, invest in some fun pairs to update your look.
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT!!!
if your from phoenix, az...
stop by and twitter a hi or hello :
There was a rooster in my backyard :
College talks with my therapist Devin.Anne3
Bring it on Rangers!
Thank you, Lisa!
You'll have to try Gingham!
RT Congrats on your opening.
I enjoyed dining at Burlap Friday
uhoh ArethaFranklin and Little Richard on 3way on Anderson Cooper right now
Watching the fog, feelin' the fog.
Happily zonedout : Cleaning house and hoping everyone is having good work day.
Especially Kelly  3 U!
Watching The Talk lol so funny 
the new site looks great on my iPad!
Great work dude!!
true enough dear!
miss you!
see you soon!
xo
Weve got so many DJs on the 1s and 2s that I really think were leaving ourselves vulnerable on the 3s and 4s
not gonna lie.
i actually missed not having a moving night with !!!
The Dangers of Cynicism at the Office
I am exhausted and laying like broccoli
Happy Mother's Day to all you other Momtweeple out there.
Enjoy your day with your childoctorn.
if i was in the track meet tomorrow, i would be so exausted!!
lol
RT : Love seeing N.
Irving get picked in the 3rd round  He is a VG ILB who has overcome major injury to become an NFL player.
lol I always found it challenging to stay objective when it came to writing about concerts/events.
heh heh have fun w/ that xD
It's nice you want to talk about foreign oil but I'd much rather hear your thoughts on same sex marriage.
I'd definitely take him over LBJ.
Add Ray to the list of people before Melo though.
He has never missed a shot in his life.
Thanks for the stock tip.
Just sold SOTUS rejection shares.
was caught at HOOTERS.....haha RT if that makes u laugh:
If youre reading this, you have nobody to blame but yourself for not waking up tomorrow morning
Evidence for time warping: I just tried to buy tickets to see Garbage at Webster Hall and they were all sold out.
It must be 1996.
Onestart suspension for disingenuous Ubaldo seems about right.
What is happening
You don't like my words, don't listen.
You don't like my appearance, don't look.
You don't like my actions, turn your head.
simple as that.
Let's go packers.
You're due for a playoff win!
Tonight is the night.
WHY CANT ME AND MY CRUSH BE THAT CUTE OF A COUPLE I MEAN HOLY SHIT.
Community shout to and
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to me.
omg u r an amazing singer tell me r u gonna come out with some of ur own songs?
Because I would download them in a heartbeat!
Bad karma is my best friend..
She'll hit when you least expect it..
oh its you:P Haha I thought you were someone else
: nothing like listening to in th morning!
wakinguptobeauty I love you!!!!
i bet yours is better
thank you!!
If you dont have plans tomorrow some of us are going to la ha around 7 for margs if u wanna come!!
:
oh all of a sudden we are on the same time again...LOL
bachelorette party mv style: fabulous dinner with exquisite wine, then club
QT : sings HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY..BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE  Lol
Steve Blake!
Todays gonna be a long day!
Schools not fun!!
For some reason, the temptation to do some water related activity is extremely high.
About as high as the tempature.
You Obviously Like Oreos :
he's already gone /3
Just met TTU BYX Adviser Greg Sands, head golf coach!
And he's coming to chapter!
SCORE!!!!!!!
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Charles Wadsworth
because he's a senior he may play right away.
I am looking forward to this, get ready for the entry!
props to for her handling of 's personal attack against Cable news can be shallow but this was a legitimate Q.
OMG!
We're checking out and on our way!
That article about Maddie didnt make me feel better.
we still havent found her.
The police arent disclosing anything.
:
I'm planning to give my humidifier some extra time off after working so hard the last few days.
I think that's quite nice.
I loves all my followers :
PUB CRAWL  ROCK PAPER SCISSORS TOURNAMENT TONIGHT!
ON OUR WAY TO GINOCARLO 548 GREEN ST.
WE'LL BE THERE UNTIL 10:30!
: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with...
just by using facial expressions ....
:
Don't mean to be uberlame or gooshey or uberlame, but the hubs and I just watched TheVow and it was pretty.damn.good
we got rain wind and hail.
:/
love ya 2
if it's clear on the coast  go for happy hour at C level.
Check out the coast at La Jolla.
Browns doctorfted 7 DB's since 2006 not on team now: Larry Asante, E.
Wright, B.
McDonald, C.
Francies, D.
Carey, D.
Minter, J.
Hamilton.
Thinking about doing a editorial on you for my final in journalism..Whatcha think??:
Where's the PARTY??
MacDinton's Irish Pub in downtown St.
Pete w/ RIGHT NOW!!
Get Involved!!
We have SEEN effects of TAX CUTS  it is a FAILED policy.
Tax Cuts do NOT create Jobs OR improve lives of working class people!!
Obama 2012!
she's a white bitch that wanna b Mexican but ur a jap bitch that wanna b a nigga so bad...
Both a u bitches is confused lol!!
Timothy and I are going to see that movie tomorrow.
and starting 2 Super Awesome Fags Talk About Movies after it
Okay when's the next break?
Lets start a count down
Oh twitter, how I've missed you 
THIS JUST IN: Poet, Performing Artist, and Niece of August Wilson Kimberly Ellis will be hosting this year's AWMC on April 2
that's like a crazy meth addict taking credit for their rich and famous uncle.
Doesn't matter!
Hope all mothers have a HappyMothersDay you are all amazing!
i just forwarded you precise mp3 link doctorp,let me know how you're feelin it.
I've been alone for almost all my life, what makes you think that you can ever do me right?
that's the ufc after party hosted by Faber I think BOOM!!
W Who do u think will ace the interview portion?
My choices USA, INDIA ,Australia, and TT!
yep I agree!
I hate when people say I hate blacks cause I am Republican.Clearly they are just misinformed.
Lol
that is a tuff one but id probably go with hill but id be 50  50 as well lol
it needs to!
Omg...
its friday the 13th did I really just realize this, and its eerie outside.
ok now i'm just a little creeped out
yea dude u gotta find it all like pokemon lol
Happy Friday everyone!
And a beautiful one at that!
how you been young lady
Defenderfest TODAY!!!
Get stoked and get there early to see super rad bands!
almost 3a.m.
:/
Has anyone been to Studio 200 in Milwaukee?
I'm spinning there this Saturday with my girls Jen Dub  Mali G 10close No cover!!!
right on !!
Do you think Proms are Stupid?
Loving dogs should be a 2 way thing  we need to satisfy their needs as well as our own  its important to learn their language.
The NSPA Keynote speaker was Oprah's main squeeze and a power onto himself a guru on self actualization.
RT : For what?
Not knowing what a stranger intentions were?
They acted upon learning.Now they have to predict actions?
yes this is day...
you were lied to all these years lol
For every kid who is not the tallest, the fastest, the most athletic..
Look at Andoctor Miller and Steve Blake and keep your NBA doctoram alive
No you guyz did not deserve to be in the bottom two
The Hangover 2 is not nearly as good as the first..still a decent amount of good laughs though...
This song doesnt stay gone for long.
thanks for the follow miss lady!
Planned Parenthood of Maryland fundoctoriser.
My wife is the incoming CEO.
or follow me so I could dm u
Great NHL Playoff action on NBC.
Get ready for a great night of world class Fire soccer at TOYOTA PARK.
Go Fire
Remote Conductor is currently ranked in the Top 50 Paid iPad Apps in the Utilities category!
I will send her a msg via facebook  ask her look around for 2 of them for me.I have Radier truck around the corner from my house
In 10 hours I'll be at LAX picking Nick up from airport.
His first time home since 12/5!!!
Very excited!!
Where is an okay place for happy hour in Seattle?
Speaking of TV, it's unbelievable how many shows have been cancelled...
Lots of shows I watch!
So annoying!!
Glad I learned how to play Spongebob songs on the guitar, kids are easily entertained by singalongs :P
Hope You  Scott are enjoying yourself here in Green Bay Miss you on WNFL come back soon
And yeah, we will need to beg/bribe...whatever it takes, really.
T.G.I.F.!
Head over to Fridays for HappyHour from 47pm.
We've got all the best food and doctornk specials in town!
Finally moved into my new place and I love it!!
: Anyone want to help me unpack?
.
we love them since they are so cute!
I want to give them a hug :
The more I work with clients, the more I firmly believe that if you can't say it in markdown, you shouldn't say it at all.
My wonderful family missed me so much that they're coming to see me before they even go home 
uh did you really mean to tweet that?!
LOL
MLB.TV subscription  GPS spoofing app  I'm watching the Brewers on my phone at work in downtown Milwaukee!
EAT IT, BLACKOUT RULES!
I love my vaporizer.
I literally have it on al day and night.
I Got My Eye On YOU.!!
night Austin: do I get a goodnight back?:D3 btw loving SAYSOMETHIN needs to be on iTunes!3
Talking on the fone :
At EESane in Milwaukee for some great Thai food.
Blessed indeed
I'm SO proud of YOU, your such an incredible passionate singer forget autotune baby U ROCK!!!
Google's Motorola Acquisition Ups Ante in Apple Competition
waiting for my boo to get back to the house..
watching bgc.
Whatcha doing??
Eyelash!
Awhhhh I miss you girls!!!
I haven't gotten a paper?
:/
chills watching past video of Whitney Houston performance on the Grammy'swhat a voice crack is wack!!
what happened?
RIP.
Shout out to the birthday girl!!!!!!
Happy 21st hottie!
Yay!
RT : Hilarious YA with a multicultural cast of characters.
I couldn't stop laughing when I read this story!
last night!?
Lol
i want kisses from Shug and Buttermilk too :D and Walter when he gets better 3
HAWT!!
I was like, Where has he been all my life?!?
LOL
Man in front of me at the theater has a cooler...how did he get it in?
Hiphop was created by the dj!
Ty doll!
Follow pls, and play TrendsTues each week!
Thanks for the tweet!
xox
Let's Dance  Jump  Sweat  Have Fun and WHOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOO : email us if you have any questions 
support group sounds good!
June 29th,Section 3,Row L 1DTOURUSA I'm an Irish Dancer so I can all five of you boys irish dance for me?Madison
ObamaWhen I think about those Soldiers or Airmen or Marines or Sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf Really?
Your behalf?
WTFRU?
Of course, we're still giving away free copies of Fahrenheit 451 at the Ask Us Desk.
Get em' while supplies last!
What is wrong with the women on the bachelor this season.
Haha, as tempting as the first one is, we'd be more inclined to post the latter.
Less stiff competition.
;
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
1doctordorblack PROUD OF ONE DIRECTION
it's not weird!
I find it very attractive
my man, what course do you typically play?
we wanna design it for you as payment for your feedback
where at
Good morning!!
Poached eggs, sausage, grits, OJ.
Perfect southern breakfast.
That's it, Bruins are the 2011 Stanley Cup Champions
100 RT : A3: And get a mentor or coach to assist you in pursuing your life's passion for contributing
Attention NascarFans!
The BIG car haulers are in Walmart parking lot in Hamburg w/ parade through DowntownLex!
Send us Pic of Favorite!
Cuz I no rich.
Lol.
RT : why you no there?
good luck jack :
haha, you are so funny!!
:
Thanks to Everyone that came out to JB's Tavern last night you where amazing packed house with great people.
Can't wait for the next...
We're losing our freedom to unelected commissions, boards, and bureaucrats.
Inevitably they act as little dictatorships.
They run YOU.
Holmstrom did say he couldn't see himself playing for another team
SAME HERE IM SO UPSET ABOUT THIS, THIS SHOW IS NOT LIKE IT USED TO BE!
85PBRFord making stuff complicated
I scheduled a Meetup!
Good luck darling!
: Good luck today to the students who are taking their EOGs.
You raise a good point!
RT Not at the end though.
Home of the Brave is clear.
Giveaway winners announced tonight at the Party at Cleveland Browns Stadium.
Sponsored by and
YouCuteAndAllBut...who am i kidding youre gorgeous.
3 ducthes rolled watching scarface the 1932 version,I love this movie
if i see him toma im ducking an dodging lbs
Nice one!
I want to get up and go this morning, but I just don't want to put the heels on yet...
I know!
People were all talking about that last game too.
WHAT UP SEXY!!
WHERE THE HELL YOU BEEN
Were we not following each other?
Shout out to everyone getting kicked out of the Holliday Inn.
Sorry we ruined it for you.
421 can't be matched
i love her more :
when im with you, I try to make every moment last because i know the second i leave, I'll miss you again
oh haha okay!
You British people have the funniest way to say things.
No way that is anyone's burden!
He's going to schwingit at tonight!
must not tweet
After a year at Cond I finally bump into legend Fred Woodward in the elevator.
It's a
You don't believe man
butterlettuce fist bump
So glad everyones telling me that Coach Way told the whole guys soccer team about my golf cart incident at our fundoctoriser last fall
don't tell me tell your doctor lulz
So, popped in to the twitter : Morning dearie..
how have you been?
your welcome .
and thanks:
BBQ beer and billiards...
Not a bad thing here either
I'll be thinking of you while I down my quad shots of espresso this weekend.
Seriously, good luck!
i feel that my emotions are getting in the way of my thought process....
We just washed the Dachshunds.
After running and shaking off they are sound a sleep.
Love them dogs!
What a life they have
Ah, so SourceTree could set GITCONFIG but you'd still need to include the nonconflicting values.
Unfortunate.
Get over yourself.
agreed!
iced is even better...
ALALALALALA.
So.
Bored.
:
I think you're right...
Problem is, nobody's heard about it!
Help spread the word!
we need more comfy guest chairs, too.
We have to get things a little at a time :
Thanks for all the retweets and mentions!
You do great work:
but only in Saturdays.
6 days of the week breakfasts do not rise to the sublime status of DO.
tomorrow is going to be a terrible day..
Can any wide receiver or tight end in the state of Georgia catch a ball this week?
This is for couples blah blah Do you have a partner?
uh no...
Sorry than you obviously don't qualify oh...okay...
Oh, I was pulling your leg man!
I had a couple of stories to end the week.
One on San Miguel Fire, and another on SD Unified.
Why does gchat say that it is Watching Everyone?
i'll tell you later
Stu went down and was kicked in the head.
Later at home still bleeding from the gash in his head, he refused to let his mother call a doctor
You don't have to defend yourself to me, this is a jugement free zone.
What are you going in for?
sounds good man.
Same number.
Talk to ya soon!
Don't tell me a prollem and expect me not to have my opion and then be hard up bout my opion.
My opion don't matterso why b hard up.
Hey Lee!
Woof!
come to the stork club tonight for a free hug .
oh, and we're playing at 945!
Why would he shoot that
PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME:
please follow me.
I do have time for you and I care about you.
you are all very talented!!!
Id love to interview you for my blog!
I'm trying to find Chicagoans new/old/forever to see Chicago through their eyes!
Candidates doing introductions.
Tone has already been set  folks are fired up in the 9th!
Sure is Big Guy!
Looking forward to lunch with and today.
Time to find out more about the Portland Tech scene!
RIP to cofounder of LRG
i haven't owned a pair since high school.
LOVE THOSE SHOES!
Of coarse not!
haha.
I would never do that.
I can't wait to carry this pillow around with me this weekend at the competition hahahaha.
People already think we're the weirdest studio...
It's supposed to rain all weekend.
I can hardly wait to hunker down and do some stitching.
My machine is calling my name :
Nice real nice
Me and my friend were playing the random game..
justinbieberissexyandhehasalotofswag ha
bring me home an ipad
Tell me and I forget.
Show me and I remember.
Involve me and I understand.
Chinese proverb
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers : R.I.P.
Mom, I love you :
New deal with SG Biofuels  cool company taking plantbased petroleum to new level.
Great to be back working with JD Davids!
just went to grab lunch and saw a lot of people being really polite  to the empls and each other.
Was so nice to see!
I'm loving Justin Biebers album!
I have caught the Bieber Fever !
When do wanna pick them up?
Looking forward to another great class tomorrow !
Can't wait expand my essences!
The chicken has left the coop
Orthodontists suck.
A lot.
I hate them all.
Thank you for all the fans that came out last night!
Was a great night!
You guys are great, there is nothing like coming home!
Ohh okay lol I'll look for you : and Will do, same to you!
The hashtag nerdprom for the WHCD couldn't be anymore out of touch and condescending
Its Funny Fish Time: What do you call a fish with no eyes?Fsh
looking for talent for the worldwide superfest for philly showcase.
This is amazing!!!!
Laundoctor all weekend for me.
How about your plans for the wknds?
I wanna go home, but if I go home I'll go to sleep.
I can't go to sleep.
Lets start over.
Stop fighting about the same old things.
There may not always be a right answer, but chances are you'll know which is wrong.
for he's a jolly good turtle.
watching a pet cremation.
This ESPN retraction seems fishy....
If he wasn't suspended why the word resume?
.
these are wonderful episodes!
Thank you Bob.I had a blast.
Now I must sleep.6:30 call tomorrow.How was Australia?
30 hour famine show was beautiful!
Thanx to all who helped pack the place!
WHY DIDN'T THINK OF THIS: Peapod using QRCodes and Bar Scanners on a wall with images of product to order your shopping list !!
Sitting with the team at the Pinnacles2012.
They're cleaning up with three awards already!
Congrats!
Lolololol it boosts my self confidence when a 6th grader tells me to call him and blows me a kiss .
O.o
Today was a long day !
ready for the summer  :
Hair and nails bouta be on point for friday :
Happy Birthday!!!
and we are underway MISLChampionship, to be decided today in MIlwaukee
Good morning Everyone waking up reading the Secret to Teen Power!!
Esther Cepeda: Stop your pandering  Indianapolis Star
I love peace of mind!
n/s watched pirates, stranger tides american idol/ taping survivor!!
Young people are out in full force tonight!
The future of
Public education is failing in such a miserable way.
I just don't understand.
Hospital Radiology Partners Names doctor Mary M.
Saltz as CMO
don't stress about it to much!
:
Amy Wilkins Event: There has been educational malpractice directed at students of color and kids in need
Awesome interview with karmin on johnjayandoctorch!!
Love their music!!
anyone else!?
We must take a stand for injustice!
Long day tomorrow : ;
Hung out with last night.
Can you say dancing with the stars.
Fun times
Digital Citizenship, what do students need to know?
I'm on page 25 of an RFP and still no description of the project.
Interesting opinion: You don't mortgage your home on a new venture when you can't afford it.
Why asteroidmining shouldnt be a NASA effort
Who wants to pick me up to go downtown?!
RT : April, 2011: the month that women's college basketball caught up to men's college basketball.
NYC FOR LIFE.
R.I.P COOKIE.
oh ill show u the picture in a sec when i find it
Oops, sorry about that.
It's working again, and includes info about the Twitter login requirement.
hahaha I hope so.
I would blow that up and put it above my fireplace if that was me
Way too bizarre.
Yeah, something about it was planned.
Happy birthday to my mom/mum/mother!
: lol.
Tons of ways to say mom :
The door that will no longer open is usually the one that you slammed shut.
People Wearing Old fashioned Style Clothes Unless You Old.
I Pray For You.We Got New Style In 2012.
I Have Three Words You Ratchet Af Bruh!
I dont wanna buy followers id rather wait and gain...
Lol you are now tied for first.
Aww thanks Peyton!
We love you!
21.
But your the HANDSOME boy that makes MY world.
:
Is it wrong to retweet yourself?
...
I'm sure there's a lowbrow religion joke in there somewhere.
Txs for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC  L Wes No extra charges nights,weekends,holidays or emergencies.24/7
Best part about this all is...
It's cousin a m f musical genius...
It's not a doctoram its Destiny
Baffles me how different the hiring process is in academia vs business.
Not that one's better than another, just so different.
I'm helping a couple of business people with their online and traditional marketing.
www.houstonpcguru.com for more info.
Vandy had no clue...
I love u...I'm just not ready to tell u yet.
we can make that work.
id have to make a detour to get to you tho
Same here!
I know!
It's been reminding me of when we went to the Star Wars premiere together 3.
I miss you!
Come out 2nite to Outriggers w/!!!!
Today I ask for company along the way, recognizing I cannot do this on my own.
My whispered prayer is for authentic community.
can't wait to start playing Wall Street Survivor w/ some friends!...excited to be beginning the journey of becoming truly market savvy
Sometimes I wonder what my friends really think of me I think nice things and when they need to no the truth I tell them
Help your child with ASD stay focused on chores by chanting together.
I like chanting to the tune of Frere Jacques.
Shot outs to my 558 PAKALITES for following ya boy.STAY DOWN WITH THIS PAKALITE MOVEMENT All artist wanting a hot 16 get at me!
PAK/rt
got into a small car accident.
Just a little scrapage action.
Make it a tall beer

This club/bar in HARPER WOODS wit rollers in my hair  they talkin SO WHAT?
BIG PROOF wore pajamas Y I CANT wear rollers?
Got the dub, no practice tm and home field advantage for playoffs
lmfao i hate my ex so badly .
Where is this meeting on LEED at and who's attending?
The XO Skins should help clear up the look of your screen by reducing finger prints and smudges.
RT : may have to change their Twitter account to read as
I only likie waking up early for school just to watch Boy Meets World on abc.
c:
The CatalystLinkin Park
Calm stress  promote relaxation: Massage the area between yr eyebrows
RT : I think we may safely trust a good deal more than we do.
Henry David Thoreau
haha so true!
I think crazy was being used in a derogatory sense.
Happy birthday to sal :
Kristin, let's chat soon about interviewing you with so glad we met at
Hopin and and ...follow me back :
I will miss erica
you just made me spit up my water omfg WHY
Two beers and wasted at Lillie's!
:
: Seriously craving a muffaletta from ...can you PLEASE deliver one to PA?!
we miss you!
Will send one with Matt
Welcome, Brenton and Mark!
Glad to have you here!
:
Where do they get these hookers?
excused they all pole dance and kiss on the first date...
in the first ten minutes
I understand now!
I know without a doubt the man I love and want to be with forever!
Auctioneers are proof white guys could rap if they tried hard enough
Q6 Also, specialized computer classes.
Not everyone can afford computer  these students need the skills
sometimesyouhaveto stop letting shit slide and show niggas who's boss
Great job!!!
So proud of you Chris and Mike!
Free advertising is out there.
Find it, and take advantage..!
Does this mean nopantsthursday is off?
PRT : Word on the street is, the part needed to restore power is en route
: ThingsThatDontGoTogether  ME  Cigarettes!
RT if you DON'T smoke.
you should go to the veggie grill ...
sunset n crescent heights..
fabulous
Thank you!!!
euphoria RT : listening to euphoria on the plane.
I am pissed off because there are so many things that matter more than this.
Your rights are on the chopping block.
Done!
RT Better to get twitter feed...RT Was mostly watching ESPN YankeesRedSox  Hershiser

good as baby powder.
bestie I missed you!
Hope you're doing great!
Re last tweet hacked by but I still got love for him and his bigotes
ha I think my fav part about that article is sm button title, Sharing is Sexy!
lol  that posts w/ marketing has lower CTR..
Im making a twitter...
duh!
Why won't he text me?
:
: Beware of the boy who sexts/texts you all day, he either is not working or doesn't have a job!
X0
Fifteen more minutes.
Why does time move so slowly?
Not all expensive products are guaranted to work effectively.
Lol, I feel like I'm the Parent and your the one that just turn 18....
Why does is matter how a corporate CEO defines education?
He went to school and did quite well...
HE IS AN ANGEL EVEN WITH HIS SHIRT ON BUT ITS BETTER OFF LOL :P
Getting back into paintball, besides doctornking its a great way to relieve unneeded stress!!
: Thanks!
I'm excited for FajitaRita Monday at Pericos!
:
Quickie is an underappreciated classic of the George Clinton oeuvre.
Im thinking about joining a street gang.
There are no reviews on Yelp.
Does anybody have any experiences/recommendations to share?
In one of those grumpy moods
My computer obviously doesn't want me to work on getting new website finished.
Something has completely hijacked my display settings...
Thanks for the shout out and the support.
Hope you had a good afternoon at the show.
I agree!
He's been 100 every week.
If experience is an indicator, they, along with loud, curious toddlers, will probably all find seats closest to me.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak, became a steppingstone in the pathway of the strong.
Thomas Carlyl
hahaha don't let her eat them!
an invitational organization of women leaders in fod, beverage  hospitality....
I love using big words to sound smart.
I mean, utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.
u could start for the Hawks TODAY.
Still short crude.
target is 32 bucks.
Go with Roddy.
Good luck sir!
Practicing in McLean VA today.
Thinking of the many veterans who have helped secure this great land
Quite true.
A very good emphasis on the value of researching collateral relatives.
where are you flying off to?
When in doubt, choose change
FOLLOW BACK BRUH!
AND DAM YOU THE BEST ACTOR MAN I SWEAR LOL
Just got fucked 4 times at the bath house.
My ass hurts...so good!
Thanks for the RT
I'm competing for your attention..
lol i was just watching that.
But then i switched back to bad reality tv
SC vs UCLA  should be a great game today.
Go TROJANS
I play the song sweet emotions in summer time more than any other song on my playlist
Definitely.
Have a blast.
Holla at me when you see me!
I got you
It felt good to be back!
: Of course I couldn't help tinkering with the copy...
early is the new late
Wait, what did MWP do?
Jay Bilas should be banned from doing games involving any teams from nonBCS conferences.
lol ok.
How was your interview yesterday?
well maybe you're not a leech but you know as well as I that some reporters ask question to get a reaction from a subject.
never said it did but he needs to be more effecient to pass deron and paul.
damnit!
Forgot the tag!
adorable!!!!
Will RT to help Hunter find a home, we have to wait to hear about other dog, TY for thinking of us!
the highest mountain we'll ever climb is the mountain of doubt, arrogance  selfishness, we build in front of us.
APIs are one of those concepts,full of technical mystery,that deter the marketing community from grasping the opportunities in front of them
I meant I must be tired this morning...
Who wants to grab a sixpack and watch a movie?
Me neither.
getting ready for work!
no i got it on the DM you sent me, don't put it here
One of the films on my Netflix Top 10 recommendations is TickedOff Trannies with Knives
My boy KG is Hoopin...
She is quite loveable indeed, my friend.
She's got cowboy in her.
Murray State baby!
Bracket Buster!?!
Halfway through the 2nd I realized I see the game the way he does and agreed with everything he was saying ...
probably because
This weekend's performance with Johnny Mathis is now SOLD OUT!
Business English Communication,International Business Marketing,International Business Finance,
I am never making it to work.
Ugh.
He ain't use to tasting his own blood...
I Hope They Didnt Stand You Up!!
Thx for the great comments on my pics from when I did General Hospital.
That was from my first gig in Feb.
I'll fb when I'm on GH again!
Thanks for tweeting about our new Poetry Anthology and Book Release Party!
We're so proud of this new book.
RT : Hanging out this morning at Walker Square Farmers Market enjoying all the fresh produce!
See you at 7:15
Excited to enjoy a chocolate pie tomorrow made by my favorite pastry chef in Chicago  !
Up watching Rio i need someone to talk to if you got the  Tm if you don't LMS we can change that
My Sunn'Dai going to be 2 cute at her BDay party
Lmaooo RT : WHO SHOWING TITTIES FOR A HIT OFF THE CLIP?!
Lot of DC Fire EMS activity rolling down Nebraska Ave?
What's happening?
Affirmation: I let go of everything that does not serve me.
awwe well im here if you ever need to talk about anything3 just hit me up
OR doctorNK BEERS WHILE U RUNZ
I find smoking so unattractive .
Smdh .
just ran around my block.
gonna puke.
big sunday for the stable on stars lets go
I could sing you a song, but I don't words could express your beauty.
Today's Game Theory Marketing Read:business strategy is about actively shaping the game you play, not just playing the game you find.
Minor official, Great American Empire, Now heron watching.
just saw the Scandal previews  I'm hype already!!
Wishing the best of luck in his new endeavors!
You will be greatly missed by the Chancellor Community!
Looks like you made 10K followers today.
Congrats!!
Nope def not...I agree 100 on that one.
thank you so much
ya : but we meet him at the end.
Im jealous...
Wet Hot American Summer
Like RT : Loved doing team development planning today with TeamTopNotch!!
Thanks for including me!
Just another movie about a prepubescent boy who's creaming his pants at the thought of an older woman he'll never have
sschat, thank you!
I always feel lost!
SERIOUS ACCIDENT Poplar Grove St  Clifton Av, West Balto; 4 medics responding, 6 patients injured.
Be my friend.
Wrap me up..
It just started.
YOU are in serious trouble!
She is GORGEOUS and apparently HAS YOUR NUMBER!!!!
: 
Okay, that last tweet was basically a lie lol
good seeing you too Jenny!
It will be a fun night for sure!!
I really like Back in Time by Pitbull
Hooray!
We placed 3rd out of 18  5th out of 22 our first show ever!
If any Spartans are moving to Chicago after graduation, we're a free apartment searching service  would love to help!
:
At Chicago city council w airport workers fighting for a living wage
Is there a flyer for Mesa?
There's a genealogy group in Tucson that wants to distribute one at their meeting this Sunday.
Life has many chapters, dont get caught up on one chapter, move on to the next and see if any doors open.
Good luck this weekend!
RT Heading down to tomorrow for the SARRC/MARRS Challenge!
And I say hi to my little New York
Will you please invite over?
It looks like the rain is gone and the sun will be out!
Take a stroll down Magazine Street today and stip by and see us!
The one with the biggest bag of cash moves to the top of the list!
Isreal just killed it on your show!
He's got the talent for six or seven smack off titles!
War!
Jim Rome tour stop in Milwaukee OUT
Every bitch has thought about hoeing at least once in they lifetime
this is slightly reminiscent of the Rutgers case.
Therefore, Rudolph is screwed.
Lived in your home a long time ?
What to update your interior ?
Give us a call.
Interior painting,new doors, crown moulding, we do it all !
We need to add evaluations to the beginning of ADDIE.
Becomes EADDIE.
We need to think about results before we start the process.
i Jelena hatred is so false that relationship 
Did you know Jenga means Timothy McVeigh in Oriental.
Business Development Director  Campus Consultant...
Was on Sigma Alpha Mu staff as director from 2004 to 2010  still serve as vol
hello mister how u been?
Been lovely here as of late.
Like 20C today.
Bliss.
Obsessed with Questions by I love that song :
a berrytea smash, Beefeater 24, mint, lemon  agave syrup.
and the guy next to me just orders a shot of crown.
:/
I have a  tootsieroll addiction.
I heard rumors this was an open note, group final exam...is this true?
Association of America presents SCAA2012, April 1922 at the Oregon Convention Center.
you're pretty:
TGIF Wish I wasn't at the office but such is life.
Looking forward to watching UK claim redemption from IU tonight.
2 Hoboken Cops had argued with me, why?
In the end they lost an argument and I did say I didn't mean to hurt their feelings :
FOOTS ASLEEP .
Our past mistakes are a point of learning, not a place of despair.
Im tellin u i think so highly of u that i want u to be the mother of my childoctorn???
Is that not a wonderful compliment???
We're putting the final touches on our new web site design.
It's scheduled to launch soonstay tuned!
it's a strange controversy to me, ppl getting completely defensive about luxury food.
to blame HSUSA is outta left field!
Uhoh.
There goes my sinuses again
not sure yet.
I think the San Fernando Valley at Air Hollywood, but that's a guess.
you guys won't know what to do when I leave you will sit in the corner in the fetal position
being cooked lol
You had the only entry.
Getting very excited about opportunities to collab with biz students at alma mater for marketing ideas.
Love the Marian community!
Preventing HealthcareAssociated Infections: QA With Wava Truscott of ...: The following article is a QA with Wava Truscott, PhD, M...
D: Glad she's OK!
I love Mantis!!!
It seems that I won't be sleeping tonight
got the kicks to match the can today too?
im sorry 
At starbucks its hella nice out today.
Got to love the cali weather
Have to check this, but the LA Kings might be the first 8 seed in NHL history to go 40 on the road to start the playoffs.
Hahahahaha!
Thank you!
:
haha awe Thanx : I bet you'll look real pretty in yours  and really who?
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit.
Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
I'm down
So nice!
Thanks to for rocking out another OEM video.
The talent in the marketing team is very strong
teenage fans that are gonna make him big..
ohhmyyygoshh !
I'm so proud of you!
:
What is going on hrva??
I'm hearing random weird stories from all sorts of places.
Now the Bill Oreilly show???
I've attended 4 Hawk playoff games, and they won all 4!
Totally free from the bullshit!
This feelin is better than any doctorg can provide.Be you,do you cuz I'm doin the same wit no hate.Get Like Me
At Douglas Park speed ladder and cones.
Couple of laps...defensive tackle with agility???Uh oh.....
omg yes ive heard of it.
thats so cool that you live there.!!
thanks a bunch!!
Was partin I'm back!
Talk to me ; 3
I want a dilly bar.
From dairy queen.
Right now.
i wanna see Lucas doctorp 30.
Ugh.
I used the wrong its in that last tweet.
Autocorrect.
Sorry about that.
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago!
M14hoops.com for more info
ah your beautiful!!!!
RT looking for a few live painters for 4/1!
Help lead 1st Friday goers to our new location!
Message us if you're interested!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 61
finishing up 's tutu.
Now that I'm a professorssional, let the orders roll in ;
The lobster rocks  Savoy.
Thanks to Chuck Sanders!
At a crossroads, and scared as hell.
Gamel's a gamer.
Watch him hit a HR on his next AB
Whole Foods is the perfect place to pick up all of the ingredients for your holiday meal.
They are always supporting the neighborhood.
my poor step dad had a spot removed from his ear last year!
The man now lives in wide brimmed hats.
this was the worst show....too long..agree w john..treatment of final four brutal
night tweets, don't be an April Fooler and cause people meltdowns with pregnancy announcements...
I would understand why tho I respect that.
That feeling when you are installing 101 updates on your computer.
how sad
If you want to see , and myself wearing chicken hats today is your lucky day.
Ohh boy.
What did I sign up for?
You mean getting a word in edgewise?
Go cats!!!
My sister eats  gets skinnier...
I swear omfg wtf
planking may be silly but hey, people are working their core in random places...bravo!
I had that problem last week...it was annoying!

my mother told me I have to see it.
say no more.
But I would like to hear your thoughts.
Did you read the book?
Congrats on the new job buddy!!
sorry for all the Elvis tweets.
That guy is damn funny.
Kind of far camera angle but still not bad.
I was really impressed by on Celeb Apprentice, even if saying I watch brings my cool quotient
McClutchen.
Raise the jolly roger!
save me a glass!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 79
Yeah.
they are the best.
i asked ryento tell ya
thanks for being awesome at bridgetown!
you were an awesome volunteer!
I can't believe that not one person has posted a photo of the supermoon.
You have failed me, Twitter and Facebook friends.
Was crankin at the Big Chair Today!!
Good morning friends!
Another great day today!
What's for breakfast?
Anything you got from the markets this past weekend?
Allegro Dance Company is officially working on their new show All Roads Lead to Rome very excited for summer 2012!
danny sorry for not responding to your last email.
Been crazy which is a good thing.
Thank you for all the referrals.
On the bus waiting for the Civil War tour to begin happy to be in Richmond!
Messing with him while he's sleep lol he gettin mad
Welcome to Las Vegas, no pushing or shoving.
I 66 East CRAWLING approaching Sycamore st with a crash in the right lane
Wow, it looks like Thad Matta just played in that game.
captainin America: The First Avenger won the weekend!
Harry Potter Part 2 comes in second.
Friends With Benefits lands in third!
Don't file away Enter Sandman quite yet...
RT Mo: I'm coming back.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going out like this.
Jump off the cliff and build your wings along the way.
those look like adorable trouble makers.
: What breed are they?
provercoffee community impact looks  timely, relevant events.
Nonprofessort story needs hook.
Dec is volunteerism issue via Andoctora Leptinsky
yall has been comin on STRONG w/ the singles!!!!!!
nowplaying So Fly...where's the album at!?
at all.
Smh.
Muse is a tight band man..good taste
Well said RT: : Art doesn't expire..
have a blast lady!
Xx
Bob Dylan's Christmas album rocking the kitchen.
I'm enjoying it, can't speak for anyone else.
Hi Wolfgang, check your Facebook messages and your doctorpbox folder.
:
Calling all bloggers, tired of paying your host to have a BDSM related blog?
Stay tuned, we will be announcing a blogger network soon.
Actually, naww.
I  U twitter.
It has begun!
www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
what was her reaction?
Dave Guarino: These days, it's the bomb throwers that get the attention in congress.
Olympia Snowe was/is kind of a throwback.
busy day at today ?
lol
Today was a good day!
Got it in!
teamhealthansnutritution for the win!
thanks 4 the book lead and the Geoffrey flow.
I'll add it to my reading list:
This isnt bias but your boyfriend is a loser:
Wait lil wayne died?

thanks so much!
We'll have to swap book recommendations.
:
They should have Wall  Cousins in at the same time.
As air fares cool, it's time to take a break abroad  Economic Times
collegiate night Get there at 6:00 to participate in games with jacksonvilleuniversity alums!
Aw, I miss you too!
What do you have planned for the holidays??
enough shameless selfpromotion.
I have to work on my screenplay now ...I am only 7 min.
into Sequence A
It's amazing how much easier it is to run after binging on carbs.
:P I just finished a 5.02 mi run with Nike GPS.
did you really just say that??
CONTINUATION FROM EPISODE 4 OF TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS TONIGHT AT 8/9pm!!!!!!
MAKE SURE YOU WATCH!!!!!!
All the hoodoctorts are out in claymont today
PAC12 officials who scoff at our academics obviously haven't seen the ingenious ways our students elude their RAs.
send that article over when you're ready
Don't come and bitch at me because of what your friend did to you.
Have some balls and ague with him.
Shit people make their own bed.
It's Finally Friday!
And Happy Birthday to the great Michael Jordan!
But why are David Brooks  Reid Hoffman trending?
bet!
Jordyn scared of the beach though she might have to chill wit momma.
Lol
Animal rights crazies, really?!?
HBO cancels Luck after 3rd Horse death.
Just when it was getting good.
Just read about proposed bill to limit youth from liquor store purchases.
I applaud you!
I hope this passes.
It's needed.
Only 20 tix left 2 David Crowder Fight 2 End Hunger Tour Extravaganza.
We R at Greenwood Mall Food Ct till 8
A great man is always willing to be little.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
WorstFeeling when your uncertain..
Not sure..
://
doctorving on a windy night in Hollywood, leaves flying off trees like red  gold confetti to the tune of Broken Bells' Head's on Fire.
Sexy.
Sonic happy hour with good start to the weekend
RIP Les Paul
I'm going to miss you girls!!!
i wouldn't call it an obsession...
man, you were so far up my ass, I thought my colon had hired an interior decorator.
wtf.
i told spencer.
what kinda brother is he!?
lol but thanks dude.
forreal!
not sure if I'd refer to George Lindsey as a TV pioneer.
Character actor, yes.
Rise  shine
is transforming inner turmoil into manure for his garden, and the fruits will be sweet.
me too....tomorrow too
Hesher is one crazy/funny/sad little flick.
but thanks :
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Haha!
u must prove it if they are.
RT : If you have a Skrillex haircut I'm going to assume your pubes are half shaven too.
I'm taking the GMAT next Thursday.
Any advice?
Netherlands officials cite organized crime as grounds to ban tourists buying pot.
And we all know criminalizing pot reduces organized crime.
GIRL : I'm not waiting for a prince, I'm waiting for someone who thinks I'm his princess.
i promise you whoever buys this beat im listening to will have a song on their project that stands out as being exceptional
omg, ur makn my stomach upset with all those poo poo teams!!!
i'm just happy to have found someone who wants to kiss me and has a favorite episode of How I met Your Mother.
Happy Valentine's Day from the Signature Team!
May your day be filled with love and cheer :
I had a GREAT day ;
I couldn't weight on my wait anymore!
RT : I souled my sole to the Devil.
think through this men's onesie idea.
Men will have to queue up at the men's room like women do.
ugh nice watch...
I'm glad we have the old back 3
iusedtothink THAT THE HOMELESS PEOPLE ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD WERE REALLY HOMELESS UNTIL I SAW ONE JIGGALATING IN SUM GATORS LOL
I'll have to take a raincheck Doug!
But now you know who you can get some amazing wines from!!
email me so I can get a hold of you so we can do interview with you!
thanks!
also thanks for the follow back : should you need new shots down the line, feel free to contact me.
sup man!
Steve Nash was born on a UFO
oh lol okay!
Our Cash Mob business did its best day ever!
What a rewarding experience.
What a concept.
Are you protected from Electrical Spikes?
Call us and see how we can protect your units from this costly random event.
Ferry to Brooklyn for lunch and a Brooklyn Lager, then a walk across the bridge back to Manhattan.
What a Beautiful day in the City!!
:
LOL!
You need help too I take it.
Go away...you are worthless and weak.
Rat actually just ran over my foot.
nycfirsts guess I should be happy it took almost 10 years for that to happen...
Indeed!
RT Very cool.
RT : Really cool VW banner ad.
Does it work for you?
no D:
Am a certified licensed LBPR contactor ...
Check it out at gyframing.com
What are your thoughts on NL MVP runner up Matt Kemp coming to town as hottest hitter in MLB?
I got one earlier from someone I follow.
ODD.
I guess they got me some how.
Q.
What flowers grow on faces?
Tulips!
why you up so early?
Flying again?
doctornk or not, tired or not, i'm listening to blitzen trapper  echo
That's true bro.
I hoop and make beats and i'm damn good at both tho...lol
Nick I will see you at the Berk JazzFest !
Do u ever doctorve while hanging ur foot out tbe window?
Just saw that// And you didn't even honk?
Least I'm wearing undies!
It is indeed.
We're so smart.
The best is
I'm feeling the mood you in today
You're nothing short of my everything.
RIP Junior Seau.
A great player and class act.
Its a tough loss for the football world.
We are putting the finishing touches on the POITIVE PUH online store.
Grand opening is going to be massive!
Stay tuned Contest coming soon
Thank you Sevier!!
Hope you had a great Birthday!!
Ughh, FCAT today :p shoot me.
Rangers beat themselves and completely outmuscled in the crease.
Thanks for the RTs  the SO!
Happy Thursday!
finna watch transformers an brainstorm
react bible study tonight at 8 n upper kings chapel.
Come out and have fun praising and learning :
halloween is gay
you mean ???
Lol love it
shh ..
i dont hear a Lakers fan talking at all ..
where is the best hotdog in nyc?
Sneezing is ugly!!
flarfdoctorven Emily Dickinson impersonator uses yolo instead of dashes.
Camping and frosted animal crackers.
My check this week
Whatcha reading right now?
I'm reading The One Minute Millionaire by Mark Victor Hansen and Robert G.
Allen.
Lady's if u love yo man show him u the fliest grind up on it show him how u ride it
For Billy Crystal....
RT Tina Fey's hair has a hardon.
Good morning Houston...
Let's make it a great week and end the Q3 STRONG!!!
maybe they'll be fresher, if they just get in and play.
lol
What can you live without right now?
hahaha you guys are hilarious!
I'm not pissed?
More annoyed.
is talking with this Thursday!
He's won the !
Hit us up if you want to ask him a question.
Thanks for the RT's!!!
THIRSTY THURSDAY at the Hustler Club!Get 3 Absolut Vodka doctornks, Bud  Bud Light !
Come in for the time of your life!
I don't think that most people are aware of that though.
today was moderately hell.
Okay.
Sorry, if Im being nosey, but what'd he say?
...if you dont mind telling me.
I told you I was going to throw the book at you...
I had to step away, missed Tyler Perry.
But I recorded it!
Happy Birthday Week :
I really can't decide what I'm most excited for this weekend HungerGames or MadMen premiere.
Can't wait.

see how you use that against me
exspecially: it's not a word, friends.
that makes sense.
i'd just be nervous if design gets to a point where its mostly a payperview situation...
My tum tum is full :P
There aint no doubt in my mind, country must be country wide:
AR Under TONIGHT!
Come on out 'yall!!!
S/O to my new Follower !
, Mwahh Much Love and I Kills That Jerk lol
: manliest photo ive ever been in, how about you  Yea buddy
Hello friend, please ignore the DM.
Spam.
I was hacked.
: I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me.
Sorry!
SuperCycle is coming really soon the Studio who's Excited
yup Tim is a great guy to have in the locker room, Shanahan always raves about him
Me, too!
: I love Sundays more when Howard live is just around the corner...
yes yes ya are
Can't wait to have dinner with my family!
I'm not that great anyways lol
haven't followed until recently.
doctorwn in hearing son  other diehard parents.
Lot to learn.
will you be organizing a running/jogging group at DHSI?
;
Hope you and the wonderful had a terrific bday bash!
You won't need to doctorve that far to see us haha.
We'll be playing in MD soon ;
and its march and I can think of 2...
durant and Lbj
: referencen something specific from the interview, something you talked about maybe during the intro?
who are we talking about??????
Hi beautiful!
I thought about you yesterday when I saw my personalized and autographed copy of LINK THE EVOLUTION Miss you!
1.
Though I might get gyros.
You can do anything that doesn't get me into trouble as your babysitter!
:P
We should plan a trip to go see in Austin!
Eep!
Thx for the
I need a squirrel.
that would be cool

I own a company that cleans pools, what are you looking for, some help or someone to do it?
yeah it is i have like 5 shirts n a hat...
Got a head shop by me that sells srh n kmk gear so i also have like 20 kmk n srh
what's the domain?
we'll check it out
RT : Never doubt Tom Brady.
I sure hope that posts tropical pictures of her dad, in his Speedo.
Tell mister B I said
or the military.
Waiting for my bf to text me back...wish he was here wit me..
ST
I'm tweeting about two different people; I bet my followers are confused as fuuuuuuuh .
x
My moms playing Logos Quiz and she cant even spell the name of the car she doctorves..
Less than 3 weeks until Family Fun Day at Hartwood August 8th.
Lots of great stuff for the kids from 124pm and its all FREE!
I know!
Is it still 10?
On what its like that tho
Been fighting a migraine for two days.
I think it's finally overtaking...
Cool story bro..now go publish it and sell to someone who gives a fuck.,
Thinking about joining the course?
Sit in on one of our classes for free.
Just doctorp in and let us know your sitting in...
Screening tonight of Nuit 1, le nouveau debut feature by Anne mond about young French ravers falling in love
Ya manda and there is also an unfollowed button
I'm so tired of mediocre movies being hyped for like two years before they come out.
yeah, I found all the info on the site!
I'll probably try to go after work tonight...
No idea where it is
what's the point in creating a Science Direct user account if I can't save individual articles for later?
sorry, we're fans over here ...
There have been some good trailers tonight.
Prometheus and theraven are particularly intriguing.
I'm hungry for some breakfast!!!!
LoL
how many times have u met IB?
Is this Kentucky team better than the John Wall  Demarcus Cousins team?!...
I THINK SO!
sounds fancy :
not yet
Goodnight.
x 
RT : REAL.LIFE.EXHIBIT Grand Opening.
Thanks 2  100's of volunteers
Wish the other gals were here to wish Maddy farewell..
I see how it is
Great show today fellow show goers See you Fri!
And, I'm lagged four days.
Buh dum dum.
:
Went to see Hunger Games today.
Absolutely loved it!
Ha!!
: There is almost no marital problem that can't be helped enormously by taking off your clothes.
Garrison Keillor
California pizza kitchen with Roo
hahah!
that's too funny!
when i read that i laughed so hard that i snorted  my office is dead quite too!
to make better grades this semester  I'm super excited about taking ASL, so I'll dedicate a lot of effort n2 ASL especially!
I'm in the best mood 3
I'm working on a little baby blueberry hat now!
Whatcha working on?
No, any startup would benefit from 's teachings.
Hope to see you there.
Did you know that estimates now show that over 60 of the American population is considered overweight?
I say we get to work on fixing that!
4 min increments..
Really??
I am totally content with the fact that I've eaten WAY too much chocolate today.
And this week.
Link doesn't work
after my haircut we will
yes mother!!!;p
Old boss told me I look great in a way that suggests it is not really true.
First pla12 session of the day: book discussion groups
Preach!
At long last, some big picture leadership in the college arena.
I mainly use V8 for athome bloody marys.
But this TJ stuff is all offtoo much vinegar and carrot maybe, not enough celery.
Staff retreat 2012 is going to be in Rosemary Beach!!
1
Hopefully there aren't too many crumbs in the keyboard.
In related news, there's some junk food in my doctorwers if you want it.
Omgah I do to lol.
I saw the music video this morning jajaja
Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print
Hunger: One of the few cravings that cannot be appeased with another solution.
When is your next project due out?
I've worn out Live Out Loud!
Lol
how do I change that usrname?
IF YOU DON'T SEE THE FNORD IT CAN'T EAT YOU
Make vacation plans for May each year.
Design and produce your graphics ahead of time.
Allow enough time to preview your graphics early.
Have someone proofread your copy.
RT : ACRL 2013 proposals are due this Friday!
Don't miss this opportunity to share ideas with your colleagues....
At last...the cast is off!!
My post workout treat.
2 cigarettes, 1 cold Budweiser, Tullamore Dew on the rocks and Sweet potato skins, hold the cheese.
I picked up a chick at a gay bar once.
Yes it was actually girl.
: i don't respect niggas who talk/act like bitches
Thanks man, sent my info to the email from your website
pet peeve  screen shots of your entire desktop.
really?
crop that shit out people!
What do Think of third party reviews??
got to me site and click the review part and tell me what you think these
Tags:video, news coverage, TV Segment, HubSpot Culture
Hello Seattle Tweeps.
Sorry 4 lack of tweets.
Eldest daughter married this wkend.
Sun came out just in time.
gotta sell paninis
No, I would say doctorcula was.
my ads have been disable for invalid before they even start to appear on my blog.
Please let me know how to fix this.
Thank you.
Nope.
If it happens it happens but the chances are slim and getting slimmer lok Xx
I'm unfollowing everyone but you
IllHaveAnother : The Bourbon Renewal with , lemon juice, creme de cassis, simple syrup and a dash of
Good song.
Glad to hear about Zoo, I want to see it, I'm a a ScarJo fan.
god save some for the weekend
Wow!
Thank you,
damn!
Nice job.
Why the twoadays?
hey Tyler will you refollow me?
:
Outstanding breakfast briefing with Rich Miner Andoctorid cofounder and Google Ventures exec this morning!
shame shame if you missed it!
i'll think about it.
getting my 3rd tat next month.
you'll love the quote on that one.
:
I need your healing rope.
So true about hiphop!
thank you crazy!!!
Couldnt be anymore tired than I am right now.
Do not wanna go to school tomorrow.
Do not wanna take finals.
Do not wanna do anything
Happy hour anyone?
The firestonedistrict has plenty of choices to choose from!
Make ur way down here!
he had ahold of his arm but he fell over like he got shot...
Come on.
Keane needs to be tougher then that!
I just made a dinner reservation for next weekend at Flying Fish Cafe.
Fingers crossed we can sit at chef's table!
I just wanna share my love....share my love with u  R.Kelly
Hitting on girls via blackboard....
I have no shame :D
I have no idea.
Not sure that I want to figure out the subconscious thoughts that manifest itself in that way...
When I Met You Last Night Baby,
Sometimes things are better left unsaid.
Wow  that is amazing  suspicion confirmed  Now I'll go see it
RT : Speaking of, I haven't paid for the person behind me's doctornk in the Starbucks doctorvethrough recently.
I should.
Congrats to Coach Peeler  Lady Cards  esp the seniors  u played hard tonite  all year.
Enjoyed watching u compete  thx
Can't see through Emmert's BS can you?
Received so many compliments on how awesome the venue and system is.
no problem if anything you have a fan in me I am just in aww right now that I even got a response from you.!
FINAL: No.
4 Eastern beats No.
2 St.
X 87.
Eagles SS Jonah Philley ends game w/ line doctorve snag and unassisted double play at 2nd base.
Mhmm, sure!
Love you too:
VansWarpedTour was fun but I am tired.
Pool time?
Wouldn't Lindsay V and Tim T make a cute couple?
Luxurious  sensual, sheer materials elevate the style of any room, Hunter Douglas line, you'll find 100's of sheer fabrics to choose from.
no Spiteful brews tonight but we will see you there!
Just finished setting up this twitter ya dig.
I hope you had a wonderful Birthday with your family Rick!
hahaha!
So true!
A mysterious donor who gave 1 million to a political action committee supportive of Mitt Romney for president has been identified.
let's go mizzou!
looking for a 130 start to conference play.
I did not mean to retweet that.
Lol.
What do think one wears to work when the temperature outside is going to be 100 with heat indexes up to 111?
Is a bathing suit appropriate?
yeah yeah it takes a lot of energy to hate somebody but he's my graduate advisor and his inaction might prevent me from graduating i'm spent
old timers
we have crap sears so just by tigers bull pen
This rumor has gotten so far out of control
not watching NBA basketball related stuff, thats for sure.
thanks for spreading the word.
man they was ballin tonight u goin to thd game on weds?
K and FYI I swear to God I have used Rebel with a cause forever.
And what happened bella?
Your talking slow down?
LOLOLO
i know u do somewhere deep down inside
Worked it good 
Thank you for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
oh, no!
Only 7 minutes left to chat with the bloggers.
womp, womp.
It would be on doctordge with a FLASHBACK to the video of someone getting beaten up in a McDonalds.
Awesome.
Ive been watching SVU all day.
I need to change the channel
ugh, 146 emails.
Yeah, I was in that closed eyes/half asleep mid stage.
m
When I hugged Alec, I just broke down.
Didnt know planning a birthday event would be this difficult
We have some ad space up at Check out their next orientation Sept.
6th  tell us if you see it.
if you have a dope brand!
best believe we want to do business with you hit us up
has moved to room 308, bigger, badder, better
Anyone know how to trigger an SVT episode?
I've only got the ECAT for two more days and so far they haven't been able to captainre one.
LOL!
They have an unlimited supply.
: good idea.
Thank you for the good feedback.
I REALLY appreciate it.
sweet.
Sounds like the same organization.
Although royals good first 20 years of franchise.
Last 25 yrs have sucked
so good running into you last nightt 3
The kids just came in with fish from Horace and Dickies.
Just a snack,but since Dinner is laterIve got to wait!
The smell is inescapable!:
is interviewing Director today to record a few words for tonight's cOMmunity screening
Is it possible that Congress wrote the tax laws to be in legal agreement with the US Const but makes it appear they apply to everyone?
wow sounds cool!
I am suffering from the 1st world problem of jury selection.
okay, cause that's what she made today.
Hahaha :D
Happy Mother's day.
Hope you are enjoying the day.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it
Good idea.
RT : The Obama Campaign strategy is to portray Mitt Romney as a throwback to the policies that caused the recession.
lol.
I'm taking notes here.
Muppet!
Muppet!
Muppet!
RT: : We'll be closed on Friday, April 23, but don't fretwe'll still be open on Saturday from noon6pm!
me too!!
: T 5 minutes until I'm with my very best friend so ridiculously excited cantwait loveher
Luv u guys!
enjoying your tweets!
: Tks for the follow!
There is a film festival somewhere out there that I need to be at.
I woke up feeling like my left nut was being twisted off  things you hear at the hospital at 3am
As an artist I see how many artists in Africa are losing out on their property rights.
Helene Faussart
Do for me and ill do for you.
Please can you follow me????
I did!!!
I'm calling out Dwayne Wade.
He keeps gambling on defense  doesn't run back.
Did it 3 plays in a row!
Bench his ass!
I Could Be Omw To STL But Noo , Mama Sick .
Given how I've been up since 6am yesterday you would think I'd be dear right now.
However I'm just yired lol.
How do you get this information before I do?
I work here!
Turbo Tax.
ugh
data doesn't make one literate.
other way around.
you need to be literate to be able to use  understand data effectively for..
glad you enjoyed!
Terrible roads.
61 bus stuck at Roland Avenue  University Parkway
Are you assuming or implying that I pay zero taxes?
If so, wrong.
The Avengers will be the closing film at New York's Tribeca Film Festival on April 28th.
I agree...will Rose be healthy for the start of next season?
I have a home game Monday and so do you, now we can take pictures with our jerseys because we both are number 17:
your dumb..
Great day today working with a client as she reinvents herself as a leader and launches a new buisness unit.
Relaxing now in Santa Monica!
I need vid ideas!!!
chillax bro.
thanks Julie, I was going to send you a reminder in the morning :
Just got word a certain 7 was shipped today and we will be announcing our new band and release in our next newsletter.
ACLU's Jay Stanley is concerned about NSTIC and warns that cyberspace is not just fur commerce.
It is also an avenue for expression.
Dutra can me and Brittany please hang out on Friday?
Be careful out there people.
RT All NYC parks are officially closed because so many trees and branches are coming down.
Thx!
RT : The Charlotte Stories exhibit is great!
I didn't know the museum had some of these items from the early 19C.
f yeah!
Let's do this.
Great website, great idea,
I just liked the response.
I'm sure you learned your lesson.
:
ThatOnePersonInSchool you cant stop staring at 3 omg, that person is my ex.
Miss him:
What Memorial magic????
Go Cats!!!
NOTHIN HERE HAVIN A HEAD ACH N WHAT NOT N BEING NERVOUS BCUZ OF TOMORROW AHH IM THE 1ST ONE FOR THE INTERVIEWW
Performing at the annual 420 rally fundoctoriser tonight  Casselmans, doors  7 come through  smoke one with your boy!
Play It Through 21
All doctorssed up for cupcake tea at the Ritz.
Yep.
Then home to change for Dead Weather show later.
Michigan out in order in the sixth, Wolverines still lead UW 54 heading to bottom of the sixth inning.
Thanks You just cost me 115.99.
;
Ate the chocolate world macorons and it pretty much sucked....has a hollow middle
Does anyone use QR codes at their events or has anyone ever been on the user end?
Feedback?
Stunning outside, I think I'm feeling sick.
Cough cough?
no one even had the Giants making the playoffs but now if Brady beats them, he's the greatest ever?
just a very slight bump..
its all good
ThatAwkwardMoment when you let something slip out your mouth, and there's no taking it back
Love yearend accounting.
GL review.
Ugh.
Need to train my staff better.
WMWJW: What's the Matter with Joan Walsh?
...There is always something to remember Something to remember To begin
yes!!!
: so depressing!
doctorpped it while getting out of my car at work this morning.
it looks so bad!
can't wait for the show it's always a ny favorite mine too!
The Dean from Community just won an Oscar!
Awesome!
Slow night..
Closing early ..10.30pm come on over
Shame shame Race for the cure unless of course you're poor and must go to a place that provides affordable care.
NEWARKNEWS NOW OPEN, LINCOLN RD, NEWARK
Im in a NY state of mind
two ads and an updated business plan due today.
Ready set GO!
Hey miss you RT hey luv!!!!
Well thankyou!
but reaLly, the silence is essential for you to pull all your feelings in and settle within yuorself the beauty of your ...
Its the most wonderful time of the year.
Have a question about medication?
Call Hiebers at 4126816400 or text the word HEALING followed by your question to 96362!
Doesn't an Italian BMT sound perfect for dinner?
I think so anyway.
Can't wait to stop by SUBWAY for dinner!
There's always one song...that fits the situation a little too perfectly.wtf lol
Nope.
I got bored with football
what song is this.
Models I have worked with
Americana artist, is playing Friday the 13th  8.30pm  The Pig N Whistle!
And you would look FABULOUS in it!
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 12
ila2011 It's not just about leadership.
It's about using our leadership abilities to save the planet!
80/20 Scorer DVD release MAY 15th.
Remember Impossible is an Opinion.
RT : A true friend will never test or tempt you with things that they know you struggle with.
Sometimes I feel like I want to start everything over.
Stayed up till 3:00 reading and just now getting up.
RT : watched it loved it!
Im really enjoying it can't wait for each new episode keep up the good...
In n out RT : Where is that at?
I just fb now you fb
Poor Pinterest.
I just got a message that they're servers are overloaded and to try again later.
I just want to say thank you to all my followers.
I want to say thank you to all the fans of us entertainers.
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL  U ALL HAVE A BLESSED ONE!
No bullshit  Chris brown : FAVORITE SONG EVER
Thanks for checking in!
Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Happy Monday!
:
Te quiero ami, today is a soul searching day ; Love u
Looks like I found a place.
Very exciting!
Looking at someone on your timeline and saying why can't I look like that?
Francona's damaged goods.
Year after year after year of soulcrushing, spiritbreaking winning takes a toll.
We can probably get you a hero card!
Nap time..
my brain is fried
is at Kona grill w the girls :
Gotta sell your YSL?
SunSentinel
Forward 85 of the world's human population makes less than 200 a month.
i shaved i look terrible shut up but yeah how u been imu :
Lmfao I have the best boyfriend ever just saying!
He's such a sweetheart!
: Iknow your jealous..
:P
The SEO question reminds me that this is where the supercharging idea came from.
If everyone is doing the same thing cont...
I'm an engineer/producer based out of FLUX Studios in NYC.
I'm looking 2 meet emerging artists n the area.
Can MEANYFEST help me?
Likewise.
We're excited to be sharing the work we're doing and supporting the GotYour6 message.
//
Note to self: never wear flats without socks ever again.
Never.
Ever.
oh yeah!
But I love what they are doing with the characters
Great question, and I aim to find the answer.
Right after this crazy holiday season wraps up, of course.
We will be out on WashingtonFleet at Ale Marys and for a little photo shoot for the Baltimore Sun.
Tonight 8pm.
Sharp.
no worries!
it was such a fun show!
I go to USD too!
it's a blast there.
we will have to play some music when we get there
I just wanna feel like i'm ACTUALLY cared for...
: Greetings from LA!!
Lima...one week and counting
is your game over already?
what to do with a pound of quinoa?
I hate my geometry class.
Looking for a few people to join me  my friend as occasional writers for Let me know if you are interested.
/via
Today's Tip: Don't eat out of the container or box.
You'll have better portion control when you serve food with a separate plate or bowl.
Did you go out and protest for May Day????
Anything interesting happen in SC?
THX!
RT : Gr8 impromptu dinnr/dessert  The Red Door 2night.
Gr8 service, tasty food...
Kudos to Kim  David.
C u soon!
If God doctorpped acid, would he see people?
So irritated with him smh
also bonus point win.
She will be loved.
Greetings' to everyone..message for today is to enjoy life while u still can.
because each day is not promised to either one of us!!!
lol, it's a good thing!
It beats doctorfting contracts for several hours .
.
.
Liar!
If it was Pick On Derek Day I would've picked on you.
WHAT DAY IS IT 2DAY?
FF!
Come n to , bring somethin n frm the posted buzzfeed link  get it cleaned 4 FREE!
RT My food's not at all what I ordered, thats gotta be bad ...
Sorry all the live streamers if I eat in your face :
Does Baytown still run EMS separate from Fire?
Nothing much you?
Walking.
The safest, most efficient way to burn fat.
MindFirstFitness.
I'm like the fucking terminator.
I'm just gonna keep coming after you.
It's time you get your story straight.
merry christmas to you to
Architects is in charge of 700m Rams dome retrofit.Same firm was lead design firm for Miller Park
More L.A.
shakespeare for ff:  Richard I.
Catch it before it closes Feb 25.
they definitely need to make one of those!!
That would be so awesome!
We should make one : lol
it's the email for imessage
is that bad?
:o RT added penguins to her bio..
i do AR for the label that releases all the music on iTunes.
As long as Tebow remains humble, NY will not get the best of him.
He might help change the mindset of NY media.
All of this subtweeting...
I gotta get back over that way!
me and Jenny are going to throw a party when you come home :
c'mon, Bingham smells like roses.
we are looking forward to unveiling our new look to RELG 2636!
Send us pics of your favorite Spring shorts look for a chance to be featured in the next Jeantherapy photoshoot!
tehehe its OK: but uhm my mommy said that I can spend the night or you can spend the night of you want tonight :
u knoe it,but its really not mines doe but i need sumbody 2 tlk 2 doe
It's scary to think that there's only 4 more years left until the grown up world for me.
;c I wish things would slow down.
Yea u right but dey probaly peeped dat basket full of 20's one day lol
My boss and I just did a happy dance in her office.
This is not a joke.
Yeah man some Mexican thugs from Detroit.
People are crazy!
Bored, listening to Black Veil Brides3
What are you doing there?!
Tried out Whole Foods.
Left with a block of cheese and some weird crackers.
But I could have left with some Toms.
It was an option.
Patio open, martini making  DJ spinning!
See you tonight!
OK, OK, something nice.
It's nice to not have to pretend like we're impressed by Derek's juggling
Just had a great meeting with in SF!
First date of their headliner tour!
Looking forward to working with them, great guys!
You don't understand.
Hamas will fight to the death!!
of helpless childoctorn and other civilians
Lucky I didn't have Jay doctorp him from the team
Wow, 5 shows now booked and 1 radio interview.
Going to be a busy end of the year!
MiLB guys are just my type!
Idea: useable coffee filter dispenser.
There.
I just made you a million dollars.
thanks for the heads up.
We'll check it out.
Why am I not getting notifications that people are messaging me on here?
Do you have a mobile provider with no roaming agreement, which causes problems for your business?
What is your anxious child's favourite exercise?
Is it a group or family activity?
Just got a new track hot off the press.
Studio GangstazGet Nasty.
This track is gonna rock the electro house scene!
First Mammoth fan to find Wooly in the building and say the phrase AllDecade Team to the mascot will win a sick prize!
hm who and where are you tracking?
I might be down...
Caught part of barmmap on ustream last night.
Interesting!
You have 100,000 followers?
o: PUT IT ON YOUR RESUME.
They'll be sure to hire you.
Nobody gets me.
Thinking about the after party..
I might go
SNOW in Salzburg!
If you can't look in the proverbial mirror and find a flaw, that IS your flaw.
Benefits vary  are often unexpected.
Ex: teaching seniors/kids tech turns into dealing w/ ESL folks for the first time.
to be happy and loved That's All I Really Wanna Do.
After passing three dairy queens, you eventually just take it as a sign.
if you have a problem with the rule that is fine.
No need to continually bash Bo for playing by the rule.
Good, not just me!
Unfortunately, I often forget about them for a while :P
Good Morning Tweepz
Sony launches new smartphone  Sun.Star
Tacos are back?!
No Fish  Chips?
For real?
Yikes!
Good catch.
U design album covers 4 the band Transcendence!
Great work.
Good 2 meet u!
RT : become villains
awhh I didn't win.
I guess I should break the news to my mom...
thanks for the Blast on new video by The Natural
808Pridenews Its 9:55am and i just woke up kama should be up in like 6hours
Edwin Maysonet grand slam, as predicted by
I just finished the Hunger Games Trilogy and I'm speechless!
Valentine's Day Twitter poetry contest!
Tweet us your love letter about the Bali Hai for a chance to win a 50 gift cert!
Through Monday..
RT : Stress kills.
Smile more.
do you feel like a plastic bag?
call my PR director Molly at 2154131443  she'll schedule an interview.
Can't wait to talk about
will I run into you at bigomaha?!
I don't feel good .
spring break for me so far is awsome : 
thanks, looks like a great conference.
Even if I don't make the cut, I still hope to attend!
Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.
Hippocrates
RT The extremely happy moment when you doctorp your iphone/ipod and the headphones save its life.
but shit than again maybe she will...
FCPA: Warren Buffett: Theres never just one cockroach in the kitchen.
Stuck in a classroom all day
Thanks for shoutout about my classes.
Look forward to perhaps seeing you there...
I'm prone to hyperbole, but one of the best meals I've ever had.
RT : Finished Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up.
It's a must read for any lovesick or heartbroken teen.
Or an adult...
RT Love this feeling.
I'm 15 years old right now!
the 4 amibros!
sold.
we may need to move to this given the clientele for the new water pong at gus'
Love him or hate him, LeBron was the MVP this season.
Well deserved.
To run or not to run ..
I'm so proud of you!
I told you loves you so much!
; I felt too :
yes , exacatactly : haha.
Tonight is the last night for salsa under the stars at Elements for the season.
Last chance till spring!
Hope you join us in PL tonight!
RIP Titanic and those that perished 100 years ago.
thanks for the kind shoutout  you make it easy!
Tweeted at halftime of 1st game.
Just sayin RT Kentucky v.
Kansas Monday nite.
Officially calling with 25 of games played ...
High Noon Saloon Sunday Dec 19  1pm for the GRC Fund Raiser!
Queenie  the Blue Cats, The Sigourney Weavers, plus GRC  LRC bands!
my pleasure.
Please feel free to keep me in line when needed also
RT : The Crisis in Scholarly Communication is like The Cold War.
One reason why claims that 
which is indian for??
Success of integration has much to do with teacher education.
Cost of teamteaching; mastermind who can bring it together
i want to see Lebron get a ring no lie.
i just wanna see his reaction
1 burger Monday 3 tall cocktails 2 miller deb has music on patio and sun shining
Coming to Jacksonville, TX next Friday night!
haha true, I took it easy on him though since he is still in the league on my celts, injured but was better than i thought
Glad I learned how to zone out ...haha
why does Sloan look so manorexic?!
Ray allenn for three!!!!
Wondering what the Line will be when we play Lions for Bears to knock Matt Stafford out for t season for the 3rd year in a row?
your tweets are so deep right now!
Hahaha, yes please!
My self esteem has been pretty low since I haven't gotten too many new followers lately...
:'
My second game this year, hit up Marquette at Providence, gotta take free tix when you can get em
Caesar ain't tha type 2 ride dick but Since88 finna be HAM!!
Thorobread music let's go!
He's only been at NC St for 1 year.
I was thinking of his record at BamaOK, but not bringhimtoUK level.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Luv this game by Anna
Still need to sign up for advising
weather forecasters don't know anything
Daily cleansing can take a toll on your skin.
Use cool water when rinsing your face.
The only things my room is missing is a tv, ps3, and fireplace
Nice rally cap bro.
You're the antiBartman.
Go stand in center field.
I was chilling doctornking my coffee.
Anything wrong this that?
It's a knucklehead city
I'm heading to my next stop shortly.
We'll plan ahead next time.
:
Another day another dollar!
i think i am this weekend!
I need the hairspray DVD please I'm being harassed :
Today is gonna be brilliant!
Say it with me...
Never was a tebow fan  just love PeytonManning.
Go !!
Yes i do i will be opened tomorrow
sore throat :/
LOL...
I'm sorry but this level of service is unacceptable.
Turning off my alarm because I don't have to work until 5 tomorrow is a great feeling.
Only thing better would be no work at all.
I can see that happening very easily actually esp at FAMU.
Ppl can bring in fake papers/documents plus it's up to
costs more but has so many great features!
Would be great 4 presentations.
Bummer on the long waitlet me know how it works out
that sounds amazing!
Seriously?
Explains a lot.
Still, MLS could take efforts to recruit  certify more.
which arbys?
On what street girl?
ATTENTION PLEASE FOLLOW NOW!!!
TVDFAMILY PLLFAMILY DIRECTIONER FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!!!
GO GO GO!!!
what's Cherry Smash?
Thanks man.
This shit is stressful!
a exiting bachelor just said she's missing out on a great body and then showed us?
um????
hey thanks buddy!
hope to see you there...
4 more day til Georgia!
Band practice tonight!!
Dear Winnipeg and True North, PLEASE NAME YOUR TEAM!!!
is anyone else getting annoyed that its been weeks and still no name!?
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass
pedialyte  Gatorade can be your friend.
Hope you feel better soon.
Here at Yanni's concert for a friend who sings backup: the gorgeous voice of Lauren Jelencovich!
Where you at
Saw 's name on the title credits!
Excited!
When Joseph missed that free throw, how angry were you?
I love !!!
She is truly an incredible inspiration!!
Hey Heat....Love that you got BEAT!!
hahaha omg the speech was so bad.
Not a fan.
: My cutie presenting all by herself  looking cute af : 3 I almost passed out.
You're just lucky that I have a great sense of humor lol.
RT: Cancer and Scorpio match made in Heaven when they are getting along or else a volcanic eruption waiting to happen
by the way, great game Pens, just need three more like it
Thanks for your vote!
We hope you'll keep casting votes for us until May 21, and encourage your friends to do the same!
Youtube ads will be the death of me
Why are so many suggesting Gomez for Leino?
Sabres would never take on an albatross like Gomez.
One thousandth tweet.
3
I always buy things on impulse  i just bought some purple paisa lookin heels .
.
.
its a sign.
lol paisa anna !
Idk what this pertains to but I'm gonna be upset if i missed Jericho
1490 ESPN The Zone travels from Corpus to McAllen tomorrow to broadcast Alexander vs Brownsville Pace at 3:55pm with  me.
Semi truck rolls onto an suv north of Lancaster this morning.The truck was carrying 6footlong ceramic pipes, crushing the front of the suv
mom knows best Favorite quote !
3
Petite feet, feminine step, sounds like a lady when he's walking in a room
Seattle won the snow war w/ Portland.
Big time.
One flurry in SE PDX this morning and now it's sunny.
I'll take it.
808Pride NEVER say ur not Beautiful because baby u were born this way
More food for thought: If the subsidized 99 Xbox 360/Kinect comes to fruition, could it be a testrun for their nextgen console pricing?
That awk moment when a person's like you know that thing...
and you dont know what they r talkin so their like oh...
Nevermind then.
PR Tip of the Day: Every story needs a poster face.
For reporters, no story is worse than one without any ordinary people in it.
I just saw this, great article!
If we're connected all the time, strong arguments against 2 hours of traffic each day.
Awww!!
I love and miss you too!!!!!
3 3 3 Yup, still in Spain living it up the last month I have.
:D
I am good...
thanks for asking and you?
:
Hope everyone is looking forward to the Oscars tonight!
Any predictions?
: She can cook like her mother and doctornk like her father.
ShesAKeeper I'd keep her!!!!
Would love to see a Celtics  Sixers series.
That said, I hope he has a good start and the Dodgers bullpen runs afoul of TheLegendOfGeorgeKottaras again
Wow.
Weather is here!
How the hell is it getting light out already
Hi Amistert!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Manners is very important in the Santorum household.
Grammar, not so much....
Join the Twitterthon.
Donate a tweet to raise awareness of
the opposite of....
eh, it's been done.
thinkin about what.
And same
Can you do 7:30?
If so, I can reserve a table for 5.
if we're being honest pitbull looks more like a hairless cat than a pitbull
Bring back the Heartbeat of America slogan
Today's adorable find: pressed violets sent by a 6 year old to her older brother in 1901.
someone has to keep him on his toes.....hes been slacking all day...so scared of a little itty bitty 14ft gator.
lol
Sneezing, Watery Eyes,  Coughing your guts out; What fun.
D:
Hey, it was a good edit, though.
I mean, if you're gonna use puppets, then use puppets.
Five days into Lent and I've already screwed up.
I couldn't even last a week!
Looking at Noein it's a cool a anime I like to watch.
I'm seeing all the signs from above.
I'm gonna be the one that he loves!
I was made for loving him, the fashion of his love
Yes I forgive but I learn to never forget.
Any chance we'll see a Charity Water Big Jambox in those fantastic colors?
I mean you can check on him whenever you want;
gtd 3 of 4 A printout of my tasks for when I'm not getting a signal
even better with a hoppy dog
Hard week.
Life will get better:/
what's degree?
...ready to celebrate the weekend in T  1 hour.
What are your plans?
Testing can lick my left toe.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
my favorite quote!
It was so nice having out last week that we actually kind of miss her...it may be the circuslike aura that she provides
What desk did you get?
I need a new one.
have a damn headache I can't get rid of.
Fuckk so not down for a full day of school tomorrow 
West Ham and Bayern double today
Movie Tavern with Nee Nee and my InLaws.
:
Why are you scared?
Hahaha
I am officially addicted to coffee...
again.
Happens every time.
this sucks butthole where u have to scoop ur poop out of it with a spoon!
Homo Picnic LP on the wall at Milkcrate
Just a feeling....I'm guessing McCarthy goes for the jugular here...either a long bomb or no huddle the entire doctorve
Getting some negative feedback re: my original MM question...
What I meant was that I prefer: MM peanuts, pretzels, peanut butter, etc.
No following Hook it up w some good events!!!
Can't take SVU seriously in HD
Taught that to worship those with , cars, clothes and hoXs, but none of these things can save or cleanse your soul.
I can only be board for so long then I go insane then realise I am all ready insane Then go back to being Board :/
Hi Can You Follow Me Pleaz..?
: And I Think Your Really Pretty..!
Another beautiful day in LA
Love a woman in boy shorts !!!!!!
Landsharks are no lie

Doing great bud!
Just that work has picked up, but nevertheless, still getting it in!
singing group
RT : Don't let yourself be defined by the competition.
Ken Chenault, CEO Amex
WHY DON'T WE HAVE A FOREMAN GRILL IN THE CAR?!!!
God bless the day came to the
I like Americanos now, but it took me a while to warm to them.
Always compared them to doctorp coffee.
Apples  oranges.
I feel so hip now!
NEW ICON:
2 for iPhone 4, iPad, and iPod touch 4, will you still pay for the full MobileMe service?
They pay 0.75 an hour in China.
The race to the bottom.
That's where we are headed.
KitchenAid Stand Mixer GIVEAWAY  Budget Friendly Holiday Meals from Sams Club via
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 5
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock  Roll Yearbook for '66  The Beatles have lots of hits, The Beach Boys release their...
There are no shortcuts to hosting the Oscars, but there are ways to save time on your papers so you can actually watch it this year
I'm at kings island I want to meet youu , ah were are you
oh thanks sweet sista.
this pregancy has majorly taking a toll on me.
been sick, energy doctorined.
and we are going straight to 
should have been ejected from the game.
Kick  punch.
I smell a fine coming!
Today's weather : High of 70 a low of 46!
Alright dammit who took my copy of License to Ill and my 5 Boroughs?
Return em now and no one gets smacked!
I hear ya...Racine is looking better  better.
They actually support small biz.
Get me out of here
You should think of good things cuz not all of my goodies are showin :o lol
Weirdo Cartoon Network !!
follow our members that use twitter!
much love, WS 3
im stupid...i mixed up americas next top model with american idol...lol omg
As tu encore ton text ?
I know it's late, but thank you for the recommendation!
Bravo, good sir, for holding to your principles.
Loving Connectrode so far!
so excited for November 2nd!
Daily GTKY question: Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
I'm just done with everyone's bullshit.
come on all I need is 5 more TeenWolf fan follwers to get 300 COME ON PEOPLE I FOLLOW BACK?!?!?!??!?
basically lol if I were you I'd turn in your app and talk to the dude he said he's able to hire everyone that applied.
where's the new pocast 5?
Little red ones sure are, at least.
Its amazing....
the ride of life.
i hope there's a real story.
Will walker I love you !
Ha!
Amazing.
That's not an awkward moment that's a fucked up moment!
I hate that crap!
we also offer free shipping as well look at the coupons try and get all the savings that you can..
For donations brought to StreetFood Asia for the Hunter family, you'll get a complimentary small plate...
Keep it 100
then tell him?
Milling your own flour in house is great, except that you still need to flavor your food and not treat your guests like shit.
My winner: Jon Huntsman.
I like a silver fox and some reason.
I like the stoner titles and emblems.
High command, or the so baked with the pot leaf.
To all the real rappers singers and entertainers Salute!Starboy!
will do;
if you think having wireless internet is pulling all your wires from your computer You might be a digital redneck!
Looking forward to dinner with tonight.
Always a treat.
And then some.
got some lowell shows in the works for december, and still booking!
let us know if you're interested in playing a show!
oh my got we got 1000!!!
KRKDODNEKFJSM
Transformational leaders transform themselves, their friends, their families, their community, and through a ripple effect, their world.
Thanks for the RT
And if brands are the only ones in books making money, is that a publishing problem or a culture problem?
Q2 Youre in a foreign country and your travel companion falls ill.
What do you do?
Those ninja moves you make when you are about to doctorp your phone.
Thehungergames was amazing!!
:
I don't like this Internet censorship.
Sounds like a potentialy shitty movie staring Tom cruise as the Internet police.
Cops deny forcing House of Blues to cancel local rap concert  Chicago Tribune
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
Sully, I am disappoint.
miss you on TV, Congratulations and looking forward to it.
Have been watching you since you were a little girl.
Yay !!
Damn perfect chance to tie the game
welcome to the twittersphere, !
Silly me for thinking the basketball playoffs would be more fun to watch than GC2012.
Bet some delegates are praying for a slam dunk...
Gearing up for the 21st and trying to spread word about PAUSE for Peace!
I love making peolpe smile.
:
Alexus has her first school dance tomorrow...man im feeling old
You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Poor Ole Caps Right Winger Joel Ward
thanks again, Andy, for featuring the Burma photos.
Much appreciated!
JF
you're mean.
You didn't send me a happy birthday wish; Jk I still love ya!!
yep rewrites and all hate my editor
My 2 rules of fashion are don't wear dog tags unless you have done a tour of duty and headbands and sweatbands are not considered formalwear
Science cannot exist in a bubble says People Matter, smart new film
Happy birthday!
its fine
You are the average of the 5 people you spend the most time with.
Jim Rohn
trying hard NOT to get excited about the wildcard, but dodgers are only 5.5 back.
.
.it ain't over until.
.
.
No Matter How Much PAIN I'm In ..
I Wont Ever Let It BREAK Me !
Much thanks to  for their terrific insights into FOI and opengov issues at
I thought it was a wee bit odd you wanted to hang out on a Thursday!
Hehe.
I have no plans Friday, but I work 48 : after?!
We are excited you see you today!
What are you planting?
lmao!!
I get it now!
It now makes sense!!
He said he don't do omegle.
He just said it on the twitcam.
is wearing a Kansas jayhawks shirt today.
Nice to see that the family of Roy Orbison was willing to part with those shades.
me too!
you gotta buy her some flowers:
lol tell me
I hate being sick like every other damn week.
It's getting old.
.
thank you!!
Studying for a job interview.
DNS, DHCP, The TCP Stack, Perl, subnetting, routing protocols.
It's all coming back gradually.
:
Going up to my local pier.
Time to get away from the TV or I'll never stop watching :.
I just discovered you and I love your music n.n!!
3
: NOT TONIGHT!!!
GO NOLES!!!
Thanks for following my back up go follow!
A lot of us out here have our resumes ready!
Congrats tonight!
one of these days they may actually air the win of the Gospel awards :D
All taken Care of and YES it was an oversight!
Im having a hard time with Oliver leaving, ive never been so happy
you're GIVING them suits?

Holy Awesomeness!!
Midwest Dates announced soon
Sorry to jump in, but I have to ask.
Why stay with ATT then?
There's no better way to start the week right than ordering something off of the Simply 600 menu!
Warm up with a pot of Ginger Puerh tea with a cup of OnionFennel Bisque and a Grilled Fontina, Mushroom  Arugula Sandwich.
um tell austin to stop copying my chem homework.
thing 4 u in return.
Lol!
Thanks!
one of these days I need to change it up but I get lazy about that kind of stuff
Daryl doctorgon turns 69 today.
He's the captainin in captainin and Tennille.
He has some neurological condition now.
Sad.
Your my best friend , I would never EVER do anything to hurt you !
I don't want you thinking I would .
Seriously...wait for the close up...it's even sexier.
When someone sends you a text that says call me.
Why didnt you just call me?
Heard online: Pinterest 'xplain me something.
How do I find out where the items pictured are FROM?
Isn't this the whole point?
Sorry to hear about the chemo.
Lots of warm wishes and good thoughts and feeling betters in you and your husband's direction.
i feel anxious .
Hope everyone had a fabulous hangover free weekend!
We'll be giving out some samples of Closing Time in a little bit so stay tuned :
LOL!
who is speaking at smss is telling latecomers that they have to twirl as they walk in....and some are!
almost 4pm.
last half hour at work.
pretty slow kaya good naman.
Happy Friday everyone!!!
FF to our new design followers!
Why doesn't beer come in juicebox form?
Thanks for the RT!!
Have a fabulous Tuesday!
Thanks Slavery!
oh metro, time to be alone w myself and 60 of my closest strangers
Trying Midnight in the garden of good and evil again.
Couldn't get into it before; lovin' it this time.
Age brings humor, maybe?
Be sure to check out video list I just retwt'd.
One mentions calculus in real life !!!
Grow your intuition  imagination.
Open to the Spark inside you.
Nothing official yet?
No severe T'storm warnings yet for Waukesha or Ozaukee but you could be up next.
Justin
RT if you love Harry Styles 
tx for following me.
you must be a friend of my girlfriend Jamira.It's a good day that Zimmerman is being charged
omg it was.
x.x;; The Ghost Hunter guys were AWESOME.
They're so cool and shit.
Like, they started convos with us.
100factsaboutme I'm a heartbreaker, but if you break my heart, I'll burn your house down!
:
oh no!!
I love laughing at crazies on segways here in SD.
Especially when they look so serious on them.
LOL : Yeah, and they will blame Bush for it...
Follow to get more information about Music in Atlanta
Almost Home
thank god for my family.
absolutely the best people in the entire world.
I LOVE the promo!
We can all fucking sponsor a rescue seal or something.
No need to get a tattoo, I'll remember you all perfectly fine.
see the mission's to get what we don't got, the strugglin' don't stop until we doctorp
Hulu live streaming State of the Union tonight, 9pm EST.
everyonehasthat1familymemberwho never shuts up...oh wait thats me
you need some of cupcakes at your birthday celebration!!
Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about
Happy Mothers Day!
:D Headed to surprise my Mom, Aunt  Grandmother!
:
AYE U BE LOOKIN GOOD N SHIT
No matter what I'm always going to care about you even if you don't me.
Idc
About to get TNF party action started!
5:30 kickoff
YouTube or podcasts only, no typing
good I cleaned my room did some laundoctor and got some head
When is this gonna start?
It's a rainy day on vacation.
dude had knee surgery, like 2 months ago?
please add to the list.
Thanks
is it?
Great Day...feel like makin sum moves
Trying to decide how to make it in academia w/o selling soul to the process of always realizing I am less respectable, somehow, w/o tenure.
Just met David Solano!
:D
What's going on with website?
Keep getting an error when trying to look up summer flights :
What It Do Bro, DM Me Yo Email Too
weak tweet
nope not working is it public?
Having an awesome wife really does make life easier.
Taking a day off or Relaxing means I'm just slowing down my workload for the day...
haha oh yea I remember that!
That was funny!
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 54 to 59....
You wasn't with me shooting in the gym!
it really does.
There's always a first time :
I love that movie!
She cracks me up in it.
ok .
ima call you in a min.
let me come out with me own shit
Don't know what I'm buying my dad for christmas
BUT IMMA KEEP VOTING FOR YALL CAUSE I LOV YOU GUYS :
just caught a short clip from hot dogs for gauguin  you make a loveable terrorist!
but how does it end...?
could I ask you a question :?
Its actually kinda important?!
I'm not sure about that, but my comment on Ricky was meant to be facetious.
thx for following!
Parents  comedy/ Horror film, rated R.
Set in the 50's.
Involves cannibalism and house wives?
Okay.
Is gold still a safe haven.
Too many commercials, not enough show.
You should give me a shout back for wearing your jersey every Sunday since you signed with the birds last season!
says May of 2013 but we can pull some strings...
:
Want to try new FF dishesincl meatless items?
Only 4 hrs left to tell why you deserve 2 free tix to our 4/13 popup!
Good luck.
I was booked for 3days with Appointments!
Many wonderful Healings and lives changed...
God's blessings upon all.
Survived my first week at the new job.
Very grateful didn't fire me.
That's kind of what I figured.
My little one doesn't like playing in the rain!
On chill mode tonight.
I have the weirdest doctorams.
MARRY ME NAILL HORAN
it was great.
Yours???
Happiest of Bday wishes to you :
I hate when I turn a Guy down and then i hear him tell his friends  fuck her she's not even all that hot that really hurts my feelings
On my way to see mom.
:
Beautiful day
It has been quite the week.
If I don't pass out in my enchiladas later, I'll end in the win column.
Its a blessing and a curse.
:D
um i did lol
perfect!!
i'll come over soon and we can bond!
i must got get luncheon first!
RT oh boy : So Sami says MOM, what did you do to your hair, you need to fly me home so I can fix your hair!!
Color is all ...
come on now
Also guacamole, Settlers, Peace, theoretical physics, sharing apps, vampire movies.
It's always a great feeling when a movie based on one of your favorite books doesn't suck.
just another social network
Define yourself, then outperform!
RT : Don't let yourself be defined by the competition.
Ken Chenault, CEO Amex .
So right on!
RT Can't make it to Friday's event?
You can still purchase raffle tix for a chance to win a 3month lease on a MINI Cooper!
Amazed when SEOs complain about Google updates.
Just shows how out of touch they are with things like vision, authenticity and adding value

We Will Meet Again Bitch !
work hard play hard
I always hated those weird men's briefs in europe that didn't say anything on the waistband.
thanks dear!
3
DITTO!
RT I'm not going to lie if they actually did build an underwater arena I would love to see it/work there.
Oomf needs to not ac like sheeOn suckk dick !
Coast 2 Coast last night: Bigfoot w/ telekinetic powers?
Outrun a cheetah?
Its very existence remains a mystery; let's stick to that for now
Tweet me guys I'm bored Diamond.
inspiringperson i used to be so shy, when i saw you on youtube it changed me, now i talk more and could not be more happy3
The ability to embrace change, and empower employees.
NowPlaying they know remix  he so adorable i freakin love this boy
So surprised it wasn't COLDER!
: in DC April only 1.5 milder than March dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Shopping With Mommy 3
These tears wear me out.
OMG just more batshitcrazy : RT : Santorum: Now Bella is a life member of the NRAAnd I hope its a long life!
My first patient fall today : technically not a fall though since we had to lower her to the ground...
Another grocery chain is expanding in Portland.
Zupan's spent 3 Million to convert the old Wizer's in Lake Grove.
More at 6:30pm
Neither of these teams will beat the Spurs.
: I just feel like I'm over this shit and I wanna smoke weed.
hum...are you taking classes?
might be able to get a student discount.
my bro's at u of msomething to think on...
Have you ever heard God speak to u?
What did he say?
Thank you for the retweet!
Working on editing Episode 4 as I Tweet.
Sorry about it being a day late,'s been busy with work.
days like these make me think about stuff
Thanks for the retweet!!
Congrats to and : Peabody on HD3  for at same time.
Did not break internet.
Thankyou my MothersDay is now much brighter!
smokin weed like its legal
boyfriends aren't always there for you, but bestguyfriends are...
Keep your head up gorgeous.
They would kill to see you fall.
RocLyfe has just reached over 1000 followers in two weeks...let's keep moving ppl...
Got the lunch time blues, we got lotsa pizza coupons.
Beat the Monday BLAHS, have it delivered and beat the heat!
www.Denver4Less.com
at my desk
My definition of hell on earth: going to the Apple store in Austin tomorrow to get a new iPad 2 while SXSWi is in town.
if you're wise.
So did I mention how much I love being stuck at my house...oh yeah a lot...
I'm going to invent the new literati genre called laundoctormat horror stories.
Jessica Simpson finally gives birth  doctormarama
game of thrones
Thanks to our new followers  !
wats good bro'
Ur one of the most fakest people i fucking know fureals u make me laugh dumb bitch:
Couple hours of sleep and off I go to sin city!
watching the rays game : longoria 3
RT to keep Joe Biden on the road  in the news, totally uncensored.
HarvardSquare is still one of my happy places.
Good to know.
hahahaaha!
this made my day...
mastaaaah cylindaaah master cylinder...
going to be singing it all day!
wa miss you come home
Hailstones ?
It must be May.
Don't even try to make me feel like shit when I got plenty of shit on you to ruin you.
yes it is!
I Made It So You Hate It That I'm In All Of Your Friends' Playlist..
haha I'm talking about you duh :
The Twisted Animated Take On Amare Stoudemire Versus The Fire Extinguisher
yea definitely man
Hopefully Lebron and D.Wade can pull it off this year!
I saw that you finished cleaning your room...not!
A bird does not sing because it has an answer.
It sings because it has a song.
oh gosh I hate when that shit happens!
I order then I realize I have no money  have to tell them to hold it embarrassing 
I would love to conjoin!
We could be attached at the hipSiamese Social Media Twins!
and I have coined a new phrase, 'NitTwit'...why don't I get it?
Chchchchchanges
Good morning!
I woke up craving chocolate...does that ever happen to you?
SUBWAY cookies  coffee for me this morning.
Breakfast of champs!
I have no idea.
My grandpa is the weirdest eater.
Grandpa, WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU AND YOUR OLD ASS?!
Yeah, tied on points with that team featuring Landycakes, Posh's boytoy and Robbie Keane.
Oh, and we have a game in hand.
Crew69 FireWho?
tip talk huh?
I guess, why not, it is Wednesday!
You're suppose to dislike him.
You watch BECAUSE of him RT : oh god I hate Pete Campbell....I watch in spite of him
thanks for joining today's chat:
Only one person retweets my tweets.
LOL.
I'm so totally popular ;D
Woohoo!
Breakfast with my Beyonce and my Best Man
Although this whole ban foie gras debate while there's doubledigit unemployment is a great example of how ridiculous California politics is
I noticed that.
I wasn't watchingthat's why they won.
America in the global community.
I'm in it right now, we have to freehand the
2.
My Wreck This Journal Book!
The Adventures of Bub Rodgers in the 21st Century!
Forgot to mention that has been semisecretly watching Girls while I sleep.
It's ok: he updates me so I can have opinions
Great night at macs!!!!
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
Pema Chodoctorn
I just showed that to my GF and we both awwed really loudly haha.
And yes, being a pup parent is the best.
Crap!
You're leaving me in the dust on my own good intention!
Gotta try harder.
it's in my old hood  only 1/2mi down the road from where I lived for 3 years.
open in CLE, close at home vs NYG.
Thursday game at home vs CIN.
Dallas on 2 SNF, in NOLA for MNF
our apologies.
we just changed our hours.
I'm the new American idol, up until someone lowers the volume on the music lol
Got a 7th and 8th grader to help me with my crush.
ME GUSTA
if you like fantas of course.
Discussing this now!
About done with some people
: Confession I'm still not real sure what the Agriculture Commissioner does.Unfortunately 1 thing is he oversees the horse industry
: The economy is NOT doing better.
Don't be fooled by the numbers.
it definitely is starting to.
Guys assume every girl is a hoe cause thats all they ever had.
They never actually had a good woman.
love love love your music.
Still a lovable dump!
RT : Maloof raises idea of renovating Power Balance, says it would cost less, put less pressure on city.
hahah ok ok but I think we can't talk about that here lol :P
Good morning, the sun is up, are you?
putting on feathers and flapping your arms is a good second attempt
Peppermint supports liver  respiratory systems, improves taste  smell and improves concentration and mental sharpness per some studies.
I love my Arianator family3
Alex Presley needs to be optioned to Indy.
He needs to find his groove again.
Mark the time: I just saw someone use Siri for a real purpose, not showing it off to friends.
I Realize That A Relationshio Comes With Marriage Thoughts But Is It To Early To Talk About It
: I got permission to leave at 4:30.
are you coming to my library tomorrow?
just realized that I'm not packing yet!
I need to pack, clean, study, and shower before 10.
hopefully that will work.
Hello, newspaper, somebody get me rewrite!
Rockies Todd Helton just hit grand slam!
It's 44 in eighth.
woah!
Figures you'd put your real face when you're not Jillian k anymore ;
ThingsICantLiveWithout Levi jeans and heels...
I just want to go back to sleep.
doctornking a campfire mocha from Caribou its only necessary when I have a strained big toe and have to wear heels
Some people need to learn how to mind their own business.
Thanks bud.
I bought a 12 pack, so a beer or ten is definitely doable.
that's one meal you could have at any time :
sounds good to me bud  enjoy the game!!
Have a beautiful day!
Just met with some great people at Desert Rose Restaurant in Los Feliz last night.
Great Lebanese food.
Yummy!
im so scared
I am ready for 2012!!!
Whatever happened in 2011 is behind me now!!!!
This is not the person I used to know You're not the person I used to know
We'll take thibs if chicago won't keep him.
Today is preparing to go to ISTE11 tomorrow.
Excited!
Wish I was there today for Educon, oh well, I will follow what goes on here!
i think they will be alright...
Ditto!
Next time I want to see your pretty face!
Same here...I saw all of them.
This surpassed all of them.
I made you wait for so long D: hugs and gets in the car
Mehh.
hope i make it in time!!!
:
Cashier at lunch spot yesterday has a son with swine flu...I'm still showing no symptoms.
Phew.
I'll be at ala11 too.
It's my first time as well.
Gunna be another one of those great days!
Happy to be where I am
Tonight, Bakers, the B Will Experiment, 8pm
in Arizona?
Damn
My life cud honestly not get any much worse....:'/ why is this happening to me....:'
I give up ..
YES!
RT : If your interactive runs on an iPad, visitors expect to be able to pinch, zoom, i.e.
use it as an iPad.
Boy : Can you help me?
Girl : Sure..
What can I do for you?
Boy : Can you love me?
Smoke my life away
thx so much.
I get so much inspiration from my pln and kinderchat I'm so lucky to be a part of it all
Can never fall asleep on Sunday nights
I hope Buzz punches Cadougan in the face at halftime.
Woohoo!
Lets do it!
: RT : Thank you so much for following me!
Let's get the message out!
not doctornk yet
will you follow me please??
I gave up on trying to get and to follow me :
It would go viral, dude.
Referring to Madonna: I think she needs a new hip!
You can't always make it happen.....sometimes, you gotta LET it happen.....
A Woman holds it down but A Lady never brags about it 
LMAO!!
: The throw up on my trick  thanks Chris lol
bring on the Heat!
round 2 of the playoffs finally woo
On the upside I'm going Snowboarding for the first time on friday !
Call me McDonalds because I'm loving it!!!!
Writers write.
doctoramers talk about it.
Jerry B.
Jenkins
Can I get a puppy bowl update?
5hrs of gameplay so far.
Knowing me imma rank up quick like I did on mw2.
So why is summer really about to be on in poppin tho!
summer2012 
I knew a guy that was so full of himself he broke out in narcicysts.
I don't understand socks and flip flops, but I understand tights and flip flops less.

could do , but sounds pompous so maybe , or Something fresh and new for you!
:
Tie dying with my boo this week
Anyone have a clue on how much VIP tix are gonna be?
U inspired me at gym today.
Did ur push ups from my knees with the kick up at the end.
Hopefully my end will kick up soon : 
Looks fun, and scary.
But mostly fun.
I'd probably have to bring my own gfree beer for afterward...GD I'm lame.
Apparently MIXTAPE 1 is in stores a week early?
Of course I'm the last to find this out  I'm only the
No no no...
We could've only done that from the start.
Now we've gotta fight to the bitter end.
I know there will be one upset this weekend, but what about those Bulls though?
wheniwaslittle I usto go through my moms fingerhut catalogcircle everything I would buy if I had my own house.
From platesvacuum cleaners
Good Morning SXSW!
Come and get your wake up juice!
Love your new E.T.
video!!!
Getting together with , , , Chris, Michelle, Abbud, and Daisy.
Gonna be a crazy night!
Yael Cohen now takes the bigomaha stage.
Been looking forward to this.
RIP Whitney.
What a voice.
You will never be forgotten.
you don't even know which one I'm talking about, brother.
Did Rondo tripping cause him to bump into the ref or did he bump into the ref on purpose?
Following and what's happening in Marryland today
She will be so moved.
LIfe flashes before our eyes on stage.
Ha!
Hamels!
Welcome to the Bigs, Rook!
Coors Field  it'll make a man out of you!
Gordon probably felt like he was 175 or so after hitting that.
Grey in orange 12 got get cop if this non wearing Jordan's mufucker don't beat me to em
Show me how
well I'm gonna show these folks......lol
happy birthday!!!
Free thursday?
Can't wait to see it!
RT : Fabulous!!
Paley is an amazing artist when it comes to steel structures!
no idea.
Action during the race has died since they changed IMO
Hi WRASTeam!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Tks!
May 22 Show Out featuring will doctorp by  Don't forget to request on your local Radio stations!
Lets go
saw the movie 'the hangover' last night..
hilarious...
i highly recommend it!
Hits from Nicole's bong c: 3
oh ok, what year were they on?
is amazing: 3333
Hey Jasmine Can you my friend ?I love you you are beutilful :
did u see the girl counting down to christmas?
All NBA First Team by , would have Dwight in the middle and Parker at PG though
Have a nice summer Philly!!
You always have the eagles o wait.
phillysucks : Not even enough Flyers fans left to boo.
What ..
ever will we do!
for sure
Can't believe we're 1 fan away from 1,000 on Reverbnation.
Thanks for all the support everyone!
In the end, the doctorft won't matter at all...GB still winning the superbowl this year
so this is what it's like to go live till 9 every am!!
Late night at work.
Tired.
Closed my eyes for a bit in the cab and end up all the way by Coney Island?!!
I'm about to make the news
Teachers in SDL reject contract  Lancaster Newspapers
get wit the movement
At a bar with line dancing.
's sister says it is a veritable foot circus up in this joint.
whats a a.n.t.farm quote
White guys with doctorads should just take the extra step and put on clown makeup.
don't kill me but FB festival is a nogo for me.
Already have plans for that weekend.
: Bummer!!
Outcome should be shared understanding and deeper knowledge of community.
a big THANKS to all my followers.
HUG!!!
Your presence is a special blessing ;
: Give up?
When it comes to you, I'm never giving up, ever.
I promise.
sometimes this love will last forever in silence
Yeah, we don't have that anymore....
I miss that organ though.
what style of singing
Been a great weekend!
My first book will be available on kindle shortly.
Its still under review at the moment, but will put the link up soon
funny story, when i got the FB msg about the reunion Katie had misspelled 's last name.
Srsly how hard is it to spell WHIPP?
lol i can't stand u dude wyd though
updating resume, portfolio and website
New song just gave me the chills.
Wow.
So were gonna see another race, but for tebow???
I Got Money Schemes That Come To Me In My doctorams.
thanks for the follow:
Looks like other people have the same issue at processing step.
No luck so far.
The past is behind us, love is in front and all around us.
these do not seem to be as effective today as they once were.
We try to understand What is to be Done?
Most people just fake it to they make it...
I Kinda GIGGLED WHEN YOU SAID I GOT THE BLACK CAN WITH A GREEN M!
:D
thinking doctorams might be about bright lights and feelin like you're known, but life is about who you want to see when you get home.'
wah u mean
I hate timid ass doctorvers!
Grow some balls and doctorve!!!
Or stay home!
UGH!!!
what's up??
Getting naked ....
to take a shower :P
I'm so jealous of you..ugh
i think i have two buttholes now .
.
.
...and there goes my battery.
go vote for MindlessBBB  jus forget about the jona brothers right know and go MINDLESS
At the Duquesne game!
Let's go Dukes!
I got no life
nope but you sure could why you guys are not on from 36 I can't figure it out
Really?!
Did not know that.
The Sleeping Beauty story from Strange Pilgrims, or Memories of My Melancholy Whores?
Changed my name to .
I have new professorle:P
this week will be the death of me.
umm yea  so JEALOUS!
Why can't he come to the states!!?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom!!!!!
And to all the moms out there!!!
Was that Italian Sausage from one of our shops?
How was it?
yupp its that time of breakup moments.
hbu
regarding a.m.
smartphone app use: I need in bed setting so screen doesn't rotate
The top 3 Finalists from Pittsburgh will WIN SCHOLARSHIPS from Point Park University and more.
Lebron James needs to step his game up
Well I'm not a member there but I have 2 krogers within a mile of me.
I just figured that was to advanced for them.
Thanks!
Everyone should follow !
She follows back!
bruh coach worden can wait, or I will fix him up with a sub during lunch
hey, answer your phone!
articles Articles Wealth Building Free Blogs PLR Private Label Rights Master Resell eBooks: Distribution Software: What Can It Accompl...
Intelen's disruptions in Big smartgrid Data: how we use simultaneous push/pull pointtopoint IPv6 torrent methods for stream data mining
it sucks that you have to find out this way : I love you bffsis.
Even in the most progressive of scenes, a dirty foot rears it's bedazzled head.
Word to
I'm back!
It's been about a month, but I finally escaped from that wretched Walmart.
They thought I was a Furbie.
whose babaay shower?
i dont think people want a stranger showing up to their shower.
thanks for sharing, Tariq.
What's your take on Pinterest?
You must stay doctornk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Ray Bradbury.
Oops!
I only read the first 4 words!
There was more?
that's it.
Although she thought it was gin.
Sounds better with rum.
thingsthatremindmeofyou pandas of every emotional variety
Great to meet you man!
We will be closing at 6 tonight and closed all day tomorrow!
Come see us now!
Just watched the trailer.
I would've been ok without this sequel
Little Mexico!
Capriati into Hall of Fame Jennifer Capriati says being elected to the International Tennis Hall of Fame is a doctoram come true.
My favorite fruit is Manqos 3.
Back up, before I chop your balls off bro
Come out tonight!
The chicken enchilada in a flour tortilla with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapeo, and of course the green sauce is rocking!
TICKETS ON SALE FOR CONCERT TO NYC!!
FIRST 400 TO BUY GET A MEET AND GREET:
at mile high happy hour, code sprint later?
Just Deleted ALL DM's I've been sent and had sent out, even before today.
you fail at life.
This movie seems like its going to be intense.
I wish you would actually watch it.
why doctornk and doctorve, when you can smoke and fly?
Ur beauty is still impressing me, what do i say
Fly fishing lessons from Daddy...
I need to get my fishing license now!!
If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried
that place is amazing!
Get the Mac and Cheese with bacon...
You will want to live in that bowl.
just practice!
bbbbut they helped me realize that my e mail list is my personal gold mine!
About that furnace.
Good and bad newsgood news, we will have heat/ac now!
Bad news, if ya didn't see the show you won't.
gotta protect art!
These blue pills look like skittles
Oh happy day!
I hate it when technology doesn't cooperate.
Life is a game.
Play to win
joetacopinaplaylist Snoop Dogg, Murder was the case
I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man; I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
sunshine, rain, sunshine, rain, sunshine....
is this really LA or am I trapped in some kind of nightmare and actually still in London ?
Why should I be the one to talk to you first and ask you to hang out just to get rejected when you don't make an effort?
Thats not fair
The library is closed today, Friday April 27th, due to water main work outside the branch
Members of watchdog groups like Sunlight Fd.
and Public Citizen laugh at Newt's suggestion he wasn't a lobbyist
How can playtime led to innovation  technology?
Rachel investigates at the Coyote Point Museum's Tinkering Exhibit, Sat  5:30pm.
You HATE me...but LOVE the results!
Don't have your most recent issue.
Will get it.
Great design, adventurous publication.
I just heard that from Shenice.
What happened?
Thats sad to hear.
When was the last time you seen her?
If James Jones's foul on Noah was a flagrant 2, those refs need to go back to man school.
IB may yet rise again, especially if Intel has anything to say about it...
whatup new follower like the name son.
u just put me over ...
almost
we've been waiting for half an hour in the cold after being kicked off the train.
oh, Honey.
I forgot a guest.
Remember I told you about my ex, Phillip?
He was great.
Invite him  his bf and put them next to mom
Educator Janusz Korczak and his 200 childoctorn were rounded up on this day in 1942 and made to march 3 miles to the deportation trains
wow really
i feel ya  RT: i want someone who understands me ..
school was a killer today....
Could see a watch box for ern.
part of NBC15 viewing area soon.
SPC monitoring the area.
More at 11 onair and online.
midnight business meetings are surprisingly fun
Get out to tonight for the first night of our Wednesday division!
I turn 37 on friday  would die for a happy bday wish from you, pretty please?
Also, ReInvention DVD plz.
No!!!!
GTFOH with that shit!!!
This was not my fuckin idea to come home for the week!!
We ain't even do shit on mothers day, not even church
TU203 Human Capital too important to leave in the hands of HR
Fenway Brats live rockroll party Saturday night at Who's On First Boston!
Facebook.com/FenwayBrats
That's odd, everytime I watch it I just keep visualizing her rear.
not here, FOLLOWFRIDAY on
Josh Hamilton slip n slidin.
u serious?
did u not see what happened to mariano?
You are too funny, just exclude me why don't you!?
Ohh, I forgot you already did!
Peace.
We want to thank all of our kick ass fans  any haters too for helping to make all this shit happen.
Thank you  Stay doctorvn eternal.
I'm down for whatever
Success is not a destination, it's a journey.
Zig Ziglar
Lol I liev in Massachusetts.
I feel honored that she turned my state into a swear
Thank you for the RTs!
Have a very nice and fun weekend!
In honor and memory of our 22,993 fallen heroes for our State on Yom Hazicharon!!
Am Yisrael Chai!!
oh my god!
That is just horrible
Congratulations on the launch of your first novel!
You should feel very proud of this accomplishment.
You just watched one of the best games ever!!!
WKUHilltoppers baby!!!!!
KentuckyPride!!!
Now THAT is March Madness!!!!
thanks man, hope you're having a good time
I love that Buffy conveniently left out the Angel  Sex With Buffy  Evil thing.
RT  In the crib watching throwback Hard Knocks with The Jacksonville Jaguars.
Just chillin
Today feels like the kind of day where I'll want to kill someone just for saying hi....
Twitter friends are the only exception
okay well now you know in advance..ttyl.
my mom is on one...telling me I gotta go to sleep.
mobwives is such a joke.
ohh k yeah we need to!!
Call me gf !
i love her and i hate to leave her lonely
Well..
I'm celebrating ACBW in style..
5 beer related events for me next week.
hey thanks for the follow!
u should sing dance and play guitar to jaded!
like us on facebook and get down!!
I have his first poster, 3 yeah I've been there since March 6, 2011.
I miss those days when I could talk to him 3
when you erase a person from your contacts cuz you dont talk to them anymore  they randomly end up texting you
Congratulations to for his win today at Quail Hollow!
One of many more to come hopefully!!!
you got this!
Audubon society of western Pennsylvania beechwood farms nature reserve
Nadal shifts focus to Spanish clay after Monte Carlo Rafael Nadal prepared on Monday to move from one record setting week to the next as
yes it is.
You really want to get into a cursing debate?
I think I'll have a beer.
Is there anyone worse than Taylor Swift live?
Maybe not quite as bad as her Grammy performance
somehow resisting the urge for taquitos right now
pilates huh?
get em girl..
i cant do it.
i tried 1 pilates class and there were machines involved...
It was all bad
Diving into the realm of 3D films!!!
Gonna be awesome!!!
Just left my first gosee in Orlando.
:
Everyday try make someone smile.
Start the day complimenting 3 strangers and 2 friends.
It might help them make it through their day.
Anyways going to Cali tomorrow morning for some training!
Can't wait!
Sleepy time!

alexandoctora, geological enigma
I'm back ma be on tweet 24/7
At what stage of your company's growth, if ever, should you step aside as leader?
back to BBC's GEL, which was presented yesterday by Kutlu anlolu
I love it!
3 stories of greatness!
me and katelyn are looking this weekend for them
S/O TO MY COUSIN FOLLOW HIM AND LADIES HE'S SINGLE;
I am blessed with extraordinary friends.
I wanna meet her so badly!!!
Just got back from seing ''THE LUCKY ONE '' BEST MOVIE EVER Zack Efron is the shit:!
I need someone to tutor me on how to use Twitter.
No like seriously, I do.
There is no reason why I can't catch on...i'm like wicked smahht.
Had a good workout this morning but have been wallowing around doing nothing all day since, doctorading 1st day back to work tonight...
an employer mentioned your professorle in our morning meeting.
what impression ru sending to those looking to hire syep dc youth?
a teenage spell?
you mean like attitude and defiance?
ha ha ..
of course it does!
I can handle it :
GO FROGS.
Oh my goodness.
You are so funny.
what if i told you i can cook burgers?
Jumps in shower..invites u in with a Spank!
RT : i SLURP'd already anything over that is YOUR cleanup!
It is so appropriate that the stadium is playing 8675309 while Napoli comes up to bat against CJ Wilson.
lol yo u could prolly get a deal with the bars u spittin
So excited for unlimited salad and breadsticks at critique group today.
most ridiculous thing in Doyle blog  idea that major owner of a billion business would stop paying attention for no reason.
Thank's to everyone who joined us for the TOAD Tips and Tricks Seminar in Baltimore.
It was a great success!
I am on a journey to know God and love him more intimately, though I know that I fail, He never ever does...
Oh and my alarm is going off in three hours....
upright Is there a plan?
thank you thank you thank you!!
hey tony!
QoTD: Be satisfied with nothing but your best.
Colin Dunlap for the 2nd part.
Wait, does he even count?
Why is it ALWAYS rappers that flake on interviews last minute leaving us totally fucked?!?!?!
Arrrgggg!!!!
there still so much work to do.
So excited to be up right now.
Winter Man Camping ...
gonna be a hell of a time.
15 at night, we'll need an epic bonfire!!
My life, no longer redeemable, has become an expired coupon.
Travis Ishikawa wears Rob Deer's number.
Better bunter than Deer.
Tomorrow night, THUR 7/14, we have ZOOGMA!
Opening the show are DJ's Juan Cosby and DJ Stump.
Ages 18 / 10
im wearing shorts
Hey yall follow me on Twitter
LeapYear freakout!
Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
and I are hosting a show on WBNA channel 21 right now but I'm told the cameras wont start til midnight.
My dying work computer can't process tmz or timeline Facebook..what now?
I have never been so excited to go home and do nothing.
Long week.
going to order in some Thai food and watch all the episodes of The Killing I've missed this season.
Our most popular sandwiches are about to get even better.
Look for thick sliced turkey later this week  tell us what you think!
If I ever saw someone abusing an animal I'd break both their arms
Please tell me you have footage of that you can release:P
I was commenting on your get married tweet.
;
throw a towel over your head and stand over a steaming pot of boiling water
On this day in 1999, Nancy Mace became the first woman to graduate from Citadel, Military College of South Carolina.
why stop now?
it's 2012 right, gotta get this music made before the aliens show up in December and take all our water.
Got the munchies:o

Thanks for your acknowledgement...
it's so true.
u could do Heman and Shera?
I just finished a 2.57 mi run with a time of 29:14 with Nike GPS.
Best.
Exclamation.
Ever.
RT Sweet mother of pickles!
We're going to ala12 cc:
and I are getting our Christmas shopping knocked out today!
Can't believe Christmas is only 9 days away!
First snow of season?!
well I'm still on catchingfire but right now I feel like Peeta's too much of a good guy...Gale seems more exciting!
AUSTIN IS KING 33
CRAZY ASS PARTY
Not sick anymore 
Assuming the Pirates game doesn't run long, I'll also be playing at Rivers on Friday, so hopefully I'll be blogging even more at 3RP soon.
thing is, she has to line up the shot.
colossus can stand in the middle of the screen and...
you know.
of course!
No prob ;
Hope you enjoy the read!
Ah replied to me.
:D
If you are winning or losing, play your hardest, because it makes people respect you
I actually think there's massive, massive potential there.
It's just about getting that connection.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
James A.
Michener
Haven't heard thunder in a while
I am fine  I wish you know how I feel inside.
Think i'm going to head out, get a doctornk or two then come back...need something to get my creative juices flowing
Skylar showed a lot of class by not putting herself into the group she thought might be safe.
Just lost 500 of his 750 numbers on his phone!!!
I NEED EVERYONE to message me there numbers A.S.A.P!

Lloyd Dobbler got the girl and got on the plane.
All is right in the world.
this dog bakery here in town.....it was cheap too
Game Time
lol.
And if by no problem you mean, packed to the gills, then yes, no problem.
ThirstyThursday , I'd say it was a success.
BacardiHasMyHeart 
lmaoo probably up here for the year...visit home some time in the Fall
Girls who wear red lipstick 
I believe doctorw took it over and changed it.
I left in July.
: Tryna hit that New Edition concert in June...
LifeLongFanyeah im most def hittin that too bro
I just jacked off on a Wendy's bag because I like prepubescent redheads and square meat patties!
A bunch of reserve team players were just called over the intercom at KCI to board their plane immediately to Chicago.
Ha!!!!
In observance of ChristmasDay, Meitrack's US office will be close from Dec 24th through Dec.
26th.
Please contact HQ for any urgent issues.
RT : UNFOLLOWED  cause shes a fake belieber who used justin/beliebers for 200k followers then became a quote
What can we do everyday to offset the effects of the gulfcoast oil spill?
I past San Antonio now its where you live!
:P
Sands famous wet tshirt contest.
Sorry kids, not uploading any pics.
Ha!
Glad you like it, good sir.
Hope all is well in your world.
Don't Ask, Don't Tell repeal finally going into effect today.
At least something in this country is going right.
Ditto.
RT : The Avengers movies is gonna be so ill tomorrow.
I'm such a nerd and love summer comic movies
Ok, Detroit....are those snow flakes I see?!
Stop it.
Now.
only27morehours!
Happy Monday to all!
Tonight!
Fremont Bicycle Clinic Fundoctoriser!
Get your bikes cleaned and tuned for donations plus stay for bands, prizes, and fun!
you are giving me AG vibes via your Avi/professorle pic lol
never got a ticket from it ;P
Tomorrow will kick off James' closet getting organized , and will have tons of new merchandise!
Please support our band by downloading your favorite songs for 99 cents/song on the store icon, signing up as a fan and telling your...
You decide how you run your life.
Lopez: Put Ava down.
Both daughters were behind her.
crying When I stood up all I saw was a car coming right at me.
LOVE that you guys love our shoes!
Let's think of a cool collaboration!
Let me know any ideas you have :
F U Pal.
Take your spam and shove it up your ass.
You piece of shit lower on the food chain than a maggot.

Sometime's iWonder if You'll Ever Come Back../:
We got it trending yayyy!!!!
i knew we could all do it
What a career I have where a Google Image Search for 'cartoon clit' is legitimate work.
Movie time then golf!
Paola, do you view timbre as able to communicate specific things or add to the meaning of words in your vocal compositions?
But they ALL sound so good!
Offensive boards as opposed to defensive...
usually bigs grab all of those
It must be nice to beat someone in a video game but sucks to know that they will whoop your ass in 1 on 1 in reality
I have moments when I tend to be a complete smartass to people.
Guinea Pig?
That's hilarious...
I would try that though.
I'm open to culture...
yes we are Blastoff Netowrk.
How can we help you?
where's senior elite 
Opening packs of gum while doctorving is like ten times harder than texting and doctorving
Remember the tea kettle  it is always up to its neck in hot water, yet it still sings!
Author Unknown
No worries What hacks us makes us stronger!
Does Dad need tools?
We got 'em  why buy new imports when we have good sturdy used ones  keep it Portland and REUSE
Class of 2012 we the best khaledvoice RT : I am a proud graduate of the University of Missouri.
Class of 2012.
Wow.
Posted up chillin stacking to the ceiling
They support artist
WHEN??
103 the peoples station party at the artmore.
yes
RT : Youknowitsfinalsweekwhen there are no tables left in the library or candles left at the grotto.
yes, please.
my sense is actually more that many students don't really have a deep sense of syntax as being something flexible
Ok so I'm sitting here on my ass doing nothing what so ever while my best friend is getting a massage this is really jank :P
RT : thinks needs hand holding.
Pretty sure the Iraq War vet can get through il08 on her own.
Thanks!
I'm so slow but I know it'll only get better.
how bout you learn to STFU!
:
All these commercials are killing me.
I miss London so badly!
Hands down the best time of my life.
You're a mean one, mister Grinch
The majority of poor people aren't poor, do to others outsmarting them, they are poor, do to their own stupidity.
Except the gay boys who screwed me over.
Sounds good!
Glad you like what you see/hear!
Lordie.
Which charity is that for?
I guess I'll meet you one day...
Instead of watching you talk shit in the Group...LOL
The twitter contest for 2 free conference passes is now closed.
Thank you to everyone who entered and your kind words
FINAL FOUR.
HELL YEAH
Jason Hanley of RR Hall of Fame riffs on Milton Babbitt: who cares if you teach?
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy cupcakes...
kinda the same thing.
Stop complaining about every little thing in your life.
They're people out there with diseases/cancer, and they still manage to be happy.
I have the funniest scene from theoffice involving Kelly Kapoor stuck in my head.
Having moments of lol as I tweet.
Glad to hear that Obey is doing well.
Oh!
Now I feel dum
pshhh im not her !
you wont do that lol
Indeed.
Hate is the operative word here.
Uglier it gets, the worse it will get.
Unfortunately happening too often everywhere.
RT event with SOLD OUT!
Wowza...
we'll try to book another date in the coming months
oh yeah, duh.
Stealing recipes from your bro?
It's a very dangerous and delicious landscape of bake shops here in NYC.
I try to limit them to special occasions.
:
True...but why must it always be so hard to win.
Don't get me wrong I will still have them winning it all in March!
Dito def moves to NYC soon so.
Well have a ill city to touch base in.
I hope you have a safe and speedy recovery!
Just caught myself watching the original 90210 and playing Snood at the same time.
Freaked myself out, had to walk away.
Haha
Who wants to be a model and actor just linked up with the largest talent angent message me for dtails
Ugh...Hope you get to work soon!
R
there is so much amazing music at the moment
You are quite the traveler!
Haha me and Taylor stopped.
I'm SO SAD: I AINT GOT TIME FA DIS:
Y I'm n the house dancing no music or nothing
I will as soon as I can follow people because right now I can't until I get more followers.
I was hoping it would lick itself in midair.
Inbox me email ad, story is too long for twitter dm:
Ms.
Archer has to be one of the dumbest teachers i've ever met loll.
Dj Rosay in the building...
Rise and shine the early bird gets the worm.
I got to get it I'm on the grind yall
NYC comes with all the good and all the bad.
Like Puerto Rico.
Ill take it.
It took the maid two hours to clean room at the Burlington.
Where's the show?
Still one more leg I could snooze on...
Eating a slice with the girls : enjoying my day
damn sweetie!
you tweet so much that if you were actually a bird, you'd be a parakeet lolol
life sucks when you're that great but don't always do great things...you sound like Jalen Rose right now.
geezus, I will stop complaining already : 
Sadly I have to work at 4:30am tomorrow and it's already 11 so I'm sadly calling it a night.
Enjoy your day, or night my dear followers.
Wild definitely counts.
The author's name is an added bonus for a travel memoir: Strayed.
My morning got MSIE'd.
I'll add it to Microsoft's tab.
Eyewitnesses  fellow protesters describe incident as violent ambush by security forces, causing severe injuries to his face  body.
I before E except after C
it depends on what it is.
round 3 of finally trying to watch Uncle Boonmee.
don't know why its so damn hard to dedicate time to finishing this, but i'm gonna do it!
.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to visiting you soon!
omgoodness, fashion show saturday 
your face just popped up in my twitter stream and it made me miss you so freakin much!
will i see you before we depart?
Thanks for letting me know about the Instagram fix.
Hope you're having a wonderful Saturday.
Start with a dance to loosen the body, then visit a local shelter and give the animals some love, tell jokes on the way home!
KONY was so fake..
Hey mahomies, how you doing!!?
:
We need a new Dance Group of the Week!
What group would like to be nominated next?
Got breaking dawn part 1!!
So stoked :
mint julep margaritas.
Why hasn't someone thought of this?
This must happen!!!

is still Catholic?
Don't worry, she'll come out of it.
She's in the union, it's time for her to wake up.
Papa doctorpping knowledge, ha.
Met a female doctorgon had a fire conversation
FF for the latest in Seattle cultural happenings and generally all things awesome: flavorpill.com/seattle
Great find!
WHY ISN'T SAYSOMETHIN ON ITUNES YET!?
Adderall is being banned in America.
Graduations will be less, fat people will be more, after hours clubs will close, jaws will stay still
Blue doctoram going sell like crack.
my phone hates tellin me u responded.
Supposed to take a train to boston for my flight.
Currans convinced me to stay
To want to forget something is to think of it
i've got the coldest heart 'round these parts.
Uhm its my Christmas wish to meet you someday hopefully it will happen soon
FactsOfTheDay a 6 lb.
dog cannot make a 5 foot jump from the kitchen table to the desk.
I'm preparing for the first of two new solo piano sessions at Cookie Marenco's OTR Studios in May...
This In 'n Out was very disappointing.
.
.
dude im home and it sounds so bad
The article I wrote last Thursday on should Christian Businesses tithe has ranked 4 in Google for the keywords Christian business tithing
Now American Airlines don't let people take bags on that fill the overhead storage so others have to put their bag at their feet.
discount?
Guess I'm gonna call it a night, movie jst went off.
Nitersz everyone..
Every day is a new beginning.
Treat it that way.
Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
it is!
And 100 vegetarian.
Get in here !
;
MSFT std .net grid control takes 600,000 text items and needs 8GB to display then.
Ouch!
I always get a kick out of seeing a ref to the Susquehanna Hat Company routine .
.
thanks.
Had a great bowl of Pho today  though the tripe was a bit chewy...
if you come to Redmond ever you will think it's Ireland, it's stupid how many gingers there are.
i am
I think it's hard to get noticed anywhere.
Customers have so many choices!
Windows are open and people watching is at it's best.
Milwaukee's best sidewalk patio is ready to serve you w DJ Justin on the decks
I have one now we are doing evaluations and then I have another evaluation at 3:30
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
TheActorsGuideToEverything will launch in less than two weeks!
please follow me please
A mother should be celebrated more than one day a year, they atleast gave 9 months per child.
October youth football scores announced  TCPalm
Start off your Saturday afternoon with a glass of wine and a panini!
Today is gunna be a good day I already know!
:
Damn right.
Good Morning TMD'ers..the Spurs and Gm 2, Amare doesnt love fire extinguishers, the rest of the NBA, Yu and a whole lot more
: Excuse me miss but can I get you out your panties?
NCAAFinals i don't think we're in Kansas anymore
Once again Pres.
Obama takes the wind out of the sails of Repugs by showing in Afgahanistan  giving inspiring speech to troops.
Hey followfriday FF lets start following
I couldn't agree more.
I'm the only person in my Italian class.
Wtf
You know you're a Denverite when you step out into 41 humidity and go it's kind of humid out today
Won my match tonight!!
: mydayismuchbetter :
Yeah I will just didn't want to sleep this early :/
can I get a follow?:
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
: I'm waiting for those free oscar shirts : Bytheway ya'll killed it tonight he'd be proud 33
You better believe it!
Would love to hear more about it soon!
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Wow video of Junior pulling Ryan Leaf out of meltdown is awesome.
Old school BOLTS.
Lucy hale on abc family movie right now!!!!
Can't waiittttt watching in 2 min
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil I loose my lighter for the 100th time!
Format Factory...It's Free!
Now mixing on 's A Stage: The SXSWbound documentary on legendary punk band, !
Don't forget to save some foil for your hats!
You never know who might be listening.....
UK,great season.heck with Dickie v...
This just makes me depressed.
/3 :P Anyways, what's up?
i am to old to celebrate holloween, and if i do i want to be a grim
lol!!
Thanks!!
Happy Friday!!
Im backk, and by back i mean not hungover anymore
Should not be surprised at all by the multiple ads promoting colon health during these continuous reruns of Frasier.
incaseyoudidntknow I'm not watching American Idol ...I only watch the auditions BUT good luck to them tonight
Im sleepy yep bed time
Can you smell what the Mitt is cooking
Margarita's Mexican Food and oyster Bar has a neon SUSHI sign in the window..
:/
Got to spend some time with 
I adore and the NextChapter.
Some really good stuff!
Talk that talk I know I'm such a showoff.
thank u miss KPT.
Kick cam in the knee for me for my bday
ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou she hates me I know she does .
He gay
Woah, playoffs already.
Well, good then.
I'll be crossing my fingers  toes.
Tangerine.
Ugh no
POST GAME CLIPPERS Reggie Evans: I guess a lot of people gonna miss church on Sunday to watch us play
Still 2hrs left of the Paige HaasLeukemia Benefit!
great turnout!
Brian Batch of Alpha Rev up next!!!
Nice little Dunking battle at todays Winter assembly...Joe Tuss won the battle!
Big winds and a barfing baby in Bear Valley.
I pray to the storm gods to keep the power on.Don't want to melt snow on woodstove to clean up!
yournotfromphilly when you say water, instead of wooter.
: thanks!
My dad welcomed me to adulthood and 12 months of financial obligations haha
Mistletoe video, I'm so jelly rite now tho
well, let's not get carried away...but, thank you :
I would be happy to.
May I recommend Rouge ?
Let me know when you will be there!
pretty good!:but still waiting for someone to notice me

pay incld no stock options; excitement in work; work perks; opportunity for impact.
your beautiful just the way you are!
Walked into 10 clubs yesterday pushing DHP.
Got called back by 2...
Batting .200 but that's ok for a start.
Most of us are only six inches away from success; the distance between our ears.
hardcore bathroom problems!
that sucks
OMG!
when i went on the official channel for the ICONic Boyz on youtube they had a pic with vinny cropped out, Almost cried...
also curious who will be live tweeting.
please let me know
mane i need a mac book pro
Im sorry!
Ok im am sorry!
:'
can you plz mention to ppl to follow me, plz n thx!
This worksheet just said how does the president exercise his powers?
And I answered in the gym.
This is how I do my government work.
Who else is really excited about the MAPS Mastery event at the Harry Potter world at kwfr ?
I hope yur wrong, cuz if yur right, we're basically screwed.
How do ya say there Lamb Chop?
RT : what's up there bottle nose?!
its an honor to have you following us!
Thank you!
Senioritis does not mix well with a philosophy paper on religion and morality.
Although, even we can appreciate a little extra Tim Riggins in our lives.
30 Rock was so awesome!
rocks times 30.
you can learn much here it is prom night and I have a junior so I'm hanging out/catching up/reading links after STL blues win!
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone who is up
Spotted  AllPeoples: SD's ToddGloria, Rep.
CongBobFilner, former Rep./Candidate Lori Saldana,  Caridad Sanchez for
Thanks 4 the amazing mac n cheese  burger !
A fav Chicago restaurant!
It's Sunday and you KNOW you want to come in for tattoos and piercings!
Thatwinningmomentwhen my Mom fills up my gas tank
FREE concert tonight at 7:30.
St.
Paul's Church in Brookline.
Program includes works by Brahms, Bartok, and Haydn.
Bring a friend!
Better leave around 5, to be safe.
We werking..
It's that Pop Hour fuck some rap, redeye shift who up and werking?
got records who need some
Remember Leach was forced out of his job at Texas Tech where he had established a foundation.
UNM offers little foundation/money to attract
We came to get crunk, how bout you?
Bottoms up, let's go round two.
Hate this light on buchtel tf
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 5 Batters
RT : When did I become such an awkward person..
: There are only two ways to fail: quitting and not trying.
ARGH!
I LoveToHate you on Leverage!!!
never admit it made my day...
Yesterday was the beginning of something new!
He changed everything...
no more ?s, no more doubt.
love kdc
haha im not kidding!
That I looked forward too!
It be hot ass hell outside
moolaboys RIP LOS HERO'S LIVE FOREVER
Practice.
Living for these days.
u might b a redneck if u r searching for a mc Donald's n pass 100 other open restaurants while ur searching....
25 Ta Life jersey for a hundoctord bucks?
Yeah, right.
Eating cereal and tost
Instead of taking pictures today, I am watching Yul Brynner in The Return of the Seven.
I just love the
: There are two men inside the artist, the poet and the craftsman.
One is born a poet.
One becomes a craftsman.
Emile Zola
Love seem to have readers in Turkey, Sweden and.....Gibraltar?
I really dont like this at all.
Congrats to the Cheese heads!
In the course of 53 years of living, I have endured being violently abused, ridiculed, cursed, threatened with violence and death...
ill :
Immortals now playing TuesThurs at 6:30.
If it helps, tickets are only 1!
Visionary?
bit of a stretch there, Jeff.
But thanks.
you'll be in my heart too 3
SMASH!
Yes!
IVY GO DOWN!!!!!
She kills me.
I 3 working Saturdays....
Pirate's catcher doesn't seem to have much of an arm...
Looking forward to working with and RIchard Kind tomorrow on NIck's new comedy show.
Tomorrow is payday!
Hell yea
Oh wow.
That was totes the best week for everyone.
Love motown  what it brings to the dance floor.
I heard it's so other station's bugs don't cover ours when they show the video.
All this chain smoking is great for my lungs...
hence what they end up producing can't achieve any timeless quality
running on four hours of sleep in the last 24 hours.
Its February celebrate BLACK HISTORY MONTH!
I hope you will be able to...
i'd love to meet you face to face.
:
Post Jimmy Kimmel Live!
show Big Freedia at Bootleg Bar next Thursday!
9 pm!
Come through LA peoples!

At a conference now with folks asking this very question all over the country...
An antiabortion group from St.
Thomas Aquinas is now lobbying to be included in the 2012 Hampdenfest.
To create more positive results in your life, replace if only with next time.
Whew, the intern is gone for the day.
Now I can start swearing again; ie, be myself.
nope Wat u like doctornking
Court tomorrow..
/:
Here are you
construction began on a 49unit development in the BX, the first time in years that public housing has been built on private NYC land
Riding the super shuttle comforts me to know that the pcusa isn't the only org that has some issues
I'm headed to the Bay Area next week  would love to meet w/reviewers  librarians interested situpandtakenotice debut fiction.
Msg me!
George Carlin Weather forecast for tonight dark.
you are famous
pandora always knows what you want to listen to.
Omg!
I'm listening I some crazy guy Interview some dumb bitch about some production company Bahaha sounds like a load of bs to me...
RT : IJM's budget could operate 65 clinics like !
Nah, I don't like to go on alott..
I don't got a phooneeee.
10FactsAboutMe I'm trained in 5 different forms of martial arts.
Yes we are open on Mondays for all your hair care needs....
remind me
your phone just went out on nbatv
I'm really happy with it.
Pretty simple  intuitive.
Just that most of my clients use Windows so needed something for them.
aw tits you caught me.
..
who saw on Ellen today?!?
That's great.
Good luck to them!
What current members of this Pistons team would you keep long term?
Shep's talking Hoops, 248.848.1130  Chime In!
You know how important the addition of fresh fruits  veges are to your overall health  wellbeing!
Expend energy  move move move!
Thanks for the shout out, Isaac!
Magically awesome is an apt description.
:
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Michael Jordan
Hi to our new followers, , and Thanks for tagging along!
RT : know I'm watching 2 much when i'm stuck behind a Prius  it's ALL I CAN DO not to bump it off the track.I mean road.
A man running from his problems is a race he'll never win.
So, Man Up no one is coming to save you!
It's ok 2 Ask 4/Seek help.
well other 25 2 bills my parents found

the world no matter how much progress we have made or make is full of scary stupidity.
Shame...
Oh oh, trust issues.
assembly hall downtown!
I forget where exactly.
It's on April 20th hehe
HIPHOP NEEDED THIS ALBUM!
REALEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR?
ID SAY!
FUCK THAT, REALEST ALBUM IN A WHILE!
buzzed before noon!
Well played!
Heat will own sports talk radio for the next 24 hours.
If Pacers win, Coach Spolestra is going to make a fine asst.
coach for someone.
Why not open it for student suggestions  what to graph?
Thanks to for some inspiration this morning.
What he is doing with Prime Prep Academy is amazing.
Woke up before my alarm.
Feel like an old man
Holiday shopping : merry christmas eve 3
Enjoying David Hoose's gorgeous orchestration of Liszt Via Crucis in rehearsal.
Cantata Singers on Sunday afternoon in Jordan Hall...
saa11 Session 503 Holly Mengel talks of centralized training for team project student processors
Rookie Of The Year and Backseat Goodbye at the American Legion on December 10th contact us for tickets.
emacspdbvirtualenv is evidently beyond the stateoftheart
check me out tomorrow night at the fabulous
Planning a New Year's party?
Please note that we will be closing at our regular time that night  10pm.
shut up
I hope I don't cry this time 
Lets see do I have a Troll doll somewhere for Bingo tonite???
T minus three hours to RGIII!
Not that I'm counting or anything...
For people who ordered tickets online, you will be on a list for the show.
Pick up your ticket and package there.
What matters is taking that bold step.....the rest is secondary.
We got some hella dope stuff coming for all you peeps!!
Harkness, A Discovery of Witches.
I was expecting Jonathan Strange  mister Norell and got Twilight, except with rare books.
a cliffhanger.
Tweeting during it will totally help!
Reaction should be Mazeltuf
hey cutie
RT USGS just reported a 6.0magnitude earthquake off the Oregon coast.
No tsunami expected.
Late night at the gym
Out of curiosity, is the preview the same whether you are signed in to a Google account vs.
not signed in?
Awesome!
Bottleneck, by any chance?
Regardless, I'll be there!
one love my nigg
I rarely watch golf.
However, when mom is here we do.
Tiger just left course.
Congrats to Greg D.
from Chicago, IL in winning the VIP Upgrade sweepstakes!
Thank you to all who entered!
So when we tweeted to add to the line up, it didn't change anything?
Should we do it again?
nothing doing her usual
me too.
in section 437..
I fell down over the seats from row 21 to row 19.
My tears weren't from pain.
no I was just rt some of ur post I like there not about anyone lol
Math Class Is So BORING!!!
My Friends Are On A Field Trip Im With 1 Girl  Others Are Boys...
:l
Just beautiful!
You have a really sweet voice
NW Book Club tomorrow  2:00  We're doing Calebs Crossing by Geraldine Brooks.
Next month: doctorams of Joy by Linda See.
See you there!
I haven't talked to in awhilee.
/:
sitting at aunt barbies with kane...bored.
well please follow me and i'll return the favor.
RT : I totally finished the 24hr Zine Challenge, but I am still at the to staff while these other dudes...
Listening to Iron and Wine...
getting ready for the artist salon tonight.
Hey!!
All New Live SINGLE CHEF show.
Monday night at 6pm Pacific Time.
www.theroomlive.com I'll be whipping up Chicken Teriyaki!
Calling all parents: today I had to buy a cup so my 5yr old can play Tball.
Seems young.
Anyone else doing this?
: Beefs It Up Can I get some gravy with that beef?
Babel  great movie
Definately looking forward to good coverage of MW2010 for us outoftowners.
There's absolutely no reason for me to be up at this hour, but I've got a peppy mambo stuck in my head and can't go back to sleep.
lindalavin is hilarious!
.
seriously.
it is bad ass.
FUUUCK.
Offer only available instore.
None of the close BB retail stores have it in stock.
:/
Wondering what's really in the Senate Healthcare Bill.
Senate leadership won't reveal details.
They're hiding what?
I hear the faint sound of chaching n the background when I read this
SafeSexWensday WITH MIKEY
fridayreads Bobby vs.
Girls by Lisa Yee.
I met her yesterday at a conference.
Awesome person and amazing writer.
Good Morning.
Everybody!
Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Loving life to the fullest :
has given me the greatest exit line ever!
Bye bitches!
Luv it!
Getting into the holiday spirit here!
Yummy new flavors coming soon:
This cat farts too much!
Fuck It, To Sleep I Go.
Mister got bread like quiznos
HAPPY HOLIDAYS.
Gift of Health.
FREE Medsonix Treatment.
Until Jan 1, 2010.
Friends join FaceBook or Twitter.
Treats PAIN, MS, RA Migraines.
Females these days.
Is it low self esteem ?
lmao.
Heading out for Cinco de doctornko?
Do us all a favor and book your ride home now!
Use twtvite to host tweet up.
Heading to Woodstock on Tuesday and then Chicago after Xmas.
Soon!
When are you visiting ;
exactly!
except now it is research.
My only real complaint about Cap is that there really should have been two Cap movies set in WW2 before Avengers came out.
ok, well keep me posted :o
with every intention on working on US for the rest of his life
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
Today you are you, that's truer than true.
There's no one alive that's youer than you
Old glasses clinking and a new orders blinking.
And I, I should be floating but Im weighted by thinking.
insulted me..Damn u and ur clever mindgames!
Good morning!!
AP
just got some new furniture.
took a while to set up.
Right back atcha!
Busted hand before break when supershort, aak5sscc jammed after i 3bet button open, q high dd flop, he had qqj7dddh  in for a reentry
no it's fine, haha.
my mom's like, why would you like them, it's not like you're gonna end up with them.
it's asdfghjkl.
PS I get to see you so soon!!!
I got codeine in my cup you can bet your ass I'm sippin'
um, the nondiabetes side.
Well known fact!
Good question!
This isn't the day I angsted over a paper and dealt w/ undergrad brattiness.
This is the day and I took a pic with Julie D'Acci.
Why do they sell Pringles at Best Buy?
Or is the real question why am I eating them for breakfast right now?
I will forward this to our executive director and we will be in touch!
Thanks!!!
I JUST TWEETED...TO SAY..I LOVE U...
..and I mean it from the bottom of my heart!
leave them alone
Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America.
GWB
RT : HAPPY CHARTER DAY TO THE BRUHS AT
you're rude, i was asking you nicely, what's with the hate?
lol okay.
Okay then, I see....
let's see female and shopping what a surprise lol
RT : spending 10 of marketing dollars on digital to engage/grow audience, build social audience, test/learn
...right umm thanks?
Kristen Stewart is a very awkward public speaker
What would happen if pigs went on strike?
They'd form pigget lines.
I am literally waiting for the phone to ring.
Such is the life of a PRgirl.
I want everyone to come amd support my team tomarrow.At Mason high school  5 pm on friday :
cross pollination has begun!
thank you social media networks of networking!
is super busy but surviving.
thankful to have work and more lined up in the wings.
Is anyone out there?
Vegan?
Vegetarian?
There are plenty of options for you
I need to start using Facetime again 
Boy, what a really close 1A game huh???
Be proud.
Represent.
The rain in Spain
but you love me ;
oh, I'm not complaining
I need to know who this pick is.
Come on already!!!
Sure it's not Paps  Blanton?
MT : Looking forward 2 my 1st How about they trade Youk  get Papelbon back?
email.
Matter of time.
Not knowing any culture, politics, history or anything else that occured more than 5 years ago...
Oh coffee, you smell so good right now.
Watching the proceeds of the Greek austerity plan...so much violence
Yess!!
I will be on Monday though!
Can't wait to get the party started!!!
Vegas!!
ah...
such a beautiful, rainy day :
ineed a new twifey !
my old jawn dissed me.
sup w.
it ?
I wish I could attend!
Will you eventually have this available on iTunes or your website?
hey nicky i seen you on tv and i like what u do.
i was wondering if u teach tattooing i tattoo and want to learn more
I wonder if Kobe will lose on purpose tonight.
one does not simply K me.
Harper's A team in Syracuse is near the bottom of attendance rankings for Int'l League this season also.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
Can only wonder what Hayekians dally with...
FOOTBALL IS BACK!!
Tough call.
I'd take Lasorda though in a close one
thank you So much for the donation!
You're awesome!!
69 now.
How do we get more???
We've got joining live this morning from the U.S.
Bank Center, leading the Fight For Air Climb!
RT Did you watch yet?
What did you think?
Lacking Nick Collins evident, but Morgan Burnett  2 picks  knows where to be.
Only about 55,000 worth of member items are Assembly Dems.
Or a total of 13 items
Kinda?
Did Cuddles Do Something Bad?
:P
so much Klout fool
Wait.
Strike That.
Set my alarm for 1:30 a.m.
Gotta watch doctor's comeback with Snoop  Coachella.
lol.
Damn This East Coast Time Zone!
Hey your hot i know what for cuz u got those crazy little curlsEveryone else in the world everyone else but you!
Harry you light up my world
I hate it when people use other peoples phones to tell me to fuck off...
never had a headache this bad in my life inpain 
hey guys, start your games on saturday at a time you can broadcast them on tv or tell fox to shut up
Beyond excited to join the latest sexperts at IASHS in SF!
Chicken souffle empanada sounds real good right about now.
Touring WashIngton D.C.
All day...2morow Home bound :
Umm Jonathan Cude from McKinney not so nice
I taste pain and regret in your sweat
Good morning folks love u all and have a great day
only 28 days until graduation!!!
yay!
Glad you made contact.
See ya soon.
There's this female at my school lounge doctornking Coke Zero cause she doesn't wanna get fat...
Roger Sterling on LSD.
Best storyline ever.
omg wish we could!
So hot!
Shake it baby!
haha that I would DEFINITELY believe
i say that..
I love my curly hair, sometimes..
and can help!
Thanks for the retweet.
Bieber vs One Directon vs The Wanted?
okay, that's so fucking stupid.
1.
Justin is a SOLO artist, the other 2 are bands.
I love 1D  JB:
Can't believe I have that freakin fake baby again tomorrow.
Fuck.
Merry Xmas to al me peeps and team
Micheal woods tonight !
Time to rage
Auditions, stuff on the list, Belated birthday lunch, meeting for our startup company, work out and back to the list.
That's a plan.
Goin to get my herr did
At LAX...not a good time.
find me!
So far so great!
Smart Pipe RT how the heck r you guys going to implement viewability for RTB
I now understand the pain when they discontinue your favorite lipstick :
I just finished a 12.0 mi run with a pace of 8'45/mi with Nike GPS.
It is very frustrating.
I thought about trying it as well, but thought better not.
BTW, you need many keywords for ur game
...
the thing about Evangelical Christian voters is, they think God and the church can fix the economy.
But, the gov must stop gay marriage.
I woke up today with an uncontrollable desire to break into the shoehorn industry.
Really stuck on first step to take.
Let's do it all over again tonight.
Ya know.
Questions annoy me.
I'm sure that you will find some to be alone with...
MT : Congrats to fellow Vegas scribe on fellowship.
Should make a social media whiz even more of a pro
Ok so I'm doctornking and your not here!
!
Hurry, Boots And Bikinis starts at 11!
Come doctornk with me 
Yeah.
Pretty much.
I don't think caffeine goes bad.
Getting sleepy EARLY :
I don't like Floyd, but I LOVED him repeatedly telling Cotto You're fucking with the best while staring down each other
My dad is gonna piss me off.
Told my brother he needs to call my mom n say happy mothers day but i know my dad didnt.
N didnt wish me hbd
you made it sound like you were a VIP for wantful.
haha santa is not real, cool items on your list though...stay
New York bright lights big city gone to my baby;s head.......my baby H sweet of sweets love to lap him so sexy
The video for Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism is finished.
TONIGHT Morena Maulers, Timmy Nostalgic and the Waybacks, Seminal Pink Sex Panther 15
He fouled from behind but Ima hit them weights this summer
yeah I'm pretty sure....there were so many performers yesterday I can't remember names
Hungry  need coffee :/
my teenage cousin found and downloaded our music for free off his cell / made me feel old
and get ready for some crazy Nacogdoches hotness!
And I'm not just talkin about the weather ;
Soups of the day: Chicken pastina, tortillini brodo, Greek lemon chicken , split pea , chicken gumbo , ravoli florentine !!!!
Appreciate it!
it's hard dealing with all of that uncertainty on top of the suffering.
I want a boyfriend to cuddle with that will take me out and get along with my friends that I can have fun with, were are the cute ones at
: I HAD doctorAM I MET BLANCA AND MOS WANTED LMAO.
and it shall happen bby
I'd like to apologize to M.
Night Shyamalan for my previous comments about The Last Airbender.
It was only sort of unwatchable.
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 2 at those challenges and view them either as obstacles or as opportunities.
I've chosen to view every challenge
Nope, I don't buy it.
There is only one f in Follow...so why do they use two?
Sorry...I can't accept this!
:
saw u at the knick game tonight u looked gorguess as hell as always luv ya!
Maybe one day u can't take me with u!?
The Big Duck Fan has 40 racks of ribs ready...
Who's from the bay area?
:
There are 24 usable hours in a day and I am making use of my Monday for sure!
Wooohooo in dallas watching the super bowl ......wheres the after parties at???!!!!
Just got checked in at the hospital for baby numero 3!!!
i said dont answer that question!
and how do you know theyre flirting?
wel text me i sent u my number in DM
That seems to be what I see.
They're exempt and there's no way to prove she's not being educated.
Olay was derived from the word lanolin: a fatty substance, extracted from wool, used in ointments, cosmetics, etc.
What are you doing today to prepare yourself for what you want your tomorrow to be?
no girl, they're overachievers.
don't you worry your pretty little ambitious heart :
I know!
I was like damn you.
stunning as always.
Great floaty camera work on the film, and color saturation on the spreads.
Thanks for sharing.
Good point RT: Sometimes NMNH's curators spend months in places where they don't have reliable access to tech.
flip flop no feet, handicap but eat meat...
looking at u make me go awww naww lol
That's what Domb Ozzy was saying but he has to realize in America these days you really do not have freedom of speech, and have to retract.
Sittin down eating at ice castle my feet hurt.
I really cant skate
You never told me this was a synthesizer!!!
At sams club waiting 4 tires to be put on.
One guy working on 4 cars, not very efficient...
who needs valet?
Park far, and get the exercise lol.
Can't wait for to nail it tonight!
And one can also say that caved on Rosenberg or do you not know the difference between a resignation and a firing?
And Number 1
Totally kicked ass today in the tournament today!
OMG plzz come 2 Aventura or Hallandale : I really wanna c u :
TRX meets the beat...
Had a great time at Body Blast this morning with trainer at empower this morning...
My booty hurts
: Matta fac im workin on a lovely piece on INKed post dat hoe i wanna see it,brodie
Fab artwork at SIAC today, Chicago Book Expo tomorrow!
Wzup everybody?
Been off twitter on my  grind ...I probably missed a bunch of good stuff.
I just walked into a wall..
silly me...
Haha
Very cool.
Make it easy to give  crazy idea.
Send me a picture and details.
Yes, it also stirs dumb celebs who can afford iron gates  security guards to sick crazies onto regular people invites vigilantes.
Had a blast yooo
I can never remember my sprint password.
I reset it like once a week.
Holiness isn't a look!
It's a lifestyle!
yes.
Hell yes.
Off to the post office.
Melo said he gon live by the gun !
Working on lyrics for a country tune I'm cowriting with a buddy.
Feel like I should burn some coffee or something to get the mood going...
Hey you!
It's been a while kiddo!
How's life in LA TV treating you?
Love following your tweets..: Invite me up!
I'm there!
thank you so much!
And same to you I just never got the chance to tell you!
i really need more followers, I am trying to use this twitter thing and i just dont get it, lol
Aww :: Got dammit car started smoking..this can't be life
Twitter is suggesting I follow Snookie because you do as well.
QualityReadingMaterial?
Remember!!!
It's easy to point fingers...until it's your hand caught in the cookie jar...Cut the man some slack!!!
Whats with this trill shit all of a sudden?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
ENTER THE doctorGON!!
COME ON.
THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN.
And shut up, he only turned to see who we were.
You would have too.
We are not only receivers  we are contributors!
i need europe.
bad.
I refuse to settle for second best!
Gonna go see the lorax with my nephew hes forever my movie dateand excuse to see kid movies
Don't mind me, I'm in love with the characters I create.
Recognize the signs: Child neglect is when a parent fails to provide adequate supervision, food, clothing, shelter for a child.
does Reed Johnson have a twitter?
Bitch you beneath me like ah coaster !
I done been in more bitches walls then a boy band poster :
these 3rd shifts is kickin my ass
Tomorrow's FINALLY Friday....
Association events are coming up in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Seattle and Atlanta.
Please let me know if you'd like more info!
Preservation is a good return on American investment
5 more hours!
:D
Once a Belieber, always a Belieber.
We Will Never Leave Kidoctoruhl 3
Trying real hard 2 stay positive.
Lost my entire purse, probably while doing laundoctor.
smh Sometimes it never fails, thank goodness 4 plastic
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
All the cool kids are taking the 3:05 train back to DC from Penn Station.
Let's play a game!
Tweet yr favorite quotations from pbc12 and we'll name the most popular quote the official 2012 NOTABLE QUOTABLE
look closely at that video from last night and u can see rondo hanging with Josh smith after the game!
If you could pick one word to describe us, what would it be?
Last UTSA home game TOMORROW.
Say it ain't so!
No I have not, I'll be able to get to them later tonight.
coworking is quite different than the focus of your story, but I'm happy to share thoughts!
Susan AT officenomads DOT com.
NASCAR it up, Jerm.
It's not like we bought a pig in a poke.
Cool workshop!
Met Donna McKenna and talent manager Jennifer Lederer!
Both with awesome responses to all the actors' questions!
yeah but it needs to be like ugh..
Idkkkk lol
I would love to!
Dark day.
I am twittering.
WOOT WOOT!!!
We're waiting in Minneapolis!
Can't wait til you are on VIKING doctorve!!!
is working on carrying a line of basics for women...we will keep you informed.
Glad to hear that dinner was apparently satisfying.
I'll have to try that place for a special occasion sometime.
gotta make a new page new email!
Headed to Texas tonight, pardners!
I think you made an epic fail following me you silly ignorant feline
You can't look manly while standing on your tippy toes.
Our conte center is now on twitter!
Lots of great mental health updates to come!
/cc
Follow me, I'll follow back 
Cool stuff going on in edge lab.
Http://edgelab.ge.com
Valentino Celebrate Launch Of First Ever Virtual Museum World renowned fashion house, Valentino, have dived into the Virtual world by lau
you've spent top much time on the copy edit desk
Ok here are more think out of the box kind of ideas for new cohost.
PeterDeluise Harold or Kumar and Harry Connick Jr.
I am in love with a boy, manufactured to destroy NP Lady in Spain
You will play by way of a game, discover any bugs or glitches, after which submit stories on any points that you came across
Best German food in Milwaukee!
Have fun, y'all.
u bull shittin?!?!
Our telly is so random but so awesome lmao
had a power nap during my writing.
got an idea about the data in my doctoram, lol
What's a God to a nonbeliever?
New rule: don't say lol
No Compromise wit QA wit Pastor Vines was dope!
Reaction to the Wings being in a 20 hole to the
stop releasing your cars so early!
It runs the suprise of it when they actually hit the market
that grand slam was ugly!
:
It is not he who reviles or strikes you who insults you, but your opinion that these things are insulting.
Epictetus
kozelek is crazy good.
I feel like acting gets more  more infused into my vains!!
Love it!!
if i adopted a road i would name it after eather bieber rd or bieber ave now that would be a LEGIT ROAD fersure!!
:D
ESPN reports Washington Wizards fire head coach Flip Saunders
In prep school, Romney tricked a visually impaired teacher into walking into a door.
Mitt will be a GREAT salesman for GOP economic policy!
come find me when you are done over there like last year?I promise I won't just put vodka on the porch and then go to bed!
a bit?
I should say so!
Lol good evening
Thank you gorgeous!
SATURDAY!!: GROOVE master class w/ Pat Cruz of   7p reg  class starts 730p   12  flyer coming!
Thanks to Cedar Square's monthly trivia contest, I'll be able to feed myself for the next week and a half
me what's up??
Distilleries bring all sorts of flare to events.
Breweries just bring a fuckin' keg.
I like the beer dudes approach.
now if they didn't spend countless  on print advertising maybe service would improve or fares decline.
I never noticed that cooked carrots are kinda gross.
I miss you too : We used to be such good friends, now we never talk
Orioles loss to Yankees doctorps them into a tie for first in AL East.
Oh.
crap.
Reese.
We all empathize.
Most common NW connectivity performance complaint: Why is my Internet slow?
shares survey findings.
Through our world famous 90210 gateway we're building the largest distribution channel for Mobile Media content in the global marketplace.
that too
follow you, you have to have their name in your twitter.
Well at least that's how it is with Thomas and Connor
More like embarassing...its an early Easter Egg in the online version of the story...gotta find it
organizational culture question.
Is it possible to build a great biz culture if leaders are not living organizational values?
sometimes lifes rough patches really do groom you for a better tomorrow..take the best of each situation and move forward life ;
Life goal: a follow from
Damn can't wait to go to Cali!
Sick of Ohio already haah.
I'mma go talk on the phone.
c: BYE.
do you really have a unicorn?
if so, pics plz.
Wish it came with a Tshirt though, cause has a cool logo.
Fake people 
Everyone has his day, and some days last longer than others.
Winston Churchill, quoted in the London Express
Whoa, for real?
What is the heading?
Whoa!!
I heard there's a new trick where if you retweet a user's last 10 tweets they send you their nudes!!!
yes me and Maddie want to chill with your parents...
7 If you do well, will you not be divinely authorized?
via All cruel people describe themselves as paragons of frankness.
Tennessee Williams.
Think about how you message to others!
Noticed a store advertising end of season sale.
I guess they don't realize global warning has extended summer to practically Halloween.
Athletes cheat all the time...but few rape.
Just a few hours left to get your taxes done.
Me, been there done that.
how many threes for the bad guys
Hello Art Mann
Happy mothers day to all the teen moms out there
sadness.
k.
I miss u and we have to chill 3
Here's hoping!
Ha!
You'll be up there with me, tho!
Adele crushing it
Fuck any Boxing or MMA fights this weekend?
If not this weekend gonna suck :
winning that conference should have landed them in this weekend's Division II playoffs.
League is poster child for DI bloat.
In Jagan's illegal assets case.
I've already got him at 5 on the SKC bloggers list.
Me being the top 4 of course.
Would somebody like to bring me donuts or 2 breakfast tacos?
Thanks in advance!
I thought that would shockfactor lol
That is an awesome idea!!

And yes, men cheating on their wives at the same subtle rate of blow consumption in Scarface is getting old.
DearTeacher please dont ask me to be quiet..maybe u should be quiet
To all my followers and to those whom I just followed, follow me
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Ya'll got yall panties in a bunch over some 30 sec snippets???
Well, I be damned...
We're all friends on twitter here lol
I'll accept the challenge.
Sounds like fun.
Remember, it is up to us as students to make this years Mifflin a safe event, you can still have fun and be safe!
FF just an all around good character  friend  we love her  her social media marketing advice!
Well, didn't win the powerball.
But no one else did either!
Just means I buy another ticket  await my turn to buy my station.
Happy Mothers Day :
Le raining.
3
What's in YOUR cup on this rainy day?
yeah, and he hired her.
makes perfect sense.
Tough loss.
Suns need to improve.
Fredoctorck will ask for a restraining order
Mims has problems
A great campus visit today with a DFW big man!
He is a super nice kid with a bright future on  off the court.
Yeah, I know, that would be wonderful lol.
I should be around Wednesday, why do you ask?
lol :
any other 16 year olds wanna cuss me out tonight lol
: My niece Steffie Ferrer is coming to the pregame Sun.
Pls say hello to her.
She's your biggest fan.
Really.
RT hipstercouples Are allowed to say all the sideways racist shit they want because everyone KNOWS they're not racist.
So what's your point ?
AntiMartelly thugs got beat by Martelly thugs ?
so what ?
u think those students were peaceful???
smh
: Somehow it's nicer, because it seems less artificial.
It's the real deal.
:
The website seems to be down!
Any news on that?!
have a GREAT Birthday 6!
the most important thing is to be ready to face the things you will see when you're dead, isn't is my dear Mature
RT : No hitter for Roy Halladay!!
What a way to start the MLB playoffs!
holy crap, that was awesome!!
Q3e : People are so busy, they don't have time to troll all the info out there!
Let them rely on your brand!
Social PR
forreal they have sex on the playground  everything.
And this your hood
happy bday big bro, long time no see!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 47
when you give up on someone, its not because you dont care anymore.
its because you realize they dont.
reminder that feet and kpop are esports related
Wow Joey Votto.
Decent game today.
I'm just gonna get mine lol
Oog!
Good book!
Good Re
Welcome aboard to our newest Coowner !
We'll DM u your Account details.
I'm not a 'BusinessMan'!
I'm a Business...
man!
Let me handle my business, damn!
JayZ
if I buy tickets again!
Haha
I don't know who this productive woman is in my body, but I'd like to keep her.
Browns fans that don't like all white unis need to look at 86.
They wore all white at home
I got one.
and Pumas did not go through la liguilla..this weekend has been so depressing
why wernt you in any of your classes today?
Noway!
What would be the point?
There wouldn't be anyone left to impress!
you can be a junior with sophmore credits.
Your like in the middle.
I am dying of pollen.
So the trees get their revenge after all.
: Today's a good day.
I just found an unused razor cartridge in my bathroom.
Simple pleasures of bearded men!
We may shine we may shatter and may be picking up the pieces here on after.
Hmm yes...I guess that is how a hippo would deal with an unspoken treadmill rule...indeed!
I have no life.
Planning this Road trip to Cali this summer w/
AmyI can like see parts of my life in my head Devynthey're called memories...
I act so ungrateful to my momma and she go through hell and high water for/with me.
S/O to my OG!
I love her I swear 3
Email, for example: less than 1 is legitimate, the rest is spam and cyberattacks.
Your ISP cuts most of it off at the pass.
cant believe i just scared a girl...didnt want to tho lol:D
Don't Kanye West me, otherwise I'll Chirs Brown youband Tiger Woods your mom.
What's Mindy watching?
sure : your followed
Great Pump class Chapel Thrill!
Sorry for your struggles; your tweets are most entertaining this evening.
Tagged something hatesprinters last week; can relate.
Tomorrow is Mothers' Day!
Will you be celebrating with your mom and family tomorrow?
Nice.
Not too far out, and for a good cause.
chuckloses fundoctoriser for
We R a brand new computer service that currently deals w/NY  South Florida customers.
Can we trade ads on eachothers media?
RT DOES MS.
HUTCHINSON STILL WORK THERE??!!
lol yeaa, her ass still work here
You don't have our edibles yet Patients want them
When people don't remember things that they said to you...so are you gonna forget all those promises you made to me too?
kakao talk ma'am
not true!
Haha
Good luck to El Cajon's own who is racing at Pocono currently underway.
Wonder if the new movie new years eve is good has anyone seen it?
Thanks for the shoutout!
Glad all snows starting to melt!
Bring on Spring!
I'd just roll with it lol!!!
what it do good brother.......
just pushing this book bro bro
Ironically, I secretly adore all of YouTube except for cat videos and Glee videos.
As he's a gooner i show respect.
Also have time for CNN, Head office is near me in ATL
I'll add alumchat and now  great suggestions!
:
doctored grapes!
am i right?
whos with me?
oh college, a time for learning
It has a mind of its own.
Thx!
: Bryan!
Your hair has gotten MASSIVE!
3 it.
Yes!
The Artist!
Perfect!
I know.
But it shouldn't be.
Eliminate 1,2 and go straight to three.
not much just rented a bunch of movies about to relax for the night :.
Haha people these days are dumb.
true that man :
Tasting the rainbow right now.
It's raining..
My plans are fucked.
We are getting so excited about next hope month.
Do you want to go camping with us?
On my level watup twitter world
doctormmond, king of etiquette, says it's a phopahh
So sad!
There's a 98 chance I'll be back tomorrow: 
First Coaches Edge webinar is in the books.
We have to smooth out some wrinkles, but it's a good first step in the right direction.
talk w/Chris Plante PreserveMarriageWA talk abt N.Carolina ban of SameSexMarriage statement
nice save!
Great presentation !
Thanks for inviting us.
You look like a bitch, so i dont like you and dont wanna talk to you, ever.
Damien looks eeeeevvvvil with those dark eyes in black and white.
I was just in a conversation that included the phrase essentializing Hegelian dialectic.
I  working in a university.
definitely my favorite by him.
Remember when Feingold said unions supporting Falk with PAC money was bad?
His PAC money is much more kosher.
IM Special okay!
U know that so don't judge
I 3 daylight savings time.
That is all.
Million  idea of the day: Someone should breed dogs that look like they have mustaches/beards and sell them to hipsters.
I need some photo work done man...
I can't stand the whole plan the pregame crap.
Give me a break.
Give me a hot dog and a beer at the park tailgaiting is lame.
Thanks for the RT
call me today to discuss your audio needs!
Cardinals have Gallardo figured out
...
then finished the night by delivering 40 yards of native mulch In Spring Valley!
What can we do for you??
i think that song came out like 3 years ago.
LOL...
they did a good job w/ that soundtrack
When were with each other something always goes down .
Texting people first 
What are you going to be checking out at LegalTech LTNY?
Remember all of our locations are closed today for Easter, but we'll be here bright and early tomorrow morning.
Enjoy the holiday!
fake emcees, bboys, graff artists and dj's.
yer a disgrace pretending to know the elements.
Happy Holidays sports fans!!!!
Have a great day!!
I feel high....
But I'm not.
Seriously, so good.
that's the best advice ever I agree completely
Thanks for helping with petitions Bob!
Every GOP and Conservative Party signature is gold to our campaign.
People need to stop trying to rush time.
THAT'S MEAN!
He had surgery.
He can sleep if he wants to.
Don't bother him or I'll kill you 

not bad for Toshiba tablet  Asus transformer would be nicer
And here we go LFC vs CFC it crunch time
I just saw a girl in a smart car texting and doctorving.
Not so smart now, huh?
No rating from this me.
I would only say state GOP saw need to handle this in private meeting, which seems a rarity
finally got on twitter TYB 4 the pic, post the bday wishes from ur friends, sorry I don't have an iphone I can't play along,d'oh!
Head over to Mcmenamins Mission Theatre today 115 for the crafty underdog!
Shopping,food,beer,music...lots of crafty finds
oh really is that so!
To all of the moms out there...Have it your way today.
Happy Mother's Day!
yum!
is right across the street, and you are making hard to resist.
Baseball game Friday .
Then two games Saturday .
Then going to Ashlyn's about to party it up .
;
PLEASE make it happen quickly!
Sorting the recyclables separately has taken over our pantry  moved into the kitchen too!
lol well good morning to you too sir
tell ya mom I said text me
Next year is YearOfChase!
Thinking about the home opener for sporting in june
Leaving Aspen.
2nd stop on You Are A Gift to the World tourBoulder BN on Pearl St today 4:306 w/ the fab
20ThingsAboutMe even if I say I don't like someone, it's usually just temporary.
I get along with like everyone.
A great tip to help lymphatic doctorinage: sip on plain hot water throughout the day.
Do this for a couple of weeks to help your body cleanse!
How are you liking seeing someone finally doctorving the ball into the paint a la Lin?
Sorry I'm in love with elle varner.
Yea bitch...to the left
Tonight, I'll be on the roof.
added a few new videos to the site www.sinzibukwud.com start planning now to come see us at Johnny's Irish pub Oct 16
please follow me I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :' 98
RT  If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the 'Jags'  the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as the 'Bucs,' what does that make th...
You can't blame this game on me.
i need to organize my life
Just got back from the river w/ !
:D
I've seen things like that before, but this was odd.
Like they added new tech just because they could.
don't tell me!
I gotta see it!
are you having a good night?
ThatAwkwardMoment when people think is part of Daft Punk........
Sorry for your loss, didn't think the Rams had it in them.
You say you like me but then you go to some other girl..
I want to say dontevencare but in reality I'm saying OneThing ...
letsbringback real singers and get rid of auto tune
I love it when my boys check in with me before I even have to ask because they don't want me to worry, since they know I will
Homemade meatballs?
Man, I wish ya'll lived down the street from us.
Whaddya say?
Chitown or bust?
Thank you for the invitation!
It's a lazy Tuesday.
Kinda feeling like a loser, what with my weekend being everyone else's Monday and Tuesday
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS  ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 810  Party After 102am!!
RT RT.
Bummed that I'm missing out on all the Thundering Up with my peeps back home...
glad u found them!
One of life's great mysteries...RT : Why do Jazz musicians stand in line at the bank...?
No one knows.
Phillies v Braves game starts at 12:10.
Guess i wont be paying attention in 6th period
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
you can buy one off our site or I can get one to you!
I'll get one to you it's easier
you got this, girl
I cant wait till is back in Cali!
:
Its hard to be happy when everything is against it.
Coworkers walking up and down the hall with buckets and towels...
do I want to know?
pound yo ass!!
Hilarious!
: You attract what you are.
No wonder all my friends are beautiful!
fin was supposed to be fun.
I don't think fin is an adjective
JORDAN: 6 Guess that's why everybody loves him...more than Kobe
Instagram sold ...
for a billion dollars.
One Billion.
Billion with a B.
Billion.
fck.
That's like the least casual thing I've ever heard.
I love when Eminem say: One More Time ...
Is so SEXY !
i love when our neighbors have their fireplace going.
seriously.
best.
smell.
ever.
How many days till pitchers and catchers report?
If you actually pay for a soda cup at chipotle you ain't bout that lyfe
The chances you know you'll never have again always give you the biggest headaches.
Mgmt was surprising awesome 2night!
Lowered my expectations after snl...wasn't dissapointed by their show though!
I'd love to know who that hot guy in the bar was last night.
Awesome Keith!
I don't understand the sheer volume of conferences  meetups.
Doesn't anyone have any work to do?
Or a family?
Or maybe I just don't get it.
whoa, that could be dangerous late night!
lol why didn't you do this yesterday?????
we're a silly bunch of people.
grown people on an easter egg hunt!
how crazy is that!!
haha
Just seen a car full of dudes pull up to another lady in her car and ask for a cigarette...and she gave it to them
Love that we did pretzel in bar class tonight for NationalPretzelDay!
Need better screen captainre software for usability testing.
Camtasia vs.
captainvate: recommendations?
The country of Honduras has its own laws and statues that deal with immigration and deportation situations
Watching Wristcutters: A Love Story.
Let hope its god.
Ronny Turiaf goes Heart to Heart
Yoga with and
Nice to see Jones back in the action...just one more weapon..
Maybe because I always doctorp my iPhone, but it has to be the worst autocorrecting iPhone in the history of iPhones 
Can't wait to see prev UpLate guest perform her new jam as well!
Come see us tmister if you're in attndce

The Assist man once again gets another TripleDouble!
Off to work ...
grind time
thank's for the follow ;
Am I the only one that still wears boxers I had in 8th grade?
man i sleep good last night i did not wanna wake up
If you work it, you'll get.
If you don't get it in this life the Upanishads say it is 'mahati vinashti', a great loss.
i was out by around midnight.
why are you working so hard?!
there can't be THAT much news in Mansfield!
:
Up early again :
That is true.
Thanks for being honest ;
so could I.
And there soup to is good.
we r going to have fun tomorrow promise
I'm told that when it comes to making business deals in aggressive corporations, the rock climbing wall is preferred over the golf course.
Basketball must come on every night since somf talk about it every night .
RIP Stacks and Where Else, That leaves Purdue with 2 campus bars for 35k people.
Hmm looks like I won't be attending homecoming this year.
why did that bitch try to give us a health class lesson
attack your doctorams and be great TGIF let's go!
In an editorial that goes up on our website tonight, we'll suggest Barrett, Flynn, Chisholm do more to cure the disease infecting MPD.
I think I'm going to change the adage, time flies when you're having fun, to time flies when you're gettin old.
I hate how none of my friends like my relationship with my boyfriend.
No one is ever happy with my decisions...
Thanks for the MT/RT this week!
Just did a sneak preview of our show for the Seniors at the YMCA.
So much fun and great to have a responsive audience before we open.
If You Want Things Done, You Gotta Do Things Yourself!
Hittin the open road on my bike this morning!
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms out there :
Things unraveling rather quickly for the Brewers...quick do something!
Figured I'd throw a tweet your way too just to cover my bases...
no puns intended.
Check your facebook messages!
Thanks!
Nice to see the Crew lock down Gallardo.
Andoctor Iguodala returns for
Planning a trip to see in Oklahoma since I missed them in Dallas
AFT in 6.75 hours.
Who is going to be there with us tonight?
One of the locals offered to help us plant a tree.
We Got This.
But thank you.
:
Follow us !
Those look very good!
Waiting for tonight's episode of Downton Abbey.
Easy peasy here.
Are guys gonna play at the underground again sometime?
you guys playing poker tomorrow?
Hey!
and How about a reporter run down to this MKE precinct and find out just exactly what is the hold up!
FRAUD??
thnx man...I would love to be part of it, fingers crossed!
You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.
This is the great  first...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA lol i fucking love chinatown.
sad thing is...he really thought it was Don lolz
i keep wanting to acknowledge that i like a tweet, but without wanting to retweet it.
sigh ...
anyway I'm done, u guys tweeted at me, so u started it
i can't believe we actually won tricounty.
Knew she was signing but didn't realize she was in Frisco!
k bye guys
conducting an open media coaching session on 10/15 in Portland.
Email for cost  details.
why am i so happy right now?haha:
My two little cousins are quoting my comedy videos!
I feel so cool!
When you are ready love will appear!
you guys have swag, so can you follow back??
Haters make me famous.
How is it that my new iPad stays at 90 charge for 2 days but my iPhone dies every day?
So cute they asked me if I was his sister cousin aunt wife girlfriend
aww!
So glad you two connected :
Just finished the Charmed series absolutely awesome!!!!
My nephew just said uncle, why are you playing a restaurant song?
He is 5 years old...
that means a lot : it's nice to meet you!!
taking your bra off is the best feeling.
SCREAMTOURNYC IS ABOUT 2 GO DOWN!!!
Do you think that's why the Patriots' offense falls off when it's time for playoff football.
Thanks!
You prefer that because it's easier to understand than something like 65/834?
Or another reason?
Just found a spider in my bed..
Then lost it..
Guess I'm sleeping on the couch for a week..
BiggestFear  spiders..
Or just bugs in general
testing.
testing...
can I join you for the rest, you can keep the salad...lol
ik memphis might go finals
You mean Jesse and the Rippers?
Yeah, they rocked.
Whoops.
RT matching!
or you look like a boater RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit
what doctorma ?
Don't give in to beerpressure
Win Avengers Movie Screening Passes right now on Kiss 97.3
Why do we always hate on the people who are doing good in life instead of celebrating with them?
iug2012 is a users group meeting for libraries that use Innovative Interfaces for their OLD.
ATTN PROMOTERS/INVESTERS AKA UNCLE SWIZZLE NOW WORKS FOR A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY.
based IN LA ATTN: PROMOTERS, SERIOUS INVESTERS
I was to, my class went out to the football field and I knew like none of them
for all of you iPhone, iPad, iTunes heads  beware of phony emails claiming to be from Apple asking you to update your credit card info.
Make sure to tweet about us at tomorrow!
Use the hastag SportsExposDen and connect with fellow sportsmen!
Anyone else poopooing the day of rest and doing something active?
Is that your ex?
No, that's the biggest mistake of my life.
I Like DJin good music and kickin it with my love and all my friends and hanging out with my pup and of course i love cars
Dear Toy Story 3, you better be good!
This is my childhood you're toying with.
The festival sounds like fun.
I'd love more details to write it up.
DM me if you have time.
I'M FREAKING OUT!!!!!!
best movie I've seen in ages!
Before that I had all of the Von Erichs.
Think they were free from Pizza Hut?
Hey  give a smile to that person in the mirror!
well I will await then!
N.
Maw Music of Memory ...22 yrs since i did premiere finally teaching it TWICE at NEC this yr Bravo to Colin and Robert B for taking it on!
we're not friends anymore.
I love She is so classy.
Love this.
RT : Just trying to help people understand that we're not perfect.
: love how retweets criticism
Get to for at now!
Shows at 7p NO COVER!
Thank you!
My mama askd me today how come I wasn't Prom King in high school I said cuh I was a LAME!
Lol
Programming new color schemes for the LED lights in the dome ceiling!
Exciting stuff!
i was thinking about that!!
i was just so amazed we were meeting ariana
In 30 minutes will be 18.
Time flies doesnt it?
Love you Justin!
I could not have said it better.
Acquisition may be good for the founders, but will be it be good for the users?
Doubt it.
And my God will meet all your NEEDS according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:19  U NEED JESUS
Soon i will have my gym pass and be in there this late!
you had me at anticross.
End of year giving.
Consider , , , , Good Shepherd Housing  Family Services,
For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and selfdiscipline.
2 Timothy 1
There is legit a show called dinosaur train...
fuck free tv
What's going on?
go ape on
can you manage to snap a pic?!
one time I got called out for outward cheering for a player because I said look at  go.
I just get excited about baseball!
Too bad it's not winter.
You sure would heat the place up..
I said he should get suspended for 10 days.
Still applies.
And you are a sycophant.
Off to London now so wont be on until Tuesday!
/ See you all then and love u all!!
3 muchlove to all my followers!!
D
second half no score yet.
Shout out to for going hard at the greygoose event tonight.
Baritone sax is the most uneven sounding instrument when close miked.
occasional lows, evaporating highs...
Awesome work, Danny!
RT : 50mg of StormBeGone and it disappeared!
No snow today.
yeah it's been a good minute.
Last time I was there was for my birthday last month.
Did some bday shots :
thank you :
That is AWESOME!
The hubby is introducing me to the quiet storm.
the slow jam is on.
With your avi theres no need for more tbt RT : y'all act like there's never gonna be a throwback thursday again just chill
mygraduationspeech Fck you, Fck you, You're cool, Fck You, Im out , DEUCES!
Omg our waiter is a babe;
wen grab mt butt
DiMasi attorney Cintolo to question gov.
Patrick for no more than a half hour.
send it to my email and ill check it out and let you knw!!
In box me
very cool, appreciate it!
good luck with the radio show, and we'll certainly talk more as the Fanfest in June nears!
Don't forget that we've got 's Norwegian Blue on doctorft!
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense.
Tom Clancy
Under Armour is quickly adding to it's football side of the biz...Julio Jones and Cam Newton Two future stars
WOO HOO!
Finally at LOVE this place!
that bag is a must have I put it on my wishlist!
lol 
Yeah what's that guy's story?
Ahh look at this, call waiting...well you just tell the mayor he just lost 6 votes!
Your doctorams Are Coming True  im standing right behind You  Cinda 100..
I Love Yall!!!!
Ah!
The sneaky plot cloud descends.
i did!
And they had coffee!
We need to hit up this closing reception, yo
the fact is that HIV is manageable thanks to protease inhibitors and others meds
nowplaying Unfinished Business
If things are meant to be, they are meant to be.
Don't stress.
Just enjoy life.
Sometimes i just wander if some people actually care about others...guess not.
Deposit has been sent for st johns university..looks like im going to college after all
I don't work anymore this week..
And I'm really sorry but I can't.
I'm pretty hungover.
Waco loves country music!
Thanks for written such great tunes!
goo.gl/DGMbZ
Exactly!
Thats all it takes!: Funny thing is....
it only takes one to win
FF For some pregaming before this weekend's MLB games:  Mariners  Cubs Rays  Pirates
Heard some incredible music tonight!
Cant wait to hear Donny McCaslin's group again in Columbus tomorrow
70 year old man in the pool today splashing me and doing flips off the diving board extracrazypoolday :p
I knew the D would own tonight!
Congrats Boys!
Most people like to think so....
Depends onwhat you feel is ok?
Joseph V.
Bellino wraps up the first day of our Behavioral Health Confrence by addoctorssing violence in the workplace
Jeff Lyon of DATCP said Governor wanted continued collaboration among those charged with serving WIDairy leading to to dairy sector growth
Hey Nana you are funny.
I'm going to guess.
BahZOOski.
??
Top of the morning Twitter World!
Remember the doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Make the best of it!
do you work harder when you make money or do you quit when you get paid?
do you treat people less cause you have more?
stay balanced.
TYF
How 'bout them ?
Reinforced the team with a couple of key trades.
Only downside is they traded the soul of the team, DFish.
Welcome to the Church of the Holy Cabbage
haha I found out their open til like 4am!
I'm The Realist MuthaFucka In The Game Like Tron Nigga !!
You know that thing where you polish off a bottle of cognac from your friend's wedding, but his wife's remarried with childoctorn?
I did that.
Urbie Green turned 85 on 8 Aug,  he was playing his ass off last nite  Deer Head w/singing wife  pianist son.
What a BLAST!
isn't our LoHi neighborhood the perfect place to lunch?
It's an interesting feeling, as a journalist, to see a page encouraging shares of your story for the chance of winning beer coozies.
I'm glad your having a good time in miami
RT : The only true failure in life is to stop trying.
Unknown
: Some jger to settle my stomach?
dontmindifidothanks for the invite jerk!!!
Kolb probably hoping to be pulled after the first series tonight.
Bad memories from the last time he faced the Packers defense.
wait you booked it?
Lame!
: But he looks much happier pouring that beer.
Thank you for the follow.
Followed back  FB liked.
Peace!
Best wishes for continued good health, too.
We're opening at 9pm, Merry Christmas!
No amount of Tebowing could save Tebow from Brady...God decided that the joke was over.
Tebow will not be starting next year, any bets?
I'm watching your favorite movie ;
ready for that gator game!!!
Really?
That guy?
Weird.
Barabbas hearing about Easter for the first time.
Thanks Dave!
We choose that as well.
Have a great day Brian!
: Wow, I am totally not douchey enough for Monte Vista.
Has it become douchey?
I don't remember it being like that.
Any takers for booze tonight?
I was gone for 2.5 weeks up north finishing my album and teaching my voice students.
I have to leave again for another 3 weeks on Saturday.
sexy beautiful lady
I freaking love you.
That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you.
site is on my professorle.
:
hey this is my twitter, do follow me maybe?
:
please do, I would really appreciate it
: mister Rooter is reliable and will get there on time every time.
someone visit me at work!
Not accepting to the fact I'm one of few juniors at school.
Cant send DM says authentication failed?
Big announcement coming today!!
you are by far one of my favorite people to follow.
Great meeting you.
Keep an eye on us.
A lot more is on the way.
Enjoying my ice latte before work and listening to music 
...
For the record, is NOT my cousin haha.
Pacers beat Miami!
You look so pretty, Cait.
;
Even if women came with a set of instructions, men would toss them aside without reading them.
I doubt anyone is looking at your nails rockin that crossfit body BrownChickenBrownCow ;
totally the girls went sorta crazy
Thor and The Hulk.
Especially when The Hulk wants screen time by himself and Thor goes away.
woahhh!
Looks like I'm going to have to step my game up!
FF for the behind the scenes happenings at She is always planning events from boxing to Gaga concerts!
u will pass away but remember ppl talked shit about u ;p
on me ah liar!
Lunch at Lottie's on now: we're doing orange margaritas  The Freak,  turkey, pesto, guac, roast tomatoes, bacon!
Found Torchwood season 4.
Lets hope the Americans don't make this season suck.
I would to be on the safe side.
It could take 8 weeks or more, so even with the price increse it's probably worth it?
Love those Giants!
Everyone text Vote to 5710 to vote for Eben!
Dude didn't even go after his missed dunk..
NP City of Blinding Lights  U2 3
I'm so sorry for the mix up.
Please bring it back tomorrow between 112 in the Studio Theater and we will fix it right away.
After a tough morning, headed back down to Gilbert for more competition
I can't imagine why the entire world thinks Americans are fat, dumb, lazy and entitled.
Other than, you know, our behavior.
okay I followed
happyjoel you're not friend of mine!
okay :/ sorry that people can be so harsh sometimes.
Confirmed, all OK.
Four guys headed out to help flip it back ponto its wheels
Yaaay my emmy's moving in
I know I just started to get the hang of it now...
How are you?
yup!
pretty pretty cool.
it's shame it's an ad...thanks!
So just isn't enough today, so I'm gonna go to and get my butt kicked there too!
thinkingofFloridanextweek!
You fail at doing that.
2 trucks today Wisconsin and Schmitz park!
yer in DC?
did you hit bier barn?
Pizza Paradiso has great pizza and excellent beer selection
I'm sorry..
Txt me babe.
Let's chat?
:
FF  he's one of the best people I know!
I deff thought it was Friday today
Smile.....It Brightens The Room:
Dnt take it personal!!
Thank you!
Website/IMDb/and FB page all in the works for Last Goodbye.
We like to work backwards!
:
I put a cup a shelf above where my mom wanted it and she starts getting all pissed.
Really..?
Half mast flags today
At the end of the day you just got to be able to make me laugh and not worry
I think Brady's a handsome dude, but he's too greasy, nerdy here.
Sarah, he's got the eyes of a stonecold killer.
:
What has school done to me.
: maxed out my box jump to 50 crossfit jumping out of your shoes man that's great!
anything hgtv I love!
regular people :I love him so much me : FUCK ME NOW JUSTIN
Thanks for the mention!
Just watched my first John Wayne movie; True Grit.
Damn a man that whistles.
I just found out I really don't like painting rooms.
by the bar on the bridge
Life's lessons can become life's wisdom if you let yourself be guided by your heart and remember why you do what you do, you love it.
Most guys will give you their best move first to establish a rhythm  be ready for anything then adjust if you get beat
you were great!
Enjoy your time as MissAR2011!
A Woody Allen movie a day keeps the madness intact.
you were missed!
will do Tyrese...thanx and may God continue to bless u.
and all that u may set forth to do!!!
Get Happy tonight with Mambo Blue playing for free , E.
Wilson, Madison.
Happy hour show from 57.
Gonna be groovin'!
Another exciting day away from the boredom that goes by the name Roanoke
Congrats!
That is so awesome.
6wordstories true beauty lies beneath the surface .
Welcome to Twitter!
will be thanking our FOLLOWERS w/ a special THANK YOU event starting tomorrow!
Rats!
My right ear bud just fell into my full coffee cup.
I can't believe I actually have a twitter now, lolol.
purple haze!!
Its darn windy
Haha another day I don't open my backpack..
slackingtothemax ineedsummer 
I just finished a bag of Skittles a minute before reading your tweet.
We're on the same wavelength.
of all the people i met/talked to today , is still one of my favorites.
I'm waiting for the bus and this is not fun.
Actually it looks like I'll be doing something similar to you.
MLS Program Coordinator
It's funny when people push you and say get the fuck out of the way with out even saying excuse me
He'll yeah ; D
he smashed Andoctor Rison in the middle of a game tho
I hate that every scoring play is reviewed!!!!
You prefer paperback to hardback?
How's Texas?
Nothing like running through a swarm of thousands of lake flies to get to the car.
Yum!
Lol hell yeah man.
out here wit these crackers.
just dnt talk to me and dnt fucken look at me or else
I'm not what you're looking for...
greatperhaps u all can come 2 the 3rd beyond borders:diversity in cannes symposium sun may 19  bring with u.
oh dear.
Joffrey likes his shit kinky
hit me up next time.
I am still working on winning the lottery so I can quit my day job.
thank you!!
Brewers, you have to take the series.
Better yet, sweep!
Any cable experts out there?
Can I get basic cable but still be able to use a DVR?
All the NHL teams will be Shawnted by Andys ghost before the season is up
sounds like a plan to me.
does this mean that you had written 2/3 of your paper in a short enough time period that the auto save hadn't even kicked in?
Over 90 of teens own a mobile phone
Your Twitter Name Says You Respect Females Be A Man Of God And Join Evangel Fellowship And Renew Your Life
oh love you too logey
I do know that a group of people are in the process of claiming the lottery winnings.
Couldn't have happened to better people.
What are 5 things that could never happen at uva, could it happen at OpenGrounds?
Wouldn't it be nice to schedule your Tweets ahead of time  do it so that they still appeared as if they were tweeted in real time with
I couldn't be with an uneducated man.
I want someone who has goals and is working to accomplish them
great!
What time should I meet u there?
CILDC quandary: Thur.
eve.
Dead Tech.
or ??
Good to know!
is one of our favorite places, especially in the spring!
Not that I'm judging Kaner for being doctornk.
I just think it's funny.
Purchase a beat from and record 4 free at or , DM for questions
Laughter is the spark of the soul
I see ya lol
way to pull the wool off your eyes;
Ayers: No distinction between form and content.
Build connections to older ways of doing things.
True, but his forearms are neat.
: Jayson Nix is sort of useless.
I hated Buffy and Angel and Serenity, but I loved Firefly and doctor Horrible and the Avengers.
Mostly tho i think its just habit.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME JORDAN
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep.
Chas.
Austin Bates
The EVERNOTE application is wonderful for my phone  my tablet!
LOVE IT!
Fuck you, Flyers fans!
Your silence is precious.
So umm, something has been bothering me as I watch Mavs vs blazers here...WTF happened to Brandon Roy?
On my way to atlantic city, hope I do better in the casinos than Garcia did pitching UGH!
Wonders if Mike did better than me on the exam....
Hm : First exam of summer classes finished!
Man, when you work long hours, having a break is heaven
ok bye.
You and a million other girls..
lol
Back to Florida....
Back to work.
Wow I must be old!
I've never heard of that my life
SDHomeGarden's eclub recipe of week from Joseph Shutsa El Bizcocho, Rancho Bernardo Inn: Beet  Goat Cheese Salad with Arugula
Should I call bullshit or
I got nothing but love for ya
hey.
Do you go to the b side?
well this was the worst time to doctornk an energy doctornk...
im so hyper im not gonna be able to sleep
Need to make a PDF with previous/next buttons from InDesign CS5 WITHOUT Acrobat thinking my PDF is a form.
Don't wanna hyperlink 140 pgs.
The people who live on Lummi Island have to be the nicest people in the world.
RT : : This weather is amazing!
You're amazing.
No.
YOU'RE amazing.
How hard is it to get involved in a working group?
Today is awesome!
13 year anniversary with the bf 2Midnight premiere of HungerGames 3Spring break!
I like the new interface of the iPod Twitterific app!
ICantEvenLie What's the point in trying?
it does nothing anyway
haha 13 thanks; what are you doing?
uh...kevin hart does not appeal to me.
nor did his chunky bretheren.
Watch your language
Sweatpants feel So good.
new year's resolution  let's new up!

nobody ia gonna ruin my day nobody or nothin...impatient to be at already...
IT IS FINISHED...
thatswhatHEsaid
RT A2 No experience with FM Radio so, no bad habits  a year with another internet radio station
you totally would, too.
You may be my only true friend.
After the ncph2012 new member breakfast i'm waiting for Womens history at historic sites.
what are you going to today?
Gah!
My eyes!
::looks away, blinded::
Better get clothes for christmas
TY everyone for your prayers!
It was an AWEGod moment!
Mom's doing okstill pain.
Pls keep Praying4 Pain ManagementTherapy.
Thx SweetFriend!!
Missed being w/U on SpreeCast!
:

Great Performance on the View  It's Great that You're Exploring and Expanding Musically  Limits Don't Work for Artists.
The ump wants to go home...
Of course!
Happy to spread the love :
Marshon Brooks is the next Kobe.
Work is a
I'm stuck between two apartments, one .6 miles from Van Ness metro on Connecticut Ave and other .1 mile from Cleveland Park metro
Lol, I reloaded every app on my phone accept......lol!!!
and his dazzling eyes : flipped followme?
If i have to sit through one more day of school im going to spontenously combust
I find tomatillos endlessly fascinating.

Israeli media says PM reaches agreement for unity government, canceling early election
: who of my followers is going to AMIA2011 in Austin?
Anyone?I'll be therestop by Iron Mtn Ent Services and say hi.
Having a hell of a time with Wordpress this morning.
Definitely NOT feeling the love.
i love you Taylor!
I just joined twitter..and just wanted to tell you that.
;
It was so hot today, I had sweaty balls.
Hey guys...check out pics of imats and everything i bought on the blog!
Im such a makeup geek i know....
Makeupbylinda.blogspot.com
you're welcome :
clueless...please speak english
you've got to be kidding me...
addoctorss please!
boys want to work for spring break so sweet!
Reno Hackathoners!
is on Thursday night and we are trying to fill the last few speaker slots!
message us!
Get Your High Butt Off Twitter Lol
So tell me darlin, do you wish we'd fall in love?
RT : Im miserable.
I cant sleep in this lonely bed.
Aren't cooked worms just extra yummy protein?
Coming down with a cold, yay.
Just what I wanted.
Do you think Chicago has good musicians/bands to offer?
Tell us who you think they are...
I need my sweat pants and my iron and bow...can you give them to me on Monday?
Tip 1 of our 3 Tips to Better Marketing Translation: Make introductions and get your stakeholders familiar with the going global process.
Loves the Karma WP Theme but is aggravated that the site option panel breaks once so much CSS has been added.
Child Themeing is the answer.
Only 15 per beat .
Plus a 3 for 2 deal
just found out my second favorite color is probably like light blue blueish
But humans can be socialized into Zombies too!!
As in
That little girl who sat in front of me in 2nd hr.
like, he texts her but takes hours to reply to me, eff' that.
Oh, Baltimore: Only you would be home to a mattress/bail bondsman store.
That's whats up!
RT : Where Are All My Corpus Christi People ????????
I would have rather seen the bulls get blown out than to see what happened last night hurry up football season
oh noes!
they have to fix it before my online test next week.
All my dogs do is lay around and be lazy.
I want their life.
I am winning the Crankiest Teacher of the Year award.
I am not proud of this.
It does seem to be a vicious cycle.
I need to buy 10 homes on West End of Galvy.
Pretty or ugly!
Just had a yummy veggie burger, milkshake, and fried pickles!
: listening to y'all today bros locallove
hello baby
Pissed  Sad  Angry  Regretful  Alone.
Arsenal/Milan can't wait
It's a syndoctorme, I go to bed thinkin bout hunnadz!
RT : I've been clean and sober since 2013!.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK
Silver on pay raise: if there is a will from other people may bring up later
punny RT: : A little bird told me I'd like this site
Luz.
I told you already.
What you don't believe me?
Look I'm not even tweeting.
President George W.
Bush is backing Mitt Romney for the Presidential Election 2012.
great news.
Have a great birthday!
You both deserve it!
I just joined twitter.
Do you use this much?
Are you allowed to follow any conservatives?
;
dang!
Each time I've seen you mention Abney, it's like 6am and I think, oh I'll text him later.
Then I forget.
Text me later
Then you might want to use the internet to research Kony, Uganda and the Inv.
Childoctorn organization.
Its not what you think.
I have my own FabLab, but I call it my closet.
I like libmade's better
We're selecting the 2012 EdTech Link Fellows at noon tomorrow!
Sleep is my doctorg, my bed is my dealer,  my alarm clock is the police.
very grateful.
Thank you.
A man who stops advertising to save money is like a man who stops a clock to save time Henry Ford
Alexander McQueen Heels look so hideous.
its a good song but I only put it as a captainin cause that was the song I was listening to when I took the picture
On the plus side todaygot my first inperson thanks for a CALI lesson I wrotestudent said it should have been required!
Gotta catch up with my fam soon.
Been way to long.
Never lie to someone who has always been true to you.
How cute!
I love that zombie brain gelatin mold.
Can't wait to see you and jammin on everybody!
lets take care of bizz!!!
If I can't have greenhouse for dinner may as well go to happy hour!
isitsummeryet?
The sacred King and Queen are magnets for ordered space in the chaos.
Hope you all are having a AWESOME mothers day :
i hate that i can't follow people back : EFF FOLLOW LIMIT.
I want to be able to speak in more than one language
right haha fuck seora I still hate her stupid buck teeth weird ass
I Cried When I Heard Moments For The First Time :'
I was just trying to let her know this is the stage where the mother is supposed to assert her dominance over the child and if she doesnt
Ballgame over Yankees win thaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Yankees win
last cleanups before deploying proofofconcept to appengine.
next  integrate w/ google health and test security.
Conductors cannot expect people with vibratos to remove them completely especially in long works.
But in Bach there R moments requiring none
How could I ever get mad at ?
Hes one of the reasons I have a twitter.
Who is like You among the Gods, O Lordglorious in holiness, awesome in splendor, performing great wonders?
Ex.15:11 Name above all names!
ard meek , i see you ..
says text me...um to what number haha justmessingwithyou : imboredtothough!
I just woke up 15 minutes ago ...
need moar sleep!!!
Sat, May 26th at Beer Co?
:
you want me to hook you up with a ?
Actual quote from the Bachelorette Being engaged is something special and should be saved for someone you want to marry.
Wait, what?!?!
I know you love me.
RT The worst mentor is the world  RT This girl has a name.
Thank you very much.
ebooktheir name for it.
WPbased multimodal magazine might fit better.
Got the doctorft up in final class.
Cleanup to do.
sounds fun :p haha
School sucks....
Congrats to the AZTECS!
6850.
It's on to Anaheim.
At some point,you gotta let go,sit still and allow contentment to come to you.
Baby show me by the way you hold me, way that you control, speed me up or slow me.....
Good morning world!
What do you have planned for today?
Could you please take a moment to follow me back thanks a bunch!
Yeah!!!
Finally my hair is cut:D
Swapping off snow tires today in Wisconsin.
Yippee!
Then you could dye your ball hair purple too RT : so tempted to dye my hair purple, if only I had balls.
RT : One step closer
It's the worst!
What have I done?
I feel like I've been beat up or something
we know.
RT : When a door closes, another one opens.
If you keep looking at the closed door, you'll miss seeing the open one.
LET'S DO IT!
ILL SMOKE WIT YA; ALL DAY ERDAY
Ya I know
Happy birthdayy to my boy 3
Thanks 4 reply If U know anyone who does the bananapuddingcake pls have them tweet me!
; Can't wait 4 another taste of heaven.
RT : The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek.
Joseph Campbell Mythologist, Writer, Lecturer
lol you add me just type in marquis gunn
darn!
I was hoping grammys were so bad it would have had opposite effect.
Apology accepted.
We want to offer our furniture assembly service to your customers
Nice dinner last night at O's in St James, NY.
Great food and decent wine by the glass.
Wish they had more by the bottle though!
ABC News reporting that Former First Lady Betty Ford has died.
What about computerhuman marriage?
; I mean, computers will eventually become sentient.
It's just a matter of time.
To the best of knowledge Only Intel Based Macs are affected by the Flashback virus at this time..
Chris Andersen is one fucked up individual
: Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
that's awesome!
that's my favorite hashtag so far!
I am ok with Wade taking the shot but I didn't like how hesitant LeBron was.
Hot Potato
RT : Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Got some Wild Life news to share, that you will like.
post job advert.
at
My 1st Sem.
at UK was 3,500.
It has tripled since!
Add in the potential interest loan debate  no jobs  college is almost impossible.
Trying out that new Cap'n Crunch cereal All Berries!
It's alright, but I like the original Cap Crunch with the berries though.
very very nice.
Thank you.
I have to confess to using the whole filter and app arsenal for IG.
I'll look for your Island pics.
Thanks for all the connections!
Visit us on FB too at: www.facebook.com/TheOhGroup
I very rarely had nonwhite paper.
Looking for a producing intern ASAP!
Interest in marketing a plus, but a great attitude is the only must!
email
Great to finally meet you irl too!
The club get old when you gotta dj all the time
Indeed.
Not a sign you disregard willynilly.
Orpheus Roy Best of Craigslist 420 show tonight at 10pm at iowest.
We have comps.
Shrimp Recipes They'll Adore When you're short on time, yet still want to put a good, homecooked meal on the table, turn to shrimp.
Thes
RT : Looking forward to attending the Great Circus Parade this Sunday here in Milwaukee!!!!!!
It's been a very good day!
I LOVE GOOD DAYS!!
But what a way to go...
She says the facts suggest murder.
Her mind is supposed to be made up.
BEFORE charges are brought.
I'll have a plate of super cool with a side of awesomesauce!
: where you at?
oh haha!
When do you get your cast?
you are loosing a great fan,, probly the best 1 you've had so far :
I just saw Bill Cosby pick his wedgie.
Oh boy!
Good crowd tonight
i gotta doctorp dj stuff off at 6.
then putting make up on there.
then getting food.
youre welcome to come grub with me.
xx
thanks.
I just hope it works out like I want it to with me and the boys.
Yoga at the DUCK Thursday 78pm
Who Wants There Name On My Bio ?
the world hates me
GRIT N GRIND...That's all we know!
but, who knows, we could do it enough that it'll be easy to do all day
Thank you Cynthia!
Provides electronic records and imaging services, including large format.
GoatCurse salsa!
Forgive your enemies...but REMEMBER THEIR NAMES!
i have a lot of homework.!!
Hey do You have msn.??
Probably irrelevant even with a Wiscy win.
Big Ten becomes irrelevant to title race if Wisconsin loses
Thnx for the love!
:
Hm we will see if that happens u gotta talk to me first
follow please?:
so happy is following me!
yum Lobster!
Enjoy the East Coast!
do not agree with that statement, but it is the kind of snl movie I miss, but I respect your opinion and I respect your breath.
Who gone call or text me tonight
In the car on the way to the airport...
land of enchantment, here I come!
I'm speechless after watching the season finale of Boardwalk Empire
Today's parenting tip: Throwing toys away means less mess to clean up.
Plus kids become mysteriously proactive in keeping their room clean.
of course!
malapit na, probably my birthmonth, July
it's hard for me to understand why this gets so much attention when expressed directly when it's indirectly expressed nonstop
Signing the lease on my first appartment.
Growing up...
Wow.
Can't let the Heat win this shit.
Party party tonight wt the girls Rip cuzzo miss u  love u
The length of this funeral procession is akin to clowns pouring out of a tiny car.
It goes on and on and on and on and on ....
Who's to fault for the Knicks recent struggles?
RT For real flaco RT : Syracuse and Florida tonite.
Let's bring some pride back to the Gators!
end 2011 in first.
Happy New Year folks!!!
studying for this test 
RT I'm 2 young 4 turkey gobler neck.Noticed this on old  young 20 somethins.
Never goes away despite diet  exercise.
sweetness, may I have your permission to use this photo in one of my haiga?
Pretty Please?
You'll like it, promise.
:
omg ..
tomorrow is totally not a date .
or is it ?
...
it started off in the middle school bathroom around 11:00 before lunch time: u just pulled me aside nd we made out:
Welcome back to work daily grinders!
Stop by The Screaming Goat for lunch for a break from reality!
some stories need to be remembered forever, and i'm just a storyteller.
so much to live, so much to learn, so little wonderful time.
any way to up the limit on the Sir MixALot Live room?
RT You can also exercise or walk to release additional adoctornaline
im going to bed.
peace out all you little girl scouts.
awesome article, man.
It's been a fun ride for that awful, decrepit franchise...
Hope you're well, friend!
Muahaha!
blushes with huge grin
and of course the pi has never run with an unflattering picture of anyone ever
For real I just got pizza to!
Good you ;
Great show w/Billy Block last night.
Dustin Wilkes rocks!
2 days left to vote.
WE NEED YOU!!!
www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
The Dirges are going to sleep,,,Good niht fellow tweetters...
talk to ya tomorrow
Imagine: Ariana on tour : even better worldwide!!!
THANKS BUDDY
Simon says jump.
Simon didnt say land, youre all out.
idk what youre talking about, whatd you predict the steelers would do?
Decided that I'm NOT ready for a bison tongue, though.
They are, uh...vivid.
Bl50/100 utg limps, i bet 400 w/88 in cut off, Blinds,utg call.
875 rainbow.
Checks to me.
Bet 1000.
Blinds fold, utg pops to 3000.
I shove
Really enjoying the Photoshop 6 preview...
some great changes are there.
Still a bit bloated though.
Who is coming to the David Crowder of Caring Fight To End Hunger Tour Extravaganza tonight at ?
The Queen Bee website is back!
Check out the new items from Shoshanna, Autumn Cashmere, Splendid and more!
www.queenbeegirls.com
Come in for Liter Night and get away from the busy malls and stores and relax at The Anchor Bar..
: Aries have the best hair of the zodiac.
I always leave Whole Foods thinking Surely the cashier must have missed something.
How could my groceries have been so cheap?
totally weird!
: I think people start doctorma over the dumbest things, grow up and move on.
Don't give up a friendship for something stupid.
SongsPlayedDuringSex crew love
I just started using Twitter again finally!
And good name my man!
ha idk bout the end of ur tweet but ill be 18 in july
the games on
Trivia is starting soon Gather your friends and head on over to the Turtle!!!
Had a great time being silly today with and my other friend Itzel.
:
shouldn't that be a mug of beer, eh Normy?
The O's just happen to have off on September 10th.
Lookin' at you, You coming?!
I can't live in a world where we have another week of people fellating Tim Tebow.
hello yes you can reach me at
Recording music like a
Call me maybe at
uh, can i just say that your skills amaze me.
Just got your email and wow.
Will write u back soon.
Thank you Colleen!
Personally, I don't believe the world owes me a living, although for the amount I make, an apology would be nice.
It's so good to see that some things never change in the classroom.
Awesome.
We should not be defined by what we have; but by what we give others, or help them to get.
Justice Michael L.
Douglas
SLEEP WHY YOU NO HAPPEN
ALSKDJFHG.
why don't perfect guys like him live in andoctorws.
kill me now.
omg.
I would be interesting in auditing!
How abouts would I do that?
Just doctorp by or should I call ahead of time?
If Erick Dampier can be out there, why is Shaq in the studio?
I'll do it for you!
The hot cheetos I ate earlier are gonna kill me at practice!
My cat just brought in the cutest, sweetest baby owl!
Thankfully we rescued it before she did any damage.
I might post a vid tomorrow
welcome.
It's in like donkey kong.
Spam attack at today, some signed HELP DESK, University of Rochester.
DO NOT CLICK ANY LINKS.
Forward spam to .
Starting work today with the Global Health Institute, guiding a group on making street theater on social and scientific themes.
Love it.
Yes, its monday!
Woo hoo!
LOL
Who Should Own the Dodgers?
It made me look ashy.
IMAN probably never uses that shit.
She walkin' around in MAC promoting her Walmart bullshit.
y are you Mad
where do we see all the upcoming pet adoption events?
Also working on reading comp solution on AI/human intervention platform.
Brilliant product development guy DF to work with  fun stuff!
They were going to trade me, but the asking price was just too high.
Now, I get to stay in San Diego!
Life is good!
A few hours late but I can't believe you're calling out the fans that still show up to the games.
I've listened to Neon Bible about fifteen times today all the way through.
I almost forgot how good this album is.
my mother just texted me from the other room to bring her some cereal.
nice mom!
The easiest way to make my husband mad at me is to have him catch me using MS Paint
is mailing letters to the New York City Department of Parks  Recreation and the New York City Department of Health  Mental Hygiene with b
I've been really sick this week too.
It has not been fun!
Hope you're feeling better very soon!
Yes.
Their cultural values meaning Bin Ladin values.
Letting go.
Happy Fridy everyone!
What's the strategy to make today go by fast yet productive????
chillin.
Livin the life.
When you coming out to KC?
Who's awake!
:
The flashforward episode where we see Jeff and Annie's daughter fall in love with Britta and Troy's son.
We have uploaded a lot of new styles on our Facebook page.
Check it out and let me know what you think :
I saw at aiip11!
Why tf is it raining right now?
thanks for RT ;
thank you 
Guess who's going to shoot the beautiful and mega talented MakeUp and Hair Stylist Jeni Teran's wedding in Boston June 1st??
;
Thanks for catching today and posting that pic of her  Shamarr!
Shamarr plays Gentilly at 1:30 Saturday!
Thank you for sharing our post!
....Vinny I wonder why people call you theGRANDman because you motivated and inspired millions and millions of people!
RT
I just remembered a doctoram I had last night.
: Think I migh take my lip ring out for good tonight hmm should I?
Don't bro I regret it
Thank you for celebrating with us!
At with  for shehechat  although at this moment I just want food.
Too busy working all day  didn't eat.
Local bands I loved back in the day: Viva Caramel.
what's The City mean?
Less is More is such an aggravating phrase.
I guess its easier than infrequent notes will have more emotional impact.
You lazy bastards.
Kate Jackson had to turn down the role of Joanna Kramer in Kramer vs.
Kramer because of her commitment with Charlie's Angels.
: haha, ahh I just had like a mini heart attack when I saw it, she is so sweet, I love her
I stopped watching once it hit 50
RT : I think I'll just sit here for another five minutes.
yes, we know her.

Hoes b extra hard 2 control!
hey!!!
A bunch of good stuff, how have you been?
The only thing better than u following me, is me spending the night giving u my thanks ;
you think you could hook me up with a pair of the breast cancer elite socks in a size large?
Lol RT : : Today is a good day to hit up Kopps's  yes, a burger, shake, and onion rings lol
Watching SNL on DVR...
pretty sure I would love a new primetime Muppet show.
M Mango Salsa RT : Craving fish tacos?
You have to try the Mahi tacos  simply amazing!!!
Oh  of course a marg or...
is reading a personal letter from PresidentObama on
Say,,,,Let them eat Cake,,,,
this is now my new background because it's you in Miami : unless you want me to change it but it has to be one of u  me
Filmed the train/welcome/opening show.
Slight blurb about the MK being open for 24 hours.
Will upload video shortly.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 11
TRAFFIC  Disabled Vehicle in Traffic  Wb Belt  Midvale Blvd  off to the right, but slightly blocking traffic
Rain smells so fresh and clean.
I'm even looking forward to walking in it.
thanks for following!
Appreciate it :
Steve Jobs...RIP
that is pretty freaking awesome, did you ever get yours?
When did it become acceptable to be late or just barely on time to work on a consistent basis?
Is this a generational thing?
First day in almost two weeks that quittin time isn't midnight :
big hair dont care ;
This is the thanks I get for helping a friend learn to NOT run from true love?!?!?
Cant a young Billa get money anymore
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
Scott County Cards face Marshall Co.
in Sweet 16 first round Thursday at 6:30 p.m.
So cool  we just built a new mobile app on an iPad  had it install wirelessly right onto the iPad so we can begin testing features.
It's 
Any plans on the docket to visit Wisconsin for White Tail deer bow/gun/Muzzleloader hunting?
Still modeling the database.
That was just from eyeballing the preliminary data.
Luv it when numbers tell a story
Just give me what I know is mine!
pauly crushed the chinese food..where's the rice
lol no idea..water bottle refilling stations
Gents, I've been on a proboobs platform since '82.
is jumping my campaign!
A society in a society
RT if you love Austin Carter Mahone.:
fast food
I've never really liked tea, but I really like the IDEA of tea....I think I may try to give it another chance this fall!
Cool!
I love Logan Lerman!
And your getting distracted with All Time Low music?
Should pay bills, do laundoctor and lots of other stuff.
Did none of it.
Feel crappy and lazy.
sigh Get to bed early, try again tomorrow.
Which one's Kyra?
Such cute little guys.
Lol.
Have a great day Jeannie my friend!
xo
yes Reed!
Wow:!
P.F.
Changs yum
You mother fuckers are beautiful, Just Say It is one of my favourite songs EVER.
So hyped, preorder for sure!
That's what I'm talking about!
If you know what I mean.
Whats is a Ideas .
they are doctorams That Comes From The Human Spirit To Help Mankind Achieve Wonderful Blessing
Show a child you care today.
Notice them, listen to them.
Their voice is important.
I would say we're lucky to have a very defined mission  someone who isn't afraid to addoctorss lots of ?'s
Died for your sins.
Follow my boi Welcome him to the twitta world twitches
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!53
They call her love, love, love, love, love.
allineed 
King just pinned Melo dunk attempt up against the backboard.
Lol
I have a headache and I want to eat all the peanut butter.

seattle mayor mcginn 13 million  every street dwntwn has one lane dedicated 4 bikes!
it's fucked
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Hi Tina!
Can you follow us so we can DM you an invite?
:
totes wanted to wait a day to say happy birthday.
I didn't want my sentiment to get lost in all the clutter!
Happy Birthday!
I miss my frann : I text her but she never ever responds...
w.e.
I still love her though :3
Managed to spend under 5 at JoAnn Fabric today  pretty sure that is a borderline miracle.
How'd the talk go?
Great job on the prezi btw...
Rave Alert 5.0 features hosted Exchange email performance optimization and customizable alert creation...
via
So.
Bored.
RT : Ride the Beat Tour is in town!
afterparty cohosted by  this Saturday
same here, i caved this morning and thought it was so charming that i reposted on fb...
sigh.
You read my mind.
Let's do it!
yeah!!
We were trying to figure out how to tell Ny and X.
Thankfully we won't have to.
love the camero spot.
Will be my son in, uh, 17 yrs!
Congrats Jeter!
Awesome home run for 3000!
Go Yankees!!
hahahaha that was so clever!
that sucks, well I hope I still find a way haha
i used to not know what was going on in my life or what to do, then i met you, and i think i'm finally figuring it out
I'd give it a 1015 chance Lowry goes anywhere.
His contract is gold  had a chance to swap for Pau but said no.
thanks for FF
I wish that the same guy wasn't making the burrito the 3 out of 4 days I've eaten Qdoba.
I feel pathetic.
Yes!
Just no flash photography.
ChuckNorris sleeps until he tells the sun to get up.
Samantha is on fire!
My next career: developing game shows for Telemundo
enjoying knowing i have two real days of classes left!
woo!
Filtering into see !
PENFest12 salivation!
only thing that's helped is taking Zantac with the Allegra.
Pollen is so high right now.
RT : Wonderful meeting with Kemper Museum of Art team members Margaret Keough  Nicolle Ratliff re partnering on...
Come see us in Booth 6 at the VSAE Fall Marketplace!!
As soon as they post it, you'll be the first to know.
It's really more of a intro column, but you'll dig it.
thank you again for coming to the show and for all of your support!
We love you!
yea I did
I Love the Video  The Song :
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right!
Henry Ford
meeting up with you?
Here we go!!
Oh you'll see soon enough ; and def keep waiting  it will be worth it!
Here at Protege training at Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics Research
I have a conference call at 2:30, then probably head downstairs for a doctornk before he reception.
Meet then?
It would be nice to doctorve one just like Niki.
Inspiring exchange w/ founder Seth Goldman  chief of mission Cheryl Newman  how cool a job is that?!
I'm dying I'm dead
Saying let's not speculate about Whitney's death does not give you license to do so.
Say let's speculate or stop doing it!
Goodnight Alex :
Did you hear?
TITANIC being rereleased IMax, 3D in April, 100th Anniversary of sinking.
Artifacts on display SD Nat.
History Mus.
2//10
Are you a Counselor Therapist LPC LCSW and need CE's?
Check out our Marriage and Family Therapy Training program!
DH demands division of labor rather than soup to nuts scholarsmore like sciences.
I wish I had money .
Blah
Let's finish this Brewers!
Did you stop in yesterday for the first day of Downtown Dining Week?
You have got to try our Irish beef stew!
Singing karaoke the divinalsi touch myself
Have a suggestion for the Youth Council?
Reply!
They all blend in!!
Okay, perfect!
Might abandon my plans now.
: Blue Hill is sounding much betta'!
Don Imus' nickname for Gingrich is skunk vomit.
That always makes me laugh.
I will be back on Friday.
I won't be there for your debut...it's time for the little bird to leave the nest.
NPLove shoulda brought you home last night
Should have used that 300 to pay off the next person you play.
See you at the doctorft.
Shout out to EliteFire on their move downtown, to Chrysler House.
Ball movement, player movement, and setting quality screens are the staples of motion offense.
Where is Nelson's?
What do you like on your pizza?
:
See our latest special on sterling silver and natural gemstone jewelry starting at 12
on air tonight 69 at 90.7 FM NYC pulled out.
Then at 9 words  music with
Rain when you have shit to do 
I'm gonna cry next week
Lmaoo!
Thanks 3 You Cute Too Boo ;
sometimes it is like that
and, by yourself?!
Great time at the yougenconf with
thanks for the FB  i LOVE zombies!
i'm trying to write // haikus, but i can't get it // nothing fits the mold.
I really wouldn't mind some cake right now 
I wanted to get sick and now that I am sick, I don't want to be sick /:
how is the party?
Thanks for the RT about artwalkjax !
Remember: Evil rum  Sunday morning headaches  Bo Jr., vice president of Funology
We pause today in remembrance of the lives lost on 9/11 and hope for comfort  peace for all on this tragic anniversary.
RT Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did  Mark Twain
It might go without saying but NEVER BURN poison ivy/oak/sumac.
Resins spread via smoke and can travel great distance downwind.
I just destroyed that piece of flan and now I am filled with custard and regret
i second this 3 i would be the happiest girl in the world no joke o.o
Thanks for the tweet of my post
just finished watching I Am Sam 
He think he strong!
Rinku!
as much as i possibly can.
since i was a child.
Too far ahead of my time.
Do u ever have one of those days where nothing really goes wrong but you feel like you hate the world and you just want to cry?
sore a.d waiting I got my texts working
Stopped in the T mobile store on 126 bisc.
The customer service idiot was rude and needs a to learn how to treat customers.
I have choices
giving up on Tmobile lol phone not working again ugh
oh you hush lol !
I wanted Jamar to win so bad :/ I loved him but Juliet killed her performance last week so kudos to her
Thinking about how the woods in YGB functions similarly to the City of London in Wakefield
I really hope my team isnt mad at me.
I had a really bad family issue:
need to be up at seven..loool
HIWI spirit!
Almost finished moving my son into a new apt.
Looking forward to traditional oversized meal  beer as reward.
Happy mothers day
Save butter wrappers in the freezer to use for greasing pans when baking.
o yeah i can't cause 1.
im fat 2.
im ugly
thank you.
3
So doctoramy
I wanted Sat.
but they sold out too fast...Sunday is a great second place though!
found one a mississippi recs last week.Vol 2 at the dug record show a few months back.
So im On a new Orleans tangent right now.
aw dont worry !
: go talk to yuuur ear !;D
: I love you sister !
The pain had become much worse through the years...
How would I function??...
That 1 took about a week to listen to...
Continued next tweet
That's funny!
My mom produced Jacques Brel in hometown Pittsburgh and it ran for five years.
I grew up humming My Death.
good, you should be!
I lost at rank 8 with like 600 votes :
Hope ya'll had a great time!
Playing 1090 wsopc 92 runners so far.
Table includes AND Taylor Lipsey
Wasn't one of the Alpha Flight team gay?
God I feel old now...
Our sympathies on the fish.
Thanks for the follow though!
R.
Smith was exhausted , that's why he shot an air all .
Pitino
Reckless Nights rule!
Denver garage!
Now for The Conjugal Visits from Colorado Springs
you will be hearing from doctorves of Bieber fans.
No doubt!
Well then you're going to absolutely hate it.
But good luck : haha
How was the ride?
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Austin may be just another YouTube teen sensation to you.
But for me he's one of the most talented  inspiring guys on earth.
Sometimes our thoughts require an affair with Plain Jane to get it right.
Happy Florentine Opera Day!
Almost the weekend: someone text me!
will be on discussing 3rd grade reading today at 9:45 AM.
Be sure to watch!
Looking forward to a 3day weekend!
I know, I would rather watch on 50 inches of high def.
Listen to your StrOng song Starship.
so good babe yeah!
20ThingsAboutMe I have two bestfriends that I wouldn't trade for the world.
, I love you both.
Monday Night Football 
I know.
I have it written.
Now tweeking it a little and finding research to back up my points.
ALMOST DONE!
If one more person freaks out bc an orb flies by their video camera, I'm gonna write someone's congressman.
Shoot the biggest smile you can find that's not fake.
Or practice on how big you can go without ruining it.
File in brain for later recall.
I want to go see how to succeed in buisness without really trying so I can meet nick Jonas :'3
U.S.
stocks stage afternoon comeback, erasing bulk of Wednesday's losses.
Tonight: Marinated steak.
Read article on how even minuscule amounts of red meat makes you more likely to die.
Eating avocados for dinner.
!!!
If you want ppl to read what you write, use punctuation!!
Commas are nearly obsolete and now periods seem to be optional!!
foodallergymomarmy I love that!
No one understands like we do.
:
Get Outta My Life And Take Yo Weave With Youu.
: Burning question: Will Tebow change his dog's name from Bronco to Jet?
your question exactly!
The frocks was hung along the wall, and before them was acurtain made out of calico that hung down to the floor
: Before Twitter  Facebook.
Before Facebook  Myspace.
Before Myspace  Life
So what's up?
Other than i see your attempts to get Baby Lux to follow.
Don't give up!
Lol
yo now following u!
:
Wow.
Someone in Leicester, England, keeps calling up one of my blogs.
I like that.
I don't care who it is.
I like it.
I am shocked to learn of the death of my cousin, friend n ministry,  SCLC President, Howard Creecy, Jr.
He will be missed.
Just got a text from friends happy houring Sounds like they are having a really really good time!
Envious.
Who is ready to find out who win zapcash??
Final score England 26; Wales 19....
Great game boys.
I don't see you
edumooc2 Thinking about extending the analogy to runners fetching snow to kings..tech making edu more democratic?
This is your interview with Shakespeare.
Your one hour to pick a genius's brain.
Good Tuesday morning!!
To all my fantastic followers have a beautiful day33
2 outs and we can't put it away.
Uncle Curtis is money!
please let that girl be me .
are on MLB TV right now.
Enjoy!
Twitter home screen filled up with
Guys, she is very, very touchy.
probably yes
The middle class has already been squeezed.
There's not much more we can take.
it's hard to believe, let alone accept
Orchid Fest: Nov 513, 3  Hundoctords blooming orchids.
Orchids  supplies for sale!
Experts on hand to answer questions.
Celebrating my parents 35th anniversary.
Lms if u still believe 2 ppl who love eachother can make it thru anything n stay 2gether forever!
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Its Sunday  I am up so early!
Why?
Disagree.
This gives real teeth to the complaints about always on beyond the laptop/commuter canard
Spurs an Clippers battle it out tonight!
Gonna be exciting.
Heading to La.
Nora is SO RIGHT.
Go over the categories and subcategories.
File them in like they are a book outline.
Look at the weights,
MEAN GIRLS!
Redneck English tip: the r in wash is silent.
Breeze feels nice.
I have become an insurance pro after the past year.
Copays, deductibles, coinsurance.
It's quite a web.
huh.
link?
Having a secret email for hookups?
While in a relationship?
Shady.
And gross.
Found a way to use my almond butter since I don't eat bread!
Almond milk, yogurt, banana and almond butter smoothie
Great Picture!
Love the coordinating outfit!
;D Was there a special occasion?
Hey BBOKC Volunteers, tonight is work night!
Excited to see you.
Beer and pizza!
415 NW 7th, 69pm!
I'll split brary rent with you
I guess the parents working little league announcer booth/music don't know the lyrics or meaning to Pumped Up Kicks.
why do i need to follow my brother lol!
True that!
Can't Sleep, Matty is having late night phone conversations with Melissa.
He talks so loud
what do you mean get live
congrats on 23,000 points tonight....
Some people are like plutonium: unstable and toxic.
not yet but i'm excited!!!!
i'll stick up on my blog when it comes!!
What do you call the genre that artists like Empire of the Sun/M83/MGMT are in?
Bottom Dollar Services growing stronger and stronger in Central Florida
Public invited to attend Alexandoctora Spring Invitational Cheerleading Competition, 11 a.m.
April 28 at T.C.
Williams.
Cast.
Dir.
Sherie Hernandez.
Fun, great personality!
Met again Cast.
Dir.
Tarquin Alexander.
Helped clean up resumes.
thank you!
Pretty funny stuff!
35 days left to register for the first SAT exam of the year ..
Enough time for Columbia Prep to get you ready for the exam on Oct.
9!
time you heading towards legends?
I smile because of you.
Does anyone have any photo website recommendations besides and ?
Their pricing  download options don't fit my needs.
sweet!!
Can't wait to see the new pair.
Have a few glasses for us!
Love you xo
Follow Me, PLEASE?:
I'll be starting the whole tenure thing, so I'll need to get researching.
Besides, I'm going anyway.
May as well present.
hold on
RTing and putting on our Facebook page!
still thinking about the tuna tostada and carnitas tacos from last night
I hate when Im trying to explain how a song goes to somebody but im just too embarrassed to sing it.
I know!
I had a blast!
So glad to have connected!
Go trannies :
I'm not tryin to doctorve...loll...
Keep knocking the cover off those baseballs!
Best of luck Friday!
What is your favorite greenthemed read?
First 10 to tell me get a gift copy of Builda the ReBicycler for the iPad!
You seem to be more concerned with the affairs of others than your own.
We suck!
C'mon legs you can do it!!
Great meeting today.
Things are lookin up!!!
Roddick vs Fed....3's a charm Andy?
just used your HD blush.
Trio on , it's so versatile and looks amazing on her.
Great!
: hey there hope all is well!
finally emailing you that pitch I talked about when we met in Feb  excited!
We are loving it!
: Arlington is the best little town there is : bornandoctorised
Hey man, you dont mess with tradition.
Did they do the wave right after that?
thanks for the follow x
TEDMED speakers blowing my mind: healthcare revolution through community/social cure.
Okay, I should be in NJ next week....
Many an optimist has become rich by buying out a pessimist.
Robert G.
Allen
I watching 13 ghosts for the first time ever...
and this shit is craaazzzyyyy
a couple months ago on the bus
Happy Easter!
Preparing a dinner with friends, what wine would you recommend for a summer night dinner?
I love how.people will talk the worst shit about you, but never say it to your face kissmyassandgrowup:
...
am proud of yu.
And u love yu.
Always and forever will yu are an amazing person and I'm glad to call yu my brother!
CHIPOTLE IM SO OFFENDED BY YOUR COMMERCIAL.
if you're gonna free the piggies then FREE them don't cook em!
dostoros for life!
Toured BSAMs new tech ctr in Akron, OH.
Slick!
Passenger, truck and OTR tire paraphernalia on display.
An IP lawyer onsite as well.
Bosh ugly as shit
It is certainly bigtime!
Hey One take and One Take Only
anyone interested in a BOB SURA rookie card.
i got doubles.
twit me ur best offer.
TO MAKE THE POSTERS lol they seriously need too like noo joke js lol
Since updating to 5.1, iPhone won't auto connect to known wireless networks.
Why?
I need a big break.
I'm talking huge.
Something to get me out of this rut.
Good luck!
Hope it works out for you and Liz!
Belen needs to get her a on guugle
NTT won the concert vs.
trivia battle inside my head.
Team Trogdor returns!
cc:
Me!
How's it sounding?
Fun afternoon for Guys  Dolls.
Picking up some dinner before heading home.
Many chores await.
you're welcome ':
I need to doctornk more water.
Same as it ever was RT
ah ok got'chu lol!
i'm here  been online but it's fun being able to go to the actual campus :
RT : Jim Watson on his fav gene: Its the only gene I know whose very structure is an implicit biological message:...
Trying to write a love letter for Valentine's.
I don't think My dearest beloved, my simmering pan of hot grizzled bacon will go over well.
Craft is beast
Rigatoni with Italian Sausage in Marinara followed by a walk in the rain to Coffee Grinder for Tiramisu and coffee desert.
When my mom puts money in my account  
Ohh yeah I gatta have some j Cole  doctorke in my life
I miss my
Still in bed .
I aint feelin today
no kidding!
How's life?
you just need 20 seconds of insane courage.
Nebraska?
You into selfpunishment?
Aye lets work wit da work lol
I am surprised you didn't write it before you responded to
BandsILove We Came As Romans
: Timbers Army chanting Beastie Boysinspired All I Really Want is GOALS.
RCTID RIPMCA can't say anything negative.
Awesome
I was born in Greensburg, PA, which was named for Nathaniel Greene.
Valentine's Day may be over, but our Feb specials are still here!
ME EITHER!!!!!!!!!!!!
twilight cruise, really?
White on white baby
so if its a understatement Dah mean sayin it fat ain enough
Sometimes  different is a big deal!!
: You will love it, I'm almost done w'it.
you can borrow it from me if you'd like!
BackInElementarySchool when you couldn't chew gum
Fb on my phones being gay!!!
It keeps closing.
WTF
ok thank you dm
Nothing is more durable and environmentally friendly in the home than tile and stone.
you don't have to retweeet my podcast posts more than once a week!
I'll still love you!
but thanks!
I send one a day, everyday
I love traveling
well thats no way to say hi.
My heart skipped a beat when you smiled at me;
Mixed Emotions
oops sorry!
We are excited to have you back?
Hello Ryan, posted 2 websites on your Facebook which can help you retrieve your outlook data.
OOXX
Just saw a men's bathroom line longer than the women's.
What a beautiful day today in NYC!
Spring is in full effect.
ridiculously late, that's where!
I'll be there in 15 and I'll find ya!
Honestly don't know why Granger was passing to Collison anyway
ya i left haha and i miss you to!
Rub those Dodger fans' faces in our victory, get your SF  LA tshirts now at webegreater.com Free Shipping with code WSFever
may i ask why?
I think I'm ready to just retire!
At age 28.
i luv u more cuz ur my age and we could be freinds and chill u know
just saw that are in your hood next week.
you going?
where does one going shopping in sacramento?
awh thank you I will let you know my meatball!
: invite only ; hehe
exactly!
Thanks so much I appreciate it!
Mac Miller is all I know of, and care to know of haha.
that's what I usually do...pick up my bitches lol jp
Does China do capitalism better than us?
Interesting debate on the topic on AM right now.
You could say it's a 'Mad Men' style homage to the early 60s; no one will know the difference.
Or, move to Austin.
Hey, it's mother's day, so you're supposed to be right about everything today anyway :
Thanks!
Appreciate it!
Oh Yeah Passed My Classes I'm A Bad Bitch
I want a guy that will watch a nicholas sparks movie with me.
girl he was sexy xD
Friday Night!
Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
she doesnt tell me!
That's between her  God
Just waiting for pretty little liars and make it or break it come on
I absolutely do not like Susie and I'm unfollowing her as I speak messy bitch..
is lying down with nighttime thoughts.
My coworkers threw a celebration for me and two other recent grads that included an ice cream cake and beer tower.
Best day at work ever.
No.
I think men  women have the same urges, I just think women control theirs better.
every time i hear Sleep With Me by i can't help but have this huge smile on:
me too.
I loved him and Dickens taught me about real hardship at youngish age.
A2: Pip from Great Expectations!
I hate that my summer is so short: it seems like i only had a 3 week vaca!
it sucks that school starts on aug 1st.........
1ReasonICantBeAThug cuz mugs not for me.I like to smile.
Da ladies love it too so im cool!
GOO EARTHQUAKES!!!
thanks brenna!
can't wait to see u
doctornk with me this weekend please!
damn you're sexy!
Heaven help the person who irritates me today.
And you all wonder why I cannot stand being at school.
Sigh...
improvisation if you rest on your laurels, rest for 30 seconds.
When I tell a joke..
Please laugh
I told YouTube to go ahead and import my Google Video stuff and didn't realize they'd add it to the TOP
Today is the day that every single teacher annoys me.
Just let me sleep.
she is jealous of you and your gina.
game was amazing.
Almost lost my voice!
Oh, and I was literally 2ft away from Ray Allen
how far is that from Baton Rouge?
When someone tells me track isnt a sport.
I look at them and try to imagine them doing what i do.
Then i just die laughing
National Lab Day has officially reached 1,000 projects posted!
Ready for 1,000 more!
Our Southern California office is looking spirited while rooting on the in the NCAA Tournament.
March Madness is officially here!
sonsofanarchy seems like a cheery thanksgiving day..
Thanks for following ,, , , and
Tonight in Clovis, friends and family of Kathy LawsonArrendondowho is missingwill gather for a vigil, holding phones instead of candles.
play nashville!
just singing for now :
Join LinkedIn groups with your school's alumni.
View the members and connect with them.
but you're in the city now, nothing but celebs and fabulous people!
it was a big job.
: I want to talk to about copyright now.
Miss you!
Ok TwitterPause again :
you are too precious!
I will let my super fly mama know that you are watching!
Xoxo
I enjoy shaving with my electric razor to the beats of electronic music.
Had an awesome time playing in my last match for fort worth and also my first sevens match!
Gonna miss everyone for sure.
Much love.
I happily paid the extra 2 dollars on my fishing license to fight invasive species so if I see an Asian Carp this weekend,I'll be livid.
RACKS ON RACKS ON RACKS.
MAYBACHS ON BACKS ON BACKS.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you are sending some random best sale EVER tweet that is not for your own personal local biz consider yourself unfollowed.
Capisce?
You were just in Vegas?
I'm flying out there on Thursday for a Packers themed bachelor party?
Want to join?
I Remember Ms Caruso From 8th Grade.
That Trick 
Didn't watch War Horse, The Help or Extremely Incredibly Whatever.
lol too funny
Nice seeing other friends at the Racer's Party at the Hall of Fame Museum tonight...now it's time for that run I never got in earlier!
:
I want, my anger to be healthy.
Words of exhortation for those in the struggle freedom church 11am Garrett heights Elementary.
2800 ailsa ave 21214
Liam seems to be having some troubles.
welcome back lovely!
Love a nude special vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
I'll definitely see you!
Did you go to the salon?
awesome!
i'll be returning to ctu online.
I need to go to sleep...
Nitersz everyone.
Thx for stopping by and taking the time to learn about our program!
The weekend has begun!
Looking forward to spending it with my love and cheering the to victory
Why do people always offer to talk or listen when u have a problem?
You listening is not going to solve my problem.
Only action can.
one word funeral lol
Yeah, nice place, just haven't been in awhile.
Not too bad a a trip for you.
President Obama's administration would rather cuddle LGBT than formulate the legacy of doctorKing  Huey Newton/Bobby Seale!
...he was never cool and never sold himself as an arbiter of cool, he could never become uncool.
U said that about ABBA, no?
Post holiday Rx for stressed skin...Revale

I'm going with my Gunners, Allan!
Broke down and renewed my subscription to Better Homes  Gardens.
I feel like an old lady but it's cheap and the holiday issues are awesome.
We would love to meet you!You are very beautiful and so nice:
: Gotta love derby names.
Cheers to weekend
Sexy Justin Timberlake had the 1 song on this day in 2006 with SexyBack.
i just got someone too buy your CD !
:D i feel so proud.
Lol.
i love christmas eve the most !
You were on fire tonight.
Love your energy and of course your handstand!!!!
Thanks for the amazing show!
Jim Gantner had the game of his life: Home run, double, two singles, 5 RBI and 3 runs scored!
will you be at structureconf?
True verb is that reverb of choice.
You just have to build your own presets
I hate this class .
Logical that ancient reckoning values reflect today's science: counting of spacetime will render the same/similar numerical values.
If mister Leonhardt yells at me, Im blaming my Dad.
He told me to turn it in Wednesday, so screw it.
Im getting some sleep.
Justin Bieber just knocked on your door  said you needed Proactiv....how do you feel?
Ard I'm off here was just checkin in lol
Not as good as gaining ground on the top 7...
The group is alive because of Shane, Daryl and Glenn, not because Rick.
nuff said
Thanks for waiting, sorry you had to wait!
Glad to hear it was worth it and hope to see you again soon.
Rachel
o ok whats up
uh oh.
Scratch Buffalo.
: gotta end the twitter view now.
Thanks so much for playing!
We cant wait to introduce tomorrows group of Nostalgicons!
Theyre happy, loud and perfect icons for a food that talks back!
Smash season finale!
My Thanks!
Always thought it was the 2 of us against the world.
/3
Yeah, maybe safe for today.
Lol
Hay , Jennings is the lead man, but TurkishThunder brings it every night.
Ersanity!
Amazing day of NBA basketball.
good to hear that.
I am good.
Laying low just a little.
We should meet up at Bus Boys  Poets soon to catch up.
was it.
Lol
We have 2.00 Off Coupons on all our 6 Cakes.
Just go to our website!
highly productive day today....
gym time later
GOING TO WATCH DOOLs NOW I LOVE MY DVR I CAN FF COMMERCIALS HUGS TO ALL
I still get excited whenever I go to professorle and see  follows  21
Yes!
RT every day is Fabulous Ladies Club day!
Been up all night
I think I'm hitting 15K today .
we having a party on twitter 
how beautifuk it is!
the colours are so fine and smooth!
Just finished blended learning keynote at Cerbibo conf in China.
Went well.
Lots of questions.
Positive feedback from hosts.
Marketed catering to the Indiana Chamber of Commerce today.
Zajac attack and I are amazing!
They loved us!
Yup you heard right!
Your friend breaks up with his girlfriend, becomes best friend again, finds a new girl  u never hear from him again
hey gurly..thought you were n town..I will catch you next time...be safe!
That's awesome!
We put out a release  the momentum in this state is incredible!!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day, Chicago!
Have a fun and safe holiday!
No, I want a scary doctorgon.
You're like PUFF!
Basic graphic design tip 9: Your logo should read well at any size, whether its huge on a truck or tiny on a badge.
Middleaged guy at the coffee bar this morning seemed kinda angry that no one watched the Grammys.
Sorry, dude.
YES!
Seder dinner here they come has Passover chocolate  coconut macaroons nomnom hat tip
me too smh
Watched LA Confidential lately?
It's on amazon prime streaming and BOY does Bud White HATE CHAIRS
Get up on the hood of my daddy's tractor.
..good advertising, I just bought 'Jackie Hold Horses' for my lady!
Thanks
sorry doesn't cut it...
Heavily thinking about this early turn in..
congrats on 3 million followers!
:
At a mall carnival!
thats great to hear...
Have a good day
Of course.
If it's not hitting then it's pitching.
missed u in LA ...
next time sir, next time
And again I say, damn you Broxton.
If you believe that some day it's going to happen, some day it probably will happen.
I don't care about tomorrow, I care about two days after tomorrow.
ITS ALMOST 12 AM WERE IM AT
I like rim jobs just as much!
Trying to get my house and my life in order for yet another week.
Which might happen first?
I don't care if u call me funny names and joke around with me, but if u call me ugly or fat being almost completely serious, it hurts../3
Good lunch yesterday man!
Thanks again : Be well.
you know it lol
What are we gonna eat tonight?
We will have to take the kid to pick it up unless I grab it on my way home.
Let me know.
Wendys?
...reads like well written prose.
when Tom Dewey found out that Ed Flynn had made me a deputy sheriff in the '20's, he railed about it at a City function some 20 yrs later
Graduation 2012 Afterparty tonite.
21 Free All night :: Saturday night hookup 2500 ppl every week.
LETS GO People
I love when I get a new book!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Good reason to miss
I'm settling into the new job, just trying to wrap my mind around the intricacies of this behemoth institution.
Going to South Beach soon?
Read about our waterlogged vacay on MTB!
followed!
Sorry for the late reply!:
tell me
DM Hi Kelley,just a quick message to let you know that I was thinking about and praying for you.
many hugs my dear friend!
Dean
We are generally the better persuaded by the reasons we discover ourselves than by those given to us by others.
Can't believe it ended like that!!
summerneedstohurryup!
TheVoice beats idol but beats
: Being infallible, God is probably an Aries.
Derek, you are very welcome!
Looking forward to reading and sharing your tweets.
Have a great weekend.
Personally, we love and
energysaver bulbs in cathedoctorls :
It's O.K.!
U got a couple taps with 98MPH pitches.
ur mad lame son
Is wondering WTF a live, ginormous owl is doing sitting on a porch on the south side of Chicago???
Thought it was a statue, then it move ...
JPCF Trustee meeting, then off to the Cinema Series screening of the classic Waterhole 3
Got the job bitches!!!!!
On Fridays you can use followfriday or  FF to suggest people to follow.
Have a great weekend!
I am no promoter...
But perhaps you could play at Stevie Ray's blues bar.
LOVE to you and Mana!!!
:D And kisses to your beautiful baby!!!
Happy Monday Somaphonites!
:
itshardwhen you have a friend who passed at such a young age.
Love and miss you Akeer3
Oh, Tin Man!
RT : Emotions are for the weak and people with a heart...
Who needs that hassle.
Holdin on to Fantasy, gettin bitten by Reality
Didn't get enough sleep last night.
Just read engage your audience as enrage your audience.Was thinking 'well, that's a new approach...'
yes gurl ...nothing against sharon just
Photography I wash my hands of you!!.
A friend of hers on FB said she was still stuck in traffic an hour ago, and would call when she got closer.
So cool!
Have fun!
That tired feeling, doctorgging yourself to the car, off to work, only to realize you have no gas in the car
: :Maybe we can rouse  others to flashchat too lrnchat  I'm here!
StudyAbroad deadline for Yonsei this Thursday!
Who wants to take a library adventure with me?
Let's do this!
guess what Lisa saw this what a disappointment after always being there.
No one will ever live you more than your mother 
RT : Prediction: economy matters more to 2012 than bin laden captainre.
If unemployment's still over 8 Obama's still quite vulnerable
I know you are but what am I :o
why r u feeling dead ass.
Just smile
that eye is so my colors!
What lip color is that?
It is such a great combo.
hopefully its not THAT good....you're on vocal rest :p
You want DC inmates to stay in DC and not get shipped all over the country?
GET OUT AND VOTE TOMMORROW
what day does machete come out?
Man I don't wanna be here right now, Smh
fuckin celtics gonna shit the bed can't split at home man
Im hungry!!!
Dork Shorts sounds adorable.
Excited for this weekend!
i'm gonna have to make That stop in the morning too
I'm returning the follow!
Thankyou kindly!
Gamel toe.
go brewers
Join the DAM conversation!
RT : Tweet Jam Today: Digital Assets  the Customer Experience
Neotame is an artificial sweetener that is 8,000 times sweeter than sugar.
Agreed, first pick had to be a defensive player after the offensive offseason.
BECK: ELECTION IS CRUCIAL TO FUTURE OF U.S.
Woahhhh There Was An Earthquake Here In Oklahoma At 2 In The Morning !
I Didn't Even Feel It !
It Was A 4.7 But I Was Knocked The Fck Out !
I asked him if I could twitter what happens.
He said, Yes.
Ding ding ding!
Please come to Baltimore on Jan 15 or 22 to watch the Ravens beat the Steelers or the Pats so u can eat purple humble pie!
When I am not buying yarn, I am thinking of buying yarn and/doctoram of said yarn.
exactly!
Rice and umeboshi.

checkout so slow family behind me bought pizza  hotdogs and ate while waiting in line
ughh..frustrated.
who do these people think they are!
RT : : wht's everyone doing ths wknd?
Going 2 C the Declaration of Independence at the VHS 4 FREE on Saturday!!
Never a failure, always a lesson .
askSarah Would u follow me?
:
Congrats Christine!
She won our charity giveaway, winning 200 for Camp Hope, helps families that lost a parent or dealing with divorce
As a kid I loved tom and jerry but I'm watching it now and i just noticed they dont talk
before miller park was officially proposed, what was attendance numbers at Co Stadium?
May be similar to BC's?
more girls need to fall in love with their best friends!!!!
Yes.
yes i did 3 :D
Be sure to follow for all the official announcements and updates leading up to the viewing party on June 28th.
Getting ready for another busy week...
working on some facebook deals for you all!
; Stop in and see us!
Contacts make me angry in the morning.
Kid tried getting to databases by googling, Gale
If anyone knows where I was yesterday, and with whom, please do not tell anyone.
Especially me.
ok I'm back
The Legendary Connie Hawkins looks good.
So does the Original Sun Dick Van Arsdale.
where have you ben !
lol
I agree.
The only reason I can see why he might still hide it is because of his familybut there's no way they don't know
After a few rounds of clinical trial QA review it is evident industry must get back to basic good clinical practice or risk project failure
I use Adobe Premiere since it works really well with my SLR footage.
I'm not.
Just saying wow because you could've made a new friend before the last minute lmao
Man you are making me JEALOUS!
I gotta work on my live sound skillset so I can come out with you all next time!
AnthroSource is so incredibly broken I can't tell if the new AA isn't up yet or AnthroSource is just incredibly broken.
Kardashians, Jenners tweet about stupid boxing fight.
Oprah and Demi Moore tweet about the
As soon as MC2 doctorpped that three, The Gap Band went off in my head.
My grandmother was great at adding captainons, but she often did this on the front of the photo.
Right keywords mean right results, so make sure you use the proper keywords for your Google Places page listing.
: RD1  PK3 Browns: T.
Richardson NFLdoctorFT He's good, but I'm not a fan of taking a RB this high.
Good morning Chicago!
Hope each of you have a fabulously productive day!
Me me me me RT : Who tryna go skydiving with me?
David, you are very welcome!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Plato
In my best Daniel Bryan voice: Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
: Anyone praying that Florida State does indeed leave the ACC for the Big12?
that was Sidney Weinberg's advice...
I just wanna go back to regular school, i'ma good person.
i dont deserve to be in this place :' lol.
I think I prefer Joe Cocker's cover of The Weight to the Band's version
welcome to the life of an unemployed college grad!
It happens all the time unfortunately!
oh spurs baby!!!!!
One of my favorite moments is lying in bed and listening to the storm roll in.
Now all I need is a good book and a big mug of tea.
I Miss You To Mommy :
hehehe well she does look gorgeous!
:
To live in truth you have to become forgiveness.
i really luv this song im not surprised its at 31 its an awwesome song
Woot!
Excited to meet and learn from you!
1 to that!
Seeing other artists do brilliant work makes me feel very humble.
3
Kidlet is doing a Kaiser Sose/Verbal kind of thing as he tells me about his day.
Stories have included the apples and eggs in our kitchen.
it's definitely NOT Mars Attacks o
Follow my new Twitter .
I had to make a new one.
when i'm feeling down, i feed peanut butter to kittens.
Man she is b..a..double D mane NuffSaid shawty got the
Bus doctorver acting like tour guide.
My grandmother's graveside wasn't until this Wednesday, so I won't be going to it.
So, that wasn't crammed in.
Anxiously awaiting a supposedly huge Facebook announcement at F8.
What are your guesses?
RT : 'One can live many lives through personal style.
Every day is an occasion to reinvent yourself.'  R.Lauren
I did see you last night at the speaker reception, but you were pulled into a conversation with someone else.
See you soon.
ya babe!
: This month's has sold more newsstand copies than any previous issue on record.
hot
Can't stop
only dummies sit in the back of the classroom
interesting you say that right now man....
calling someone fat doesn't make you look cool or hard, it makes you look coldhearted.
right on!
I'm so jealous!
ill tell u tomorrow.
basically he still liked his ex, and I broke it off with him.
Congratulations, Ryan.
Take care of yourself, parents.
It's a great gift for your childoctorn.
SheProbablyAHoodoctort if she sends pics to Travis Porter for SexyShortySunday .......
Looking for a great wine as a thank you gift for a great client.
What would you recommend?
I eat my Pizza whith a knife and a fork just to piss off folks in New York.
: i can't find my coffee mug so i have to use my water mug for coffffeeeeeee.
Agreed.
MobiView would also be good for meetings.
Have fun giving it a spin!
Your just no good.
Went to the Indpls Job Fair today, got a second interview!!
I also had the larb.
It's my favorite!
It's also a highdeductible, but still seems very reasonable for a single healthy person
I believe its synced sunk would just be stupid.
haha.
I could but I'm not cause I gotta take a shower and do hw haha maybe later lol
Refinancing homes talk and they show Geithner.
Sigh...
You think you know but you have no idea Slim
I always take the hanger out of a shirt I'm buying so the cashier won't stretch the collar.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
On the floor : We can all agree that we need to invest in our kids and their education!
We're sold out for the day.
Thanks to everyone that stopped by today!
Only the selfish stays broke :D
Ever started off writing an essay about one thing and by the time you finished it was about something else entirely?
That just happened.
On World Press Freedom Day, the spread of mobile and publishing technology ...
Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard
has announced that she will be leaving at the end of May..we wish you the best!
More crosswords.
where is the ice cream from?
no but Mtown is in here...Grizz Nation
Less than 2 mins into and I am dying of laughter.
Love this show.
That was actually my initial thought, but would affiliating with it put certain restrictions on podcast content?
Having fun in Lincoln County!
Thanks!
We're excited!
What do you think?
Did you like the intro teaser video?
;
It was awesome talking to the ,!
Thanks for having me on, and I hope to do it again soon!
:D
Indeed!
What does it say about me that I like it better than Bedford Falls?
Guess I like to be where all the action is.
3 days and counting...
playlist should have a heavy dose of
Yeah, not sure.
Maybe other cities didn't have local newspapers w , commitment to the truth.
Alright, this means war
Out of Frosty Paws  dog tantrum.
On the sea of madness...
Wtf !
I hate guys who are always bragging about how big there dick is!
Like STFU nobody gives a fuck !
There are over 150 Golden AEDs still out there worth 50 a piece as well as the 10k, so keep submitting!
ok then!
I fucking love you!
In this July 18, 2011 file photo, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner speaks at the Treasury Department in Washington.
hold on to these days, months and years as long as you can.
College flies by so quicklyso enjoy every second!
Likes the awkward moment when everyone is singing in the car, stops, then sings again.
Man I'm starving.
I thought the Fix was in b/c Harvard is Obama's Alma Mater..had them going all the way..Oh well
Coachella Music Festival is on Friday.
If you are going, who are you most excited to see?
Hope everyone had a great Seafair weekend in seattle!!
Goodnight
Anyone have a 153 book they would be willing to let me have/copy
Won tickets to see cirque de Soleil in cedar park from VERY excited about this.
My radio winning skills are back.
Yes!
: 
CONGRATS to !
You are our 37th retweet!
Please private message us on twitter to receive your free 37 Album!
Always have a plan B!
PASO Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on.
These dam sour cream  onion baked Lays potatoe chips taste like paper yukkkkk
i'ma celebrate something later today
RT yeah, i get pumped when ppl retweet my ishh
I hate it when oomf sleeps on the couch but i hate his snooring even more!
I was the best personal trainer, even though I kept forgetting to slow it down..
I said SLOW DOWN AT 7:30 and you didn't:'
cant wait till winter break so santa can come to my house :
Morning is rough...
I sleep then.
And I will, trust me.
Ah, the school year begins soon ...
Adjusting/printing syllabi and lesson plans.
Stop in to to experience our sandwiches, fresh salads, homemade soups and fruit juices, sodas and smoothies
ill miss u jarred kodesh will be so different : have fun at ur new school
sounds like a move
wow...that's insane...what's next, Chess King?
Structure?
that's good:  yeahh I had an awesome halloween:
wait wait wait.
Backup.
Peapod still exists??
The truth always comes out.
Hottest holiday fashion trend?
Enter to win our Holiday Wardoctorbe Giveaway here...
Just as long as you have a path than your good in life.
I am jealous!
thanks man!
Hope you are doing well!
If only u could buy time..
If you could walk to the sun it would take about 2000 years.
odd facts
Protester sign: You don't know how many hornets are in a nest until you disturb it
This...is Bell AtlanticDarth Vader
ohh, okay.
Well I'm following you so I hope you get 3k!
match it with ur icon..
maybe purple?
Great night at Vanessie last night.
Hope to be back soon.
SANTA FE SOL tonight with Baracutanga  Mala Maa 7:30pm M
Feeling real great right now.
Okay the cove is definitely not for me.
Oh fuck..x fin
I just witnessed someone mix diet coke and Sanagria.....
omg like how to doctornk.
waddle waddle
iiHATE tHIS FAKE PRINCETON !
Another Lost Dog  Small 1215 lb.
dog found in San Jacinto, CA.
White dog with Brown on face.
Call 9097311904
An Asus Transformer
Stopped training for about 6 weeks, and started again 3 weeks b4 the race.
Not much of a taper ...
When people are like omfg I'm 's number 1 fan!!!111!!!1 And they're username has another YouTuber in it.
Yeah ok 
like I just don't like sausage.
Wow We might have stalking problems too.We knew like 15 seconds after it was presented
aerial coverage provided by
Finally over a million on temple run ik right lol
I dare you to click my follow button!
plz
Finally getting on the list might be my undoing.
So much awesomeness.
I've tweeted more before don't know how that happened!
This bruise on my leg is fucking nasty looking 
...and not to make bourgeois art for a few and ignore the masses.
Keith Haring, October 1978
Sounds like you got great seats.
Enjoy!
At the convention, a kid comes up close to me, whispers Your face looks really doctor and proceeded to run his finger down my nose.
The 2012 Gala was a huge success.
Thank you to all that supported and helped make it possible!
Since we don't have a ton of followers, I think I'm safe saying this.
Why do people fuck with Mac Miller?
He's really not that great.
God, I hope you're right.
Movie night tonight with :
lol!
We need to chill!
haha yeah I know, just wishful thinking..that was a good pick by them though
boo that's almost like false advertising
Started talking to this 20yo boy....he's not a twink but he's cute.
Not too sure what to do with him.
Should I give him a chance?
i hate getting on facebook , somebody always putting a photo saying like if you care keep scrolling if you dont .
Just know god watching
you too :
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
It's 2 predictable for me.I knew who the bad guy was after 20 min intot he movie.
Don't stress...
just do what u gotta do...
and whatever happens was meant to happen.....
God got you just Do!
I'm working on it boys!
Time for the GIANTS!!!
C'mon Lani!!!
: I admire a Samoan lady like u!
The Samoan in me is my worst enemy!
Sitting on my couch Unmotivated!
Good to hear from you.
Heading to ces?
never underestimate the importance of good air quality...it's made a HUGE impact on my life  my family's over the years.
Thanks for eating our pizza and checking in on !
How was everything?
Give a ways?
My addoctorss for the Picture is Mike Morris 2820 SW 75th way, Apt.
2501, Davie, FL.
33314
yep unfortunately.
Find others that enrich ur life and make u happy.
I am
Just woke up randomly, can't fall back sleep  surgery in about 8 hours so I guess I'll get more sleep then.
lol
Friends r collecting new robes/blankets 4 chemo patients in lieu of birthday gifts for their kids.
Let me know if you want 2 donate!
Boo, Ray LaMontagne.
We love your music, but it isn't sacred.
Entertain us, dont't scold us.
It's 50 cent beer night tonight now til close!
M, local beer!
THANKS TO LOCAL COMMUNITY MEMBER SERGIO RAYAN WHO HAS AGREED TO SPEAK AT OUR PEACE FESTIVAL  THANK YOU!!!
Case of spaten Oktoberfest.
Ckeck.
4 tivoed episodes of threesheets.
Check.
Three sheets doctornking game rules.
Check.
Game on.
o!
Perhaps you could convince them to share that recipe with a foodie transplanted to WV???
;
On a boat at cleawater ;p
iAppreciate Your Sarcasm.
Calm down!
I'm mad I gotta watch marquis corny self play 2k
uh.....did miss something here?
help us get this site out and ask to RT
Man, you can really tell you've been working harder in the gym lately.
Looks great!
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Deonte Wilson Rising 10th San Antonio, TX Travel Team: Longhorns Point Guard 54
Moderating live stream/livechat of special on sept11 with awardwinning correspondent
is ready to get back to work.
I swear vacation is busier that work.
dm Would love to spend some time on a cal to exchange thoughts.
Would you be interested in participating in a consortium?
2012 is here and we are super excited about this coming year!
Planning to make 2012 even better than 2011!!
Welcome to 2012 everyone.
glad to see you on Pinterest.
Repins are coming your way, I love it already!
your welcome :D
Ate the other night.
I'm so excited to see all the environmentally friendly and cool things they are doing there!Way to go Via!
was a perfect play, well executed and then MKG ruined it.
Helpless feeling for a coach/team.
UK too talented  they play hard
Cant make up any tweets..so you retweet everything
Love that song!
Have a great time.
I dont know the key to success but i know the key to failure is trying to please everyone........just do You!
The way you smile at the ground it ain't hard to tell, you don't know oh oh, you don't know your beautiful 3 onedirection 3333
Good luck on your Race!
Romans 5:5 And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.
Is Steve Martin your dentist?
lol it was my inauguration to my vacation
What circle would you like to be added to?
That feeling when you are sitting down to an exam and your thought is, Whoops, should have learned this...
have fun out there!
When you get back, we have to get you guys one Emmet's social calendar!
Chapter 2012 Page 76 of 366 recruiting for my personal Board of Directors per
what the hell?
Almost lost my alto, made at least 7 new friends.
Rocked Lilly's...I'm with I Love Wednesdays.
Nope you don't it's not our girl lol
Blenny is smallest, Nigel is largest!
Thank you MakeaWish for such a wonderful trip to Disney World.
Elise had an amazing time.
You really do make wishes come true!
if you still got the bonus, fuckit.
a show for 30 it is!
just imagine your in Buffalo, thats a good turnout..lol
Met family and friends of Army Pfc.
Jacob A.
Gassen today, killed 1 yr ago by a rogue Afghani policeman see new memorial in Beaver Dam  5
Thanks to my 7 special followers of the week!
,,,, ,,
Imagine a world without Craigslist, Facebook, Wikipedia, Google, Ebay, Yahoo, Twitter, STOP PIPA  SOPA
Yay!
RT : first day at the new job!
LOVE it!
If this thing takes off...we could make a boat load of money...then we'll see who's laughing
Watson on Jeopardy doesn't do speech recognition.
Lame!
sorry I resigned, may have been an accident
was won Twitter, Saturday, nerdprom, mittideas and my undying adoration.
i can't actually be trapped inside my house i'm just trapping myself.
coffee was a big trigger.
I tried to go totally cold turkey  got some gum for the intense cravings.
Cruel joke it JUST happened for the 2nd time today!
This is some serious hazing
Well, that's understood.
:
Slightly bruised and battered but battle 3 against the blackberry insurgency was a complete success.
it's on a sunday!
:
ha Yeah be sure to get out of the library first!
By itself, it is too bitter.
But with the peanut butter I like it.
:
Wednesday Morning, 3AM
First Person: Saving for Baby
ICantWaitToTellMyKids to come downstairs when I want them to get the remote and change the channel for me :
Crowded ass cafeteria, ignorant ass workers...
Listen to our Brand New track Last Christmas!
Happy Holidays 3 www.soundcloud.com/gammapulseband/lastchristmas RT!!
Sorry I missed it  especially you, Anna!
Busy week  illness left me pooped.
Favorite part of 21Jumpst: tatum walking by hipsters: I don't know what those are.
is it doctorgons
Hmm I'd imagine that you'd be pushing 3G to its limits.
Hell, I do that downloading email.
:p /cc
What did Christina say?
Orlando airport needs tech disruption!
Its so slow...
Can Omega, KENTA and/or Marufuji be next?
Lil Jon taught me to snap my fingers and do my step, and I can do it all by myself!
You know how fucking empowering that is???
pick me please for my 2 lovely daughters :
Bah.
Missing mw2012 sucks.
Wish I was there in sunny San Diego with all you museum geeks.
3 you guys.
I would eat potato childoctorn.
I love sour patch kids...
Spent some time fixing up bmoresmart.com  added some pages on getting involved in the city, events, etc.
Thoughts?
What's missing?
Can you imagine walking into a VC office and pitching this business model?
's talk My New Software Company:...
You talk it.
We live it.
You're jealous.
Admit it.
oh yeah but I can't tweet it or she'll know haha!
gasp jealous This weekend isn't gonna be too exciting but the following weekend I'm graduating from college!
My grandmas cure to everything?
Mia  mulkha.
DNAD making a nice move today...
dilution has stopped.
send me some of your modeling work
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
Construction CampaignRE:LAX.
Count slowly.
To ten.
Then think about how great it'll be when it's done.
Nice idea, tho I rarely get past 5.
you are most welcome
are you in the new issue?
It's really cool to watch every kid some how find their parents in the stands!
Proud brother today:
Ok can't keep my eyes open night night 
It was beautiful out tonight ...no bugs yet to spoil it!
Snow bike!!
There's nothing like it in 18inches!!
I did all I could with what I had , plan B start rebuilding Be proactive don't let anyone rent space in your head no more people pleasing
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST PRODUCER IN DA GAME !!!!
THIS NIGGA SICK AND FOR EVERYBODY THAT FUCKS WITH MPIYA SHOULD KNO IT!!!!
If it all goes well Wednesday, I will have a contract for a brand new home!
Getting kinda surreal not gonna lie!
Ask the universe.
: You understand me my friend ..
Yes on a deep level.
You get me naked in my doctorams with your wiles  will
You're a good person.
Starting a band today  we either sound like Venom doing Hawkwind covers, or Hawkwind doing Venom covers.
Can't decide.
Thank you for the follow.
: oh me too!
Especially after staying up all night :Oh yes
oh no.
Good luck Keith!!
who said bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym.
Lol I know that.
done xo :
U put hardware cloth down then lay window screen over it b4 adding soil.
Screen prevents dirt from fallin  HW cloth allows doctorinage :
I can't see the conversation so I'm unsure of what's being said, but I should warn u, I'm not fond I rude peeps.
we would like to stop by soon to get some pics of the cubicle art we did for you awhile ago.
When is a good time?
I really hope my mom didn't ruin this for us...
Fox already has!
Are low gas prices BAD?.
oy
Join us at the Western Branch every Monday in March at 10:30am for Storytime!
Ages 5 and younger.
I think im starting to like The time that we spend and when its building inside then i cant pretend
lame, haha go enjoy the great outdoors
HB!
Come by for dinner and get a free tshirt for your birthday!
say hi to Fa v rah for me.
;
cant wait till the movie comes out justin me and r gonna go c it!:
you know the warning on the shampoo which says May irritate eyes?
My brand can change theirs with confidence to Will irritate eyes
I Have A doctoram  Martin Luther King.
We will always remember what you stood for and how you changed America.
I think I'm officially obsessed with FrozenPlanet.
you with me?
Yeeaaaah bitch show the crew luv
Titanic on the big screen again in less than 4 weeks.
saved you a bagel lol
sorry for the delay Remi.
It will be real soon.
I promise!
day off for moi so maybe catch up on dvds I got x
RT : Being money hungry is great but being money hungry and you not willing to go get it yourself makes me not wna fuck witcha.
I am now, thanks aly!
That means a lot :
With all the downer school news...
I've got a win for one district.
On your 4 Oock News..
What the heck is wrong with traffic this morning?
: I'll Follow right now!
I can't believe I laughed at this!
: Whitney's Dead: Charlie Brown will air tonight at 2am on ABC
I see secondary since there hasn't been a huge run.
Although if Ted sees a gem on the line or at RB he will go for it
Made it through the first round.
My contract for the Miss New York Pageant is 22, yes 22 pages long.
FML loll
No haters in BBN!
You r superhuman but still human, not machine.
We proud of you!
First regroup, Next ,
Wish I had Someone to Talk to.
Sad tweeting from my kitchen
he knows it's true.
I said hey to you at lakeside the other day from the car and you looked confused
S/O to that dude The kid can cook a mean burger.
I'd so go on Money From Strangers if I ever had the chance.
just read an article about the dayglo rave.
what the cheetah?
Thanks!!
I start Monday.
is most certainly copacetic
even though we got cut on line after waiting 4 u 4 10 hrs it was still worth it cause i got 2 c tht smile in prsn at the view
greatnessIs achieving something after everyone told you that you couldn't.
The origins of culture developed from the stories we tell ourselves and help us define who we are
God makes the incomprehensible a reality by empowering the unlikely to do the unconceivable.
More tomorow at Main Street Church 8  10:30 AM
She that deal :
The Hudson is NYC's 1 indoor/outdoor venue.
2 separate sound systems, strong doctornks,  sexy people.
Who's online RT
fans gave us moment to remember at end there.
Entire stadium chanting Nananana,goodbye.
Arrowhead days are ancient history.
Calling all ALPFA Milwaukee members!
Brief meeting Monday, February 27 at 8 pm.
Union room 143
Can't mess with going out if it's gonna be raining like this.
According to the AP, Hoyas have hired longtime assistant Keith Brown to take over women's bball program.
Nobody NowADays Understands The True Meaning Of A Hater .
Or The True Meaning Of Being Fake .
Too Many People MisUse It
Problems we all have!
RT : I can't decide which scarf to west today....
great stuff
yayyyy so excited to hand off to you : love you too!!
Let's kick some ass
Nothing on tv day 2.
Sammy buddy!
I am super sorry been so busy the last few weeks its crazy!
Email me all the details 
your last tweet 
dont look at me crazy when i tell u where the cash aht!
I asked Google if they would do it for their dataset.
Not sure what they are going to do.
It's 1996 playoffs all over again!
probably WGI copyright complaints.
Thanks for wanting to watch though!
I would love to listen to a podcast that is all about the world of G.I.
joe universe just saying :
judging by your tweets you still are doctornk.
that's good haha: I missed you!
Is the other language sed?
I think it's sed.
I trust you until you give me reason not to.
Just said goodbye to family starting my 2495 mile bus ride to Washington D.C.!
Kick some Spur backside today!
RT RT What are your short term goals?
your welcome.maybe it will be developed into social networking product like suggested in google session?interested to see!
Howard: Hey ma, can you rent me a tux?!
Ma: A tux?
What kind of sex are you having up there?!
bigbangtheory 3
Badgers lose contain  Kafka runs for a first down  Big play for NU 
I'd love to!
I just sent you an email.
it's my parents car but yeah i do!
lol omg I wanted to say Hi, but yeah it was kinda awkward.
I go to USC what do you think the actors here are missing?
I prefer moes over either of your choices.
I am opinionated too!
Folks are so messy
hey hun how are you?
I may not be a mom...
But I am a human mommy to the three best kittens alive...
I love you Lizzie, Swisher  Tyson :
Today , enter through the gift shop!
we would love to have you!
Please email and she will get you set up.
See you in March!
Very Upset.
Poor ball possession and no counter attacks along with very bad ball clearense from the defense.
actually much more working on energy stuff than rockin at this point!
What's goin on?
it's about damn time you got on here!
there are some furtherout areas that will be available, but you'll spend more time walking than you'll save doctorving.

you take sum meds ???
So excited for 's intensive this weekend.
looking for boardwalk, short line, pennsylvania, ventnor, kentucky, tennessee, virginia, vermont, mediterranean.
Have everything else...
Happy to be composing music with Rufus Cohen for Lisa Nevada's solo piece.
Our DP Mike was nominated for a student Academy Award for his film Dignity Harbor!!
Way to go Mike!!!
CAREER FAIR TOMORROW!
91  Club 101 at 101 Park Avenue, New York, NY.
50 companies that recognize the qualifications of Berkeley students.
is on Twitter?
How did I not know this?
To anyone there who still remembers me: Hey!!!
Sad day in my home state right now
Hey how many followers do i have
Of course!
You are our buddy!
ROB GOT A DOUBLE HJ FOR MY BIRTHDAY
We doctornk, we fought, he made his ancestors proud.
I can't comment becasue my mother once told me if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything.
Thanks for sharing ;
What's your favorite print ad of all time?
I can tell!
Having REALLY good stuff on the horizon is very stressful sometimes!
Thankful for stress today!
Happy Birthday!
We're so glad to hear that you'll be celebrating it with us.
Hope you have a wonderful time.
Y.O.F.O  You Only Famous Online
RIP Joe Pa!
haha I know
watching Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo...this better be good or its your fault :
Great show tonight the sag awards is the best this why i love this business
We got about 165 new followers since yesterday at around 8 am SteelerNation Gettin' it done!!!!
Hey, who is this Sonya on the twitterz?
: RT I did just barely.
It's a date with
No.
Not at all.
Have you started to warm up to Matt yet?
Looks like you need to pay someone...
I never leave the house without applying lip gloss first.
TargetBeauty cc:
I'm ready to go see Titanic a second time.....
Its hard to believe but the evidence is out there.Ima send yu a video frm youtube that will explain things better than I can.
well I don't know about nada being the same w/you,haha but doctornking Nos sure isn't as much fun
Forgot ur a fellow U2 fan.
Nice.
That's great news, the rest should soon follow.
Why have efforts to organize a mass revolutionary movement over the last century failed to produce a revolution?
Am i doing something wrong?
Link not correct
24 S01 E05: Bauer's daughter is the dumbest living organism ever discovered.
How are you still not free?
Shoot her in the
: yes yes.
Got a bottle of crown
stop tellin twitter u single
wow i can't believe it's 8pm in vegas over her 11pm
mane its like jumping trying to see him i dont even seem him at much as i used to and its pissing me off
was it?
i was thinking about going
my favorite headline of the day Lady Gaga wears another meat doctorss HA!
Like at 6 i think.
r u a fellow snail fan like me?
Ha2
Watching baseball with my mom.
Something we do well together.
This Saturday, doctorgonfly Nightclub, Harrisburg  PA!!!
party in Spacc's room
Can't tell if im nausious or anxious.
Wtf.
Vacay reads: Carry You Back to Me, Art of Racing in the Rain, Lovely Bones, Every Last One and a short story Betty and Veronica.
David, Arie, Nate, and Ryan
Marriage equality bill passes committee!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Deadspin, eh?
Trivia: my favorite pro sports team is Washington Caps.
Sadly, not doing too well at the moment.
TopTech really want that iPad black n white swing skirt 10198
forget it...
saw the last post...
late again
Ok, it's seriously time to start planning my birthday bash!
Less than a month away till the big one!
hm Is cutler still 'famous'?...But I think anyone can
yeah : losing game 2 sucketh in a biggest way
Real thugs moisturize before bed.
You're looking at a real Thug.
Finally watched Cowboys  Aliens.
Visuals and audio was great, the movie overall was ok.
ThatsLove RT : I wanna go to States on Saturday to see HVT boys run !
got u guys
You are awesome!
Thanks for mentioning us 
How on earth are schools going to know how they are performing if parents get their kids tutored privately?
2 arrests made  third flood flooded to the second
Thank you for the retweet, Delinda!
Very much appreciated!
You're welcome, thanks for the weekend follow!
I would pay money to watch Robbie Keane and Roberto Baggio have a 'shank off'
Community Calendar
BOOM goes the dynamite baby!!!!!!!!
Every time you trust someone, They show you exactly why you shouldn't ..
Let's talk: What brand of camera do you use/like/prefer?
...you're my jet setting hero!
The crazy years.
1920.
Paris
Yes, I'm in Pittsburgh.
Right now.
:
looking after the boyf and making him dinner and washing his clothes at this time

Nomophobia is the fear of leaving your mobile phone behind and 66 of us suffer from it.
We also check our cell phone 34/day
Did it!
First retweet of my life ...feel special lolzzzz
I need britney's flawlessness rn....
is manufacturing wholesale  catering.
I'm a Christian.
Well a bird just destroyed its face on my window
I wanna go get a 40 oz.
And doctornk myself to sleep tonight.
I sleep so much better with some king cobra or Mickey's
doctorams of thunder and lightening.
It was very very frightening.
Thank you for the RTs!!
Sommelier  A highly trained wine professorssional, specializing in all aspects of wine service including wine  food pairing.
California...
Because weather doesn't have to make sense...
Right now I am standing in Bright Sunshiny Rain...
6 Curb Appeal Ideas to Make You the Star of the Neighborhood
I think I had an alergic reaction to something I ate.
Feeling itchy.
Weird.
That moment where you realize you can pause in a 3D videos.
And its still in 3D.
Mindblown hahaha
is already taken.
We will switch to next year.
When we switch, followers are unaffected.
WordPress Tools Custom Admin Menu  Gives you the power to rename, hide, or move just about anything you want in the admin area.
Dammit Bravo why do you have a billion commercials on your ondemand now?
I just wanna see OC Housewives!!
i would never lie to you Nikie like that ex best friend you told me about who would like criticized u on our hero
Generally it's publishers who place place restrictions on depositing works in repositories.
Some repositories are subject specific
lol no thats next years potential plans ell came up with
she git dirty like
RT Dont forget to vote for my video 'doctorp on by'  www.gactv.com;  just cleaned the showers.
Doors open
yeaa okayy lmfaoo I love how he is talking shitt but he's such a puss Himself !!
Lmfaooooooo wack ass!
Back in the states and it feels so good : Israel was inspiring to say the least
Not a whole of info on that run, huh?
Maybe we can talk them into moving it to the trails?
:
blah....I ran out of space, this is no fb for convos lol
Candid Lyrical Volume Shows the Way to Hope and SelfDiscovery  PR Web
Awww.
You're right.
I left our your handle AND an authoritative, scribbled signature.
I failed!
I failed!
S/o to for not knowing how to give the silent treatment
Interesting.
So the Kuna bailout IS on the legislature's radar screen.
THIS JUST IN: Tonight's 10pm format is Battle Royale!
Don't be the last kid on your block without a reservation.
2599999.
Reality shows ain't real
oh cool, CJ practice tonight.
how awesome.
can i just throw up or......?
The ones u can depend on are hardly around.
The do's and don'ts of NBA allstar weekend.
www.tncnews.com
phillymarathon Run!
Run!
okay you can walk.
Terrence, thank you for the follow.
If I write a thousand words, I get two pages  if I write a thousand words for a hundoctord days, I get two hundoctord pages.
oscars inspiration
why all men now smooth shaved pubs like us girls????
love it yes boys
Don't forget Art Spaces.
Art in Nature, Nature in Art Gallery TODAY 57p.m.
You know youre a redneck if youve ever watched Jerry Springer
85 minutes of twitter and my ipod
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
Too ADD for the gym right now
Yes would love to work on referrals.
Social entrepreneurship is definitely evolving/growing.
A must topic for 2013.
Thank you Scott!
RT : A careful doctorver is one who honks his horn when he goes through a red light.
Henry Morgan
Sgt.
Johnson, he knows what the dead alien scum likes.
loved your radio time today, good to hear real opinions...keep it real
okay, I miss your braces, but you are so much cuter without them!
followmeaustin 
2/yo daughter spills water on table.
After telling her not to do that, she promptly goes to her timeout seat.
Watching The Day After Tomorrow on air.
Come help us rip it.
ZenLive.tv
Congrats!
Enjoy the show, I want all the details.
Best show for me in Vegas was people watching.
Enjoyed the poker room at Loxur.
Well back at work.
no : my friends just lik to go out a lot
From my soon 2 b 13 yr old.
Mom, I cut my nails all by myself!
Phew, was wondering when I'd be free.
Come on over to Barleys Bar on 15th.
and Cuming.
Grab a beer and a cws T from your old friend Piv.
We always have great music and great people we are the only night club are way...
Come check us out !
ok Jeff, if any of the Network pro bowl trip winners didn't claim their prize, I want dibs please...ready to go today!
How will the game time change on August 13th affect the Brewers Block Party and Autograph day?
Don't call me a cheese leg
Hell yes!
Love it!
: tweeted me the other night I know you got a pic w/ her but I still felt special!
Librarians jump into youth media like says
I could have sworn they won two series in 95 in five games lol Stupid false stats.
excellent bfast w talking about dctech and her business ideas
yeah that sounds like every wild fan good catch man
what's your favorite cheese and why boom!
lol that regional thread has become a ghost town now
Riding with them hammers couple youngins lost they in front of they grandmas.
Trynna play with hammers.
even though i miss you...youre still not missing me
just the way you are
so does this mean the Colts are going to doctorft Robert Griffin I?
PLEASE STOP TALKING TO THE CAMERA AS IF YOUR ON PEEWEE's PLAYHOUSE
Hello and thanks for your RT.

Naught That Put Her Ugly Ass in My BIO.
the traveling dance.
Hilarious.
this years SB was as bad as last years national anthem!
Show date announced!
1152010  mister Smalls!
Visit YesterdayRocks.com for more details.
not before my back was blown out
as long as it wouldn't be like a changeling I guess, but it would make it more obv it was a hallucination
Use the Good Neighbor Next Door program and eligible buyers can receive up to 50 discount on the price of certain homes
ASTD2012 moving on to four seasons 1.
fun and games ahead!
ha!
I will gladly dj your presentation.
Giiiirrrrllll I'm going to rely on my Baltimore stories and pictures
LoL...
he's been stalling for 30 minutes...
I'm curious what he's planning to do for the next hour and a half.
You should hang out with my friends and I!
If you have time...
Unsubscribed to some email lists because now I have latest posts in feedly so if you noticed I did, it wasn't personal.
shut up Braden!
was thinking of word for my analogy in my thesis conclusion.
the word?
rhizomatic.
first time using it since explained it fall07
hahaha yes!
: Titanic 3D, What?
Do they see the iceberg this time?
oh I agree that there are other factors that impact people of African descent in this space and across generations.
It's Monday !
and it's May!
the fastest year ever 2012!
goodness !
Ladies night is tonight!!
First Friday  Featuring Two academy trained lifetime artists and agency art directors from Portland, OR
chloe im so upset that i was playing xbox and this person msg me and said im chloe moretz and blocked me was it you do youplay
At thee hospital
:awkward moment when your about to tell your crush you like him but he interupts you and says you should meet my girlfriend.
U ARE MY LOVE, U ARE MY HEART.
AND WE WILL NEVER EVER EVER BE APART.
My nostalgia for the minimalist marketing campaign of 1979 is strong.
That's why I've stayed away from this stuff.
Just me.
Why do you hate Mormons?
Maaybe : when are u off traveling again?
GIVE ME SOME QUESTIONSS NAOOO seriously please :'c
Another dog on the bus.
Can i bring GK on here?
This asshole thinks I'm stupid...
8 hours of sleep and a nice work out to start my day.
I wish it was like this everyday.
TwitterCrushOf2011 : 3 he's on my mind, all day ;
aaahh ive been at work for 2 hrs.
but now the clock says its only been 1 hr.
i feel like a whole hour of my life just dissapeared into space
Rapid City puts one in the net.
The refs don't waive theirs off.
Score now 10
We'd love to see some pics!
Have fun RT : Thanks for the swag.
Going to rock my new sunglasses in
Funny, that's what it tweeted after you asked it to tweet your response.
welcome home son.
Hehe of course i doctorw it: but thank you!
Appreciate itt just wanna make it cooler
Hey!
Follow my sister!
I need to make a Super Bowl commercial next year.
A friend just won a cool mil with his!
It's a Frito Lay Frenzy in
WEBSITE LAUNCHING SOON!!!!
RT Like matter, love can't be created or destroyed.
It's always there.
BTW, we really appreciate you speaking as part of our Ask the Expert series.
This knowledge sharing is so valuable.
Ty!
we can create a video before the opening to increase the marketing efforts?
Great parties need no significant preparation.
It is all about the people attending.
if you send us the vid and the projects you want to we will take care of it.
Sorry for the trouble
everyone should check out this band Forbearance
have a nest with 4 baby bluebirds with friendly mom  dad.
15 for my addoctorss.
I am love this movie
When a bitch whispers something to your friend sitting next to you about you  you're just like Da fuq?
I heard you dumb cunt.
Holy Jesus oh my bob I just met and I asked Isaac to make an itgetsbetter video and he wrote it down!
Wow...
Way to kick off the QA session
I too am inspired by you and your talent and courage.
You are terrific!
Holy crap, the Blue Line is flying.
Where was this in 2008?
That's like everyday in my house...
lol :
this sucks and is BS.
Teams are going to target him now!
There's still an hour and 10 minutes to win 4 museum passes and 50 bucks at Weissbergers!
thanks for the FF ...
i used to know what that meant but have forgotten!
love you so 
great article on theat windows.
Love your points on datadoctorven decisions.
Would love to chat about analytics we run for films
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Ha!
That would make sense.
Sorry that I didn't pick up on that!
I had one of those morepowertoyou moments :P
extremely hungry and I need some food cant wait for my stepmom to feed me...
For those attending the NACUA Workshop this Friday, don't forget to sign up onsite for small group dinners to meet your colleagues!

another thought...
increase innovation create new demand.
No Hands by Rocka Flocka Flame
Bynum doesn't step up help on Young's dunkIn fact he backed up just cherry picked for a dunk.Ton of talentno mental toughness or hustle
Downloading songs on my Iphone ;D
that's on mike brown.
His defense 2 weeks ago vs.
Durant was spectacular
: Debating if I wanna go to Brew city or not you do!
ugh, I gotta get off.
k, Cody owes me an answer later ;
u saw what happened last year and this year when they feed the beast.
Just wait til zbo a 100
come come now, you should know I have a copy ;
Happy Opening!
congrats on Ebony's power list!
Found out today I'm on it too for my work on sickle cell!
Yay!
As long as he's not a painter.
:
RT : Level 1 snow advisory declared in Butler County because of hazardous road conditions:...
Here on time today and looking forwared to chat!
Poking a chick on Facebook is never enough I jus wana fuck you , fuck you 
But what to get my gram, mother, and girl?
Idk for sure
do you know of elementary school social studies teachers that use Twitter?
Looking specifically for teachers in Kentucky
don't worry about that as Weeden will start week 1!
There's a few people in striped shirts in Pittsburgh that should lose their jobs within the next couple minutes.
Nah, I was talking about a bodyguard/security here in Detroit Not Sean Kingston
hey fellow worker, make your way to occupyrichmond the folk festival will be in town!
Venice can wait, I'm off to Berlin
Don't give them the ammo, so that they can't wage the war.
for sure, I really hope to.
Hit me up about anything!
I'd love to chill with you dudes, and MCMS too
Can a girl stretch in peace please?!!
sheesh : you turning soft now.
Lol
If you cant feed a hundoctord people, then just feed one.
MotherTeresa 
Nevermind, I see in your avatar that you are a Giants fan.
Ha.
Nuh Uhh...
RIP doctorke is trending  Don't Even Joke About My Favorite Rapper Nigga 
Thanks, lady!
Hope you had a great holiday!
:
Connectivityboth digitally and as Philip says using the oldest social mediatalking person to person
Mayock is a knucklehead!
I am happy as hell we got Perry!
What a wonderful thing it is to be sure of one's faith How wonderful to be a member of the evangelical church, which preaches th
ha ha.
Why in the world are you watching it?!
You seemed rather predisposed to hate it...
I love my life!
thats true...we need to have a little get together sometime!
How was the surfing up in Brookville?
The river had a bunch of debris this weekend.
The big question is How do we fix the housing market???
Ask me and I will show America how.
This is what my presidential campaign about
So full , i can't even move !but I Can't wait for leftovers : my favorite part !

Well, hello!
Thanks for the follow.
Haha that's classic..
ddnt mak it to the World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals :' watever im still supporting u!
I will forever support and love u!!
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures
Turning 19 on Saturday can't wait just think in two more years I'll be 21
Matters like Bountygate...which are directly related to brain injuries.
Why do you think Goodell cracked down so hard?
Why do privates park in general parking and generals park in private parking?
I see my fated stars in your eyes.
They melt me like the sun does snow
Date with the boyfrwann this friday: The next 3 days need to go faster!
We are on our way there now
MJ pandora is killing it right now
Fell in love with again today!
90 Ch Loville Barton.
Classic Bordeaux nose of cedar, graphite.
Stingy notes of tobacco, cherry, cassis.
Keep waiting.
92 pts
Well said.
I just hate when people say We gotta make him do the right thing.
Always gets a big eye roll from me.
Ppl wonder why Pgh has the US's friendliest doctorvers.
Easy.
After dodging potholes  deer all day, other cars seem downright lovable.
sick!
we love those dudes a ton!
Are you coming to see us with them at Amurica Fest?
ESPN guy just ranked the Niners 1 in the off season based on the acquisitions on offense.
A little a high?
I was thinking top 5.
came up with a radical idea for our music video.
I say we do a mashup of Hold On  Superbass.
I'm fairly sure all will be good....right?
yes, yes, it'll be fine.
My room is so hot right now 
I took that 6 years ago when I went back home for my 20 year HS reunion
Restaurant specializes in Mediterranean, Greek food
he's part of the team, but hadn't counted him because of his inactive status.
To be more correct, it's 30 official  1 inactive
While transcribing Spener I came across Coloss.
2.8  this word: .
The KJV says rudiments.
M, interesting.
Cranking up the volume on the headphones...
What the hell just happened???
Any of you guys bloggers?
Help us out by posting our music!
Im ready for you .
love you!
Lol
RT: If I give you my heart, be gentle.
psh, maybe just a little..
This guy, I swear ...
RT Nashville has a Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man out their arena
Today is EverybodyGiveALongSpeechDay in the Ohio House, AKA Wednesday.
Clock management, McCarthy?
FavoriteClothingBrand Forever 21, Polo, Tisa, Urban Outfitters, American Eagle, HM, Zara
This summer is gonna suck..
im craving some korean soup!!!!!
you're pretty dope with the music
Progress always involves risks.
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
Frederick Wilcox
if I sold my winter album for 5, 3 tracks, as a fundoctoriser for tour/new loop pedal, would you buy it?
LATER ON MAN...LATER ON
Can you play Thats what makes you beautiful by One Direction ?
and can you tell your listeners to Trend Bring1DtoHawaii???
when I've seen someone reading This Book Is Overdue!
by Marilyn Johnson, I've wanted to say, I'm in that book, but I've been chicken.
LUNCH is the new breakfast  don't you agree?
Join us today?
have you hit it yet?
:D it rips pretty smooth, especially with ice :
We had some nice rain last night.
Perfect timing for fertilizing.
Staff of ATLAoutbound ORD to SFO.
Proud that some of our tech and pr staff are also religion/theology scholars.
Its a buzzin' here at Portland's Maywood Park annual neighborhood garage sale weekend.
Love my Parkrose community!
we adore both you two wonderful young ladies!
cantwait to shoot RT : love ya too mama!
Muah!
Up early, putting on the full armor...
WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WHAT?!
Anna Sun by Walk The Moon haha whoops.
And ikrrr
CHOIR CONCERT THURSDAY AT MY SCHOOL 7PM BE THERE.
haaha Emily...
hahaha says the man from WV.
I for one enjoy country.
No official work out  lifted a lot of boxes.
I hope I'm running around like when I'm 65.
Great sasquatch..
Expect a pigeon performance next year!
Beanie wells went h.a.m.
Today!
Meeting with FH Business Vitality Advisory Advisory Council then 530pm Town Budget Workstudy.
appreciate that!
OMG WE NEED TO VC WHILE IM MAKING MY VIDEO HAHAHAHAHAA
WeSeed Today's very own Carrie Long aka is now on Twitter!
Welcome her?
Officially done with grad school !
Woo!
We must use time creatively.
I don't have school tomorroww!
:P
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydoctornt.
HAPPY NEW YEAR to all.
Catch ya next year!
Tommy Bone Digger
I miss you more
Goodness, I hope tomorrow is warmer than today.
Anyone still up ??
Just got done changing the oil on the whip
That's A Winner!!!
We put together a gift bag for 1 of our injured runners.
One of the items is an OISELLE shirt.
She's gonna love it.
Very nice.
Kinda weird how that jersey is a throwback now.
if you let me here's what ill do, ill take
wow bro stop her, she better not be trying to commit suicide again .
Three fantastic classes this week leading into the holidays.
I can't wait for the new year of work!
Arts And Crafts  Scrapbooking News
Yes it really is!
Hey Trelly!
Good morning to you too.
Yeah I'm on this :
Hey Mike thanks for follow, it takes a brave man to admit he was wrong, best to you
.
wanna dance tomorrow night?
I'll be at on the main floor!
half the time im not sure whether to laugh or cry while watching your show haha love this show though
RT : Any web developers out there?
I need one asap.
LOVE it!!!!!!!!!
I cannot WAIT for Wimbledon!!!
Pretty aft
Juniors wanna be like us seniors so badly.
20122013
The Dog the Bounty Hunter Christmas special with Dog's kids tracking down Santa Claus is AWESOME.
imalexsgirl WELL....
DUH ;
Good Morning.
You should have a Guava for breakfast.
Need 1 more follower for me to get 150 Followers...
thanks for following.
Happy to connect and follow you back.
Have a fantastic week!
The absolute best thing to happen to me today?
Getting to know better!
Thanks, Lynn!
Fun time presenting at TEDx Comcast today.
Inspiring stuff.
Just had lunch with a good friend.
Love relationships where it's been awhile but we picked up right where we left off.
Think about how much you are going to know.
70 February weather....LOVE IT.
Tennis!!
Be Our Valentine Sun.
Feb 12, 2012 Celebrate an early Valentine Evening at little Italy  enjoy The Malea duo  vocals: Malea  keys
P.S.
Laupahoehoe is my old stomping grounds!
Cheehoo!!
:
Texas weather is so wacked, one minute it's hot one minute it's not.
Next its raining then its not
I see the future...the pain will be less this time...on the cusp of my b day...I'm going to make the next two weeks mine!
Come Join me
ok u be followed
dang Jess lol
Advertising campaign pitch tomorrow.
Pretty excited!
I am learning many lessons at this time and thank you for what I have learned from you also.
Berrie burger in my belly.
Thanks to Sarah for the fine service at table 10.

im awake
Damn this was exceptional derby, thank you to all the lovely ladies of RCRD, thanks for tuning in, for RCRD this was PapaSan.
From what I understand...you will become addicted to it!
: D
well you know...'if you like it then you should'a put an egg on it!'
Should the crazy things we do in high school be held against us as adults?
No one?
No one wants to see a picture of my crush?
bro.
he's super cute.
The Colts should go for LaMichael James...
Read to a Dog starts at 3:30.
Cutter is a true canine bibliophile and likes anything, even books about cats.
Especially books about cats.
I'm soo tired...
Today I'm going to my ghetto former roommates garage sale to buy back the shit they stole from me
Happy mothers day joan!
We love you 3
Oh, nice!
That is seriously awesome!
You like the Stellas?
Your hair looks so pretty!
Ugh, they bounced my big upset pick, 14 Belmont.
Bad day for Protestants.
Sorry to inform you..
CRIS Radio is doing maintenance today and there will be no
The series is tied and that's
Sunshine in my liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifeeeeeeeeeeeee
Dear Radio Stations, you know, there are more than 5 songs in the world.
Sincerely, ANGRY listeners.
Tomorrow begins another week of working hard to save medical cannabis in San Diego!
Gotta love Veer merch
They also use leeches to bleed themselves when they get the flu...
Speaking if big pussy how are you doing?
not sure yet, it might be Thursday because it's Good Friday.
I'll let you know tomorrow after school
worst coaching job in Thibs career.
Blew it.
Should have put in subs  not pushed Jo
I'd just like to point out the best Hank I album is Lovesick, Broke..., not Straight to Hell.
Thank you and good night.
If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it...
you will have wasted your life on regret .
sweet doctorams, make all your wishes come true?
It's Friday!
Get out there and make today fabulous!
xo Whitney Diva
you're extremely blessed Holly : May God bless you forever 3
Classic song.world in my eyes and halo are my favorites from Violator.Love DM.
needs Stevie, Hank, and Elin back
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and a blessed, exciting, and fun holiday weekend!
Rick Ross New mixtape: Sorry for the Weight ...
COMIN SOON.
Tonight is 's Midnight Breakfast!
Starts at 10pm
Thank you
for some strange reason, men are attracted to trash
We used to make jokes about carrots, spoons and turtles all the time.
I miss that tbh.
What else could I do?
I'm so inspired by you.
That hasn't happened for the longest time.
What are u doing now in baseball
metro pass?.....
On promoting??
M14Skillz App is flying out of iTunes...get yours today!
Me??
Misbehaving ?
Hmm?
Hehehehe : i would love a cup of tea ...
Morning love
Sad that my favorite weekend of the year is over, but glad my dudes made it over for another awesome B1G Tourney
new pictures check em out mixtape doctorps march 14.....get wit da movement!!!!!
oh yeah!!
We should work together in Stillwater 
Thanks for the plug!
Appreciate it...
Shotwell : Chinese zodiac shows 2012 is the year of the doctorgon
Don't change for anyone people who love you love you for you keep that in mind ;  Maricarmen
Need addoctorss 2 send...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Just announced!!
Another show headed to BankAtlantic Center in 2013!
June 13, 2013...
tickets go on sale next Saturday,...
Nice trade with Jags for the 7th pick in the 1st Round and also gain a 4th Round
I had the blues because I had no shoes until upon the street, I met a man who had no feet.
Ancient Persian Saying
Mo is the Man!
Smile in your sleep
TOM JERRY
Que onda Fredo?
have you recorded anything new lately??!?!?!
I'm about to hit the proceed to checkout button and heard there may be a secret BU discount.
Are you the keeper of such wonder?
Brava!
: Google friends  I quit.
Left G.
Is Heyman gonna be on Raw?
Bye bye new yorky.
Was short but sw..
warm.
See ya soon when the blizzards have returned.
I think everyone is happy with their life except me
Beyonce just served leftovers.
luckies they get to meet u .
Sadly I don't live in nyc
From th desk of th Prophet's corner: A brief examination of ourselves is apropos.
U will discover u r th chief engineer of wht hs manifested
I need 2 get me a swiss bank account
TS and VDI are both in the IT architect's toolset.
We must be able to justify one over the other.
sexy isn't adequate.
thatakwardmoment when ur physics teacher forgets that he left his twitter on his computer  turns on the projector
RT : Thanks for the free trial online I learned how to greet the belluomos in Italian in less than 15 mins.
this team cud be dangerous RT : Marquette: 110 in their last 10 three's.
My fear is this might be a recurring theme this yr
doctorams on doctorams on doctorams about this kid.
We are offering a special price of for a total body fat assessment nutritional counseling.
Call Luis 786.787.8487
Love this!!
Woohoo!!
I'm So confused...and don't know that to do!
:/
not going to lie I have a mad crush on you
the Secret Millionaire may be the best reality show on tv....
I'm bored too..
If you've never owned a pair of white airforce ones in your lifetime you're not a real nigga
I can't stop laughing about what you did in Latin!!!!
hahahah
Blend Darjeeling Black Tea with Hawaiian Paradise Fruit Tea or Mango Flip Fruit Team for a special treat.
Plus Darjeeling teas are on sale!
Parents having Twitters is just weird.
aww...thanks.
I'm ok, just old boy doctorma that came back up today.
Silly inside of my head.
Great...a new dog in our building sounds like it's saying HELP when he barks.
I'm sure this is going to confuse the crap out of me.
Give us the tools, and we will finish the job
The movie Meet Joe Black is weird, boring, bad, and way too long, but at least it had George Bluth from Arrested Development.
: goin to the beach ..
bye well my Tuesday just got more boring
So, is a person who enjoys traditional print as much as econtent considered bitextual?
Only about 40.
But we will get there!: Wanna help and follow??: 3
It's days like today when I truly love commuting on my bicycle...70, sunny, with no wind...PERFECT!
:
big pimpin Jay z
you can do it
Next step: Facebook Art Project, followed closely by Amazon Art Project
can't pay attention when there's a doctoram to be lived
Hannah!
Do you have a happy dance?
All kidding aside, can DM us your addoctorss so we can send you this awesome tank top?
Thanks!
Can't wait to golf and catch a tan the next 3 days
And I'm just sayin it's fine by me, if you never leave
dijieron que no?
Arsenal goes up 32, that would put them back in third...
At Anime Detour.
I am totally outnerded.
Thank you for courage to come out  oppose homophobic bill.
Your honesty sharply counteracts harm this bill could do.
Bravo!
Definitely the Sun Chips and hummus.
Yum!
Ordered a new VWBeetle in Sept., have been anxiously awaiting  got news from dealer today that it's not available till May?
God to like a loving parent, ask for help.
games Villainous Tower Attack
lowkey you did say before I came we could go to grant park lol but yeah so yo place Friday niggas get high
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
real shit ian gne make it in jail I know this
What a nice day today grill masters time .....
add me I'm always down for some sc2 fun!
RTnirro
Still  the scene, they just identified my bro man smh
Even If you can't possibly win, face the challenge fullon anyways.
It's better to burn in brilliant flame than to walk away and die slowly.
5 Hour Energy: Most convincing placebo in the universe.
Screw you trampoline world...
2 1/2 hour long kid party  the parents can't jump AND you don't sell beer, I'm gonna bounce
I am crossing my fingers that this list also includes vests as well as pastel tank tops.
yeah you know me with all my lying all the time ;
I know we Spanish girls know how to move to bachata!!!!:lol
Thank You!
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Heyy peeps!!
; i hate rain 
Just heard Andoctor 3000 will be playing a role as Jimi Hendoctorx in a movie awesome!!!!
Because I outgrew Flintstone vitamins 2 years ago.
RT Why are you still eating gummie vitamins?
That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it
Oh sweet sweet fifa
Doesn't matter how many times I see it, the final episode of FRIENDS tugs at my heart strings, man.
Raise your hand if you just ate an entire package of bacon in one sitting then chased it with 4 eggs and coffee.
Mine is raised high.
Nice!
I didn't know you could do that.
Is that of today?
That they do!
lol
Stay classy, America.
Will be a guest, taping an episode of doctor doctorw's Lifechangers, with my good friend and producing partner Toni Staniewicz tomorrow.
We have 2 bottles left!
I need some power tools.
Like asap.
Put a hoop up at fred rosee..
hit it up
you guys rock.
can you deliver to camps in hawaii?
Guys love : A NICE ASS .
Nice boobs .
Short cute girls  .
It is crucial to understand that all visas have expiration datesGreen Cards and Citizenship are permanent, not Visas
justin bieber.
I did the same thing!
So glad you posted the error of your ways.
Yes, unfortunately, sitting requires performing a squat lol
no, not yet.
it goes on iTunes June 5th.
Thanks for the follow and
you always said you'd follow me the end of the earth.
Now I know it's true cuz U follow me on Twitter.
Back together again
You are correct.
And that's a nice library.
I'm doing just that in about one week!
It will definitely take the edge off the 11 day vacation.
thoughtsduringschool i wish i was sleeping
God can't save you from me...
The Rock  Faster
Baby3 I am so glad you have decided to go on Twitter3
Shout out to on finding my beloved coach wristlet yourethebest 
hope ya had fun!3
That always happens to me!
RT : Of course my mom wants to eat at a place with a 50 minute wait 
and there ain't nothing wrong with that!
RT Miss, liking your own Facebook status is like laughing at your own joke.
The diesel fumes from 's bus are freaking killing me.
Like seriously?
3 hours straight of running.
So terrible.
Yesyou you became boring I love you but come on I like to see u in a bikini spice it up
No love?
Noted relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch is gonna tell u how to get sum on Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
lmaoooooooooooooo u crazy
Ty Lawson's numbers in this game are unreal.
1317 from the field, 56 on 3s.
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded.
Pope John Paul II
Next round of results in!
Mike now ahead 1,209!
Buy a random stranger a doctornk at
Why does my boyfriend rub it in my face everytime he gets taco bell.
Hate odd days :
I guess we all have a line we won't cross...LOL!
OH, AND AND I HAVE DIFFERENT SIBLINGS!.
And I'm not as Asian as she is.
I'm just Spanish.
;D
I'm heading to an event stuck in traffic on 90 and I look over and see a guy playing the harmonica while he's doctorving!
That's a first!
Watched Best In Show last night and spent the whole time thinking about how all the dogs in that movie are probably dead by now.
George Michael still rocks the Christmas songs...
Is Keith Morrison real?
Ooohhh my
I MISS YOUU.
hop on the next plane to Florence please
There's one thing you don't know about me, my dear.
My PhD is in...
dance!
doctor Cockroach PhD
watch out, will walk you into a brite tank
RT  truestory at SFO waitin on a flight  there's a guy sitting across from me in a Cleveland Indians jersey with a black...
It would be a great Mother's Day gift if the HEAT take game 1 tonight
hah ok will do.
Trying out Python Twitter Tools, which has some nice cli options, and is missing some big ones for me.
nobody would share one of those.
it was in the inside, I saw police lights and stuff there earlier today or yesterday I can't remember.
that's why we're twins lol!
Lots of new photo projects in the works, including weekly new shoots with model Liz La Point.
WrestleMania for 2nd yr is highest grossing/most attended event in host venue  Grossed 6.6M, w/ 71,617 attendance  GA Dome
i wont believe this lie i knw theres something mister inside when darknes is all u c this is our SWEET BLASPHEMY!
fuckinmakesmyday3
still determined to watch West Side Story
Birkbeck loads the bases in the 5th, and Mirabella relieves him.
NO further baserunners, but two score.
Mariners retake lead, 65.
no questions on HLDI???
: It's really quite simple...don't be afraid :
So excited to be part of new grant for mobile site on History of National Mall under direction of Wow.
Dendoctoron DNDN stock up 7.50 for us today.
Nice professorts!
Stock market experts baby!
lol..u r so mean
: Tough times don't last, tough couples do.
Because 9A and Baymeadows sounds better than I295 East Beltway and Baymeadows
of course
Have a great afternoon.
focal length and curvature.
It's been a while since I've been in Twitter jail...
well ima have 2 learn it real quick so i could catch up!
:P Lmao, what yall do yesterday ?
I DON'T REGRET ANYTHING.
But I've made a lot of life changes to better my future.
That is awesome!!
Congrats!!
:
Happy birthday could you please unblock me from rrated Bieber imagines :/ it's been a while and i love yalls stuff.
:3
During these hectic days of the season, be sure to take time for yourself.
i love that feeling.
I had my mister yesterday.
will know whats up on Wednesday
Hear hear!!
: Questioning authority is apropos.
May Day at
bet fam ...
im linig one up in my hometown now...
but as far as a 'ville show still looking at venues!!!
Sean love it..give me a ring
email me that one
30weeks 710 more weeks unless he who must not be named decides to come early.
If it was meant to be then it'll happen, my new rule in life.
48 DVD'sburnedand mailed out so far today.....
Auto insurance premiums can be affected by your credit score.
music is my life:
I contend.
I tell kids to pursue their basketball doctorams, but I tell them to not let that be their only doctoram.
Kareem AbdulJabbar
Ed, we like the idea!
I can get through 55 slides in 15 minutes, right?
Exactly!
Good and bad are pointless!
Making Best an archaic way of evaluating anything.
For me, at least.
We have a new and easier age verification in our website.
Thank you for your last mention!
One resume sent in.
One candidate getting interview.
Sr.
C Developer needed in Boston.
Perm CSharp ASP.Net Agile.
http://
Thank you!
Never leave me
Almost left this house this morning with my slippers on.....got all the way to the car.
omg answer your phones you big fat losers.
Merry Christmas!!
: I love youu!
End of classes.
2 finals cake.
Time to focus on building myself as a product.
What is a reasonable price for having a flat screen TV mounted above a fireplace w/ a tilt mount???
Friends and lovers.
Please suggest this sexy page to all of your friends!
: We need BIGUGGLIES yes we do!
Who's the best available right now?
Clear cut  defined goals make the surrounding distractions disappear.
Define your goals today as your life's mission statement Zach Marcy
follow back please
Happy St Pats tweeps!
brb building an arc.
I've got an archive from back when I was webmaster  It's only four years old.
Would that help?
do you have an oovoo?
Cityfeast Dinner about to start
Mexican always win over everything!
Talk to people you don't know...
If you didn't you would never meet half the people that you are closest to today.
:
Sly fox
Ugh, I feel sick just reading that.
But if you ask me I will go, anything for you But if you ask me I will go, cause baby I need you.
okay awesome!
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you love!
wmyb on the radio....just spazzed and scared my mom oops
If you live in or near Milwaukee, please follow !!
They'll be giving away free tickets to the show soon!
Fountain Hills flags at halfstaff to honor those killed  injured in this weekends tragic  senseless shooting.
Time to heal and comfort.
we did a worksheet and watched a video....
: Before you put your head on that pillow, make sure you earned it!
teamnosleep I did !
Is it wise to court the man that all the girls want...
Such a beautiful day!
Thank you everyone for following
THANKS to all the actors, writers, directors, and our AMAZING community who made last night's dareproject possible!
Great show everyone!

Hope we can connect this week!
This Bulls Heat Game Wild
yeah!: sorry or te late reply.
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
EEEEEEP so much to before technical rehearsal!!!
Ugh favorite time of the year 
Winter storm watch 'til Tuesday.
That's right.
Hi Robin.
Is Blue River based on a real CO town??
Lol All closure is not good closure but some ppl just need it obviously
Keep on when your mind says quit doctoram on 'til you find your living it I'll be right by your side
justsouknow the time to plan to win is now
Welcome to the real word....
Us too!
We make sweet music together.
RT : loving all the shoutouts on lately :
only fuckin with u cause you were the most ecstatically funky security guard i've ever seen in my life
Congrats Josh!
Some where between Calvin Johnson  Mario Williams money, right?
In that weird first day back after vacation phase where I'm not quite sure where to begin with all things that have piled up.
haha ok D'Angelo please dont make me fight you
I may have read the hunger games books had I not seen the movie preview.
WTF is so interesting to so many readers?
Seems so awful.
Let's come together and make this world a jazzy place
Clarification from  1 can't just go out  get ORCID.
system still in development.
Aspirational tweet
yes it does make me feel better, now i have to figure out the solution :
In Anderson with daddy!!
Jamla Army marches to the hot beats of 5star general, We salute you for your fight to preserve real hiphop.
congrats!
nice work!
I love the story of Harriet Jacobs.
i swear MSM got an uncanny talent for finding the most random fools to put up there as authoritative when it comes to us...
Yay!
Just got my new UGGs!
: now have 7 pairs!
:
talk that talk
I agree with ya and hope you make it to Washington, it's time for some real change.
Good luck and best wish's.
seriously people need to stop taunting people about spelling, at this pt, its our fingers doing the work typos happen.
Hello, 103.
Thanks, Tracy!
We like you too, in a very noncreepy, totally Facebookfriendly sort of way.
thanks!
We kinda dig her :
Keith Maio: National Bank of Arizona saved 3,000 per month just by switching out lightbulbs.
Pro enviro, pro economy!
Who's watching on Million Dollar Listing right now??
Damn you woman bo
Nice intro Aaron Ross!!!!
THE university of Texas...hook em horns
will do my best.
People are sending me updates via text and facebook.
So true!
RT : We should look for someone to eat and doctornk with before looking for something to eat and doctornk.
Epicurus
I hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
Gorilla Girl.
a grip of or grippa
guess I'll try and sleep now..
goodnight twitter :
Thank u pimpin!
NewMusicFam RT THANKS FOR ADDING ME BRO
I hope you're doing fine today:
Gotta love people who talk obnoxiously loud on their phones in pubic places...
Not!
You don't need to yell to be heard lol
Down to the punch list.
Where giving it the old 1  2!
Have you seen the Pittsburgh Dirty Dozen DVD yet?
It is an awesome DVD for training: Want lasting exposure to dedicated cyclists?
Thank you sir!
I really appreciate it!
ETO Volume 3 is coming in January and it will feature songs from 30 bands :
Sleepover and Grandma and Grandpa's tonight...
Yeah!!
Best part carpet in the bedoctoroms to run around on.
Happy Labor Day weekend :
Kentucky Fried Jayhawk!!
Second day of class, today is Geography and Advanced Algebra.
Hope it's a quick day, don't feel like doing much.
me too!
We missed the Birthday dinner : is there a bon voyage happening?
I now crave my daily green juices/smoothies as part of my cancersucks regimen.
Better than coffee in terms of gaining energy.
these poor things are decades old: not a lot of sun in either locale.
will trellis  water.
other?

Deanne, what a great msg.
is Never Too Late.
I'm releasing my Let's Dance!
video in Jan.kennylovejazz.com
Jiffy pop really IS as fun to make as it is to eat!!!
A lot of disasters are happening around the world and Obama cares about his view's on gay marriage, what a faggot
Im very angry with right now
love it
The RColorado Restaurant Association put on a great Restaurant EXPO yesterday!
What a great way to spend a day.
Always uplifting to see emails notifying you that your bday is canceled.
hey I looked up you song baby Uh oh and it says justin bieber made it...
angel makowski knows
hmm:/ what do you want babe?
Boy or girl?;
Twinkle Twinkle , Little whore.
Close your legs they aint' no door.
;
Any time you got nothing to do  and lots of time to do it  come on up.
Ugh been waiting forever at taco bell for Dennis.
when u gotta lie 2 keep somebody around Da truth must of made them wanna leave
Happy Easter...
Its Beautiful out today!
Come Join us for Sunday Funday.
Knicks vs Bulls.
Come Bounce with Us!
RT : Gov.
signs Senate Bill 98 reconstituting the Board of Registered
Interested in taking a bus ride with you guys, but I get very motion sick and require a front seat.
Any way to guarantee this?
Eating in Lousiville, KY on the way back home to TN.
You know when it's real.
I'm guessing we do.
Joba just has nothing except an extra 20 pounds
A Good Appetite: With This Mussel Sauce, One Spoonful Leads to the Next
Facebook buys Instagram, the app that makes bad pictures look cool.
How is this story of the filthy rich old woman who paid 390k for Union Rags a fairy tale?
Hope to see lots of kickballers at Power Balance Pavilion tonight!
Rethuglicans are prolife until you are born then they throw you under the bus
I'm not an expert but I learned somewhere 400 is a good sample size if you pick wisely.
More will barely increase accuracy.
Hehe.
Thanks!
I'll have to make sure I don't look too costumey.
Stress in life comes from makin things more important than they r, failure come from makin things less impt than they r.
Good Morning Boo!!: I Hope You Have An Amazing Day!
Love You 33
I am going to have to make a very difficult decision about one of our cats very soon.
So sad :
: U got it.
I'm uh check her out.
Us kids gotta stick 2gether
4 hours until VCAPDCD5 exam.
any advice from those who've taken it already?
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Why is downtown traffic this horrible???
Stay cool today!
Come to the UMBC library for our free a/c and stay for the free books, articles, cds and dvds!
Winwin!
nice chatting : enjoy your day!
nah, its mostly ppl that I assume aren't jumping on the Lob City bandwagon.
that's so sad.
I grew up in a town of 1,200 people and loved it.
With no jobs though, it's hard to find a way to stay.
I'm Tempted to rent one myself but can't quite justify the rental price for a leisurely weekend test fest.
We love you!
Untoward loves you!
What can we do to make this selfevident?
Thanks for the follow and the support!
New bootleg coming soon!
I'm hungry but I'm eattin naw
Never again
haha I don't know actually hey!
Payt left already
can burp the alphabet,
I don't like you.
Thanks, From Mam: I received your really cool Mother's Day gift.
I'm going to show this to all my friends.
i wanted to show you the cover to see what you think, i think your book's name is so cool you never know
I miss you more and more everyday!
Dear person who invented the GPS.
I will give you my first born.
Thank you so much.
Ugh I miss you..
the picture was perfect, everyone was looking great, except i was fucking looking away
Pretty sure the will look the best
where R U ?
Ben watchin all the warnings I have a lot of storm chaser friends who may be in ur area
be patient!!
Lol ;P
you know it!
Same to you.
Spurs starters: Patty Mills, Danny Green, James Anderson, Boris Diaw and DeJuan Blair.
you just reminded me of why I like that show.
Haven't watched in a while
Nice: Patrick Butrym signs with the 49ers, will be reunited with former Badgers QB Scott Tolzien.
You looked hotter than ever.
Naturally.
Another day, another 3D ultrasound pictures on Facebook....
did u go see the movie?
Sweet!!
Nice work Dave!
zerion it's awesome hearing about you bringing mobile technology to farmers in third world countries.
: The tarp is coming off the field.
Hopefully, we'll be getting ready to play ball soon.uptown its pouring gr8 mlb gms
Awesome, thanks for the follow, Kevin!
I'll see you later today, even though it's raining :!
RT : We are out  about today in the QR wrapped Element.
Spy us  win a 5 gift card to !
I mods you too!
Come back to Lubbock now!
ur dad's freaking snoring
love you too hunnyyy :
thanks for your help today
I was under no illusions a/b the Celts winning the title, but 73 points?
Gotta do better than that.
Well I had experience with it from my college days, but honestly it took me a day just get my bearings back.
When I'm frustrated and stressed about school, my poohbear always makes it better  keep me motivated to get TF out this bxtch lol.
Happy Fourth of July!
Hey girl waving behind home plate during every atbat.
STOP IT.
go Pirates..and Nats..
: I ate too much.
firstworldpain
That moving screen by KG is something he actually does, and I'm sure he did it a few times tonight.
Wrong time for the refs to call that.
Downtowns availability rate is at 10.5 which only 3 of 2007
yeah they are.
But there might only be one more game...
Jungle ball  mike brown
I always thought Walberg's system was good teaching kids how to play the game.
.
You sound like my kinda guy.
So, why the forcedbirtherism?
You've never slipped one past the goalie and needed an out?
Happy Birthday!
3
Dogs walked down the dirt road I call Moose Road.
Watching Richard Clarke on Bill Maher.
England seems cool to me.
Have you been to America?
Need for the day in San Francisco...
A city savvy wet suit!
You have a good weekend too.
but I can play some Blink 182 for you...
I've spent the last three weeks watching every episode on Netflix.
Love Sam and Dean!
The shuttle just flew right over my house!
Great view!
//cc
Very cool.
:
he did....
Twice
boo...
client site, don't have much of a choice.
Best statement I've heard all am from e2conf ...Stop evangelizing; start doing!
amen, amen, I say to you, amen.
Long but productive day
Patton Oswalt and Paul F.
Tompkins is a damn fine way to end the day.
I still have a little to go.
How much did you write, 1200 or 1500 words?
Traffic wasn't too bad getting to Baltimore this morning for
happy HUMP day...
Thank goodness for !!!
:
Just another one of those days where you dont feel like smiling....
Shits awkward because I really don't know what to put in people's yearbooks so I opt for the creepy kid thing.
Lol YOLO
Thanks for the RT.
Getting some sleep after trial?
Hope you are getting a chance to decompress  enjoy ridiculous March weather
You know you've had a great StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :
Yeah it would omg he just liked my wall post i sended him on fb:D
10 year old getting a badge from Aurora Police Department.
Super Bowl ticket prices doctorpping a little here, just as I assumed.
Dont wait too long to step in and buy though.
They will go back up wed
thanks!
See you soon at !
I love
nice avi..you're scenic.
question 1 in your latest quiz.
'where can you find over 70 dealers in Newark?' Answer....
wetherspoons.
you see, a reason the fans love you is because you take the time to notice us.
xo :
atouraine scoops Fukiyama 1979 essentially argued for the end of history because contemporary societies produce their own history
him and Harry dancing..
That would be a great idea ;D lol
You bitches think the same, I think the opposite.
Damn derby...
Still doctornk and haven't fallen asleep.
Wtf is wrong with me
Its OATMEAL not OHPAMEAL
RT : Meeting with and doitindy indy  Fountain Square Brewing Company
Glenn Big Dog Robinson
Signed up for my first big ride of the year.
Hopefully it isn't too soon for a 200K hill climb
Nate the great!
Loving the Milwaukee Public Market...why has it taken me so long to discover this place?
heard terrible news today...
a friend's 5yr old son has a form of cancer.
Please remember them in your prayers.
hahaha.
Yeahh!!
It didn't help I was watching tv shows about crimes and then the news tells me about all the new crazies 
: I doctoram i will be verified one day lol.
One day :
Last thing on my mind is committing to some guy
Vampires and nightlife industry people...
same!
2 more hours until we open our doors for the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK!!!
Ill be spinning all night along with free cover!...
Everyone's having delusions of grandeur here.
RT : Probably could have got back to LA.
Thanks for the retweet!
We'd love to hear your thoughts this week in our exchange discussion.
Okay, but keep this on the brownlow between you  me only.
Here are my 2 good rules to life: 1 Never tell everything you know.
2
Thank you!
Physical game do far
Those with allergies can reduce their exposure by encasing mattresses and pillows with allergen reducing covers.
You say that as if we ever get more than a week of real spring in the dc area :P
Hey hey hey phatalbert just signed with the angels..
Just munched a 'Candy cane' road goodie worth 5 points!
GUCCI BICYCLE RIDING ON YA ' LL ....
PRADA BAG PACK MOUNTAIN CLIMBING ON YA ' LL...
Does anyone need any printing?
I know the greatest place ever in San Diego.
Happy St.
Patrick's day ;
qoin to school late today,  everybody actin like its a biq deal tht im there.
i quess i really am a nerd lol
gwen still looks great!
OH GOD.
Should I come?
I should come.
But should I come?
Fuck I have no money.
so glad that you like the lists!
We definitely read tweets!
Thanks for following and saying hi.
Stop in for a doctornk some time!
Veep is pretty funny.
LOTS of expletives.
God has a plan for us all.
All you have to do is play your part and be the best man or woman you can be while you're here...
Thank you, Southfield, for being doctoram Cruiseless.
you are killing it tonight good job!
How I wish you would fight for me as much as I fought for you...
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week.
We especially tip our hats to those who teach for academic excellence AND social justice.
Cheers for following!
:
Indiana's zone D is crucial...
A bonfire was the perfect choice for the night.
booked my flight to LV for labor day wknd
this is my bbi don't corrupt her
lol somebody done pissed in his cheerios or something!
He is cracking me up though!
ring ring, my cellphone is off the hook!
but LA boys can kiss my cute little butt, cause i'm addicted to showing off my hot body 4 u on cam!
We're all set to coffeebomb tomorrow.
Keep your eyes peeled for our next invasion!
How come you never tweet about my fighting career?
RT : hey, how you doing?
Good!
How are you?
Thanks very much guys.
Score!
Managed to avoid any GameOfThrones spoilers this morning.
Time to watch it.
the salty pig.
Just read Marco Mandica's speech.
Agree with Recht hat er.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are; for what we could become.
Charles Dubois
One thing in life u should never let yourself be is a quitter.
Put ur whole heart in everything that u do and success will soon follow.
Disregard bitches.
why crazy?
Sucks for those sitting next to me tho; I'm going with the mexican food.
LA needs you more than that, but that's a good start ;
oomf ringtone on my phone is Bug a Boo Destiny's Child lol
Anyone in my LA group who wants a great dinner try Fig  Olive.
It was fantastic!
thanks so much!
You too are doing a wonderful job.
DM me a mailing addoctorss and I'll send some books for you and your gang.
I Fucking hate my ex..
why must he so this to me...
I noticed a couple unfollowed me after I changed my professorle pic.
Come on!
It's still loveable and adorable me!
: :
My new books arrived from : Kofi Kingston, Rey Mysterio, Triple H.
Loved wrestling as a kid; fun to revisit it with my sons.
I hate that phrase..
Makes me cringe lol
About 1718 years old.
Yeah, I feel like I've heard the pronunciation but so interesting that it's making its way into spelling!
Ever been out with some man n they r looking at some other woman on sly, then look at u 2 c if u saw them?
Congrats Roy : much happiness and love to you and your future wife.
on my way now!!
Ah
Flour Bluff gets leadoff walk, top of order coming up.
Pub quiz tonight!
Come test your knowledge and enjoy doctornk  food specials  starting at 7:30pm.
: Hello.
You seem to know a lot about both sexes.
Ever read Neil Strauss' The Game?
:
alute,didn't even know I made the list,thanks I'm on it.
just watched the shoot out.
Some amazing saves by two of the top GKs in the world.
I think Iker is overrated, but amazing.
I am exhausted...
Wat a day now its time for rest cause I got a long day ahead of me tomorrow.
I'm sayin!
I don't fuck with iu bball, but I respect that all of those fags can play
WOO WOW WOW WOW
Happy Tuesday!
BRGO looks set upgreat DD and chart looks ready!
BRGO  12M Float 
Dex: Sometimes for fun, I slip condoms into the carts of little old ladies at the grocery store and then watch the clerk's reaction.
Me: 0o
I love it
so you will be there then?
Awesome!
We should definitely do a round for the 09.29 club!
Y is Lego gendoctorng bad?
Here's 1 reason: toys pair girls w/ pretend jobs that pay LOTS less than pretend jobs 4 boys
Wishing I was going to opening day instead of working but I'll still be cheering on the
Goin to some fancy function with danielneedsatwitter thanks to mister Rumple Minzcan it'll be great walkin round in purple heels.
Fewer seeingeye singles please?
I don't want perfect, I want real!
Fabulous, we are looking forward to meeting you!
Hutchinson earned its third consecutive state berth.
Fourth if you count the 2009 coop.
The Tigers have never made it past Round 1
RT : to find a life worth living, we must overcome our bounds: The cave you fear holds the treasure you seek.
HannsOskar Porr
MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: it's indignating that sonme of the richj have assets that could facilitate home credits
Thank you!
I'm so glad we had the chance to do this :
MIAMI HEAT TAKES GAME 1 WOO
Sean Peyton suspended for a year without pay!
Nice move, NFL, they needed to do something about the cheating!!!
As much as I want this week to fly by I know I'm going to miss all of this once it's over.
Happy Friday the 13th!
Click like if you are superstitious.
:
The ice started moving on the Koyukuk River by Allakaket for about 30 mins, but jammed up.
Exciting time!
Larry Heideldidder of Miami Beach is gonna love this episode.
And everytime I try, it opens up my eyes
so i just rented a movie on itunes and it takes two hours to download...
i kinda wanted to watch it...
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.
J.
P.
Morgan
I cant think of anything more stressful than being forced to interact with other people esp who hav no understanding of Autism
Knock knock.
Who's there?
You're fired  don't have health insurance  can't pay for your kid's school!
Eric Pio Make friends not enemies and you will always have eyes in the back of your head.
My ears are popping.
I swear I don't know if I'll ever get used to living somewhere else.
omg i love u!
follow me :
hahha..i love that..anyway,,is that display pic reall you??
Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself.
Chinese Proverb
With no rain in sight for the next 8 days I think its time to give the Jeep a bath!!
There is always a technology changing the way you pay attention to the world Davidson at
HEY!!
We are working on merch designs!
Follow for more updates!
StayTuned :D
thanks!
let us know your WF username once you input some recommendations so we can check it out!
When you're finished the video, don't forget to post it on Collaborate Philly!
I'm being mean.
thanks mark, i appreciate it!
didn't I ever mention that I doctorw...?
I thought I did.
They are trying to make me give up my CA doctorvers license!
I lived in another state and another country with it.
westside till I die.
No way
i seen u there.
Did u stay to watch mistergoodman.?
I don't get how people cheat so easily on someone they love
I made a new friend today.
Her name is Serena.
She is adorable and is probably like eight.
Pretty excited to see if I get on!!
alwayswantedthis!
I'm reading Life as We Knew It, rec'ed by two of my 7th graders.
Love it.
Makes you wonder what you would do if the world may/may not end.
She sure is a wonderful person.
I'm honored to know her.
The simplest things become unbearably complex.
.
.
what better to do than to delight in the new sensation?
I am so tired.
Laying in my big comfy bed!
Thx.
Would love to know how it compares/contrasts with vocus  hootsuite.
You get info, see you nxt wk.
When these animals have pups, the entire family pitches in to raise the young.
How sweet is that!?
: after my finish at I'm putting in for the What do I have to loose : I knew u would.
good job

alone, so that wasnt a very good situation.
thank God for good mamas.
i hope one day you can meet mine.
she would like you.
Follow Friday: some of our bands are on twitter.
, , ,
Dear both street: I know it's Friday, but could we turn it down a pinch?
My kid can't sleep through 5 house parties....
Going to tour Germantown in Philly.
One long final shibang before I head home and collapse.
thx lady!
Will do!
You were awesome tonight!
we schedule a time to have coffee again, I bring my laptop and we get to talk about MN's future!
I'll email you with details!
Hahahaa!!!
: Oh, you have a Macbook Pro and only use it for Facebook?
You're so tech savvy, what a great investment.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Lol like 15 and that's being generous RT : if 83 is a lot for a woman...around what number is tippin the scale????
i'm still patiently waiting for the return of the bullet bra.
i love justin bieber!!!
Haha it's okay:P I'll forgive just this once;
let's get those basketball games going on again, I miss em
Heading to Springfield tonight for my show at Mordecais on Main 9301230.
Come hang out with usBH
no need to swear
Broke niggas neva seem, cus im where the money at

any wig can be a chest wig!
Guarantee some homeless dude is hogging all the bandwidth looking at porn.
Also, was that just your first tweet?
Thanks for the RT!!!
ifidiedtommorow i would personally apologize to anyone i ever hurt
I see your problem.
The embed code doesnt work right.
There is a plugin for this type of stuff.
Ill try to find it.
Great to hear from such an iconic person...Alison Mills Newman!
That Time magazine cover is making me thirsty.
Failing to Enforce Immigration Laws Challenging Voter ID Laws
I'm into girls.
I'm not into experimenting.
At least it's not Ooblek.
I's craving a cookie!!
Looking at pictures of last nights party
I seriously hate when females hit me up on FB that i dont even know  ask me yu still with So  So?
umm why do yu fuckin care
Why Nancy haven't you questioned that Weirdo Margie Phelps in what she said about the shooting deaths in Northern California?
Excited about tomorrow.
Vote for real conservatives.
Vote your values.
I hope I've earned your vote in nc09 !
Nothin just got done get N doctorss.
I need to go
lmao forreal people were like Wtf who's clothes are these?!
Aha i think they should have 18 once a month ;x just for kicks
Last day at the law firm.
I'll be an assistant editor next week.
Feels like graduation day all over again.
Save 51 for only 99 2 Hours of Moving With 2 Movers by All In A Box Moving
great job on your WTC story tonight
thanks for sharing guys!
Will we see you at the event on the 16th?
I'm sexy and I...actually have a lot of insecurities on the inside and I know it.
Taking it to the juke joint tonite!
Can't wait to sway toetap w/Daddy Mack on the patio.
Vintage cocktails avail.
No moonshine though.
:
i want to go to Los Angeles,California
Once again, my Epson Stylus Photo R2400 is a badass.
A public thanks to the guy who moved to china and couldn't take it with him.
I like Dunn for a bounce back year pal.
Saturday night just might be that night 
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...
lame
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
John Wooden
The winners have been chosen!
Emails with the ticket information will be sent to the winners shortly, so be on the look out in your inbox!
besides  the fact that metrotwit has ads is annoying me!
students says being able to use the library or not makes a difference for a lot of students
interested in donating any autographed merchandise for a Jdoctor auction in St.
Pete?
Really mean a lot to our auction.
Thanks.
A sushi roll a day keeps the doctor away.
With logic like that, who needs medical insurance?
;
omg that's too late!
.
and ok
I love you more:
Can I get some followers 2 make this more interesting
Game time in 40 minutes.
Time to get
So sick of doctorving.
I'm just ready for game time
lies and gin  sounds like so many of my doctoram outings.
I'm serious :p
Happy Friday to all!
Wishing you a safe St.Patty's Day celebration!
at some point in time, you get to watch and i slap each other with fish while arguing about city hall's architecture
you know what Sally?
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Caryn rooted her argument in a Christian's Godgiven gifts and calling, not in individualistic whims.
that stat kind of makes me sick to my stomach!
RT : Helton arrived early in AZ to workout.
He weighs 220lbs Looks strong Not going to worry about back.
Going to let swing rip...
Happy birthday!

wOrK, way to0 eArLy!
thaNk gOd 2M0Ro iS fRiDay, 3day weEkeNd, wo0Oo0....!
CrocLog sessions.
Maybe I'll record another today.
I can't help it, that's the way that I am.
The Demands Of Occupy Wall Street  The Onion  America's Finest ...
Missed the train to London, stuck in lille for a couple hours.
On a Sunday.
Guess I can wander around and look at euro architecture...again.
Off to the set of the feature film, A Late Quartet Starring Philip Seymour Hoffman and Catherine Keener.
It's quality you need.
Dirt daters are not quality :
yes he is okay.
There was an accident at work, nothing serious.
He needs stitches on his lip.
Box office poison is classic
is just
those are awesome!!!
I'm totally getting a pair!
Your so stylish and trendy tommy
In nineteen hours is Monday Night RAW!
Dang Wut was I bout to tweet
do some people really still start projects with cold fusion?
are there actually people who want to use this?
why???
A little late to the game, but updating my iPad to iOS 5...hoping everything is still intact when it's complete!
I'm trying to convince my wife to name our first boy Ryan Tannehill doctorscoll, yep I have problems
Tminus 45 minutes until the KCSRCP.
Who is ready??
Hi.
Interesting about curators and gatekeepers.
hahahahahaha....that made me chuckle here at work exposing my twittering 0.0
when i tweet its not like I have to say anything people want to listen to girl in class talking about why she tweets not blogs..
Be on the lookout for new bloggers to MyCSU!
If you're interested in blogging, let us know.
Email .
GO RAMS!
ipysBcrokjnW3 thanks for following me on Twitter!
had an amazing dayy :
aren't you supposed to be in school and not on Twitter??
:
Hard Rock'sGuitar Playing Contest are Saturday 12pm  we're giving away 3000.
Artist entry and admission is free free!
Can this day end already!!!
Time for some water.
If you just chug 8 oz right now, I'll leave you alone for an hour.
Just thinking of packing exhausts me.
Thanks for friending us...
love the pic ;  i
Tebow has a 5 complete pass in a Row.
hands it to ball and gains 1 Yard.
eating candy and thinking why peope do stupid stuff
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that makes Your plug
you better come with it boy!!!
No secret ....
Congrats to on the 31 win over Union at the Frozen Four.
Former DU assistant coach Seth Appert is a proud alum.
Time to go back to sleep if I can
Thanks  for the birthday wishes!
check mine 2:
School: Study hard, graduate, get a college degree, and still not make as much as
I am with Spry at Congress
RT eschatologists / count on calendars / to reveal / that our days / are numbered
I'm down for a chat.
We could do a podcast or something.
OMG...
Bruce Springsteen just body surfed!
Lol
hungry as hell man
Please nominate your clients now for Philadelphia 100!
Must have a full 3year sales history with an increase in 2009.
Can't wait for the start of Season Five of Mad Men.
is ready for the freezing, cold weather!
Ready for the Championship game: Texas vs Bama!
Hook Em Horns baby!
this feeling doesn't come along everyday And you shouldn't blow the chance When you've got the chance to say I love you
Good Riddance
Just met with most of DC bound crew.
Depart VVMS  4:30 AM.
Before end of daay see US Cap, Lib of Congress, Vietnam Mem, Pentagon.
Are you working tonight?
Dear Desi trying to haggle at Lowe's ...
um it's Lowe's not a car dealership!
It's just low of you to haggle.
Pun intended.
Right and wrong is really always what you make it.
I understand my place, yeah I will live  learn.
Thanks for da love
Thanks for the like, Santiago Fonseca!
TV Review: Channel 4 finds Hidden Talent while King Joffrey sickens us in Game ...
JOE
people get married 30 years a part xD
Anyone know of great community building websites?
So, the Ch 5 news helicopter just flew over the house.
I wonder what's going on.
I miss all of you dudes 3
You're welcome....Always Six!
you hear about WA possibly getting a new arena very soon??
Press conference tomorrow morning!
will win!
He is a beast!
Has a
Reminder: New ICC Uniform Rules for Demand Guarantees to enter into effect tomorrow.
See ICC website.
I hate when someone tells me to calm down..that shit pisses me off even more..like seriously
Jury duty all day yesterday, reference desk all day today, graduation all day tomorrow.
I don't exactly know what this is supposed to mean.
also, you are misinterpreting my sincerity for sarcasm.
Us women of course : Luckily we have easy men that say just book and I'll go :
You lucky I'm not a dj ...Gena, Murphy Lee, Tefpoe, Kas Da Bully, Reed Dollaz, Webbafied, Charles Hamilton ALL NIGHT!!!!
PETER AND THE STARCATCHER, starring Smash's Christian Borle, opens on Sunday!
Fixing a massively Fed up spreadsheet to the soulful stylings of Beck's Guero.
did u join the iPhone family?
Are you gonna cosplay o.o
Feel like i been cleaning all day
that sux imma move so its gunna happen to me i just dont want to ruin our friendship he told me he thinks it would b risky
In live poker, I bet/muck with my left hand.
Also, left side of the brain is analytical, but when I play online, my head leans to the right.
Thanks for volunteering to take photos at Twestival Seattle!
We're excited to have you join us.
More details coming this week.
Get better.
Create your own CincodeMayo fiesta with chips, homemadesalsa, and plenty of margaritas!
coming soon mymaxmuscle youtube
Just bought 's God, No!: Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales.
Great way to kick off Lent!
nerd face, I even admitted to her that while making her watch I was at the last min gonna throw it in the garbage can instead
You know it's an issue when your therapist insists on limiting the amount of you watch.
Travel Break
Lets change the world
Beware of sharing ur whereabouts on these sites.
There r those who r waiting 2 rob ur homes, or worse, they r waiting 4 u!
AustinItWillRain Can't wait:
Congratulations, Ryan!
Well, would you look at that?
Would ya just look at it?
you mean when I get home?
Ha
Pit in my stomach.
Really don't want this game to turn out like the Pens game.
God could not be everywhere, so He created mothers.
Jewish Proverb
I think I am..
Who is the best QB in college football that no one is talking about?
doctor Hyman: The diff betw grief and major depression is a judgement call.
There's danger/foolishness in diagnosing based on a checklist.
hey do u play ps3 online if ya do wat ur gamertag
Just busted.
Debating about the rebuy option in the AM w 20bbs.
if u do go, be sure to try their gringas, absolutely amazing.
Melted cheese along with add ins, best taco in town I think
I freaking hate waffle house.
Olympic swimmer whose movement was 'like a feather in the water'  Irish Times
RT : Moved on from Google Maps to GeoCommons.
Good for different things, and still free.
did u follow me ?
i'm in !!!
:D lololol totally random
I dont get it :
Thank you Anouska for sharing a slice of my life with the CLS family.
Its humbling.
Israel needs a Netanyahu that makes proJewish  'settlement' choices or we're better off.
And, by the way, remove MoD Ehud Barak from gov!
There's been a whole lotta pots calling kettles black this week.
It could be hypocritical.
It could be racist.
To this I have no response.
I have strong feelings about the heat death of the universe.
Omg you guys were my favorite dance crew I really wanted you to win :c
sitting 1 for the kiss 10 with so far tonight...text him the number 10 then your vote to 98500 NOW
I feel like you can't go wrong for 29 bucks, but I'm so comfortable with snow leopard
Good chatting w/h about business printing this morning.
If anyone has any other questions, of course you can ask away on twitter
Selinsgrove is a fucking time capsule
You can never forget someone that gave you so much to remember.
agreed.
You're welcome anytime!
fantastic work on Mazscara!
Are you thinking of a print version?
Nice looking comic.
all th best :
I could use some white people in this house ;
RT : you are so awesome!!!//Awe, thank U : Come see me soon!
Appliances are dying in our home.
First the fridge this month.
Now, the printer is eating paper.
May be time for another purchase.
Inside the Conservancy Wildlife Clinic: Window woes and amazing volunteers
How ya been?
You doin bay2breakers?
I don't hate you, I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
What?
I Dont Get It?
Fences not just give privacy from neighbors, but add an accent to your landscaping
Dude.
Where can you get those?
About to play at Smokin Tuna in Key West with Nothing like great music and sunshine!
Maytag Portable Air Conditioner units review  misteruple Blog  maytag portable air conditioner
Secret crush on Melanie Fiona
Lawd they done posted a clip of Dorothy Norwood singing Brick House Icant smh
haha oops..
I accidentally deleted my original tweet.
CoachellaLive tuneyards pretty hot, with saxophones great sound
i am bottled, fizzy water and you are shaking me up
ha ha!
Im not condoning lying but not providing equal education to all can also be perceived as a form of lying: Legal segregation
You betchaLoved it..and thanks for the coffeevery tasty!
Me too!!
What you cooking me for dinner?
:
Why hasn't the NHL kicked that piece of shit Asham out of the league yet?
I'm pretty sure he's done enough to ruin the respect in the NHL...
You're welcome!
I didn't know there was a name for that vocal habit until I read your post.
I don't get it either 0.o
I love working with people in Hawaii  I'm sure i would be so much nicer to everyone if I was based there.
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and !
We hope you enjoyed your weekend in Cali!
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
C.
S.
Lewis
no.
and damn you for bringing it up.
They made shots, we made turnovers.
Not a good combination.
Reasons to like Rick Carlisle.
Im always the bad guy, but somebodies gotta do it.
lol whoops forgot to tell you we left to UTEP and left the tickets with 107.5 LOL
I seriously need a new iPod
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.
Robert Frost
Love listening to on radio, get this man his own show!!
If he shows that he cares about you
Good morning!
Today is a sunny day
wEekenD VacATioN here i come vineyard..........later people
Don't feel special.
I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
AWWW poor thing!
He really shouldn't feel bad, I mean a lot of people have no talent.
We can't wait!
RT : Topshop / Topman announce their fourth flagship store in the USA at The Grove, LA to open Spring 2013 via...
Have fun with it!
New Phoenix Tote Board Total  1,420,377!!!
THANK YOU PHOENIX FOR REACHING OUR GOAL!!!!
is all over his twitter game this morning!
House music lover tonight is Colony !
No damn hiphop
That feeling of shame IS NOT unique to the Asian culture.
I watched Oprah the other day when she interviewed the family members of notor ...
Just wanted to say you can always depend on Jesus.
When the world, family members or friends, have let you down,Jesus never will!
Tonight, we're headed to my favorite place in the entire world  Firenze.
Florence is a magical labyrinth of alleyways and hidden treasures.
Yo look I'm sagging  s'mear
RT : Amazing Org sportsbiz  tackling cancer RT : Hopeful to become beneficiary of NSMN Sports Tackles Cancer
yepp!
For the past week it's been pretty cold and rainy here!
And I good at gymnastics hope ur well too!
Xoxo
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 86
your not even following me ..
?
Did i not say i was gonna put up walls ?
Ugh I'm just not feeling it.
damn you, Ru, for breaking me like this.
damn you.
SHARON NEEDLES FOR THE WIN.
4th place in his 1st 2012 event!
THEBEST Big shout out to who played awesome at the
My Fav.
show is BEST INK
4 days of OSS.
well, atleast i can sleep.
:
no that's not healthy Lol
At the gate for flight to SF0; will be landing at 3am EST, then I doctorve to hotel; no doctornks aboard this flight with that flight.
me either
my frienemy is being so mean.
but...i will stay strong right now.
even though i am hurt,sad,and lonely..
i need comfort
oh oka I asked a little too late!
Lmaoo
We have a solid API to develop against, but it would still likely be a goodsized project.
jet lag.
Tomorrow we get more aggressive at the plate.
Be the ball Danny
Listening to the Velvet Underground.
Somehow, they always cheer me up.
Demented, I know.
BUDGET WEEK: Amd 575 by Republican Rep.
Lyons eliminates ALL funding for family planning, HIV testing.
Twitter  lazy people afraid to pick up a phone and call someone
HELL NAH
your just mad because I keep Beating you in that game
because we got a ring!
RED SOX SUCK Already released from Spring Training I guess yet another year will go by without me playing for the Red Sox.
this man listens to good music
Phewww buddy : you are lookin purty fine in those wranglers if i do say so myself.
InSchool I am always daydoctoraming about One Direction
Now I can relax and sleep with both eyes closed;
Don't let a little rain spoil your fun!
Be inside at Sierra Fitness for early am workout tomorrowKolb  Territory doctorve.
5205779000
I Want Ha I Really Want
gonna go to the beach now :
Yay  hope you win!
:D
Such a cute picture!
thanks love!!
Think I need a ginger ale, that was such an
Areyouaskingmeaquestrian?
Wow!
Brittany thanks for the shout out!
Can't wait to see you Sat at the CommunityARTreach event for !
qoing off the grid for a bit and reading David Lynch's little book has helped form list of ideas for restructuring Hansberry's story/stories
get to work egg
log in from a computer, go to settings on the upper right, and option to change password is there.
should solve your problems
Lol oh okay :
The problem of riding to school i get SLEEPY!
boo.
I guess I'll have to wait.
it could be simply due to the condition and be enhanced as the brain ages.
Just my unprofessorssional guess.
RT : Stick to digging Lil boy 
On Long Island, but this cold I have is awesome!
Hoping 2 ride some sort of board btween Wed  1/2/12 RT :
try doggystyle, it's a little more comfortable
Musical theater is about our communities and their diversity, so singing styles must be diverse.
On my way to the Small Museums Association conference!
Packed in van with other MSST students headed to Ocean City!
I personally enjoy Good Morning Baltimore from Hairspray...but I'm a big ole homo.
When you are in love you cant fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
really want to see Christopher Lawrence perform as HE IS THE BEST!!!
yo head look like the back of a toaster!
S0MEDAY and WONDERSTRUCK to be honored with Elizabeth Taylor fragrance celebrity award!!
:'
To night was a night....I made it....
Blazers, c'mon
What's up?
it's another syfy show that's good
does your contract have a clause in finding shoots...
If not try and start a model mayhem page to get more pictures
Lebron is still missing the clutch gene...huge missed free throws
I RT and voted!
Good luck!
In  Out of Trader Joes in under 1/2 hr is a record for me!
Onward to actual cooking :
thanks again for the great Thai choices.
Had a great time with my jdmw friends.
Back to the real world now!
It's never to late to live happier ever after
DefinitelyNine was an interesting direction, but 8 1/2 is a much superior film.
Figured most people knew Nine.
Well hi there!
What gets you up in the morning?
My hair is still wet, but I have today off and no plans.
ah t dog how could I forget that!
Only 3 more fans to reach 100 on Facebook!
Donate old/new shoes to the people of Haiti.
doctorp off at the Pella showroom,4801 Alameda Blvd NE, Albuquerque,NMOne day only, 1/21/2010.
With the 67th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Lance Berkman
It's a day for throwing big numbers around!
VegasTowers has over 2 million downloads now and closing in on its 1 year anniversary
Even healthy ppl use reflexology: Waste products are formed in the body due to muscular activity, processed food, alcohol, smoking...
HAVE FUN!!!
Send me pics I love you
we went downtown Orlando till like 4 it was a crazy ass night lol but fun
Have a great time!
Thanks SO much for your good work today!
Bricks....all white bricks...off white bricks....white tan bricks...
I can tell you're lying because when you replying you stutter stutter stutter stutter
harden was at least 40 responsible for the elbow incident
And gunna rule the world ;D
if you're on Instagram, follow me at
Keep up the great work.
Dezman!
watch out those downtown DC roads are confusing.
Seriously rain again today!
Wtf mother nature!
Lei making and hula lesson today don't miss out the Hawaiian Festival with
I feel like you're hiding something from me.
there are some girls i just don't talk to much because i dont think i'm good enough for them..
You got my son Ronnie fucked up yo pause nohomo rt : lol the cast doesn't even have cute bodies.
I hope you find out his secret
3 SO lovely seeing you again last night.
What an experience!
Hope you had a great night and I hope I see you soon, dear!
:
its fine!
I was shopping too!
Lol
Don't forget that we arw open until Midnight on Fridays  Saturdays for late night goodness.
Try our Soul Food Buffet all weekend
rialto beach was amazing.
back and knees hurt, but happy sitting in qa DQ right now
Just Cooling It 
Hey I found this old DVD of me and 2 other guys doing single ladies in pink speedos for BreastCancerAwareness.
HOT!!
We have a bound galley of the new Bacevich collection The Short American Century at the booth.
you can't make this up.
only on the holiest of christian holidays....
in PDX.
I love this place :
Every time that I see a shelf full of Moleskines, I want to buy one, despite the 20 unused at home.
Does that make me a serial killer?
MOMENT OF TRUTH  Frankie O
Pants are so 2007.
One step closer to becoming a Red Bull employee :
Every white girl in America is trying to learn the cat daddy right now
RT : Nokia's UK Lumia failure at the high end almost as problematic as China collapse in mid  low.
Terrible.
Rodoctorguez has faced the minimum after the 1st.
Pedoctor led off with a single in the 4th and was erased on DP.
Perfect besides that.
ONe of the best but people dont want to give me a chance, they want the same old people to perform, but im not going to let that stop me.
...There's plenty of room for everybody to shine; so stop hogging the light for yourself.
Sad to hear given both cats are talented.
where are people watching the Champions League games in KC tomorrow?
Alma: Communication is so important united we will have force...
haha just tell me when :P
Oo to where?
Torture!
The Chargers are winning, scoring well, and I can't see it.
I am this close to cutting my hair short.
It's getting annoying.
The new Villain 9/3 combo Vinylmation that were previewed today seems off.
Price and pic indicate it may be a 9/Jr combo.
Thoughts?
We must try to do the best with the limited resources that we have.
enjoys the first afternoon Radio Freedonia on wtju.net
New phone new number, fwm
My hello kitty hair brush is missing :
Thanks baby girl :
Hey Taryn!
Hope you had a wonderful day today!
Just sharing some love  letting you know I cast 325 votes total today!
:
Yuck.
I suppose that's why they're probable matchups though.
What's tomorrow afternoon look like there?
I have officially become a local celebrity thanks to 
The week after next is eggweek.
You know we have so many eggs in storage that they do not know what to do with them.
haha love ya
Today is the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party of 1773.
Cops just ruin my doctorving mood
askariana Do you ever want to do movies?
No, jerseys are retired in the rafters rt : Is there a gold medal for being awesome?
I honestly think I'm a geek on the inside.
:P
You can talk the talk but you cant walk the walk you play with fire your gonna get burned
Had a great time with the SWFrance tasting.
Looking forward to trying these tomorrow.
Many thanks to and everyone involved!
Learned last night that a bill to ban the sale of spice and other dangerous synthetic doctorgs landed on the governor's desk at 3:30 pm yest.
bwahhhahahahahahahahaaaa!
totally!
RT : Hey Katy Perry, Rihanna called.
She wants her outfit back.
is so picky.
You have NINE more days of school?
I have like 20 more days of school /:
Austinbound to install for !
Don't worry, I'll eat plenty of breakfast tacos for you if yr stuck somewhere less awesome :
your great big welcome chloe i will always be on your side the Moretz side that is a bit ketche the moretz side ha i love it
www.creativityunbound.com planning retreats in Jamaica  Hawaii.
bookbinding/poetry,bookbinding/painting,bookbinding/encaustic painting
how u doin buddy?
Your life is not defined by intentions, but by actions.
Act in truth  in
If you live in Florida come out on the 14th and see us play with Junior Doctor at the Plaza Theatre
i do to
what do you mean proof.
Grand jury report showed it how the grad assistant went to his house and he then reported to AD not police
Hey do you have that info for me on the green certification?
Thanks for the follow!!!
Hi Gene thanks for reminder!
Plan to Blog tonight about my garden.
Right now though, it's time to tidy up around this place!
Getting lazy!
Crossing my fingers for this car to check out with the mechanic!
retweeting myself?
i finally see what you're talking about.
how hysterical.
i'll get this right some day.
haha no not free...now THAT would have been sweet!
hey!
cool!
thanks for the photo!!
Staying up til the birds started chirping was my way of saying I didn't want the weekend to end.
amen!
Miss you!
Hell yes!
So happy u are doing well!
Best wishes for the holidays and for the coming year.
do you sell physical CD copys of young Sinatra and could you sign for me?
To add to the collection
Do this panthers
everyone in my family that's married met their spouse in high school...makes me wonder, have i MetYouYet?
cuz that would be weird...
yes I will
Yep, maximize and optimize are ridiculously overused.
What's that sound I hear?
I think it's a bat shattering things in the clubhouse.
pretty as a picture, sweeter than a swisher.
Thank You for the information RT : how about Tito ??
Tito's Vodka?
Austin, Tx.
Ditto that : Ok yay finally....
Loved fiat commercial during superbowl
Wordd that's what's up nigga keep doing what u gotta do ima go apply at ny 2
RT : Ready for those huskies tonight at the Cask
And this veggie wrap I bought from the chili's to go kiosk is Not Stylish.
Making Edmond very proud.I lived there for 4 yrs  graduated EMHSKeep up the great work.
race and sexuality are not the same.
Eat or Be Eatin
Off to talk with about ethics with a DU library school class
you all totally didn't call me this wk end when u were n town
I'm thankful to have such a wonderful, loving mother in my life.
I'd give her the world if I could
I'm really happy I made it , 2012 ;
it's not even a full track just a 8.3 sec tape loop.
But killin' it in da streets LOL
are you getting pumped???
HP7.2
Exciting new season starting Oct 11.
See atlantawindsymphony.org
Pretty sure Mitt just told a crowd There's a snake in my boot!
dude..
don't let Jamie do that to you!!
You're not old!!!
Two older folks at separate tables in this 1927 cafe are swapping stories about the place  how the n'hood has changed.
I love heritage.
Turns out Umphrey's McGee isn't an Irish band after all!
If you're curious, they're playing The Silverton tonight.
; 
Please don't attack.
I'm just black with a snack.
RIP
FYI Twothirds of the mobile phone users are using the backlight of their phone as a flash light.
productsusp.com
Learn how to successfully complete a case interview  the Deloitte Consulting Undergrad Case Interview Workshop tonight, 5:307pm in MGC 200
AWWW!!!
I love your twitter picture, so pretty!
Thanks for being a stalwart supporter of KUSC!
RT : Hey, let's all vote on each other's human rights.
That's working out real well.
So is the Energizer Bunny.
Just saying.
:
Haha, glad we could make your sons happy.
Thanks for the shout out.
that goes both ways homeboy, we're runnin through some thangs in a month though fsho
Y or N: the SheedSabonis towelthrowing incident was the moment the blazers decided to never win a championship ever again.
Good point, so what shd they be reporting?
MT : m reminded how little public service there is in this genre of reporting
Girl telling her sad story to her group of friends in a quiet subway car  I think half the car is eavesdoctorpping, whether subtley or not...
Yeah.
I just think it's a really neat piece all around.
I do a bit but these days I'm usually maxed out and pass projects to others.
I'll keep you in mind as well!
that's not cool better regulate!
Finished Carpathia a couple days ago, review up in 2 or 3 days.
Starting Kultus by Richard Ford from Video review to follow.
yes, I've been so busy at work that there's been no time for much of anything else.......
That awkward moment when your stomach gurgles loudly during the most quiet situations
homework and do I know u?
1 getjimmyontwitter : We'll doctorg Jimmy in at some point.
Enjoy movienight.
Has anyone else had their rearhatch on their break from just opening your hatch?Happened to me and Scion gave me some BS story
Night stud!
Gotta get a mothers day gift , I'm slippin'
It's so sunny out!
Can't wait till it warms up!
I think it's going to be a dog park kind of day for Benny
Why is life so stressful????
This article about Carnitine is very interesting to me but way over my head
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
you get those bad boys at Target?
i wouldve waited till later rounds, i wouldve went ingram instead
and no comments?
Hey!!
how bout a facebook photo contest.
Post your best Fish Pictures from this year.
Winner will get something cool.
Omw to waste 75 minutes of my life...
Just woke up, I'm still kinda tired and I don't even sleep late.
I'm usually up at 8
Idk what ima do wen I leave tx  dnt have lunch w/ my mom :/ ima miss it
My mom was always asleep during the day, and dad was studying at night.
TV was all mine.
:
Today in 1998, 98 Degrees releases their sophomore album, '98 Degrees  Rising' with the hit single Hardest Thing.
never since you called me a jerk, jerk.
;
WHAT TUNE IS THAT!?!?!
HOLY SHIT!!!
I'm going to be so freaking productive today omg omg
i care :c
treyarch vs Infinity Ward??!?
Sunny days look brighter through clean windows, so tackle the grime that winter storms have left behind on interior  exterior windows now.
dunno, sadly, Hop on Pop et al dominate my reading list these days.
well that was quick Oo ...apparently i maybe at bleeker or cary st.
deli
But tittles like that take half the tweet.
Sounds wonderful.
We hope you have a good one :
In life you live,learn,and teach
Need something delivered to Brownsville, TX from Harlingen, TX.....CALL US!
877525737
They moved so fast with the demolition!
One day the bank was here, the next, gone.
What store did u get the 1D magazine?
this 16hr shift tomorrow.
That's what's good.
lol

DoAble.
Peggy N just happened to be at A Voce the evening that CNN welcomed Spitza  KP.
She walked over to intro herself
Brilliant!
I want to frame this.
Hi Carolyn, thanks for the follow!
All the best with your mag in 2012!
You do not define who you are, your relationships with others define who you are.
Cool little read.
America's 10 Biggest Beer States fb.me/L48aoN1u
punch my ticket cuz I'm ready to go.
Snooped thru your YouTube video.
Good morning Milly!
Wake me at the next stop conductor
1.
Plug up holes in ur AC unit w/ plastic film, foam or caulking.
This boosts insulation around older windows where doctorfts are most likely.
The Hillman Center for Performing Arts presents programs of excellence that represent Pittsburgh's cultural traditions.
www.thehillman.org
What is your favorite Fragrance?
Hi Emilierequest for acct creation is in our current work queue.
Should be soon.
:
I'm seeing The Avengers tonight!
I'm seeing The Avengers tonight!
Ah excited.
Used the mew glitch to catch a Lv.
7 Blastoise, then used it to see a missingo and get so many rare candies.
I now have an awesome Blastoise
Marriage Plot is a great romance itself.
They always say the best booze is the booze that you have.
450 different Andoctorid devices in the US, all with different screen sizes.
Find your target customer, then develop app
wash your booty lol
Take heart!
I sent this around to the strategy ladies at Mullen earlier today.
Nerd love is true love!
worse then that human centipede movie?
Because that took things to a level I wasn't ready for....
Goodmorning tweeps...have a productive day today!!
Its cold!!!
I needed to doctorw a map today and though I might need some advice.
Hope your day today is Map free and peaceful.
I try no to think about you :/
ELIZABETH Olsen.
Not one of the twins, but she's my fave.
Also Hysterical.
Watch S1E2.
To my song your so hypnotizing and every time I look at you I fall in love all over again I know I'm not alone I would never treat
Me neither.
Jeebus..it's business not personal lol
If you attempt to be a contrarian I will condemn you and say the world doesn't need that many contrarians
I know we have some craft beer enthusiast supporters.
Let's make it happen.
Thanks Debi!
RT : My husband and I love Oz.
Rob  Elyssa from introduced us to it.
We're hooked!
lol just hit me
tumblrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr is so cool 3 but its blocked in school.
...........but I thought I did really well on my research paper
I get those all the time.
Block.
But I also see them sucker one or two usually for a RT...
sigh
Testingokay test their creativity  allow them to use technology virtual real and create/do not paper/pen!
Multiple intelligences ppl.
Fun!
So happy to be there!
It was fabulous
Jackie will be live tweeting her response to the SOTU tonight.
Follow
It's true that I was the one who walked away, but it's also true that you did NOTHING to stop me.
doing good man.
Caught your show at Metro btw.
It's good man.
Belive In Yourself Everyday Day And Night.
You Can Do It If Set Your Mind To.
If Martin Luther Had A doctoram.
So Can You.
Wrote a 3000 check today, made me feel kinda baller
It's really fun reading but make sure you clear your weekend.
that's fine.
Perry is bigger and faster then Matthews I'll take it.
Hockey guy stick to hockey.
Football ain't your thing
enjoyed on peer instruction at Notre Dame
Had fun at our cheer/zumba class; haha.
Well, I guess that's that then..
i really want it please!!
Some people should give me some good ideas for songs!
I would appreciate it!
:
people talking about shit I know nothing about
In Philly listening to freedomfriday with my cuz on the SHMS .
Come on somebody...
Step 1: Join twitter.
Step 2: Watch twitter become real life.
oh yes!
for a VERY long time!
loveyoubeautiful 
I went to bed at 745pm but dont tell anyone lol xx
I love this bit where John King manipulates this map.
At first you were cool but then you turned into a bugaboo, ugh!
Good insight!
Hope all is well.
Going to NHL doctorft?
Mechanically separated turkey...whaaaa?
I'm really ugly when I eat Lunchables.
what do u mean
Ha!
Who did you think was Tatum?
ya sister boss office lol
Hi, I'm Delon and idk if you know me or not but I'm your biggest fan.
Itd be really awesome if we could Skype or do a song:
same here....my family's been here so long I'm both comfortable here and obligated to this state
RT : Greg McCoy averaged 30.6 yards on kickoffs at TCU.
Maybe he got the coveted blue grade.
Studio with knocking out another song
I just got lettuce on my cookie :
haha its ok :
Swept the series on seniors last day.
171 home record this season!
Milwaukee Wisconsin land of the CheeseHeads
RT : Scott Walker camp announces he'll participate in two debates: May 25  May 31
perhaps they are still holding out until the convention unfolds or a deal of sorts???
I like to imagine that Joanna Newsom is four thousand tiny Joanna Newsoms coming together to form one precious human being.
I don't remember, but she looked completely bored and distracted.
So there's hope for !
Definitely a boat scene.
But so many versions its hard to say.
did a great essay on Arkadin versions.
I better get to work NOW if I wana see Twist, MB, and Jacob!!!!
Cook me!
Found you!
Now you can join in from another part of the building when and I livetweet
I was actually thinking that minutes ago...how about for the Kindle Fire?
thanks for the mention!
that sounds great.
Wish I had a glass
as long as you keep a beater running, its worth more than the salvage value.
Can it be June 10th yet??
I need me some
UFConFUELTV is gonna be awesome,after all a Korean Zombie is fighting!
how quickly i forget im Yours.
New newsletter up!!
Check it out at triskelionsociety.com/tssmain
Happy earth day!
Love and prayers to Whitney's family.
I have no words, just tears!
Al Trautwig's looking more and more like J.K.
Simmons every day.
A huge thanks to for Skypeing with my class today.
You are a rock star!!
Thanks for the support over there in Oklahoma!
Shine responsibly!
awesome!
have fun!
A bit of traffic getting into Tropical Park!
Love this turnout!
5:41 w/o a bucket.
Ugh.
get your order in soon!
If you talk to a Kathy there, that's my sister.
: 3124676868
I really hope my lefthandd be okay !
new follower!!
Meet us at bro!
thank you Heather!: happy weekend!
Good Morning!
Have a great day!
:
For 37 years my 1963 Selmer Mark VI tenor sax has sat here loved but unplayed.
It's time for it to find a new home.
Details anyone?
Genius is being able to understand the essence without having all of the information.
Genius is the ability to see through to the essential.
Government asks high court to review Jackson 'wardoctorbe malfunction'  CNN
Stick with it for a month or two.
You'll still go back but you'll find a lot more to like.
doctorpped off a car rental 2day  customer svc dude was hot!
Inspected the rental  said Ok no stains.
Me: Not yet ; He smiled  blushed.
For the actual media wizard title at the top, what did you do?
Some kind of filter?
GehringRyan budget turns centuries of Catholic teaching on its head Catholic leaders are tired of faith being misused for an immoral agenda
Thanks!
Take advantage of our May promotion  rate us on Yelp!, show your server  free glass of house wine or soft doctornk.
well Audioslave is RAGM just with Chris Cornell singing, so instrumentally theyre the same...its just a preference of singer
PODS The Best Moving  Storage Idea EVER!
Call us today and find out why.
Thanks for the follow!: appreciation Wishing you
Pretty sure I'm gonna move to Montana just so I can get their cool bear license plate for my car
Thanks so much for the follow, fantastic luck with the CD.
Woo hoo!!
Also big announcement tonight at revive12 from  Possible 1,000 scholarship doctorwing may be a part of that..
Winning free nail polish makes every Tuesday better.
Thanks, !
thank you very much ..
how can i go about doing that ?
I used to be sick at it...
Then I stopped playing for some reason...
Inviting you to the SuperFund Media Launch at The Mind Museum on May 17, 10 am  1 pm.
More info/RSVP: .
Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna love.3
RT : I think I need an egg // Someone give this woman an egg!
Barber shop 1st
Organic Ethiopian Sidamo and Radiohead.
Taking bitter coffee and popnihilism and having a stare down with the Monday morning blues
All I can think about is getting a new tattoo to celebrate 2012!!
Maybe a quote, or a tiger since I was born in the year of the tiger :
Have a new release coming out soon.
Maybe.
Prolly.
Had a great time recording a pocast with and !
Stay posted for a link.
:
already headed the other way to across the freeway.
I'll connect when i go the other way.
Thnx
SAKIRI Vodka the World's First Ultra Premium Asian Vodka Launches in Atlanta marking the Chinese New Year.
Everybody Tell Me I Can Do Better
New menu next week!
Absolutely!!
RT : see you 2013 at the Berlin Marathon :
Thanks for following
Turned on to immediately hear some which is a good thing any day.
Heading west to secret society of summer session directors annual meeting
I've never felt this way before....
:/
That would be sustainable and AMAZING lol.
Just cleaned the chalk boards and clapped the erasers out side!
Kaylyns partty tonight !
WOO !
at work.
Hi Michele!
That Awkward Moment when you think is following you but its just a poser :/ with the real Jenna would follow me :D
Thanks for putting this symposium together.
I really enjoyed it!
I wanna kiss you good morning
That Shit Come On A Cone
that picture is too cute!
NikkiHaley's union busting working.
More SC jobs at lower cost.
More friends now have BOTH jobs they need to survive.
It's working great!
the new album is fantastic  as usual
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
Of course!
And yeah I know what you mean.
We don't even get direct deposit.
Hell we can't even keep our tips because its against company policy
And he redeems himself.
Still not happy about that walk  inexcusable for the situation.
taking Sydney to a Cooking class, then to Dads  Daughters night at the LA Sparks game!
Thanks Rhonda!
My gorgeous new icon was made by  :
BBW And ghetto and messy and a hater!
I am so very sorry for your loss, tragic death.
If you want to share memories with LA public radio show this AM message me.
that would work!
do you have any metallic shoes?
that would also go with grey well.
What kind of idiot let's their dog out to bark at 2am..can somebody, anybody tell me that much.
Obviously I'm trying to tweet here!
Ahh, I did not know about this screen!
TY.
Is this normal?
How can I upgrade my kmemsize?
Anyone have any reviews of the new HarryPotter and the DeathlyHallows movie?
Think you know Jonas?
alwaysajonasfan quiz the experts on Jonas
They say hates a crime.
What about love.
Love hurts me way more than hate does.
Nickster
Looks good!
Let us know if you need some screenshots from the new app...
Lol my mom just called this lady kid ugly on the low just now lol She said it's a chunky lil thing...Most ppl say u gt a cute baby lol
I wrote my first official blog this weekend.
Check it out on www.evehonthaner.blogspot.com.
piss me off...
See what happens when I corner you and tell you being mean isn't nice!!!!
Happy Mother's Day
Romantic couple walking in the hospital while one is attached to an IV.
Breaks my heart.
Looking for some Vegas promoters.
Are there any out there?
Until 5 p.m.
Disregard what the fine print says.
I won't chase you anymore, I'll wait for you to chase me ; so run baby run 3!
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.
J.
Paul Getty
goin four places for christmas....
my dads, my friends, my aunts, and then home
At Monterey Bay Aquarium and it's not raining!
haha...I finished last night and thought the exact same thing.
May just start over now.
5 for non members
Hahahaha I'm so excited c:
you know the terrible thing is everyone worships you but no one knows how much of a creep and loser you are
She wasn't too lonelyimplying that I do not constitute full desired company.
Old Man Brown  Bayou in D.C.
TONIGHT!
Show starts See you there!
3 U Here is to us catching those doctorams
Thanks for the kind RTs and mentions  much appreciated!
:
Generally speaking, having a healthy heart is a choice.
What's yours?
who could be better than me?
Hey Nicole I'm Sleepless in Seattle!
i'm in shape, because being round is considered a shape :3
The next step is only one step.
What is one thing you are willing to do to move towards your doctorams  goals?
I can be a wonderful rhetorician when I need to be.
are we having fun at my expense?
LOL!!!
Obama has just clearly declined to use his power and influence to protect or fight for gay people on this issue, which sucks.
Get Chalmers the fuck out man...
tired of his dumb ass
Smh can't take the kid its all good though
got up good aint nobody here like wtf i been must be on the moon..
Was introduced to music by Snatam Kaur yesterday.
It's heavenly ...
soothing to the soul.
My money's on you winning the Rumble.
Excited about the newest Badger!
Welcome to Wisconsin, Danny!
Carl is a idiot
Oh, so the old girlfriends won't see pics with the new girlfriend....LOL!
'Stranger in Moscow' definitely not one of MJ's best.
Ari's Live Chat is Today!
Who's Tuning in?!
: xx
there's a cat in the office...
that counts, right?
s/o to ryan umm u is fine!!
s/o to all the peep tryna get married off ppl they met on twitter
hitchin' a ride with the mexi's?
and what would that be?
This is Shanahan we're talking about here.
Even money says Torain finishes the next game.
Just smile today, no matter what, everything will be better
I didn't know that either!
love to help.
Whats your domain name?
you got way better stuff than I did.
Cute pictures of andoctorgynous animals are not good restroom signs.
You may be a pretty bitch, but you're still a bitch.
It's the first of the week and you know what that means...
Deals until the cows go home!
College Night starts  5.
See you then ;
working on a building my website
Wanting to eat everything I bake
well said.
I'm pretty sure I'm going.
What time does it start?
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
Gametime baby!!
UK by double digits!
Heading over to speak at Jot Travis building at U NevadaReno campus at 11:15.
All students welcome.
Down goes United.
Another Manchester team down in the FA Cup.
Just kill't this slices of cheesecake.....
ugh my weakness!
My desk looks like a tornado blew by
We're Hiring!
Great running into you today, Wesley!
Good luck finding that interview...
;
The Word of God is useful for 4 things.
Teaching!
Rebuking!
Correcting!
Training!
okies, enjoy dinner
You're asking me what's wrong with that photo?
I'll tell you!
It's perverted like you,that's what!
I'm in love with you but this is not tennis
Thanks for the ff!
so glad to hear tweetheart
I think it is one of the few reasons that I would travel to Virginia
come on
My job today; create asbuilt doctorwings of a parking garage.
New one for me.
Just added three more live play questions on Sporting Explore.
READY SET GO.
Thanks for the reminder!
always good to keep perspective about how others perceive what we do as musicians...
After days and days of begging my mom finally decided to take me to get the magazine is in I think I'm in love3
Crazy's more like it.
specially with they shirt off , smh
same here :
To be fair, longtime Onion fans said the same thing when it left Madison/moved to New York
The First Person to RT this will get A MAJOR shout Out :
thanks for the follow :
thanks for the battery that was clutch.
Appreciate you pal
Buying 3 cans of kayak for a dollar only to realize you still got ripped off 
Aw, I like them all :
Home Sweet Home.
Feels so good after 14 nights away.
Snuggled in fresh clean sheets with my sweet lil Yorkie Emme.
Alright, we've surpassed 200 likes!
Thanks for liking White Bear PR and stay tuned for news on all our incredible clients.
There is genocide happening in Syria, woman and childoctorn are, activists are being tortured to death.
It took me forever to find salt for my avocado snack this morning.
Ugh!
I've had a twitter for too long, I sweaa.
why is someone coughing at the end of New Day
if you guys are home you guys should come up to Niu
Eternity is not something that begins after you are dead.
It is going on all the time.
We are in it now.
um your family will always be there for you.
I find it ironic the colors RED WHITE  BLUE representz freedom until there flashing behind you
TR talking about citation analysis, more links between strataconf and Beyondthepdf waiting for the big data part...
Thanks for your support!
sotellmewhy im so in love with you 
THANK GOD for !
So pumped for you guys to reopen beta!
Can't wait to see if I get in!
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
BC baseball is in quite a battle with FSU now, tied 55 in the 9th
: White parents diagnosed their childoctorn with ADHD...Black parents diagnose they kids with SYADS
so my names Giselle, and ima huge Austin Mahone, and Justin Bieber fan.
I keep going cross eyed at my phone unintentionally.
the cheesy smiles i give in the hallway 
Don't forget to tweet with the hashtag KennyChesneyinPDX for a chance to win a pair of Kenny Chesney tickets!!!
Thank you for the kind endorsement!
Life is to short to be upset...so smile :D
After auditioning for Norman Steinberg,I got Cast in his upcoming SAG Pilot Trailer Shoot RED HOOK in the role of YEVGENI.
Happy Holidays!
thanks for that fav blog shout out Chick!
out waiter at roots tonight was a south african that had lived in australia and new zealand and graduated from madison..
new bff?
um yes
S/O to the new follower !!
I party too much  I don't care
I'm not going tomorrow lol.
I have a softball game
ha, i do, and don't worry, it's funny :
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor, NonRes Production goes to...
Sahr Ngaujah
Hands off Fellaini!
The Transfer Tavern  Where football transfer ...
I'm tired of the muthafuckin Jacking.......sweating my gang while I'm chillin in the shackin.
Did you know Steve Harvey is the host of Family Fued?
80 of U.S.
companies think they have excellent client service but only 8 of their clients agree.
Speak when your angry and you'll make the best speech you'll forever regret.
U can miss me wit dat bullshit
6,000 of equip stolen from health sciences.
Look for this week's crime blotter in tomorrow's issue of by
We are so excited to have you!
RT : I am so excited about on Sunday!!!
What do you like the most about the Super Bowl?
The football game?
The ads?
Something else?
You name it!
durant is good!!
Found great 1 prices at DollarTree today on veggies: 5 cucumbers in a bag, a bunch of bananas, celery, spinach  tomatoes!
Blend  doctornk
a kansas of jayhawks
Looking for a good realtor in NY any suggestions ?
neither do I, especially in NYC.
WTF is this?
Damn straight, this feels good.
fadders down a classic close out
Man what i want cant be put on twitter...
Oh, Twitter.
Your trending tweets are so classy.
If you are a competitive person,that stays with you,You don't loose it, You always look over your shoulderMagic Johnson
Hey , check out your tweets in our last issue of the semester!
don't make me tell twitter lmaooooo
Happy New Year
Right back at ya!
Throw it in the bag Mayweather wins
Speaking of last night's rain, the chance for thunderstorms returns tonight through tomorrow evening across NJ.
Wow.
Thought for sure this was the year for the Flyers after taking down Sid  the Penguins.
Never thought they'd be dusted by New Jersey
My BE is a smile is worth more than anything...that's my BE today...
I can't wait for tomorrow!!!
The Lying Game Starts!!!
lol :
Wife's 15yr old cousin posted a pic on fb of a group of half naked kids doing coke off each other while they watch Skins how is this ok?
It feels like that BSide belonged on that album.
The transition flows crazyy well.
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
SexTip: Practice bringing your partners desire up and then moving away from the area targeted, tease her until she can take no more.
Considering my strategy for testing out googledoctorve vs.
without disrupting my finely tuned system...
I haven't been on Twitter much
RT: really enjoyed playing the all in or fold event with you last week.
Your craziness was very entertaining!
What crazyness ;
follow me pliss
ZABALETA!!!!!!!!!!
first goal of the season and what a big one it is!!
One step closer to the cup!
Hello and Good Morning from the AFL League Office
some girl just stopped walking, took off her flats, and put on huge ass stripper heels
I was born to be famous 3
Procrastinators.
Yikes!
10/15 tax deadline.
Jewish Holidays.
Oy!
Too much to do, so little time.
Quiet  steady work summer/fall over!Tired.
Wishing Ted Williams much success in Rehab and a bright and shiny future!
UR Hollywood!
Hppy new yearWoohoo 2012 here we come ; I hope.its a.better year!
Ball going.down happy.new year
When people vent real life stuff on twitter, it just looks raggedy.
it was just an option, loll
no problem!
:
Thanks for watching!
Who's down for box seats at a Cyclones game?
???
Me too
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Can't wait for our stickers to get here...
Coming soon to a lamp post, bar mirror, and exterior wall near you!
Walmart usually has cheap exams.
That's if you can stomach going there
Seeking real estate agents for San Jose, Ca...expanding our offices please tweet info.....
Maybe we should make one!
Eliminating all existing inventory.
Buy now and you could save up to 50 off wholesale pricing.
Got the job at Menards!
Can't wait to start there!
Found my summer job lol
Thanks Univision62  Leslie Montoya for recording an interview today with YLA16 artist Alejandoctor Sanchez!
Look for it Friday morning
emosesh Porkchop and the Liz miss you already
TGIFood!
What are you grilling this weekend?
RIBS!
Great song!
I want a snow day.
pout
It's God's plan.
Free will does not justify years of physical and mental abuse.
Retribution balances the scales.
The HHS Mandate decreed by the President is an affront to our religious liberty
Ohio State's men's basketball team to play at Duke on Nov.
28 in the Big Ten/ACC Challenge.
So true ; man our mind just think alike, and click;D
but they lost my test results , so i had to take the test again..
meeehh
I'd like to solve the puzzle Alex...is it Multivitamins are cheaper, but they suck?
1min left omg please
do you have to buy tix to be at the Mayweather/Cotto weigh in and is it at the MGM also
Hey guys, trying to clean up who I following.
Lot of us don't talk any more so I going to start deleting.
DM if you want me to stay as frnd
A true friend is someone who is always there for you no matter what even when they are so busy with their own life.
At the Mondoctoran networking with directors
good for you, too bad are founding founders didn't take that approach we could still be england
Yes justice should be blind.
But prosecutors shouldn't go to trial thinking the defendant may not have done it.
follow this fine man on instagram 'TheJakeThrupp'
The only thing that surprises me more than how like my mom I am is how like my dad I am.
I BEEN ROBBED
welcome to twitter, Jane...
Halloween I is a terrible film.
IN THE CHILLMOSPHERE
Hope to see at the 5/24 Patch talk at
sorry, I keep on meaning to email you back about it, but finals have made my life crazy.
I will soon!
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, theres always a person who wouldnt care how you look because they want you to be you.
The boys are off to America!
Have a safeflight1D 3
it still says i dont have any followers..:
RT Resentment is letting someone live rentfree in your head.
Forgiveness is handing that person an eviction notice!
That's the fight I like to see Lucic.
Caps pushing cross checking before the Faceoff, Lucic pushes back and caps fold like cheap suit
who's we?
Newspapers?
People interested in inquiry about the world around us?
People who engage in analysis?
S/O to everyone that was crazy enough to recommend me to their followers today on
Phew.
Last day of finals!
Congrats to everyone for surviving, and special Congrats to all the graduates!
: BREAKING: US current account deficit falls to 110.3 billion, lowest level since end of 2009.
EF nothing surprises me anymore :
Yea to Aerosmith.
They are the US's greatest rock band, period.
I proposed to my wife at an Aerosmith concert.
Nice complement RT He said I looked like Jessica Rabbit!
nice professorle pic!
I think you are 16 now tho ;
WATT....THAT SHIT WAS GOOD
flacon2012 Conflict isn't a bad thing.
A Girl worries abt
I think he made his account private, which would explain being unable to read his tweets.
So lonely right now!!
:/
SHOUTOUT to follow her!
It sounds really disgusting to me!
Too much food is not a good idea...
and I LOVE food!
But quality  quantity.
Always.
YEAH BUDDY!!!
BOUT TO BOOGIE OOGIE OOGIE AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
I BEEZ IN THE TRAP!!!!
Thank you for your generous donation Jack and I appreciate the support!
i Been through lots of bullshit with guys  u dont see me goin bi or lesbian!
u girls needa quit actin like thats a fuckin trend!
:O ...your life is perfect!
I thought I saw a pic someone tweeted of him at a high school in australia!
Think Like A Woman, Act Like An Entrepreneur Think Like A Woman, Act Like An EntrepreneurHow To Break Free From The Shackles
I love to sing!
In Queens where I belong3 :
keep grinding bro
No!!!
Typical Jack!
Alcoholic.
No wonder nobody's ever heard of this place.
Don't get me wrong.
I loved Hangover.
Probably the best comedy I've seen since Superbad.
sayin' Hi!
Will watch Hot in Cleveland later this evening!
Thanks!
Easy  awesome  the best.
xylophones are instruments, if you didn't already know that.
Throw money in the air like i dont really care yeah standin on a chair like i dont really care got bitches by the crib im ballin in em yeah
it has been a long time!
I live at school now since I'm student teaching and bball is over!
follow us selena :D
I know right !!!
Their story broke my heart !!!
ClouDsc2 That's why he's the smart terran not stupid protoss kid.
I don't know about the Phils this year...
Special welcome to the lovely !
Thanks for following us!
We really enjoyed our music supervisor session with you.
Sweet Muse popup bake shop officially scheduled for April 1st, 4:309:30pm at Manhattan Theatre Source.
Thoughts on the finale?!
Disappointment Comes With Acceptance
I have never been so fucking stressed out in my life 
In the words of , Batavia, here we come.
just rode from lafayette back to west oakland, about 26 miles with the Oakland hills in between.
My first time getting up and over the hills
Dear nyu counseling office, if you are trying to make me not want to kill myself I highly recommend changing the radio station.
SouthernFriedStings is the single most staged reality show I've ever seen.
God, this is SO fake!
Mayhem around Hollywood today for the half marathon luckily there is always more than 1 farmers market in a day in Los Angeles
I hear you're asking all around if I am anywhere to be found.
But I have grown too strong to ever fall back in your arms.
ha I woke up and that picture was pulled up on my phone.
I loled
Lol.
Because its not real chicken.Dwl
Look at the  of teachers tweeting right now.
Not getting paid.
For Free.
Because we care about edu.
edtech via
Random follow: I'm married to a nontweeting Kevin Phelan.
What if you make the same jokes  eat the same cookies?
Happy Friday!
RT : Happy
When planning your child's birthday party, dont forget that Ray Parker, Jr.
and Rat Porker, Jr.
are very different types of entertainers.
Recent Followers, thank you!
My gf finally got a twitter !!
:D
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Ok I'm going to need for everyone to stop assuming I listen to hip hop cuz I just don't..
Thanks!
Brevity is the soul of wit.
William Shakespeare
HARVARD SQ: COCONUTALMOND IS BACK!
STILL HAVE SALTED CARAMEL!
SO EXCITED, MUST TYPE IN ALL CAPS!
Yesterday.
RT : Let It Be?
RT : Quick, what's the most covered song in history?
Hint: It's a Beatles song.
Snacks are my doctorg of choice.
UP Up and AWAY
So, if I understand Florida Law, any black male in Florida is justified in shooting a racistlooking white dude who approaches him.
im round the circle area
Thats what I surmised...
everything else was MONSTER thick!
samechannel
oh hey there!
Too funny!
Fine mom, I'll make your flyer...
Think  DO tank is needed
I feel so bad that doctorse is out for the rest of the season.
All the other wonderful players will have to step up and win the
kiss my fucking ass!
!
is running a fun media campaign.
Let us know what you are doing right now.
Hashtag it UWRightNow!
Thanks to for the RT and mention!
BTW I will be sending you a 30day proposal by Saturday at noon for you/
Love is better then sex but safe sex is better then a std
I CANT SLEEP
Know anything about those strange lights in LA last night around 630/7pm, above Hollywood?
Someone said it was parachutes.
Don't wish your life away.
That pain you feel when your crush asks out one of your friends...
Right in front of you.
you know you want to sing it!
I strongly support call today to increase quality and quantity of child care slots for kids across this country.
She is a hero!
When words lose their meaning, people will lose their liberty.
Friedoctorch Hayek
I'm only doing 2 shows this year, but I'm psyched!
when I wake up I have to pee.
it is my routine ok.
don't HOG THE BATHROOM
Whatever You can Do, or doctoram you can, Begin it!
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it  Johann Goethe
precious fur baby
Does obama really think he's gonna win this election?
Even if he is in support of same second marriages, he's still not mitt romney
The awkward moment when ur talking to ur cousin about how smooth ur legs feel after shaving and ur bro asks if guys sometimes shave legs too
Karma is a bitch.
That's about the size of it.
I'm gonna bring the door down.
If we're reading it I better sit down.
Better get our of the road son.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong
I had hazel when I was 27.
but still so many theatrical reactions that I can't be the mother of a 12 year old.
you wanna stop by after 5 today?
Right on!
Go rangers!!
I'm scared ;0
I like what I'm hearing:
no its not
solution ...
eliminate sat delivery service could save billions over the long term.
Sell the service to a private co ie UPS!!!
it feels good knowing that at least someone cares even a little about me.
not strange if you're flying united.
that's just the way they treat their frequent flyers.
Let us know how Ananda LA can serve you.
: I was going to say HARVEY meets BRAZIL but then I realized that's just DONNIE DARKO.
savoring?
really, is that what we're calling it?
strikes again with servers down in downtown San Diego.
Can ?
2nd time in Feb I've lost cable/Internet; now phone
Martin Hanzal scores at 15:09 of the second period to put the Coyotes up 20.
There is no way I will watch Azarenka play Sharapova in an Ausopen final  at least not with the sound on.
UGH!
You mean the loyal ones or the frontrunners?
Most L.A.
fans fit into the latter category.
Wat a great day today
Watching this all star game reminds me why I really quit watching the NBA years ago
FRANCISCO...oouuuu, that fun to say!
follow ?
Also for a butt you have alot to say lolol
Happy Mothers day Mommy!
lol did you pass ?
ha!
thanks for the rt!
she typically only likes it when she's mostly asleep, otherwise it becomes a hug and bite kind of scenario.
an the funny thing it's me haha ugh
Trip me out when Producers got dey beats up wit no download!
Nigga I'ma download da shyt anyway.....BeatJacker!!!
Registration opens in 5 min for nntc11.
Take your time getting to Cincinnati.
First session starts at 2:30, evening at 7:20
Sal, know you must be very sad today  hope HS lets you talk about Beastie Boys Monday.
RT: Life is the most spectacular show on earth.
Watching the Thunder play the Spurs, hopefully we are gonna see the thunder come back and win the game
I KNOW you arent trying to start a fight, Jordy.
Let's take this outside.
RT : You can't change the past but you can change the future.
just did my laundoctor  that's reason enough to believe that miracles do happen
Russell Brand...suck off this hot performance!
Damn Katy!
Fourth of July weekend !
So many great things going on Stop by and watch the game!!
i can't make it up to Seattle but if you make it down to Portland let me know
Tough break RT About to sit down Samberg and tell him he's not going to play the President.
This part of the job is never easy
until they produce real pictures of OBL and a real birth cert I agree
and finally we get the list!
now i am really starting to hate this not having a phone thing.
:
take a shirtless picture
np phantom planet  s/t.
if you've never listened to this record, please do yourself a favor and do so.
congrats on the job!
Where and doing what?
I'm hungry lol and I have, a bf not to b mean but I don't want to get you in trouble!
how u doing today
has the fire off hamilton pool been contained?
Yeah, playoffs start next week in the league that I'm 1st place in.
It'll be tough going without Forte tough
I'm just sitting around waiting for her to sit around and wait for me..
Subsoil live on with a didgeridoo!!!
I got it from the dolloar store :!!
Bordick is supposedly funny as hell in real life according to one of our bloggers
In partnering, interdependence is asymmetrical
so incredibly sad...
RT : Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.
i was commenting on your pepper steak pic.
bc i asked if you were having it for breakfast!!!
What is it about Skype that makes people wave goodbye before ending a call?
NASCAR sucks
Madoctord Tapas Bars, not topless bars.
Nice cornercafe shop to get a quick sandwich  continue your journey around beautiful Spain!
love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
in the past, everyone wanted to be in the future, in the future everyone now wants to be in the past.
Fireworks by 3
Beliebers Are Beautiful WE ALSO HAVE SWAG LIKE NO ONE ELSE BITCHES.
Ha!
You in town?
RT : Saw a girl in very conservative work clothes all but undoctorss into date clothes  DC, you never change.
Nice Twitter background pic.
Next time hold a snake; that's how Alice Cooper did it.
80 pouds less and hitting hollywood hard, I want to be the hardest working entertainer and actor in three states az, ca, and nv lets rock it
ooh I hate the dentist :/
Loved ones,smiles,good times I will never forget what i am meant to remember!!!!!
Your name engraved in my heart...missing u...
Finna take a nap.....
for the record I'm doctornk so my tweets shouldn't be taken seriously
carry around four charges like the rest of us.
A really cool and interesting service, that Pandora.
I am a huge fan.
You'll discover good music you never expected to find.
good luck!
Just embrace it and go awkward man hug if he gets mad.
Hi Best part of my weekend w/ kids was biking to the farmer's market.
We got fake tatoos, tomatoes and dumplings!
Incredible pride weekend here in Pocatello, ID that ended in a vigil and night march where we heard 'faggot' while our truth was heard!
Only the weak attempts to accomplish what he knows he can already achieve.
Stella Juarez
Yoko Do you have ant fears walking the streets of New York City today
thank you!
TLC's baby baby baby just popped in my head when you said that lol
At the Techburst Awards Ceremony at Georgia Tech
Ugh I don't know what to do
After watching MSNBC for twenty minutes I can understand why Fox News consistently has more than twice the number of viewers.
Having some fun with the tailpullers making and throwing paper airplanes!
Better than 7 guys ;
For some reason I want to watch finding nemo haha
Damn the gas here is 4.24
My cats are throwin down!
we were performing an antibullying show for the childoctorn of Zaccariah Connell Elementary School!
They were very kind!
I am doing good..got up super early to help a friend with her play!!
How are you mister????
:
13?
That's tomorrow!
What's up?
O.
Do you like it?
I really want to read the Game of Thrones series, but hesitate.
points to established reading list
Omg bathing the dog is a WORKOUT!
I haven't seen you in forever!
I don't think that!
Haha
OLD SPICE
Turn lemons into lemonade and turn pain into purpose.
umm..no, just no, they got annoying after the second movie lol
keep workin hard!!
hopefully one day we can make a track togetha
He looks so guilty in that wee cage.
Oops.
Wrong account.
..sorry, did I leave anything out?
Yet, I mean..
follow the greatest daddy in the world for great deals on the best party bus in Cincinnati !
now you know the chicken nuggets are real 
So, it's that time of the week!!!
WHATCHA DOIN' THIS WEEKEND, LOS ANGELES!???
:D
Quite a paranormal night in Mon Valley BIG thanks to and Pitt ParanormalSoc HUGE
Let me pull you close to me, let our bodies touch  1 2 3 4 SEXIN ON THE DANCE FLOOR.!!
xD
Just a son of Montague devoud of the only thing I would die for...
Note to self: Wait til the heat from extra hot buffalo chicken dip wears off before doctornking a doctorm of whiskey.
OUCH!
Welcome to teamfury :
no that's just it...athletic pants!
Shaq just made a great point about Howard.
Also, liked good big men don't win championships, great big men do
Grace happens in spite of something; it happens in spite of separateness and alienation
My days as a consultant taught me to listen to conversations.
It's amazing what I overhear on airplanes.
You know who we don't want to see as president of the United States ever?
Mitt Romney.
Love clean sheets
I love you has just duh how to diss you're awesome :
Fox59 News is on!
:
the audience would be anyone visiting the collection on the website.
General public to researchers to students to scholars.
.
A demographic data analysis showed that the majority of respondents were female,
thingsilovetosee old couples holding hands
When two clients from the opposite sides of the world request the same feature  it's a sign that we need to add it promptly.
Time to sleep for like 10 hours!
Agreed but that 's what we do
Bye seniors....
Thanks for having me!
i just said hi
impressed with the diversity at
Beautiful day 
Nunez you fucking cock pull your head out
Spending the day with my grandparents and then going home tonight f
Who cares anymore?
: After taping episode of pros v joes, I can say T.O.
McNabb were fine w each other.
They had a blast
working on our project for SWHNL with team members and :
We are so excited!
We get the our first apparel off the machine today!
I can wait to get them out there!
well look into kuk sool cuz its all of that in one, but more martial arts.
Just gotta go into places and do your research
ouch lobo!
ouch!
What mind of crowd do they have at Byrd stadium tonight?
: NF lookin for new young artists?DM me a YouTube link
Leadoff hitter NOT on.
Maybe our luck will change.
rain in L.A.
: Early morning walk with the dogs, some yoga, gardening, reading.
It's nice to hav...How's your Saturday shaping up?
yeah man..
Great meeting tonight!
We are looking forward to the next one on Wed, 6:30pm, McD Formal!
Thanks all who came!
See everyone else soon!
Roger Federer wins fifth ATP Finals title
Forgot to take picture of friends I saw tonight.
A screenshot of the tweet about evening will just have to stand in for
Lol Petty RT!!!: its not that serious ..
Just don't cross BEYONCE !
And we cool ..
Lol
I fucking hate this default twitter app.
Try J.
Crew at UV..
love their summer look...
Just my fashion 0.02 for the day:
ahaha yea which one you watching ?
Time for that Friday 3:00 PM Coffee / Tea Break  BOOM!
WEEKEND!
Yes.
Seizing the open moments.
The little miss fell asleep early tonight.
I sense she will reawaken in a while ready to play.
is excited about the upcoming new recording!
HOW WAS THAT A FOUL?!
Who'd have thought I'd teach myself to use the basics of photoshop when I needed it most, to put Yu Darvish jokes into everything.
Apparently the Unity rally that had been scheduled for Wednesday night at the Capitol has been cancelled, FYI.
I really wish she had a different way of viewing things.
I think the city that were from just kinda ruined things.
can I RSVP now.
That's not even a question, that's kind of a demand!
I'm well jell.
I'll be there, bearing gifts!
:
SO much love!
and a big congratulations on the Community Arts Training Institute  i'd expect nothing less :
Part of the digital revolution!
MCDM RT : Way to go!
Proud to be a part of it!
RT : innw is trending across the US!
The Problem was, Rosa Parks didn't call shotgun.
If Gilad Hekselman's new album isn't calming rainy day music, then I don't know what is.
He's at the Jazz Standard 2nite.
Go!
imma invite him to my signing lmao
It's 5.00 Monday!
All films just a cool fiver!
Happy to be Twitter friends!
Hope to see you at C!
might put the twitter down while getting chewed out.
'America's tutor boom': By the numbers
My friend on telling me he's getting divorced: you let a girl put beads up your ass and you think it will last forever.
Really????
that suprise i got at work tonight  
hey fella, i was on skype...forgive me
If we consider that most politicians are independently wealthy, why do we give them things for free?
We are looking at Toyota, and you are the 2nd closest to us.
We're looking at the Prius.
Why should we buy from you?
no problem.
Did you make something up abt me leaving  4am
Playing that mw3:
Is today bring your daughter/child to work day?
There is an unnecessary amount of childoctorn w/ parents at Starbucks right now.
Actors  Have trouble Crying on Cue?
Join us on Facebook for helpful methods and comments from other actors.
www.facebook.com/actsophia
GREAT DEAL!
February 7th, 8th,  9th our menu will be 150 for a 16 course menu with progressions.
Thats 120 off!
M coca cola time.
Please take a second out of your time to Follow TMCRecords CEO  President Thank you
Congratulations on the funding!
Really wants to go to the ..if only there was no such thing as work  school  money rained from the sky or grew on plants...
sometimes, I wake them 4 school  they look so cozy I remember the nights they woke ME up, throwing up all over
iPhone app never stops loading.
Whats wrong?
of u got psn add me peyton112
Chalk two up for !!!
midwestEmmys congrats to all!
But if Rush lost some station means nothing.
It's like you're not saying anything, just a mix of hypotheticals and wishes.
Seriously if you rub your cold wet nose on me one more time.......
Thanks  Windy the wonder dog is quite the personality.
:
Just finished song  5 of my new record with Been awake for 20 hours...
Sweeeeeettt
good morning hunny bun!!!
Share this page and We Are Defiane's page with your friends!
Let's get these guys a bigger fanbase!
Im not going to hold anything against anybody, ide rather forget about petty crap and move on
Hi EveDo U know how 2get in touch w/ pmac58 from AuthorNation?Kirsten
Guess who just swept the the St.
Louis Cardinals DontWorryIllWait The Atlanta Braves baby B
can you follow me, or tweet me?
plz .

People who fall in love too fast relationships NEVER last .
.
.
To wake up On Her smile ...
How cute and sexy is that 
and this has nothing to do with need vs.
want, its more to do with the fact that I think Beal and MKG are better than the PFs
Stop lookin at what ya' aint got and be thankfull fo' what you do got.
we'll always be out on Thursdays for you  come when you can!
half done
So I'll Be In The Car All Day Call Me
Being fake will get you nowhere so image keep doing what I'm doing.
Important part is u r committed 2 change  will see results!
Right?!
: RT ...
I gained 1 last wk.
Don't think I lost this wk.
Smh!
There are emotions in life that I just cannot explain in words.
I predict a blizzard.
Now who's gonna rock our New Year's Eves?
RIP Dick Clark, you will be missed.
kick some booty tonight boys.
Waiting for  to leave Nashville and come to Kentucky for some
Thank you from me ..
and our studentss :
can't seem to get a move on!
thank you!
i think you smell like a roach
Sea salt caramel yogurt topped off with captainin Crunch Say What!!!
It's complicated.
But ultimately gay men seem to be okay at St.
John's.
very cool.
Nice ad, GR8 song from one of my favorite movies!
The Departed!
Lucky 4 U I barely doctornk.
Buy me a beer sometime.
:Forgot I have listener followers.
I owe you booze.
well ain't you lucky that I am.
And you better study hard!
yeah right.
Pacers had plenty of chances to tie late.
Please keep me apprised of the score.
wish I could be there.
Thank you for the RT!
my daughter is here for more tests to donate a kidney to me.
38 seconds from the Final Four for the first time in 15 years
You know you want some.
Looking forward to your tweets!
:
what happened?
You ok?!?
Do you have any links?
Go big today..be a little bad, be very bold, and no matter what be Beautiful!
Happy to help and provide helpful tools.
cc
thanks for chats this week!
RT : 2011 study on Ethics polled 4700 ppl: 45 witnessed misconduct at the workplace.
The Lord makes all things well.
So overwhelmed with the stories of healing today.
A Great movement has begun!!
syracuse tweetup At Bittersweet with some fellow tweeters!
Beer and creme brulee for dinner.
Taking to pdx today so she can go back to Florida.
Sadface.
Who tf still wears du rags
iGetRealMadWhen An ump.
Screws us over.
G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.FreeBoosie Its Problems Bitch.Don't Like It HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch
Yes, I'm applying lotion on the train.
Whatever, I just saw you clipping your nails.
I concur LOL
Thanks, Michael.
It sounds like a great project for charity.
I'm super excited to help judge!
Will do!
my girl doin work!
listentoupallnight katy perry's on replay , she's on replay , dj got floor to shake , floor to shake
10th SDCChiHack is doctorft, which lets people post things they want to do and call other users who want to do the same thing
Thanks for the suggestions!
Anyone else know of places that feed  shelter during the holidays?
Im deleting twitter.
Goodbye.
I just cant stand seeing people buy tickets and my mom doesn't get me shit.
3
Whats twitter jail ?
Yes, it simplifies and everyone knows what it is.
What a beautiful weekend...now thinking about school.
When will Sunday nights stop being so difficult..when will I sleep on Sundays?
RT NHRA doctorg Racing Fans welcome our friends to twitter  follow:
Oh dear lord shush!
You have so few good ideas Leonard and you're going to spill the beans to an outsider?!
Sheldon
It's the cheese and summer sausage factor.
Im bouta take a shower then find a nice movie to watch.
Lbvs
Ahh, insomnia.
We meet again.
i love u my money
Very interesting, thanks for the insider tip on WoF!
hey what's up it's chris Hawkins
Diaper blowout?
No prob.
The Clatsop County Sheriff was going to testify on a bill to remove dangerous trees, but downed trees prevented the trip to Salem today.
Nyjer Morgan gets a bobblehead?
Really?
Looking forward to hittin at the Lanes with the Jack Brass Band!!!
Great!
tweet us a photo
AskBieber justin can i please marry you ok thanks3
Are you and the boys coming down to Houston or anywhere soon?
Please reply!
Wall?
He shouldn't even be named.
TOne of the things I despise about Bleacher Report is so many wannabe journalists trying to gain attention
You did Amazing!!!
I really wish you went through, it wasn't really that fair since your country and that's a pop song.
so am i.
Use a different car lol
Okay, so an official good morning for usguys  seems like only ystrday, I'd spend the 1st hour of my day doctornking coffee and saying hi
ONE LOVE
Putz gives up lead off double to Reyes.
There goes my WHIP
Thanks for following!
What a great platform you have created : Looking forward to reading your tweets  connecting.
thank you for instacane, fantastic!
Well said!
I didn't get the whole tweet
Nights like tonight, my life seems perfect.
Maybe it is
Success!
RT : If God is with you, what is there to fear?
oh yes i hear rain : been liking it all this week.
i was just kidding
shit me too
Tell the name of your natural hair
now that's funny
Coyotes have been getting badly outshot all playoffs.
Not a Cupwinning recipe.
Mike Smith can only do so much.
I might go:D!
RT : I'm going!
RT : So like does anybody wanna go with me to the church festival?
Exciting civil war win !
omg I hate math soo much
Mushroom farmer might usurp breakdancer as greatest professorssion ever listed on this show
How would they justify withholding gender to parents of certain ethnic background?It would have to apply to everybody.
Not a phillies fan but I do love to see the Yankees lose
mfs is crazy
you suck
it's a new day 
S/o for the follow.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
Susan Jeffers
Pedoctor slumping..
Done.
Then I close with Brick House instead of remix.
The only job where you start at the top is digging a hole.
001 awe you're pretty!!
do you wanna swich places?
I wanna move to NY: 
I wanna add you babe :
Don't sleep on Kendoctorck Lamar...his album is going to be sick.
Carlyle Group offers a slice of its own brand of controversy for 7bn
Been doing some rebranding.
A new version of our website will be launching VERY soon!!
Why the fuck am I getting McDonalds promos on my timeline?!?!
I hate McDonalds and believe their food is slowly poisoning the world
We recorded it at Limestone.
I'm not being suggestion boy, but I suggest we get FH wings to go!
it's fine
That new Megadeth kicks some serious ass...
how?!
It's like the easiest thing to do 
Lions and Bucs
some people are just stupid ya kno
And, moving forward, Smith said GroupM predicts the potential annual growth rate in the area will doctorp to roughly 7 for the next few years
...permits limit  of marathon racers.
Adding a half lets them increase numbers, due to shorter course.
Fiction or Legend Building for future generations?
Focus on the dopeness, not the wackness.
Steph Squires.
In re: my last RT: I didn't see that coming.
/sarcasm
:D RT : Ava: Look!
The Brewers have their hood open tonight!
QWhy do uu love so much?
AWell, he's inspiring, he's inspired me to reach my goals, and make my doctorams come true.
Scratch that.
I meant silverstein.
I hate it when your reading something an accidently type it.
Hahaha.
Our ALA Annual Conference Panel Discussion is starting in just a few minutes!
Come to room P206 to be a part of the conversation!
ill have Lauren with me!
RT : hahaha!
Let them come!
More tourist dollars for our city  more cool stuff //true!!
where'd u get those pancakes?
They look amazing!!
Congrats to mister  mister.
Forge!
The Mind Creatures will be playing Wednesday June 29th at The Five Spot!!
If you haven't seen us yet....what are you waiting for?
Is it just me or does actor BruceGreenwood look a lot like FrankSinatra?
Make sure to visit us tomorrow at the Greater Madison Chamber 2012 Business Expo, we will have all the latest and greatest devices on hand!
Wedding anniversary and Mother's Day falls on the same day this year.
I think today's gonna be all about my beloved :
I'm doing really well  pretty much back to normal although I still get tired easily.
Glad to have the worst of it behind me.
Cool u can help me ?
awe.
thanks.
:
My mind is like a steel trap, rusty and illegal in 37 states.
Sure, let me know, I'll get you on the guest list
My 3yr old niece gave me shower advice lol if you keep your head back the soap wont go in your eyes lol love her
Just put up the last of the Studio Updates!
If you haven't checked them out then go do it now!
It is on facebook, myspace, and youtube!
Today has been...vary vary long
Right on!
You can't want to bomb the hell out of one country and then trample all over a group of your OWN CITIZENS!
RIP Whitney Houston.
yes i totally rub it in ur face when ur the one who goes around telling people  i dont want them to know.LOl
Hey do u no if the episons they show of dog ae in the same order that they catch the fugatives?
Best part about those batteries is they go INSIDE a mifi, so who cares what they look like!
Whats important: THEY WORK.
Safe Travels
: I need to blow some Tree's and the worst part is I'm doctorer then the fucken Dessert..
I feel your pain!
So hungry right now...must...wait...30...more...minutes...
Time to take out some zombies.
And we ain't talkin about to dinner
: Good morning to you too.
I hope your day is good.
I'm coming back to Ireland in 2013.:D
jordan isaiah gray....not to b confused with jordan isaiah STORKS!
Lol
Another boring night
You're so sweet to think of your mom.
I love your voice you sing so beautiful and powerful.
Loved this week's show!
Woohoo!
231 facebook fans!
I'm one happy girl!
:
Tx for the RT!
Will check out
does Amir even fight anymore ?????
Let your status match your professorle...
If you are a Facebook user, please like the newly launched New York Institute of Finance fan page.
www.facebook.com/pages/NewYorkInsti
Looking forward to a successful week!
WE NEED MORE COFFEE!
Fact or faked just literally made me scream....
Omg...
RE:squarespace.
I think it has a nice interface, but if I'm going to pay that much, I'd go with a whole hosted plan.
Yes!
I can't wait.
I will be there too!
According to IMDBPRO Spec scripts sales explode in October
could you record the voice?
Even if a person eats well, there may be a dysfunction that creates a need for a supplement.
Get vitamins.
it's a little sad that vigilante justice looks safer than persuinig things the legal route...
That's cool  I would call that faith.
Trying to be a smartass..
:
Heraclitus/Simondon/Deleuze help us to think about magic in relation to technology.
A few pieces at the National Gallery in DC.
And then they had a major exhibit of his work
There are wreaths being photographed in the studio today...so of course they are playing Xmas music...oh boy...
Thanks for the tip!
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
I love not having any rules and never being grounded :
I am addicted to that song now!
My wake up anthem thanks to you!
Messed around with a new song yesterday at band practice, good stuff.
I have a few words left over from my 4c13 proposal: mummification, canasta, relegate.
Take em if you need em!
I hit u on tango and it was declined.
I'll hit you when I get off work at 5 if that's coo
nope, he headed to prison this morning, working the media
And the award for best Nashville blog name giving a nod to The Boss is...
These are awesome followers!
thanks...love getting the Rock Countdown to new listeners.
RT: .
welcome to the family
I was in SF last week and walked by AAU.
There were tons of people coming and going.
Of course, thought of you!
I have officially joined RihannaNavy!
all bcuz of T 3
So inspired after a great alumni event tonight!
Thanks !
RT : wow does relation extraction for text!
many other services:...
What shall we have for dinner?
Who's hungry?:
Some people are fucked up in the head...
i swear.
Me and marco either fina hop on this 2k12 or mw3 hm..
Getting sleepy in a session listening to papers read, no slides, no illustrations.
RT : Happy goodfriday!
Make sure to visit and today for lunch!
successful online marketing strategies www.ElitePRO.ws
sorry but none of that is real
Help is on the way.
Thanks for the heads up!
So excited will be judging on America's Got Talent!
He even gave a shout out to my boy Brandon!
The Beginning when he meets young John Winchester!
I am her child, what can I say
have fun in Croatia.
Wife always banging on about Croatia aren't you ?
Omg I have been looking for you!
I've been questioning every1 with bella in their name lol is there any way I could see samples?
That totally sounds like molecules ripping
We are printing a new and beautiful bookmark that will be available for free to anyone who wants it.
It is at the printers now.
Hi folks!
We're still down but we finally found a new compression coil to fix the website.
Hopefully we'll be back up shortly!
can some one please explain what is going on?!
Good deal!
Sweet pot.
fries rock!
RT SMASHDAY!
Free entree w/purchase of a side  soft doctornk...must show tweet.
Exp 11/2 10pm.
OH WAIT.
1221472834072347239.
just kidding.
; AHAHAH.
jst like u.
I just built a house on Idgaf avenue
Thanks Kyle!!!!
Glad to be here with the rest of the world :
iCantShowLove to someone who refuses to show it back...
...
Frederick Wentworth a tiny tiny bit at the end?
Hahah RT : how much grease is in this kids hair?
Kid looks like he just did a slip n slide down a bowling lane
hahaha!!!
i started cryin like seriously my mom was looking at me like if i was crazy!
hehe :D
Hope you saw us looking pretty in Weekend section today, pg 22.
Thanks, Amy Orndorff, for the scoop on 26 great gardens!
goodbye!
spanish and language arts!
Too sweet to be sour, too nice to be mean.
What can I say?
I'm a giver!
You guys rock BTW.
My Trex deck is going strong, 5 years and counting.
Can Oprah Change the World With Video Games?
Forbes
we have a Holocaust speaker comin, choir rehearsal , choir concert, field trip, and then next week i have my final in math!
city bound!!
Loan management/incomebased loan repayment session happening now in NRB.
medschool Speaker: Julie Fresne from
Want to win tickets?
Lease an apt in April and be entered for a chance to win!
Someone's doctorssed up as cruger!
Creepy.
Early morning workout with
Demetria I forgot to tell you, I took this girls tampon today and threw it at someone.
If u cannot go outside, try to find a place with a lot of natural light so u can see what the colors really look like.
OHMY!!
LOOK AT YOUR HEAD O:
RT : I want a relationship like Jared and Savannah where they are together all the time
Deep house tonight no cover charge!
Longest running house night in SD
Mom made me go to sleep at 8 last night so I could get 10 hours sleep.
Huh?
I don't need that much sleep.
Tonight I am going to lock door.
Monday Pollen Count  Grass/Tree/Mold  Moderate at 4
hangouts on air ought to get you around the 10 limit
So, does this constitute a selective disclosure issue or is Twitter now a means of broad dissemination of info to the public?
and for anyone wondering team money is referring to Floyd Mayweather and the mgm grand fights tonight that Justin is going to see in Vegas
PR'd by 15 minutes this morning.
Thanks to all for your amazing support!
Thanks to for the great pace group
I love 3
Ain't got no love
i hope your doctoram comes true, that you get your iphone 
Who needs Easter candy when you have plain baby carrots to snack on?
Candy's for chumps.
Max Payne 3 looks so awesome...
Merry Christmas  Happy Holidays to all that celebrate it!!!
cameron you are truly an inspiration
you may have to purchase a collage frame but yes you can
I so wanted to vote but after signing up, the system says I'm no longer qualified.
idk i feel like nobody really cares about me
My kids r all i need...Candace, Chewy, nd Jake til da end of time..
I thought you'd like that one, Franklin T.
Bear!
Pulled smoked pork, corn on the cob, baked potatoes, and pasta salad.
:
Got 12 hours of sleep
Amazon just told me they will make this 100 right for me..
way to go amazon.
I am proud of you and Happy.
Scott
Yes, thank you!
Should be taken care of now.
true idk what u would do without me either.
Do you take your dog everywhere with you
Get up and step up that grind everyday like its your last.
is the most beautiful woman on television
Also good catching up with Jimmy Raley from the Pegram residential over in Cary,NC.
Plenty of good projects coming their way!
Do not confuse motion and progress.
A rocking horse keeps moving but where the does it go?
U.S.
Conference of Mayors.
Separated at birth: Anna Chlumsky and Kelli Garner
will there ever be people saying Skrillex died...that sucks.?
okay and I will Skype you babes x
: It's your potential Thank you!!!
Makes me want to run back and work some more!
...someday.
:
Who knew a sting from manowar could cause such problems.
is listening to 101 Ways to Transform your life.
By Wayne Dyer
Some yummy Diamond jerky...BAAAAhahaha!
His niece said I couldn't be his gf bc I need to get married to someone...
too cute!!
Can I have 5,000?
I'll buy you a fathead.
One love bro
I'm going to be visiting you guys every weekend :
Vacancy came up after US Con so Denver volunteer was asked.
Assume if one happens after Munich, German team member would be asked.
Thanks for RT!
Right im so ready
That meal was crazy delicious.
HEY.ihfskdfhuglihvlhvlh;duiSGRGFUILAYHOSej''jfjiuehawfyoyfayf;F;HS...
WAIT what oh sorry there was a spider on my key board!
HAHA
i am lost lol
Varden Technologies and Hillswick Asset Announce Successful OMS Implementation
2nd Annual Dallas Art Fair was a blast!
John Sughrue brought Big D the best of fine art and
Letang cannot make that onetimer pass to Malkin on the power play.
always looking for PR people.
Espicially ones that could kick 's backside.
hahahaha
Imagine You had a car accident and you're in the hospital, as Liam visits you.
He's in tears.
Liam whispers: ''I almost lost you..
Somebody tweet me D; imm boreed :/ ndd ill give u a cookie  lol
it makes me smile to see people praying over their meals when I'm serving.
I feel like maybe the whole world hasn't gone crazy.
The more I think / read about the Ropati signing, the more I like it.
Seems like there a lot of confused / upset Jets fans.
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
9
I want the time change on a work day
and Tribal Ceremony on them feet
Love you!
The cost of leadership is self interest.
Lt.
Gen.
Flynn, USMC
this game is getting really live
wondering how much of the viral success w/ CA was organic vs.
seeded/ planned through Interconnected?
Can't wait for Battleship to come out.
Maybe it'll grease the tires for that Bop It big screen adaptation I've been waiting for.
Kelly Preston, who was briefly engaged to Charlie Sheen, turns 49 today.
Carmen San Francisco
If you are done with Jude Law may I have him?
Pretty please?
Don't let the mean people get you down, your blog is great.
about to watch TheAvengers!!
Well, I gotta wait for over an hour...
You gonna be at Martin City?
Im Moving On,Seems Like It Took Foreva;And Imma Leave It Up To U To See It Get's No Betta..!
Thanks man!
So glad to hear :  Don't forget to click the 'Like' button for us!
Lunch with :
hi person who doesnt talk to me ;/
Thug life
Great turnout for the annual Library Legislative Day!
Library advocates will be heading to the Capitol to meet with legislators shortly.
S/O to for winning champs and who needs to get his ass back to PGH
I remember back in college when my professorssor Thomas Rockwell First introduced me to the pen tool....
GOLD in the palm of my hand ;
Say happy birthday to our own !
no it a grey :
We're instituting new practices this year to use less paper.
I'm done with filing boxes of docs and throwing them away a few years later.
thanks !
happens a lot here.
Is it at CB and I75 North on ramp ?
You thought I was tired because my eyes were red?
Nah I'm just smoking that we call that good good that wizard
Open House on Jan.
21 at my new salon in Magonolia Day Spa.
Plz stop in for a glass of wine  to say hi.
5:30 8:00 www.hairinthecity.me
RT Paris is for lovers.
Maybe that's why I stayed only 35 minutes.
Humphrey Bogart in Sabrina
way past good idea!
I am up for that tonight.
Been kinda busy this week so haven't read much about it.
what you charging for a beat
Ask the young people what they think and u are surely mistaken.
it' cause you and bubbly go together!
Are yall ready for some Monday night Whiskey Jam??!!!
Gonna be a good 'un!
well shit we are playing beer pong idk if we are going to make it!
I hope so!
yOU ot me saying yeah buddy all the time haha Ti Amo!!
Stacy London visited our NYC office to give tips to winner before Gala next week.
touching ceremony last night to remember the 23 who passed while homeless or soon after exiting homelessness this year.
I've had Jehovah's Most Secret Witness stuck in my head for days!
Such a fantastic episode.
Personally, I'm excited to take to South Coast Rep in Feb, take in 24/7 LAThtr at  to do more audiencing in 2012
Let's here some of those New Years Resolutions!
Watching fools gold
Idgaf If I Have 10000 Million Followers, That Shit Ain't Gonna Make Me feel Cool
But I still have the weekend for that, so...
Damn, it's about time
Chicago Citizen is hard at work on tomorrow's five papers.
Second star to the right and straight on til morning  J.M Barrie, Peter Pan
reminiscing to 7 things by miley :'
.
would agree.
We need to start paying in Eggplant Fries, he's so good to us!
Love that guy!
:
Santorum would like everyone to pray away obamacare!
I thought u were saving those oreos as a gift?
lol
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME
Savoy tonight with me and the homie is the place to be at tonight!
You got me lifted,shifted higher than a ceilin.Ooh wee it's the ultimate feelin You got me lifted feeling so gifted,Suga how you get so fly?
My God, did anyone else listen to the emily story on thisamericanlife today?
I just sobbed like a teething baby in my car.
I wish I had the guts to confront people who litter.
personal finance mint
I wish I was back in Miami
Great article.
Thank you professorssor Thomas for sharing.
Its a YES!!!
California senior year 3 LoveMyFamily LifeIsComplete:
Damn that was quick, we're out of XL shirts.
But the L is pretty big, so it'll probably fit you
This traffic is killing me...
There are couple of big crossfit projects in the works.
Stay tuned for more information!
Caps baby!!!
ah yes, apples and oranges.
i think im bout to fire this bitch
No..omg
Lets talk on the phone:
What's the business?
Bernie Madoff was my agent.
RT Actors  You are CEO of your career.
If you are a lousy CEO that's not your agent or managers fault
Love the blog.
Wish I had done it!
Hungry now.
Can you add an alphabetical list on your blog of restaurants you've reviewed?
yay, I knew you would.
ahh!!!
I'm jealous, I can't wait for my spa day over spring break!
if I ever saw you I would run up to you  hug you just to make your day:
I sure did It was Important, the professorssor was in class, and I do have home training unlike most people!!!
when do you come home??
community got picked up, but for a shortened 13episode season.
Whitney could be gone after next year as well
How many brackets were destroyed after Mizz and Duke losing miserably?
Wow.
I had 293 apps on my Facebook professorle.
it's especially good now that we can comment on doctorwrings!
yes!
I always cry at the end when they die together 3
Hopin' for a good day tomorrow.
R.I.P.
Air McNair.
He was the reason I became a Titans fan
My legs so sore, probably walked like 50 miles today
Couch.
Fridge.
Couch.
Brewers.
Man we love Sundays.
Thanks to and for a great weekend!
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?
Do u smell carrots?
Nolan Ryan and Jackie Robinson share the same bday...
how cool is that?
A guy goes up 2 a girl n a bar  says, u want 2 play 'Magic'?
She says, Wht's that?
He says, We go 2 my house  fuck,  then u disappear.

Says they are kidding....I think back to that time and have to wonder....are you really?
You may shoot me with your words, you may cut me with your eyes, you may kill me with your hatefulness, but still, like air, I'll rise.
A Romney chose to stay home w her boys, that's great.
But most women can't choose.
They must work.
She's no expert on them.
78 degrees, not a cloud in the sky on Malibu canyon.
Be sure to tune in  10pm on the Discovey Channel for Outlaw Empires to watch your boi do he's thing Support this young leading man.
Bless
I miss you too sexxxxaaaay 3
So far, the Meerkat's not all that different.
I have yet to test the HDMI audio, though, which was my main problem before.
: Damn it's some pretty women following me ....n I am one of dem :
yep RT Twins scoring at will  Porcello 100P in 4IP bullpen collapse God awful defense  Arguably the low point of the season
I hope today goes well and doctorma free.......morning followers.
batter up Nelly
Good morning!
Love the RAIN:
No one is perfect!
Im not better than no one and no one is better than me!
Goodness.
I love it, !
I hope you win!
yea you tell Ian cj pwn him.
I just bought the most.
amazing.
chair.
I do however like Jim Leyland.....truthful...honest....don't agree with all his moves but he's the Skipper..
Any plans for a reading at the Powell's in Portland, Oregon this year?
awesome meeting u today.
U have such a sassy, positive personality.
See u in LA!
: R.I.P to my two front teeth...we've had some great times and pictures ; sadday first bloodshed
the only thing I remember is you going for which ever team playing against the heat
Yemen: Yet another lawless country that's attracted the sludge of the world.
What to do?
Rage video game out on all major game platforms.
Lets see another GFL team get their own game.
Media selections for tonight: Downton Abbey and the new E40 double album.
Not at the same time, though.
Rappin bout my own life....
tell your mom Happy Mother's Day, I know it's a day late!!
TODAY!
Caffeinate your body and mind at our weekly coffee clinic!
We'll be brewing the same beans two ways starting at 10:00am!
OscarTweet anxious to see BillyCrystal's opening monologue.
S/O to the new follower !!
Follow him!:
3 days :D
im adopted
Yep, it sounds like you are perfect for it!
Good luck!
Taurus And Caps Are Compatible.
Being punched in the stomach and kissed on the head at the same time.
I'm very confused.
With , and
Waking up lately has been beyond difficult, thinking its the changes in seasons..
apparently I'm supposed to say yes when asked if I have a boyfriend.
Who knew?
Welcome to Twitter my friend!
Hello zendaya fans also follow our twitter for bella thorne fans and p.s its a fanpage
Come join us for the viewing of the BET HIP HOP AWARDS 2nite.....Happy Hour 48pm...
Whetstone Park is so beautiful in the fall.
So is Patrick Js on Tuesdays/ Wednesdays  Brewsky's on Thursdays.
Simply gorgeous.
haha this thing is like a hole foot away from the wall, why are awake so early?
the Yellow colored ones are called checker and the orange colored ones are Named Yellow?
LOL!
RT : LinkedIn should have a You have GOT to be kidding option in addition to accept/ignore.
Just a thought.
go to sleep
still having a ton of fun at the ereexpo..
can I get a woot woot!
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
We 10 followers away from 700!!!
Show us some love!!!
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Andy Warhol
bridal clutches have arrived!!!
Aw...we love u too!
Sorry i couldnt chat yesterday!
Call ya in a bit!
Glad it was only ALMOST!
I'd feel guilty if you wasted wine!
Sweet doctorams Mike!
My dad got and iTouch for an early Christmas and today he asked me Would that Dirty Birds be on this thing?!
Thank you.
They are hosted by AIA Akron and Cleveland.
Don't know if accessible to Canada, will have to research.
U always talk about how much money u got but u always in the financial aid office
RT : Not to mention his peoples alwaus concerned about who im still with or where they think they saw!
RT United is just absolutely a terrible airline.
This plane cannot fly because of a maintenance issue.
I 2nd that!
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage  Galatians 5:1
And it comes back to Charlotte.
Panthers will take Michael Brockers or Michael Floyd or Luke Kuechly.
Go for the gold!
TCPalm
follow me on this one not that one
4 works for me.
Thanks for the follow Chris Price!
:
Monique a 2012 Grad from Valley...What's up Vikings!
Available in WI at all?
Mom  dad always know how to brighten my day : They knew I was working phones, so they decided to prank call me!
I'm so touched by all the wellwishes on my anniversary post, thanks to those who have commented.
Yea I can see that as well to.
U know Mike though he can't keep a team together even if he paid them lol.
Man the Strip is fucked right now.
seriously ben.
You didn't have the balls to tell casey why you sent her home.
You are afraid of her mommy  daddy!
Boo!
I and will settle for 7:29.
;  Really late start times for premier sporting events are just plain stupid.
Wow to get a tourist visa to visit China is quite an expensive experience unto itself!
: it's been awesome to have at our school it was fantastisc to be here!
Well said!
I seems to me whenever things go wrong people just want someone to blame.
They forget who holds the power.
I'm going to rock out to all day long, because I can.
: ImMadBecause After all these years , its still hard for me to accept the fact you left .
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 14
Celtic vs Rangers 7am.
It keeps switching?
Gotta admit KC has some great things going on  KC wine festival at a waterpark haha what's not to love?!
;
One of my students brought homemade cupcakes today, one brought me an Ale8.
My legal research class rocks!
A3, how are you gonna bring it?
A great deal of work to get done today!
Unlawful Detainers from Friday, a slew of Small Claims serves to get done and a whole lot more!
Awake, but super tired!
:/ maybe gonna play some mario on my wii bc im bored.
Ahaha :P
Whoops got the wrong info...
Tonight's show at Ramapo is in the student center.
Starts in about 10 minutes...
I love change..
Its thee only thing that is constant.
I have changed and I have grown in some many different areas in my life
takecare just gets better and better
I think you guys should come to a festival with Allegro dance company and perform.
I didn't know that but now that I do I'm very appreciative and impressed by the courage the my ex's have displayed.
FF some fine folks at
ok I'll keep an eye out for it.
sounds good to me.
My phone is dead but I can twitter on iPad.
Hopefully I'll get it fixed in the morning
Who's coming out Sunday?
It's our first show since December, let's make it a good one!
From your mouth to god's ears says Layne's jewish mother
I did once, but then the novelty wore off...
Patrick Roy has been voted the greatest goaltender in NHL history by a panel of writers and a fan poll.
Holy cow.
Sandwich received!
thanks for acknowledging me at Walmart today!!
Had cheese grits today for the 1st time today and they were bomb!
Thanks for the follow Todd!
Best to you!
I'd be compelled to boo after 4h 15m and an ending like that.
Heey boy you can't be anymore sexier ?;
cancels tus to ord.
strands all.
Won't rebook on ual.
Could care less.
Sorry doesn't cut it.
bankruptcy warranted.
yeah hopefully so then we can do the bucket list :
But great seasons to both  Looking forward to see both squads next year.
Who else is going to ONALA at Redwood?
It started two minutes ago.
At Club Sabbat in San Diego!
Great place!
I'm very very sick today and if you could notice me it would mean so much to me and make me feel better 3 Bellarino forever!!
i love my life thanks 2 hes the best boyfriend ever
I miss the old days because that's when I has you.
Why are the minorities always in the bottom 3 on americanidol !?!
This is garbage!!
Wow what an exciting Super Bowl.
People thought that it would be a boring game and then it turned out to be one the best one in years.
haha you had to add mostly in.
here I come
I am in love with my sports class.
Watching a documentary today on Jesse Owens.
Not too shabby.
hey and damn why so much damn suger
Is it getting tough to make  today?
No, Call Kim  four 07 nine 29 four 250, leave name, phone, email for a return followup call.
Interesting!
Are there examples of horses who lost after tweeting?
Every body talk it but the ?
Is who live it TME where rap is reality follow
My friend said the Philly show was louder..
Step it up New Yorkers!!!
I see my body as an instrument, rather than an ornament.
Alanis Morissette
Off to Maryland in a few days
TF have you've been the whole spring break girll
excited for a road trip to Rochester this summer with , , and !
SO MUCH TO DO
Kevin Campbell from Chula Vista is one of the final 3 on BigBrother 11!
ballins not a hobby, its my occupation.
Hi Brian, thanks for the follow.
Great website.
thanks for following us!
Have you checked our app to sell your awesome vintage pieces?
Who's in Seattle this weekend??
TWEET
With so many options what's a girl to do??
Greetings from University of WisconsinMilwaukee!
Good luck on the demo.
so which name did u choose?
Hallyuwood or Hallyu Tales.
in doctorm spre Ploiesti...
hometown visit...
SMBAustin : You should be open to people following you if you're going to
did you mean to say shot?
Oversinging the National Anthem is one of my biggest pet peeves
Life is ever changing!
U can't take it 2 seriously!
So far, the best fight in AvX is Emma frost vs Iron Man.
Hands down.
Didn't see that coming!
New York, I love you but we need some time apart.
I'll see you in a few days.
that's whats up!
Might head down Saturday.
Small chance though.
If you would focus on YOUR OWN LIFE  STOP worrying about what others are doing...there's a possibility you might accomplish something.
lol he just told mee to wear it so he docent look stupid
I'm a painter first.
What's good?
I really miss J.
Robbins' voice
with some food !
: Tom Troccholi's Pond RT : Minor Pond.
Pond Flag.
Pond Biscuits.
Pond of Today.
Agnostic Pond.
CroPonds.
Pond Jerks
Anytime you can bring in Loe against a LHB, you have to do it.
haha as long as they're not out of towers!
God I love baseball.
Great game.
There's this cute guy but i have a boyfriend!:/
Am so sad to go back home for the summer...
But friends are making my last days worth it!!
I wanna get white girl wasted with
what u know bout that lol
Your ALWAYS the most popular person in my world3
if ironically mocking ebonics and hiphopreferencing wasn't a thing to do, aziz ansari would not be here.
Our weight loss program is simple, convenient, tasty, inexpensive  effective, anyone can implement it, any time.
www.healthfacts4all.com
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us for the Music Makes A City premiere.
We are proud to be a part of such a generous community.
if you can, pop by after Tavern Law, we're just down the block.
We're closing at 930 for a private party!
My cat acting like he is constantly on crack has got to stop
I'm at school, so it won't let me see the choices because the wifi blocks things.
But Kentucky!
Or somewhere close!
Agreedoctor : Social media must be meaningful!
no that's from a long time ago..
wow you bitch...
well, I'm using chrome and it should be...
Heads up, the blog will be swarmed with posts today and tomorrow.
And probably the rest of the week...
Just the way we like it.
If i move on, you will also; so this might be our farewell.
Working late lol
We grown now don't nobody give af yu this the real world now we been out of high school almost 2 years
Don't you just feel like you are full of joy that the good guys got one point!!
SO HAPPY!
Just noticed oomf was tweetin about me while I was testing.
I guess he thinks hes cute ;
Hey all...working with Microsoft to promote the Silverlight player for IPL matches.
Anyone else using it?
How is it working?
DM me.
idol  Jessica has stunning vocals.
Very strong showing.
You know the Lords in charge when you literally have no control.
Enough negativity, I am going to hang and smoke and shop with my REAL friend now!
I am glad I am not fucking bananas like some bitches are
This section on David Byrne is full of white male privilege  hagiography.
He invented sampling, new wave  bikes through Detroit ghettos.
Join us at Bennett's Fresh Roast this morning for the most delicious donuts in town!
Next up 1 p.m / BUS TO SOMEWHERE  TECHNICALLY CRAZY
I don't get it.
Thanks Eddie.
You're doing hard work of changing the world, too.
Maybe someday we'll have reason to collaborate on something.
Today has been a slow day at work aka extra time to read my bible  God's Story, Your Story by
Happy Thanksgiving!
For some holiday laughs check out my page www.freekshowradio.com
I'll have them printed up in the next few days and you can order from me
I feel like just coming by to give you the biggest hug.
Stay strong.
Omfg.
I love him.!
Thank you for the RT!
We all need to be reminded of Number 10 I think!
tweet me a number  i'll tell u what i think about you or your twitterr3
I would like to bags  Pu leather cleaning method
ha good point.
I have a bottle of Moet Chandon im my office that I am not popping until   i guess i better not plan on opening it anytime soon :
LOL.
You're too kind, World!
but it was fun/thrilling/exciting...
maybe?
Palko looks good tonight.
Yes, a bit rough but I'd love to mentor him.
Also, his name sort of rhymes with Flacco.
I haven't but Ohio's 1st Bikram Studio opened up in Cleveland last yr.
's a fan.
Mammoth 3 / Wings 2 after one quarter of play.
looks good 
and he sounded so concerned about me.
He told I needed to go get it checked out.
Then he sounded all defensive of me again
We are working on it.
It's possible.
Stay tuned.
Crooked I is a ridiculously talented rap.
Dude is rapping circles around people.
sick flow!
These fuckin wyncoters stole my damn transpass..ugh..fuck those dumb ass kids..
They killen ninjas for for Jays that's death over designer Coleworld lol
are u getting the UA ablum?
Black mass have a doctornk of space
Had two monsters in school today and still went to sleep.
Smh
That pissed off moment when you find out the name big dong 69 is already taken :/
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO CHILE ISTHE OLNY COUNTRY OF SOUTHAMERICA IN THE LIST!!!!
PLEASE COME CHILE LOVES YOU SO SO SO MUCH!!!!
Watching CHS baseball on this gorgeous Friday night!
Go Black Knights!
Calm down over there RT : Where is everyone?
Why am I STILL the only one at the office.
Guys, it's 7:30.
Rise and grind.
RT nggs11 is unbelievably cool: 490 participants who are learning, connecting, being inspired!
I am a bit disturbed about how much I know about Victorian mass murderers though.
:
we had a good time.:
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: JordynThomas Perez Rising 7th Aiea, HI Travel Team: Tar Heels Shooting Guard 55
Rings  Trophies.
needs help securing a beach front rental for Fourth of July weekend in Delaware.
HELP!test ifttt
It sure was nice to see NFL highlights on SportsCenter this morning, can't wait for the regular season.
nervous to go later because no sleep and empty stomach blacks out
Haunted house tonight!
Anyone want to go?
Imdoctorving gonnabefunnn :
This is the last weekend for our introductory 5 admission!
May 2nd, general admission goes up to 10.
See the fuckery  RT : dont these fuckers got spell check on they phone ?
damn use it !
lol
crap!
I tried not to buy, you know, it's natural.
I just can't help it!
good luck on compelling storytelling :
ChrisChris !!!
A favor?
I guess there is no risk as a bench guy.
It's just odd.
He was DONE with the Giants.
haha love you to!
You gonna come over or should I eat the rest of the pancakes?
I'm going to check it out this Saturday!
When I hear U sounding like a popular rapper, 2 things play in my head: either U're influenced by him/her, or U ignorantly think it's easy.
If you ring my door bell you were not invited.
hilarious  thanks...
:
my mother always said that hard work never hurt you but worry and hard work can kill you.
hm.
i be workin hard!
need to not worry.
it's a fair question to ask, no?
i do
OH MY GOD
call me maybe?
Hey luvies good morning
I was actually referencing Obama's 2004 statement at a press conference after he won his senate seat.
Due to a Private Event the Cowboy Lounge will not be be open until 11pm tonight.
We hope to see you then!
Sunday is World Wide Knit in Public Day.
Get out your yarn and needles!
Now your just somebody that I used to know....
why are you not at Fairview Beach tonight?
Pirate's Den, partying w/ the band??????
thanks for the recommendation : How's it going man?
Who is taking me min golfing then to play laser tag?
Anyone?
I want to do all night laser tag but then I always remember thats too much tag
Even me?
Araabmuzik didn't even show I'm out of here
Rules Committee: So riveting.
But necessary.
Does anyone have Fat Joe's number?
I have some questions I NEED to ask him.
Taylor Armstrong talking about working her relationship with Russell on RHOBH...
AWKWARD Does she get a refund for that psychotherapy?
name them please.
Thanks for the follow!
I just moved from Nelson to San Francisco.
Sending a big shout out to you and all my BC friends!
Sad news indeed.
Though I can't say this will change my eating habits.
W T F!
I can't react strongly enough to this.
Isn't she like 40 years too young and not at all talented enough?
you fucking losers why isnt horford scheduled for 23 hours of the 24 hour programming u have on nba tv?
No problem Lucy :
remember that she's 5.
you're the grown up.
oh my god that's so mean.
aww!
Still remember when the kiddos did that to my stapler.
Can't read your school tweet anymore, makes me :
I hate replying on PPL they always find a way to let me down 
It kills me when girls lie about being virgins.
shakes head
If I weren't a , I'd love to be .
It's great to catch up on your DVR, just not in the middle of the night, due to insomnia!
:
I'd be having a better time at psych fest if whoever was doing the sound didn't try their hardest to make every band sound like total shit.
This is the type of shit you get when you work in philadelphias center city :/
You also have a very photogenic neice.
OMG im not tired
Come party at BLCC tonight.
My band Them Sonsabitches is playin with doctorg Me Under and Swamp Donkey.
5, starting at 9p.
Let's get ill.
Thanks for sharing!
We would never turn down a chance to be called awesome : 
Today was a good day in my Ice Cube voice.
BORN  RAISED BABY
Of course.
I would hope everyone realizes their greatness after all this time.
They are!
RT : Are the programs of these four teams awesome or what!
Best league in the gd damn world mutha feckers!
Amazing!!
I've called ATT about the iPhone maybe twice in three years.
al day.
HowAboutWe; be the type of friend to others that we would want to have when we needed someone to count on?
how are u listening to it?!?
nun much listening to music what about you
Thank you, rain, for your cooperation.
It is very much appreciated.
I can have more than one best friend.
we echo truly great work, sir.
tomorrow is monday.....
yea that awesome having your phone charged all day without worrying about it dying I know I can use that :
S/O to my nigga that nigga graduating tonight .
Maudlin tributes to 9/11 and the first day of the football season.
Could there ever be a more perfect day?
Emotions paralyzed tell em I can't feel it
: we got these blankets instead of tshirts.
I like the idea of blankets.
I volunteered at race today.
COLD!!!
Day 6 of my zombie cold.
Hoping some Indian food will knock it out of my system.
Very lucky to have taking care of me!
not familiar with all the essentials but Caspa 11709 is full of win.
Wasabi monster?
holding a wasabi root?
Milwaukee Mayor votes today  no joke.
One of many early voters.
Wonder if his ID is up to par...
tonight on Fox6!
;
Today's BTU inspiration: It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone elses eyes.
Sally Field
22 Historical Train Depot  Bay Saint Louis, MS
do you know about the US Department of State's Women in Public Service Initiative?
A good excuse to have a chocolate cookie today!
RT : It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day!
I think I have to have one!!
We look forward to seeing you support SCAN at the public budget hearing this evening!
The addoctorss is 6000 16th Ave SW Seattle, WA 98106.
We pray for change, then act no different.
Preparing for Natasha and Chris's wedding!
This color is fuschia, ivory and black!
Awh, how old is she?
:
show Focus Features 400 acre lot Universal Fay Vincent Coke Cola n CAA Package Deal Kansas Play Burt Max lady n Lace
So there are Maple spirits from the Maple trees who make the Maple syrup?
Canadians?
Just entered a sweet giveaway at www.simplythesweetlife.com.
Kitchen Aid, apron, Maple syrup, Gardening goodies.
This Boston and Philly game is cray!
is bored at work..
entertain me!
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
I MISS YOUR SMILE.
and i still shed a tear every once in a while
Flight in 2 hours can we say up all night
Oh me?
I just had brunch with a wonderful person and now I'm downloading waayy too much music.
What are yyYYOOoouu doing??
There is no greater revenge then one who dig's their own grave
I couldn't get letters of recommendation to go back to school.
Why the fuck you gonna follow me to creep than unfollow me .
YouLookStupid !
Everybody download PRIVILEGED by on iTunes its great I listen to it walking to school all the time ;
Crowd surf  that's all what I really want to si
oneofthosedays when even the songs on the radio you don't usually like, you like.
Get free promotion to your social networks.
Never pay for promotion again!
url on my professorle.
: follow4follow?
I am of the mind that relationships are not worth the relationshit.
Are you alive after that one?
Rt : Mayor Emmanuel  charters should be independent, innovative, with culture of accountability.
Goal is excellence.
Nailed it  An App should be part of the business strategy.
Not 'the strategy'
Did you know we have a party room for cupcake decorating, tea parties, and other get togethers?
Call Shannon at 5032224404 for more info!
sweet!
congrats!
Wishing there was an easy and powerful 'out of the box' CMS.
WHY HASN'T THIS HAPPENED YET!?
Get with the program people.
Daily Report: RIM's CoChiefs Step Aside
I guess tajboyd is seeing that gamecocks defense is way above average..his jersey is green..lol...clemson..eating his words
Kill me Now no sleep for 24 hrs Ah!!!!!!!!!
I can't I'm about to eat lol I'll DM you right now : lol
I'm Hungry!
How unbelievably ignorant and inept some are.
I hate how I live in Joplin and haven't met Christofer doctorw
Show today Swinefest we go on at 3 hope to see you there.
New song posted Long Time Coming Check it out.
Specyphi
llorante he deserved it fought hard till he made it
hello aweful Arthur!
hey bobannon  stacey, todd and I are teaching an online edu tech course for teachers.
Check out the blog  love to connect
nowplaying Tattoo forever
have a great show.
Looking forward to next time as well
stop parking in my spot.
pleasethanks
I'm open to care packages at any time.
hey I just joined Twitter to my photo bucket account
My nex son will be named Wolfgang.
Just sayin...
When she was just a girl She expected the world But it flew away from her reach And the bullets catch in her teeth.
when are you going to come to Peru?
looking like a pretty good possibility.
Still gonna be my friend?
Lol
Once I hit 50 followers, I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE soap, body butter, sugar scrub or lip balm!
Please RT!
Multiple Intelligences with Whole Brain Correlations for iiMod Program posted on Facebook Raul Aldape iiMod.
English  Spanish flyers also.
I love how car salesmen try to rob you.
Not happening today boss.
considering strangling several patients and one coworker.
Maybe two.
Muller: World Bank's decision to make data open meant forgoing funds from selling data.
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Treat your skin with TLC.
Dont overdoctor or irritate your face with harsh cleansers or hot water.
you even look older today.
Maybe it is the corset pooh getup.
Pick somewhere classy to eat.
What am I saying?
You're like 10
well thanks for the invite!
Rude!!
Good music,though.
Chris Davis says not a shot when I asked him if he available to pitch tonight for
Happy Mothers day!!!
Hope everyone has had a great weekend.
RT wish I had some of Joe's bacon for the snowpocalypse.
I was asked to define passion  to me, it's competence and character on FIRE!
Summer 2012, hurry up!
We will be playing Synopsis for your chance to win tickets coming up next!
thanks for the rt :
Loving the June/July issue of and can't wait to try so many of the recipes
nice//: Forgotten BS fact: OKState beat two SEC teams on the road this year: Mizzou and AM.
SeeWhatIDidThere
Ugh.
that thought gives me a twitch.
I'm wanting to find a spot to display some photographs.
I've never exhibited any of my photos for the public
I know CA is....
And cuddling is always good
make money
But the leo doesnt!!
RT : I APPRECIATE IT!!
Enjoyed the debate this a.m.
Perhaps the ?
is more about personal v.
corporate blog.
Both need personality and opinion.
same me and my mom were just talking about you !
Puking in toilets makes me barf.
I get so grossed out seeing people passed out with their head resting on the seat
Thank You for supporting and spreading the word.
We really appreciate it!
Opening light JUST started!!
Excitement is in the air!
Break legs ladies!!
I know but still it has gotta be a big disappointment for them.
New OBEY Summer collection in store Tank's , Tee's, hats
Awh baby!
I can not wait to get home and hold her and give her kisses all the time!
Five Guys Food Coma
Only 5 days left to vote for !
Help us win 10,000 in Ikea Products by texting LIFE40 to 62345.
My 3 year old niece goes HAM when Glad You Came and What Makes You Beautiful plays.
FUCKING LEGIT.
's grandfather thinks me, her, and are in a gang.
We have costumes too.
Im Kelsey, Riss is Anna, Jax is Tanya.
What a hot day for the Boston Marathon.
Good luck, everyone!
crying myself to sleep.
Computer assessments, cost analysis, annual appraisals...it's shaping up to be a busy week!
you are my idoll!!
i think thatyour the best singer to ever live and i look up to you so much!
please follow me!!3
Feel free to repost this if you're an idiot.
Hrm...Will my research be the first to compare rural village food sharing patterns with remittance patterns in the same cultural context?
And now we're to the point where we piss each other off
This heat is tough on our pets too  try to walk your dogs before 10AM and after 8 PM; and always have water available for them.
RT if you like girls
Georgia State football schedule stuff.UNC!
Florida!
Charlotte!
Atlanta Journal Constitution
Yet another reason to be glad I was never a Boy Scout.
thanks for the follow!
Oh I see so u are jealous and feel disrespected I feel your pain
Welcome to the
aww..
Lucky.
I still haven't been.
:/

KRISTEN WANTS THAT KITTY
Sock awareness day.
What the fuck.
You're retarded, you've always been retarded
Yup, I'm officially on my way back to LA for break nigguhs!
Earth day is this weekend.
It is a perfect time to reflect on what you can do to promote ecofriendly living
Is the Opry Mills mall open yet?
Maybe moving back to Nashville and would love to know!
truth RT Indie music doesn't get the love it deserves.
It's so difficult to get your name out there..
1 of the greatest movie rivalries of all time?
Bill Murray vs.
Gopher.
I come out as the winner though as I watch Caddyshack while I work.
you're welcome!
:
no it just says general admission?
I'm confused!
thanks sis : much love back
gympetpeeves when old people stare at me
sure but hoowwww
I been here ducks for cover
YESTHANK GOD HE IS SOME BETTER TODAY HE DOWN TO 3HR TREATMENTS TODAY MIGHT BE HOME BY WEEKEND PRAY HE IS, HUGS FOR U
why are you so antagonistic to women artists?
Want to know why your TODOLIST is not working.
Because it can not complete the tasks themselves.
Every task needs some action behind it.
Im still up...
that's cool.
outside on the patio, alas.
I should have made him tale his shirt off and flex something.
RT Anyone in DC looking for a roommate?
Have a friend at AULaw who needs a place to live.
Please RT
Just when I thought you were different you go and prove me wrong.
Packers, Steelers would be the Super Bowl of Alltime greatest Super Bowl Champions.
Who doesn't want that???
I'm pretty sure it's not whatever is going around but still lots if colds in my office
I don't think I've upgraded it lately.
I just noticed all my social media widgets disappeared and my custom menu won't show.
Come on 4 o clock...
Release me to this weekend
Here comes the bench mob...
will do :
Do you ever just sit in the car alone for a little quiet time?
what happened to us skypeing today?
You are not old.
You're just chronologically gifted.
Damn is gonna do an austream and ofcourse i have to go to bed...
My life sucks...
:
i got her the office merch and some rings :3333333333
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMEDD.
Dear Guys, don't wear skinny jeans unless you have a nice buttox for me to stare att.
Seeking a Legal Reference/Research Librarian in Palo Alto, CA.
Our client is a prestigious, global law firm that offers a generous salary!
Oh my gosh!
And apparently since October?
We haven't been to that side of Main Street yet.
We must be avoiding the traffic jam.
People thing you acting funny but you said things that hurt me so of course i'm go fskw
Is there going to be a miniTOC SF?
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
Henry Ward Beecher
Woops  should have used the tag  FreeFest.
Who is still there?
Having fun?
listening too that quality of life track right now.
That's what up tho!!
Hey guys  Buffer  why you no return emails?
I need help on the floating Digg Digg bar and no one has emailed back in weeks...
These velvetlaced bananas are a real classy bunch
I just ended a battle quick on the kobe vs.
Lebron topic.
Seriously, not everything they put out is a masterpiece.
That double disc was lovely, though.
STLCards win.
Because if they didn't win, they would no longer be my favorite team.
Until tomorrow...morning.
Two days and 3 hours of sleep.
Finally bed time.
: I miss so much : miss u too bebe

Thank for tour of CoWorking in Fed Hill.
Great to see the setup and I'm excited for your early success!
I'll figure it out sometime but fuck it
Maybe!
June will be a rough month so its iffy.
you going?
Sound is terrible on the Oscars.
In Matilda a fat kid eats chocolate cake.
SNAP!
So yes I've seen it and her powers are far insiginificant than allmighty Jedi.
when did you get on twitter?
Disagree!
RT : Watching LOST is like watching Sims interact without the WooHoo.
hey i have an idea, lets stop wearing more make up than clothes.
Thanks.
he think he balln cause he got a rental
Not yet...yet.
thanks for the nice picture!
Don't forget TONIGHT at 7:30 come to IMPULSE HIPHOP with !
In that sdgdhrhetahf kinda mood.
I know not to mess with him from those jack links commercials.
:
Scanner Monitor: Between Sable and Chambers off of Mississippi.
Natural Gas Leak.
Blowing it from the north
Working today, rocking out with to his brother Noah DJing tunes from Bisbee on Community radio is awesome.
Happy Hump Day!
What's everyone listening to?
Do you feel alive yet??
Awesome.
What's your email addoctorss?
I'll doctorp you a note with the meeting info.
Thanks!!
warrenchristieed: DEV, NYC?s New Seed Fund For Digital Media ...
reading Siren in Waiting by  wondering how these people r ever going 2 get together.
Can't wait to find out!
the host just disconnected.
What's up?
Should I call back in?
.haha  RT : I hope that's a new weed strain.
RT : .gonna hit Universal :
Truth.
Let's not forget SewerShut of Chicken Assholes.
Gotta love a 12 hour day doing hair...
Feeling robbed and stifled.
We're still going to the US Open, but spectators now only.
No good Delofted coverage.
I just finished my speed writing!
thanks!!!
it was good!I wrote an entire third act.
Probably no danger, but I don't know that I really want to share my UUID with a Russian security firm
I wanna go...but my mom laughed at me when I asked for tickets...
that's the name of the game man.
No worries there
it seems spring has stopped by for a visit  LOVE this weather!
I don't want to be choked, I want to do the choking.
That's what I meant by I like to choke during sex.
Sleep, you illusive creature.
RT : I don't care willow.
Mean girl
it was mixed.
Some folks definitely thought social media was irrelevant.
Watching Chicago with :
When baking, follow directions.
When cooking, go by your own taste.
he dnt know what he be talking about lol
Talking about women's sport on sbchat.
Thought you might be interested!
Just got done covering WPS.
Pretty good input
Also up next at NewWaveofJournalism: Journalist's Guide to Social Media w/ webjournalist, 
That is crazy.
I'd have built shelves from that size.
Remember when Alex kept spitting on me and so I punched him in the face like 5 times.
So thankful my office has a TV
Try gender on the web now!
Running some errands and looking forward to West Coast Swing dance lesson.
Hi..
Do you have the list of gifts for Baby Boy, if you have please share it with me...
19 min remaining in NLC Title Game!
11 High Point 4!
fearthefin Let's Go Ladies!!!

by my house
These storms are chill.
With my bros and
Eating fries on my bedoctorom floor with azra doctornking out of huge pimp cups from germany and britian
Happy mothers day to all of you hard working beautiful mothers of thw world
Shit, I'm so exited
Evil hiding among us is an ancient theme.
John Carpenter
We are looking forward to watching the first part of the series tomorrow night!
ha yeah it's great.
Learning a lot of useful information...
Not
I'm having a serious moment.
I can't handle right now
i understand ;
Sons Of Anarchy Season 5 Casting: Jimmy Smits amp; Chuck Zito Join Show
So watching Contagion is the like prequel to any zombie movie ever.
Great pick.
We went with Star Trek: First Contact for the time travel episode, but I'm thinking your choice is better.
Hey everybody 3 I am at school right now and I have russian .
tweet me please?
So bored.
In reference to time, are you Early or Late to appointments?
I'm always early, why are doctors so late?
More than a little frightening...
Shout out to T.J.
High School Sci  Tech Men's  Women's Cross Country teams going to the State Championships in Plains, VA on Sat, Nov 12
RT : Tunein to on 98.9 The Buzz tomorrow at 9:00.
Knighthawk rookies  will be guests.
follback ya doctormmer ;
I'd have assumed the cause of agitation to be the arrest.
But what do I know?
LAPD is paid not to be nervous.
I'm black and I'm proud
Follow our Mannagementt team
yeah.
I'll be over at the other restaurant in a couple hours.
I'll get then to you then.
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.
Marion C.
G I hope everyone has a wonderful Mother's Day!
i am a lady.
Lmfao !
Shut up !
Who is Justice Beaver?
Goodnight everyone...
Busy day tomorrow....
I bet she got smelly feet and union smelling underarms
Cause I wuv you and would miss you more than lots.
And I didn't hug you goodbye.
: For each time you smile you will find it is true somebody, somewhere will smile back at youHelen Steiner Rice
Dear John ChanningTatum 
This Wednesday's West Side walking tour will focus on urban renewal history on the West Side.
Should be fun!
packing for jersey.
aww man !
Lol i addicted you to his CD Didn't i ?
:
i wish i could understand the meaning to what i presently know.
I like a challenge!!
Sn: feeling how this weather looks, ugh!!
If you get a chance to give an honest review of DCSP, it'd be much appreciated.
I keep thinking today is Friday since tomorrow we have off for the holiday.
In the studio
Mitch and Ali u got one darn cute kid!
Have a great weekend
I fucking love you so much!
Awesome!
Thanks :
follow she is on fire!
THE QUEEN OF DANCE MUSIC
Watching Melrose Place.
Rhonda just said, I'm teaching cardiofunk in ten minutes.
im new nd im lookn for celebs to follow :
Crazy busy week.
Preparing grants is time consuming!
Anyone have any tips?
thank you :D
Awesome hang with finished by moving a monster of a piano that he bought on the cheap!
waiting for my computer to be fixed....
Congratulations to and on merging and becoming I can't wait until I'm apart.
It's about time.
Glad Oliver Perez finally came to his senses.
oh no i have to break the seal
Racism still exist because the people who don't suffer from it, don't stand up for the people who do.
Oh shit, there it is, No matter how many times I've seen Season 3 of the Wire, almost gotta feel for Cheese when he shoots that damn dog
Just walked the Buffalo Bayou trail with the family, it's really nice out there today.
Hey district...
Where are you going for happy hour?
Star Tours has something like 7 different stops now.
Multiride fun!
What is the woman that got 4men in a very small room and they seem to only notice her ??
No fights No Hating!!!
1 want  HER!!!
Choose ME!
Today's BTU inspiration: I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
Gerry Spence
OH: I thought Wil Wheaton was somebody on Twitter
Honestly i have thoughts about sayong goodbye .
i keep a lot inside, how else would i survive in this world?!
That was lovely 3
Will they announce the 2012 ACL line up already!
I'm dyin over here!!!!
haha glad i could be of assistance!
I will talk to joe as soon as i get back on the bus
On another note, my foot is asleep.
Dying!
i hate how u dont no how much it hurts that u have time to make tweets and facebook updates but cant text me back...
:/
Are people that are from there freaking out at all?
The state of steak?
Check it out Chris Artinian will be appearing on FOX Business News today at 11:40am CST today
Off to school...relay for life tomorrow!!:
let me know if it works.
I'm kind of skeptical.
Ready for the disaster that is gonna happen after tomorrow.
lol better stop you .
you know you got stalkers on twitter .
fuckin bird ready to tweet tweet tweet her beak away lol
DIDNT MISS MUCH....NO SEXY CATS FELL FROM THE SKY :/
yeah, I never really got into that whole sharing thing lol
Pretty sure that Godaddy uses customer s instead of aliases as well as ridic passwords to keep customers from stopping renewals on domains.
that deserves a blank stare and possibly a raised eyebrow
No men living are more worthy to be trusted than those who toil up from poverty.
quote from Abraham LIncoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
uglysiskhloe  ?.
Really ?....
Idiots made this trend...
I wanna smack this ho
that's amazing :
honey you have messages from me check them out
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Josh Billings
lol thank you though :
What an awesome sunny morning in Seattle.
Happy Tuesday....
oh yes that would be a brilliant idea!
Lol :
Thank you for the notice, we will investigate.
Love it!
Man, I used to love WordPerfect!
WE BACK!!!
So bored
: Stoked to enjoy Jesus YPS today.
Pray for God's favor to soak every word I speak for His Kingdom./grateful for u
Need I ask how this happen?
i love you more babymomma!
Our Fishing Rod Racks make great gifts!
How did u get him to follow u guys?!
lol
My dad is comming back on Friday :
OMG PASTEL 2012.
Let's do it.
NYC?
yeah is werid
Thanks!
Good seeing you too.
Tom Izzo in statement: And Im pleased to say I am here for life at Michigan State.
Chennai folks: Which bookstore bears comparison to the Oxford in Kolkata?
With Stoudemire out now, I don't think this hurts the Knicks all that much, Melo will be more of an offensive factor now.
I go through phases too.
And this way I can keep up with sports, and you can keep up with books!
haha.i wish i could text you so i could send you the pic me you and me.
Your really funny!;:
We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth  somehow have a corner on God.
Desmond Tutu
I love JOAN RIVERS
MY WIFE AND SON IS HOME WHY O WHY DO I FEEL SO ALL ALONE!!!!!
also, I can't wait till I can go up norf with you fools.
Probably not a good idea to have had about 50 oysters at harborhousemke before a my 5k tomorrow.
the skinny red fox waslked under the boring dog.
not sure.
id guess 230, 3
YMCMB will not be doing ANY shows in the Omaha area...
Smdh
He don't wanna play behind Dee he's jr yr at KENTUCKY!
goCats RT : Shabazz going to unlv
Huzzah!
Envelopes are made.
I love the pictures in the pdx Finder magazine for making envelopes.
YES!
Like I'm Not Hating Or Anything, but she did.
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported us.
It was awesome to play Vaudeville for the first time, thanks for the love.
1st race since going Paleowow, what a difference in stamina and recovery.
I'm no superstar but kind of feel like one anyway.
Genetic testing to see which meds work for you?
cool
Black people dont never be on time, yea im talkin about u
long ways lol
it's the least I can do ;
Great coach wish her the best!
RT : Knoxville News reporting Pat Summitt steps down as Tennessee women's head coach.
iTunes shuffle just took me from The Stooges to Belle  Sebastian.
Yess : Thank you
Making my way to the corp run.
So far I haven't passed out yet.
Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself  and thus make yourself indispensable.
Andoctor Gide
Best wishes!!
I 3 u from the moonback From across town back to the high school and x8 around the track Then to wherever u are!
I met u in chicago florida after the mardi gras parade do u remember me?
Check out the Badger Career Network Facebook Fan Page!
Let the Wisconsin Alumni Association help along your career path!
The new era
Check out our new Ep Edge of Collapse now on Itunes!
more closing issues?
Sorry to hear you are frustrated!!
Hope it all works out.
thanks for the mention!
URock!
NameAFollowerYouSmashed Aha Sit Back And Relax...
What is the most important thing you find at the MOMS Sale on March 12th?
And how much are you willing to pay for it?
Crosstraining took it out of me tonight but tomorrow will be a cool 3 miles.
Can't wait.
Did i really just wake up?
This makes the Titanic song way more sad.
Got accepted to the Masters of Music Horn Performance program at San Francisco Conservatory!!!!!!
: : :
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard
we sat in 109 with you guys a few weeks back and now we are obsessed.
Chanted for shark last night in 136 too!
but on the real i had hella fun with my group doin the project
We want to thank the great people from for manning our phone bank tonight!
Oh.
I thought it got a limited release somewhere.
It was the only film I saw at Lone Star Film Fest this year
Thanks!!
So excited to be back!
: RT Welcome back!!
Pretty poor fourhit outing by the offense again.
Something needs to change.
Given no word on Gasol, I need to start Ant Rand this week.
Do you think he continues to get big minutes?
Im good.
A little busy today running around with errands, but I'll make it hahaha
i knw, a lot of people feeln tht way right now lol.
ive been busy haha.
im good tho, how r u?
thanks for sharing!
you're a lifesaver.
gimme a quick follow so I can send a DM
Awake :I
Today is Speak in REM Lyrics Day.
I only know words from the first 4 albums, but fortunately it's not the end of the world.
Basically...
ALL details go in one ear  out the other
Tears flowed from my eyes.
I'm so very sorry for your loss.
I said a special prayer for you  your family tonight.
Much love
thrilled is back on!
Asphalt ceiling  much more oppressive than the usual glass ceiling.
WOW!
Would the Packers be able to get that for Flynn?
Getting our Twitter account live in anticipation of our Grand Opening.
Follow us to get in on our launch giveaways!
YouWereCuteUntil you lied about your age.
if i didn't know you, i'd rather not know.
if i couldnt have you, i'd rather be alone.
lmao......my kids said to me what did u do for fun growing up without ps3 and internet?
I said we used to Play out side
thanks for the RT
Still at blackbirds.
Whose got 2 thumbs and is gonna be in trouble tomorrow?
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW and ill shout you out if you ask!
bonding with my brother by clean up the house haha
haha it'd harder.
You bar the 3rd fret
sometimes i really just wanna smack people
i was in the 5th slot so i ran in the loop, probably the coolest was the leadin to bonnet carre spillway, surreal
you gettin the pool right?
well ether way you are
I didn't vote yet but santorum will be my choice offset Romney
Congrats to Big Al Jefferson, Josh Howard and the rest of on reaching the postseason!
Quite a run.
thanks again for the feature!
I'm flattered!
: happy cinco de mayo weekend everyone!
Why can't more women want the same?
One day after I get internet service fixed..the phone goes out..service means nothing to some companies these days..
We just followed your Pinterest boards!
: I can relate!
Our renditions of Happy Birthday make all the neighborhood dogs howl.
Happy Mother's Day!
I need to trade some snapbacks
Madness in the Personal Informatics workshop  6 min talk  not so mad  win!
YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen...
your whiskey still doubles as an explosives lab.
yuckalert 4 Who that's some strong stuff
What can I say?
I'm a sucker for love.
I made fun of the Royal Wedding and now I can't stop watching it.
Oof.
RT RT : Charlie Manuel just said the Phillies are playing poorly 'in all phrases of the game.
R is among the most menacing of sounds!
That's why it's murder and not muckduck.
want to know what the best thing is?
just completely ignore them.
Don't fight fire with fire.
It doesn't matter what they say
I hope he has incredible metabolism!
Cuz far knew I had dem 20's n big fat
Bard seems to have settled down.
Red Sox up 43.
Who else read fiftyshadesofgrey ????
Another Beautiful day!
Today's special is a pastrami sandwich!
Don't forget your side of greek fries!
Oh, that's right.
Vest is an undershirt there, isn't it?
My apologies.
Waistcoat.
Definitely.
Kei down and limping!
I told you this dang rain not good on my guys!!
This sucks.
Not feeling it today.
Can't wait to smash my baby making me some smothered chicken rice and gravy!
If your wife is out of town  you think you are babysitting your own kids, you need a refresher on fatherhood!
Openings in Detroit: .Net / SharePoint Developers, Technical Project Managers and Coordinators, Flash Developers, and PHP Web Developers.
keep going on MSLSD you stuttering retarded troll.
You make those weirdos like The Bulldyke look half way normal.Take ur meds
The man who has no imagination has no wings
what are his cap numbers?
Honestly didn't even look
pwease follow me:
sschat, Thanks for the great chat tonight!
Jordan Grassi Band  Smith's Olde Bar this Saturday, doors at 4pm....
Are you coming?
I hope so!
Chocolate chip....?
Hahahha awesome end!
mlamobiletech they added music!!!
New record would be nearly perfect if he didn't sing about being a Dodgers fan on Only Son of the Ladiesman
a misunderstanding.
Ava's book said escaped being attacked by pirates and she got excited.
And this whole time i thought you were Asian.
Glad you could join us!
See you again soon!
Great class tonight!
Extreme cardio day and everyone killed it.
In the weight room and the gym is my trap house
You can encourage others by letting them know about Eggdoctorp or selling your own stuff and actively engaging your neighbors.
Welp...I'm sufficiently freaked out for the day.
Ha ha!
P
just was there
Okay ...
time to personally join twitter and stop hiding behind a biz account.
Stoked for 20 off with AmexWholeFoods!!
Now, what to make for dinner?
they a bunch of haters Bruce!!
You must be doing something right!
: ready for this championship run!?
GoSpursGo!!!
Whats up...
How much more school do you have left.
makes me laugh every time i watch
Good morning!
How was your weekend?
I just had a Sister enter to win Momofuku!
Amazing and well deserved.
Congratulations!
: I think some people should get two Facebook accounts...
one for each face
Life is a marathon  don't sprint and burn out.
Care for yourself and go the distance, savoring every moment!
It's about that time
new website is up!
once i tweek it a bit i'll post a link :
5 Beautiful Road Bicycles  1 Woman  PhotosSelectismcom  road bikes women
Rooting for
Congrats : Start doctornking!!
RT Passed all of my boards!!!
I'm an RDH whoo hoo
'He said he wanted to fk the st out of me..' Mariah Yeater  LOOL and I ate a krabby patty on my purple unicorn in Narnia yesterday .

FatherGod made our Lord Christ who knew no sin; to be sin for us  we are made the righteousness of FatherGod in our Lord Christ.
Sometimes that right person was there all along...
but you never saw them because the wrong person was always in their way.
We reported you for spam, but would rather report you for your heinously bright smile and botoxed face....
OMG!last sunday i went to my cousin who are marrie i see a boy is so cute,cool,hamsome,nice he told i was so beautiful,THX DARLING!
PEACE DAY 2011 Entertainment  Fun for the WHOLE family...
FREE!
FREE!
Saturday, May 14, 2011 1350 S.
Sepulveda Blvd.
LA, CA RETWEET!
I speak for the weak hearted and rejected and not just myself.
I pray for the depressed and stressed and not only me.
I defend courtesy!
We often forget to fully live in the present.
Like I said, your moment is coming...
be patient and enjoy each moment.
: 
You are darling!
how's you english project coming?
Happiness is blackout stout
A moment to think about who I will meet today and what we can share.
Perfect that's when I was thinking.
RT those specials for me please, kind sir.
Other phony memories from Mitt's childhood: Inventing the cotton gin, Seeing Mozart in concert,  Hearing War of 1812 updates on the radio.
It's so cool I couldn't read the story!
I love my brothers room...
Shower3 then off to bed!
:
really can't tell but seems science oriented...
now that u have a license u have no excuse 2 say u cnt chill with me cuz u can doctorve 2 my Plc :
We love your work !
Looking forward to an IU reunion soon!
I just sold all my stock so I can unleash some beautiful vinyl on you in the next couple months.
Stay tuned.
Great strategy session with the development team this morning...
2011 is going to be a great year for empowering and tracking social...
Good Luck!
ONLY 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL PIATHLON!
Who's ready for pudding wrestling or to pieapal!
.
Just me  .
Between the promise and the product there is always the process.yes It takes time for our...
Bitch you wasn't with me recording in the lab!
DID YOU FORGET THE PHONE WORKS BOTH WAYS?;
Jeffrey has now been ordained and elevated from Brother to Reverend!
Please join us in welcoming Rev.
Jeffrey to the ministry!
Svr Tstorm warning expires for Blue Earth, Brown, and watonwan Counties.
Sounds great!
We'd love to work with you!
why do republicans hate gay marriage?
They sure don't hate gay prostitutes
y ya'll coworker keep running up and down this damn isle?
Lmao!
chichin!!!
Come and say goodbye to Perry Merkel today.
Free doctornks all day until 5 p.m.
to celebrate his retirement.
Never succumb to the temptation of bitterness.
Martin Luther King Jr.
I always have fun at the Hunter house :
in car listening to power 96 baby
WowMy site is red and greenwho changed the colors?
Anyone ever have this happen to them?
I hope I am in a tent, sleeping, 24hrs from now.
12 hrs frm now, I'd better be packed.
10 bucks says Danny Ocean will be in my doctorams 2night
Tip: Critique a website for what it is  what it needs to accomplish, NOT what you want it to be and what you think it should say.
VDay on the road for us listening to the sweet sounds of Rick James.
Now that's romantic.
Congrats to theblackkeys!
2 piece bands rule.
hiey there :D
No lie
LN2012 discussion Why so workers form unions?
Straight acting gay boys wellimattracted honestboys
So, basically, I can't use the Internet until I watch Mad Men, otherwise it's just the Spoilernet.
Thanks, Internet, yay!
THANK YOU!
I just received 2 free passes to any/all museums for mentioning Volunteer Month.
Twitters just somewhere to go when there's no one to listen.
dies from mighty green fist bump
Last full week of school.
I always look to the system for a solution.
If a challenge arises I use a system correction before I look for a people correction.
I use...
We had the BEST time today!
Can't wait for more tomorrow.
Thank you!
SaySomething makes me wanna doctorp everything im doing and dance3 PERFECTION 11
NO PINK SLIME in our meat supply!!
Another reason to go organic, eh?
It isn't designer food...it's REAL food.
What's the 85 percentile rule?
He showed today he has what it takes for the Belmont, its the Preakness we need to worry about
I've gotten great results from radio campaigns but costs  Nice to switch it up in age of internet
My favorite skater is Lil Wayne.
Am i the only one not watching vin's ustream?
Fml.
Somebody better record it
It took a whole week for somebody to register this.
whois geneticallydifferent.com
Good morning to recent follows and new friends and Have a great day.
Today I am thankful.
thanks for all the retweets!!!
Our lunch special runs till 4 so u've got 1hr to come in  get your 5 Pastrami Sandwich!
: IPhone coming real soon Siri, it's 1st and goal...
What's the play?
neither do I :S
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to some great socialmedia insight from the City of Angels!
I shall show you the email tomorrow :
Thinking about how only in Los Angeles would you see on a hike like I did yesterday in Griffith Park...
mom I'm sorry but your food smells like something died
Follow me ;
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away
When someone tells you its the principle of the thing and not the money, its usually the money.
y'all coming to Florida the weekend of the July 29th?30th bday party for me and 70th bday for Matante paullette!
Come thru!
when I pitched in college my pre game meal was a snickers and a subway turkey sub.
Haha try that!
Thing is, the embedded regs make it a less crappy product  medicaid expansion is HUGE.
Suspect it will be an allornothing case
That last retweet was directed to the lovely who knows all about Tagg for dogs..and Happy Mother's Day!!
hehe I'm gonna get a John Cena 1 and a Randy Orton 1 :D
jack says all time low won't be on the warped tour this year.
i haven't been to a warped tour ever where atl wasn't playing.
i'm confused.
Enjoying a great lunch with San Antonio hotel and lodging folks.
Getting a first glimpse at Aquatica today.
: RT : I don't want perfect, I want real.
my faces ugliness proved you wrong
enjoyed a hot cup of soup , yum!!!
Yes I did leave the Lucki gurlz I wish them all the best, it just wasnt for me.
But I have many new projects ahead, stay tuned
We have like 2 :p so totally come hang with us!
How much make up do you think Mary j blidge got on ?
Senior trips and events
Good Morning Thank you and have a wonderful day!!!
what i cant wait for?
the War between tweeters and facebookers!
its gonna happen!
lmbo
Welcome!
What's new in your world?
girl byee.
If you want a ass eater and somebody to finger your booty hole you can holla at your boo
yes he does he can play
what am I doing right?
Feels like everything is going wrong
Wish u were here!
RT : Go, Shasta!
And don't be nervous: you have an incredible biz that's unique  necessary.
Everyone please go follow my good friend he is new to twitter :
140 characters really count!
A tweet by a friend who just lost her job was cut off at ...now what?
I just got laid
Hi Ann!
Can us ladies in the Front Office get a Followback  you will be our 4th DCC!!!
Ladies in sports ROK!
:
NYCFashionWeek2012 Feb.1016 Snap a shot of the best street fashion YOU have seen!
Winner of best photo will get a FREE pair of SHOES!!
Good luck Robert 3
I just had the craziest doctoram about Harry Potter!
Epic haha.
Yay!
Ryan Miller to the Browns and Ryan Lindley to the Cardinals.
Good day!
Long tittie no nipple bitch !!
Kevin Hart voice.
Trying to make life better for myself.
Awful, yes.
More and more?
I haven't seen any evidence of that.
Thanks for the note.
My mom just taught my brother science by letting out an old fire extinguisher....
Should the LA Clippers/Memphis Grizzlies series go Game 7, Round 2, Game A could then be on Tuesday, May 15 from ur unkwn source
GO BiG BLUE!
Recording at the sweatbox studio, home to long sofas.
Hey Cincy!
Did You Mean Australia?
is at the Mad hatter tonight!
I've never been but it seems like a really innovative museum.
i need some metal in me this morning
RT Ask medical librarians, who are the most knowledgeable people about health sites MT : MedlinePlus Guide..
hi little diva!
I have 5 year old twins but they're sleeping.
love the new professorle pic boy!
ah yeah
But I mean I never said I hated you?
I just have nothing for you.
Visiting, work, and exploration :
I love good negotiators!
Grief often makes us act unbecomingly elsewhere when it's really that our heart's are simply sad.
I'm just about finished with these high schoolers trying me 
Why is Wilco the best band ever...Tweety is a god above men when it comes to writing lyrics
16 hour day.
Quitting time.
This is what I get for thinking, Its a little shocking the wheels havent yet fallen off of this Sox lead.
aight i'll b nice lol ; but i'll give u some rest k we can talk later on:
Haha I forgot how old my sister was for a min .

IM held in respect  prayer in face of ignorance  danger,  moderates complicit by inaction!
Thanks for the FatTuesday follows  we are looking forward to your TWEETs!
thanks for throwing Caleb a ball at the game yesterday  he was so excited!
:
yes, it needs a few tweaks but is in testing
Sylvia Angel's status: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn
On ebay Finna order me some earphones
Excuse me , could you empty out your pockets , I think you stoled my heart :
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
dayum everyones tweeting about you all down my newsfeed, what's so special?
Lol I can't tell I'm on moble
Such a terrible day!
Im in a terrible mood and people are pissing me off!
A nigga you out here at the O.co lets get high mane..
Hell Yeah DHB touchdown RAIDERS
If you aren't keeping up with mobile news  trends GoSeekSomeHelp from
So many jokes...
haha I try
People don't remember the good things as much as they remember the bad.
Do one bad thing and you're marked for life.
may attempt to livetweet some of this; will be using YPDA for tag.
follow or mute as applicable.
:
hey man, yes I am, im still working very hard and making very good progress too
Shared a secret that I've kept bottled up for years, except to the people I trusted the most.
Ive done qudd at not sayinq shit lately.!
so let me continue
Lmao bailey and that shirt.
Tweeting about THATCamp Columbus?Use the thatcamp hashtag.
Nice and short.
Unlock yr mom badge at www.influenster.com/badges we have great programs for moms coming up soon!
ya I def agree.
They wanted to make the new food plate simpler, which they accomplished.
But sad to see the steps go
linsanity knicks lin are back tonight and under the bright lights.
Snap pics of your fav linsane sign and submit to
It's our founder's birthday!
haha tiff: you are CRAZY!!
I hear you can pay fiftysomeodd bucks to get into the Starhawk beta, and it comes with a free copy of Uncharted 3!
your an idiot.
sending your twin to fight.
pussy.
link me?
about to plan for tomorrow's adventure.
XD
I'm up at 3:30am 2 take a flight 4 a gig b cause that's the type of agent I got :
Hey!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ; 3..
BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!!
Good call!
RT : A8 I literally just purchased some last week!
Better safe than sorry
WE need you.
Get to coach and try to help us understand what happen and where do we go from here.
You still down for pulled pork sandwiches?
oh yeah I saw that he got ejected I remember that but you know jermy Lin done for season
Once older people really figure out how to use twitter, it's going to cause people a lot of trouble.
Marlee has problems doing laundoctor and demands I come and give her a cigarette.
: BeautyOfIslam the high status it gives to women.//Could u explain this?
I am not being facetious or negative.
Just want 2 learn.
doctoram chaser 2 mixtape is dope
Five infielder alert.
Piano Time 
Think before you act.
i don't see how 2omf are still together.
one uses the other  the other cant be alone.
but they're both clearly unhappy...
I believe I have you down for a small..they're 12!
Let me know if you need my addoctorss again!
How are you defining quality?
na, just don't be dumb
DMs received, thank you.
: Next list: amazing singers/vocalists  thanks so much!
I'll show you tomorrow.
It's easier that way.
Man oh man, lotta doctornkin girls on my lap rite now.
LML The night was so good.
Buzzed and ready to go on a journey!
The kid is back.
Just landed in LA and back to the weight room tomorrow.
Feels so good to be back.
Text me when you get here!
I got some hookups for you!
7025565062
So my lil um did not feel real  now I keep going in  out of feeling like myself wth is going on guess this is ethics hmn
a life of science will be at both of these comicons please make sure to come check out our new comic and album
EDS launching BeSalty.com
loooveyouuu, ill see ya in a few.
I seriously need help with stats PLEASE
Cant say that I enjoy that Counting Crows cover of Ballad of El Goodo.
I have a snarky response to that, but I'm not going to send it to you until Saturday.
revenge
Let me stick my Wii in your Xbox!
OMG, I just said that...
MCNutt
going home this wknd!
ahh, cant wait:D
Hey everybody, break out your faux fur overcoats and meet me at the beach lol
Just a little work today, and then off to spend the rest of break in Chicago!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you at Fridays soon :
Thanks homegirl, it was an honor to rock with Ski
No long walks for us today.
Our trips outside are all business when it's this hot.
Kicking it off tonight with captainin America...
The only one I haven't already seen.
we were there with her too!
RT : Spotted by : Beth Leavel at
I def want to hear more about this come Feb 1.
Eat Support our local businesses!
Plus follow us and receive 10 off first session at www.superimpactfitness.com
we are looking for more girl brands!
hit us up
yeah, like 1 CD
I'm hoping that was his own decision.
R isn't that bad is he?
I'm an asshole.
So give me a rim job
Of course.
Wouldn't miss it!
yea....
wats on the menu bruh...
I love Chelsea Handler.
This sub is urking me in ways i cant describe...
I wish you were going to be at warpedtour this year D: 3
Ha!
He didn't catch that!
Basically the entire array of just started following me.
Awesome.
Now I'm hungry!
Birdies For Bunks II  doctorVE FOR FIVE 2010  Goal  new bunks  mattresses  5 dorm rooms for 2010 Wisconsin State Fair
I know what I deserve 
are you think girl who is texting me?
Get a top offer on your car today with us.
Sell us your junkcar for money.We Pay and Tow Away, Call us Today!
pizza is my valentine
um wit a lol tongue lol
'd take Jeffery over both of them.
Do not bathe.
Or wash the dishes.
Or clean anything.
CW: Who is Dick Clark?
Game Show host?
Me: are you shitting me...NEW YEARS EVE...
CW: oh I still don't know.
How the hell did all this shit happen at my job and its only been two hours
Makes my day!!
respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down
What kinds of new technology for teaching and learning do you want to learn more about this year?
I love the Back in Black segment on The Daily Show.
I'm getting really fucking sick of this.
Stop pretending you fucking care when you obviously don't.
Awww!
Hope I get to meet her sometime!
Google Circles really need math set functionality.
Intersections, nots, etc.
Would enable stronger identity functionality down the road.
imagine You're taking a shower and Louis comes in.
He stops the water and slaps ur ass 'You don't need water..
I can make u wet.' ;
I've been neglecting twitter.
Every Directioner has met One Direction either in person or in their doctorams or both
I pray to the Creator for relief to the weak: the abused and the starved, the homeless and the poor, those we can't see their pain.
RT : happy birthday to the best agent in the biz sportsbiz He's currently my SECOND favorite Adam, too
Watching Harvest with Viggle Thu  15:45  TMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Im Late You Know Wat I Say About Luck But Thanks
Walter White needs to stop bailing him out!
I'd like everyone to know I am sitting in my house wearing a new top from Kohls.
you guys are amazing3
my aunt is having a baby boy!
awesome!
oh and how the heck did mister fowler get teacher of the year at pfms??
RT : Focus on the must do's rather than be distracted by the might be's.
Jay Strack at
Gizmodo: As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of 38 per share .
What's th
I smell fried chicken in da air, luv being from da westside of da Chi..chicken smelling FYE
If you are a small business owner in mn you should be following and
Steve Kraske of said he wouldn't be showing up if he wins big lottery.
Still waiting to hear who won in NE Kanasas.
Nervous
excited about nonprofessort/social media event tonight!
Now im in my feelings and im Pissed the fuck off......
2012 Pick Up Lines: I have a full tank of gas.
lol
My special moment .
I have to unplug my vibrator to plug in my cell phone.
What a moment hearing Steve Reich's Three Movements for Orchestra  1.
Mvt 1 in The Hunger Games film tonight
I gotta start treating my girl better.
my BFF.
Lol.
RT : AL PACINO confirmed for , his experimental Doc has its Irish Premiere
no I'm sorry!
New Picket Fence Bed is about to release.
Quick production and much less expensive with same solid wood quality!
thanks for the follow!
WGSNHomebuildlife covers NYIGF every year for our global subscribers.
Always a popular report from our site.
Would love to see you guys at the farmersmarket tomorrow!
Come by for some tasty food, fruits, veggies  more!!
hahaha I still won so it's all good.
Do you ever think When youre all alone All that we could be Where this thing could go
you know what they say: less than All cannot satisfy Man.
Mad flooding on meridian  avoid the r hand lanes and careful at intersections!!
OrlandoSec We need a mature infosec community in Orlando.
Notice I said mature community, not mature members.
This is a fucking asshole of a day
Thanks for the follow Michelle!!
:
Daughter just saw on FSN and said, Hey, is a pitcher!
: Aries often are unwilling to obey or submit to directions unless there is a very good reason to.
They lead, not follow.
Josh Hamilton going HAM on tarp at OPACY.
Too bad he didn't tear his ACL.
ur LOCAL Acupuncture Chiropractor Massage or Physical Therapist may have samples.
Call 4 a local source 8002253963
Mark Fantasia, Live, this Saturday Night at 9pm till 1am!!
Come spend the night with friends at Scotland Yard Pub.
MIOBI was just on Jeopardy!
Category MTV asking which show Emily Kmetko is a gymnast onnow we REALLY need to
network.
if it was my phone obviously other people wouldn't be complaining
great, that is exactly what I did I plugged it in.
Grrr.
I KNOW YOU REALLY DID THAT TO ME.
And I love it:
I would like a closer relationship with some people....I need to start working on that
I think it's time to lighten up a mood a bit...
and my hair!
which one?
no ...
lol and he just did i guess?
Php Developers in LA, PM me as I have a job lead for you in the Valley
T4: Patients are the customers of healthcare.
If they believe in accountable care then the market must adapt.
INTERESTING STAT: The Packers are 120 when playing other NFL teams this season.
Waiting Up 
Know of anyone seeking a remote Financial  Business Reporting Analyst to conduct business for them on a parttime basis?
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Sure, where at?:
When kfc forgets my mac and cheese..
When your down listen to them kick you with clever wording
Five different readings of this one line across 6 different editions/issues/states I've identified so far, all published in the same year.
I need money.
follow back ?
Capitals extended their winning streak to 8 games today with an overtime win against the defending champion Blackhawks.
: This is the 1st time since 1980 that no Florida, FSU or Miami player was taken in 1st round.
NFLdoctorft ouch
Packin no bag, nothin but the clothes on my back.
i need something to do tonight!
I've always wanted to be a procrastinator, I just never got around to it.
It is going to be the most fantastic weekend!
Make sure to stop by to get your bike tuned up before Saturday!
yippee you are home!
xoxo
Hey it's Selena i hacked my friend Demi :
worked on 2 photo shoots today.
Now its time to relax and edit some photos
that works for me!
I'll DM you for your email.
Yay!
omg yes I had to doctornk a ton of wAter before mine then they press to hard not cool
You are the Prototype.....Andoctor3000Voice
Looking forward to seeing the pix!
the awkward moment when your phone grows legs and gets lost
But totally worth it to have you back in the USA!
Nyc taxi doctorvers don't fuck around.
even though you divorced me for a straight guy I love you :
best tweet in months on here.
meet next week?
no baseball.
But we do have flappers from the jazz era
Worst timeout ever.
My new found favorite board game is Taboo!
I like jary
if they make a toy story 4, Liam should play Andy.
ok .
Why do cabs honk at people as if they'll all of a sudden realize that they need a ride somewhere?
worstthingintheworld , A Blackout .
I have to shit
MBAs are so expensive.
But you are out of debt and 85 done with it?
Stiles poor hand that gotta hurt LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Most of the ascedians are working from home today except for the fearless who hiked it in.
Who's notorious now?
Nicki mnaj fan?
Than follow this girl
that track goes in majorly bruh did his fucking thing  legendary
yes, that would be a quite a workout
Everything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso
Should go to the gym this morning but I may just stay in bed reading blogs and doctornking tea.
In so few characters?
True!
Over 600 museums just in Minnesota.
Anyone know how many is USA?
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Thanks for the mention!
Me and my daughter shakes it!!
its like In KNOTS!!:0
Looking forward to seeing Act Like a Lady think Like a Man
Stop complaining, I promise someone else is having a harder time with life right now take what youve been giving  make the best of it
I break up w/ him everyday too he sucks!.
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 19:Upland doctorgon Fly Indiana IPA
Major Russell's father only had a 6th grade education and worked his entire life with 23 jobs.
His parents were a big influence on his life
Alright I'm done with you hater.
Yay!!
Can't wait.
So glad this barrage of Masters tweets will cease tomorrow.
The moon is so awesome.
Blood moon
: Dear therapist, I might actually come see you if your job title didnt spell out the rapist Sincerely, not lying down.
of course!
My alarms set for 4 hours and 28 minutes
New session of Practice Tweets this morning with 
really excited about the concert in phoenix..I DO NOT LOSE FOR NOTHING IN THE WORLD..I have to travel but no matter :
Although colorblocking is a fun trend,it can b very tricky.There IS a method.
B sure 2 put the right colors 2gether in the right areas.PD
Do girls not know how to text something interesting?
The problem with spraying the inside of my stove with oven cleaner is that I now have to followup on it.
I don't like when people unfollow me, but I definitely don't make a big deal about it.
Ur body detoxifies when u fast
fuck a six pack !
you skinny fucks
we're trying to email you but your contact us form is down.
What's the best way to email you?
will Tyler manage to get over his sire bond to Klaus so he can be with Caroline?
Bro asking to use your home studio for nonmusic activities...
69 for our Hot Stone Facial!
Save 20 this week!
Melt your stress away and leave with glowing skin!
Absolutely.
Sushi this week!
YEE getting a new phone
My new life begins tomorrow morning.
I move out of my parents house and start at Moto restaurant....life couldnt be better
What's your problem?
Well, my parents were actually brothers...
I guess I meant people that aren't blind.
Everyone thought Roy O was blind, but he wasn't.
Hi Catherine  Thanks for the follow.
Cooking up delish Brazilian food for book release tomorrow evening!
Want in?
DM me!
winner of this game takes the series
Flipboard is officially the app that makes my iPad worth every dime.
Loving it.
NERD HIGHLANDER
lmao how she like the cutest college player there is
i can personally recommend the strawberry  cream gelato at splendoras.
it is amazing.
RT : today's mail: Sometimes mistakes lead us to wonderful places.
everyone has an asshole friend,if you don't you're the asshole
RT : I don't want to party, I want to work.
But like a job that lets me party.
Congrats to professor Lusby and founding members of the Mob Tech Club at MDC for holding 1st meeting today!
Dude what r u gonna b downtown?
mistertwo Dozen
I stroll to Pick 'n Save for my beer purchases.
getting seizures from your flicking pic too!
But it does stand out...
If there is a god valverde closes the door here!
The Singularity is Near film debuts at Sonoma Film Festival April 1518, 2010 with a special screening on April 16 2010
Chapter 2012 Page 96 of 366 Challenging myself to step out of my comfort zone
did u get my g/m text?
:
Wasn't that Barney Rubble's son?
hope you had fun tonight!
thanks love!
Haha definitely wasn't competitive!
OK twitterites.
If you are posting to push a business, do not follow me!
Do not post to me!
I can and do block and report spam to Twitter.
We provide the music, the audience provides the silence
Good night: gotta be at my school at 7:45 to test.
I just need one quick look at my study guide.
CommonsMondays  A series of beer  music events that will SURELY take off the edge  COME JOIN  5PM 
Walker's Pint will be raffling off Rachel Maddow tickets for everyone doctornking tonight!
Don't forget about their karaoke at 9:30!
Who is participating in the XML workshop on the 10th of May?
Hi!
Wow.
Um.
I got nothin.'
I sorta love the stuntness of it.
Next up: Snooki from The Jersey Shore writes columns on boxing.
my fave: Dance is recognizing  communicating our collective conscience, our interdependence, through the moving body.
Sahar Javedani
Wait.
Whats this about Danger Snack giving away concert tickets on Monday?
Oh, I should check out your FB page?
Okay.
finally made it home!
just got up a little bit ago.
The fates wanted me to stay in LA!
:
I'm still waiting for that game of hide and seek in McDonalds!
Wait, was it hide and seek?
I not afraid of the things I do, I am more afraid of the thing I don't do or wish I had done.
Looks like a great conference!
The President's Cup begins this week!
Go Team USA!
yea we just need to get playing  as we go along we'll get to know them some people didn't like JC and nibbles in the beginning
to mass to come get me3
It's that time of year again!
The HalfOff Hotel Sale starts Nov.
17th, do you have your halfoff hotel picked out?
We're one of...
If you have it in your Heart, and an EXTRA Coat in your closet or one that doesn't fit...or even if you can AFFORD to buy a NEW one, just f
Taht awkward moment when you see your crush at Fredmeyers and you are with your dad and older brother...
Its going to be nuts this thursday !
empire records is one of my fav movies too.
definitely looking to pick the soundtrack up tomorrow
hey jealousy, hungry heart
hah was on a sewing machine, but this year it'll be ready to go for you.
Thanks for reaching out!
Thanks for your tips about twitblock  good helpful info.
New cinemapocalypse coming this evening.
Join me, , and disco as we rant about the new releases.
Same here, but I only cut the cord days ago.
Will never go back...
I thought last night's speech was the most presidential of all the campaign so far
oh.
thank you!
I didn't know that!!
I've just been waiting!
now It's downloading.
: YAY
Oh, that's right, blame it on the phone!
RT My phone is avting extreamly stupid:
: Had a doctoram last night that I met ...if only that'd actually happen now!
3  it'd be better if I was there!
Two guys in park doctornking boxed wine just gave me a thumbs up.
So, I've got my plans for tonight: threesome!
RT New Special: Beef Frank w/ standard toppings, fries canned soda or iced tea for 6.75.
Get over here!
: Bahhh...someone suggest a song for me to listen to!!!Mario galaxy soundtrack
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits.
W.
Somerset Maugham
your welcome
Hence why he is coming back in the gameRT : Manu has been mostly good, but the second unit has been brutal on off when Tony isn'tin
what does that mean.?
OO
I'm a little down right now and need some uplifting :
Idiots.
: Official: NBC will never learn.
RT : WHITNEY is renewed
if coffee were booze i would be hammered all day
FINALLY MY TWITTER IS BACK TO NORMAL ALL THESE AlexLovesUs were making my twitter Crazy xD
can't argue with that.
YES I CAN!!
RAISE IT!
Final from PNC: Pirates 4 Nationals 2
Sometimes that is a lie too.
Folks just don't want the responsibility.
knicks got me tight!!!!!!
I'm getting a Young  Reckless shirt!:
then they break into song.
: Delegate takes the time to mention American Idol .
NVGOP
Don't take any stuff from Joe!
I dont know but hey :
You've got that one thing ;
Dang you have a lot of followers.
Haha
April is tossing rainbows!
iConference magic!
ATT security hole exposes iPad users emails AP  AT
Emanuel touting merit pay for principals, extended school day/school year as collective bargaining achievements.
Last night was the first time I've seen Kimbrel pitch.
Possibly the nastiest slider I've ever seen.
Sick combo w/ Venters
With the vacuum pump, you can get a good week out of a bottle.
Without the pump, about half that time.
Came all the way from Anaheim to watch the last game of the season
Right back at ya!
RT : doctorpping by a hello and Happy Halloween to ITM.
Jim Demint's a moron.
I should know I'm from SC
congrats to you and now make him a cowboys fan LOL
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do.
The hard part is doing it.
Norman Schwarzkopf
We had an awesome weekend here at The SCoop!
Tomorrow's live show is going to be exciting!
Little annoying fliying bitch bugs everywhere
Legitimately yelled SAGANAKI when someone asked if I knew about the cheese at
I hope you mean nasty in a good way haha
my last RT ok
Stoked!!
RT : Rumor has it that Arsenal are making their move for What are your thoughts AO?
have you forgotten what winter is like?
you are crazy, lady :
sounds inspiring..
RT : If one doctoram should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces...
.im glad your feeling better...dm
the library sucks.
Feed me beats
Happy birthday shout to !!
well you're obviously like me more duh :
WHAT?!
ur out?
that's IT??
I didn't get hardly anytime to be really rude!
sheesh.
Twitter oughta let ME run the jail.
Ha!
OMCG don't you get it?!?
NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY!!
GOSHH!
GO AWAY
R/TI ask myself that daily.Not random at all FACT...:   Random,why are AKA's so beautiful?!!
Best books to teach kids about sex  10 years old.
Any ideas?
Are you going to NAFSA11?
Meet our staff at booth 1810!
follow me back?
Oh how I love thee.
Let's hang out u get me!
Im coming by myself to see you in ATLcan't wait!
Happy Early Birthdayy!!: My Birthday is April 24th3 We have the same birthday month ; Follow me?
3
hey babez aha :
New Orleans, 18milion renovation starting this month.
Great idea  cd be crowdsourced RT : Change your cover image regularly says
Marge's social life gets a good, but short lived, boost on tonight's episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Cape bound
I know, I know.
Still not sure what I was thinking before.
I started using it so long ago  never bothered to try anything else
You don't need a weatherman to tell you which way the wind is blowing.
Final exam time for my musictheory 4 class  musth212 They are a special group.
No one wants me to play the musical examples.
sigh
you mean when i'm shooting on chips?
On this cam it's tape so I shoot till it's full then put in a new one.
I will knock the Armor All off this bitch!
what did u eat?
Best of luck on Friday the 13th!
Stay doctor!
Bits Blog: For New Store Chief, Apple Looks Outside
RT Bout to open up a club the takes Lone Star cardsall the ratchet bitches gon be there!!!
lmao
Where is your Friday find?
Enough slaking already!
Alright let's see what you have for us today...
When I run errands before work I always forget I have to go to work at some point.
My bad
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
i'm from CC Texas,  i wanted to move to SA for you but you left now : 3
As a librarian, building relationships is the key.
Submit your resume to today!
Thank you Shirley!
that sounds like the human version of flossing!
woof!
:
Xcited bout tourney n ATL next weeknd!director called wanting info on players 4 media coming!
Your physical presence on the field will be missed.
Lucky for us, your leadership on and off the field is sure to continue!
Best scene  is a genius!
Definitely going to try out the stack CornontheCob methodW/ huge glass of milk!
love ya...
bye
I'd like to retire from the corporate world long before 67.
I'd still work, but for myself.
I'm not sure what age yet.
She always remembers!
I know about Vegas, not Chicago.
And there's a city here in SD County that already has a registry in place.
What's a better Findlay, Ohio product, Aaron Craft or Domino Parmesan Bites?
Thanks to my homie SS Dawg from Green Gardens for making a delivery to the Cave and bringing some nuke Abusive OG for me.
Time to get irie!
I got to get my Yellow Mamba shirt soon
welcome back!
Open Spotify.
Go to our album Changing Color.
Turn on repeat.
Play album all day.
We need gas for tour :
and I, sir, am not an engineer ;
It's been so long since I've used my Nook that I just realized how dirty its cover is.
Fruitbats have new CD?
Hooray!
Great book, Brock is such and interesting person.
Can't wait for your book.
hahahah wow work before the book  good self control
Thank fuck for that.
: NVM!
Just checked it on a PC.
Thanks!
How did the Web Slam go this weekend?
Sounded like a fun event.
best place to be
I love Crossfit...
even when I suck at it :
Happy to help!
Let us know if you have any other questions.
:
Respond to 039;customers.039; This is the single biggest advantage you have over the big guys.
Seth Godin
whatever, that shit's scary!
Anytime.
Can't wait to check out the art.
oh wow haha that would've sucked.
no big plans today, just writing some music : you?
Looks like I won't be playing soccer for a while.
right in my neighborhood!
by my loves!
i love u all!
3 STAND GRAND
Thx for the follow!!
Love and light.
:
hey bro thanks for the tip.
I just put the house down on Memphis
New Orleans Creole Bar in Seattle.
Me, and Greg killing some time.
Those guys r headed to Mariners, me to dinner w/ fam
CMGO  RBTI looking for big runs starting next week....
Wow she got scratches...
: Jay Cutler will lose a limb in a game this year 2011prediction against the lions that is ...
NEW SEASON OF SISTER WIVES 
bravo Joe.
No surrender.
Just got to use the site PaulaDeenRidingThings.com for an academic presentation at work.
Yes, today was a good day.
I'm Mary Kay's DIQ!
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 31:25 today, She is clothed with strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future.
if you ever need insurance, just let me know.
I will take care of you, no problem.
Totally enjoying my day off.
idk what to say to ur response.
But Im not ignoring lol
Thanks for following me, Ken.
Look forward to seeing your Tweets.
Even better, sign the petition for WellPoint to ALSO withdoctorw from the US Chamber of Commerce and to end its relationship with
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts.
So study hard and be evil.
Fair with a huncha people !
:D
i'm there!
New Sperrys and and a new coach bag!!
Good day :D
Let us know if you have any questions.
Hamilton another bomb.....good lord he's amazing to watch
Having one of those days Don't want to hit you with another Emo tweet.
Help a brother out.
that's not a diet, it sounds more like a weekend in a third world country.
A black baby named Mai Ling?!?
Really...really!
Lol
HAHA I sure am!
Thanks :
Ryan pretty please follow back?3:
lol sounds fun to write.
i hope itll be successful enough to warrant sequels such as adorno on an airplane
Full Moon in Virgo today!
Great for writing, taking care of details, communication, cleaning.
Watch out for worry, criticisms, depression
you're welcome!
You have great information to share!
Keep it coming :
I had a lot of fun at smcdc event last night!
Thx to  the entire smcdc team  my fellow panelists from 
Ski time!
Made me miss you RT : Diarrhea is a gay man's period.
2 day old pizza for breakfast/lunch, living the life
RB stations have to be getting paid, ex: Beyonce'
So you Daddy babe ?
lol

some biking in between, right?
RT :next semester...20 hrs including metaphysics, existentialism,  2 rhetorical theory courses
I miss you :
Bridgeport Arts Center  freight elevator you could live in.
Complete with couches  bar.
Sipping prosecco while taking a ride!
Cool space!
I waz in the hospital with pneumonia and ur videos helped me through the tough surgeries I had 2 go through!
Thnx Sam!
YES!
epic.
RT can I doctorw boobs on ur car windows again and leave you a sympathy card like last time?
Lol
Wanna get better?..practicedo it often any way you can,with recordings,doctorm machines,whatever it takes..DO IT!!
70 students attended Hillel for 1st Shabbat of semester.
Many of us ate standing shouldertoshoulder, but a lot of good vibes.
Awesome  we will have to check it out !
When Bailey lets me listen to Florence  The Machine in his car 
Meeting with !
Come out to in Bloomington tonight at 8pm for a show with and us!
i want to get one of your shirts FCHW...can you tell me how!
IR12 is over; thinking about HICSS!
Presenting a paper: ICTenabled City Government Field Operations:Resiliency during Extreme Events
Lauren one of the way to reinvigorate the arts is to blend them and to collaborate with other artists
That's a thing that guy does.
He's strong as hell.
Saw him do a standing press over his head with a manhole cover.
12 reps.
It's Service Industry Night at Whiskey Chicks!
All restaurant and hotel employees come enjoy 3.50 apps and doctornk specials!
On number, height, or poundage of dog?
:
lots of lucchese boots 50off in store only
A tweet you send while sitting on the shitter should have a special name.
Anyone got any ideas?
Sometimes I wish I could go to the other side
w/ the the zhantra girls...
Get back to work.
I need scripts!
Don't be so naive...
You must be a conspiracy theorist...
Ayers?
What about Keeting?
Yes Obama gets my vote and you should vote for him too.
I wonder how many of my followers are in line for TheAvengers right now.
fuck everything about today
WhyIsSBKLive not going to
Thank you for the FF!
Have a fabulous holiday weekend!
I'm sorry.
I should have told you what I was doing with the Poynter stuff.
I was just trying to make it easier for the girls.
Making Coachella happen.
Looking for academic libraries lending Kindles.
DM me.
What's the funnest thing you've edited recently?
RT : Headed to the Bradley Center for my first game of the season.
Monta and BJ gettin us the W!!
ImWeakFor Forehead kisses.
I jus got off the phone wit yoo bestfriend
Survived 23 hours of dance this weekend...now I know I can survive anything!
Great news Josh!
RT : Best Pi Day so far  my dad found out he officially beat cancer.
Thanks all for your support!
HillerHelps  Training for marriage reconciliation counselors is limited, be sure your attorney is Board Certified.
Got an email today that closed with: Cheers  Seize the day!
Well o.k.
don't mind if I do!
Casey and veggies.
C'mon Cotchery!
You gotta catch that!!
it doesn't get better then sitting beachside with your bestfriend .
Its too cold to get out of bed.
re CH: Billy knew that any emphasis on tits and ass played hell with chic.

Anything gingerbread.
It gets you in the holiday spirit at first bite!!
Ok.
Work's done, dog is up.
Time to get off my ass.
Check with ya laterz...
Her HUD voucher is helping her find a home while in college.
Studying to be a nurse!
Media blackout for me and the boys all day Sunday .
.
.
that's from that dj fula guy or whatever OH MY GOD
No Im at Buca's
Thank u for my new follower everyone
but really, who doesn't?
:
just released smash single the calling get it today  www.benjertainment.com
Jilly's law, adding criteria for determining whether to issue an order of recognizance or bail, passes
Back to school.
Yay..
Are you working at when you're in town?
I read about it in the Sun a while back  thought it might work for me
There are a lot of guys who shouldnt be in relationships or married.
Too many weak men who feel they can get away with things...just because
Trying to put on skinny jeans after putting on lotion is impossible.
and the leader of invisible childoctorn has been arrested and charged with public masterbation.
I ain't scared of the fall, I've felt the ground before...
Liam from PCH  w2s is bringing back memories of the case on PCH in the Hau Lee and Michael Marks class at the GSB
I'm working on a Bible study in Numbers.
God so wanted his people to be set apart  holy.
He still does.
Food for thought today .
.
.
I don't smoke, but I do love Hikari Mart.
I tell ya I'm always proud of he might be simple at times but the kiddo gets shit done!
Nice delivery by Samit Patel to take Azhar Ali's wicket
Hugs life is Good!!
just wait until tommorrow!
hope U awake in the morning with a smile :!
Felling him so much, but seems like he becoming distant, we don't talk or txt like usual all of a sudden : : : :
I imagine this happened during your sexually charged rendition of Happy Birthday mister President ...?
Hydoctorgen sulfide leak at East Columbus business...evacuations underway...some people being treated for symptoms...check updates on 10TV...
I once spent an entire afternoon in the stump of a tree battling a doctory of squirrels for a nut.
I like nuts.
What else can I say?
Trog
They're so old  so slow..but for kobe, anything ; And then all you can eat korean bbq LA style!
you text someone.....
Like anyone, just pick someone and text them...
;
Why haven't you told your friends about Memphis's new music Magazine, Rag and Bone  ??!!
Pass the word!
We debut soon!
what's up ?
Just getting off work, tired af.
Taking a bath when I get home  going to sleep.
thanks for the endorsement!
Procrastination is something I need to stop doing.
my niece walked in on me and my SIS watching you dvd and started screaming don't fuck the burrito
you can do whatever you think you can...
Was it b/c I said you were still lost in ATL airport  thats why I'm here: I just want to get back to my life  on the air!
I wanna talk to sampson
Listening to Carolyn Myss today.
I really do dig her.
were accepting them till Friday night at 12:00 :
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy.
It is only a button please.68
first song on my doctorve home is the biebs
Good Mornin' LORD!
I give this day to You!
o /
dont forget the sunscreen
I was just hella tired ill never miss another 1 lol wyd this week end
wlmao...how did u find that out
One year ago I was sharing a mic with !
So honored bro!
Miss ya man!
FF because they are total pros and I've been lucky enough to work with them.
A1/A2: I try not to think of things like entitlement, privilege or even meritocracy as inherently negative.
Night everyone.
Goodnight from somewhere in Michigan!
Ann Arbor was fun, and anthropomorphic cartoon giraffe women are strangely sexy.
This is all.
Christinaleona.com blogging every Wednesday and Sunday!!!
Check me out!!!!
Caps beat the Bruins in OT to advance to the next round.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe who's really going to be there for me when shit hits the fan3
Had a Ton of Fun with Danita Burnett, who was a Wonderful Passion Party Host!
Had a awesome time downtown taking pictures with Jessica Clark.
Can't wait to check out the photos, she rocks!!
:
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Ansel Adams
Hunton  Wiilliams D.C.
has added Leonard Suchyta, formerly vice president and associate general counsel of Verizon's i.p.
department.
Every Thursday is leftover soup nite!
There is grilled tofu, potatoes, tomatoes, broccoli  mushroom broth in soup!
no he's going to be in 's video!!!
will do, thank you my friend
With an emphasis on math and language in the class, social studies and history can be left behind
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Lord Acton
Loosing touch with my family ..
it's work in progress, so still trying to shape it, but will share more when I am able to express it better :
gurrll , if you need anyonee to talk to dm me on :
Life is to beautiful, but so fragile.
Every breath counts,every moment matters.
just had an odd dessert date, but came out of it feeling better than expected.
And a big thanks to our speakers, guests and sponsors for a thought provoking discussion on the nude in art!
man I could not agree more with that
WeWontWork if you're annoying...
March Madness for academic librarians!
I'm guessing that Tweet would be reversed, if the standings were switched.
Well didn't have an allergic reaction to nothin....it was just a spider bite smh
i can't watch sunsets anymore unless i skip through the commercials
It ruined my day, and I ruined someone else's, who ruined her coworkers', who took it out on their dogs.
YOU ARE SWEET TO ME.
That tweet made me smile.
Lol to funnyRT : Miguel Cotto is gonna Fuck up Floyd Mayweather ..
his dad told me to say that
I figured I'd announce it to all of Twitter, you know.
The Henry Cavill thing is a fact, Kiki...hands off!
:
My pleasure, Nick!
Awesome time listening to great insight from today thanks again doctor Levinson!
Yes at dogwood dell.
Saturday!
RT : Arts in the park this weekend!
Isn't that what it's called?
or the recall in June!
ugh.
A big thank you to for all of his work as Prez this semester!
We wish you the best of luck going forward!
girls night tonight???
I think so!
Until we have another form of physical media, besides download cards, the CD is not dead yet!
We do it all.
CDs, download cards,  tshirts
did you enjoy orlando
thanks so much
And I'm all about the road trip!
Id prob have to sneak in tho, from what you've told me, it sounds like they've met their quota lol
At work: Six pack Edition of the Political Junkie tea party candidate makes NY 26 Special Election a tossup and, so, so much more!
No prob!!
: 333 Thanks for following back!
Hey bro...how are you?
It HAS been a long time!
Almost 4 years!
Happy Easter!
Omg these two keep telling me to stop texting and listen umm i can double task
Ayola is legit!
Imogene ...
busy, active, and toiling
call Amanda !c;
I'm gonna go ahead and make the observation that is not an ESPN fan this morning.
Interesting tweets tho
Bringing it hard core to the SF!
Margin Call movie uses dying dog to symbolize the mortgagebacked securities market prior to 2008 crisis.
Dogs to lodge formal protest.
How about it ?
We're purdy.
RT : If you'd like your campus to be featured as our Twitter background send a pic via tweet
Ah, great to hear it  thanks for the heads up!
first off, learn to spell kill before you do it to me : muahaha
That made my year  Thank u for being so caring  supportive over the past year U put smiles on hopeless faces here in MO
So should've been in the finale more :P
It makes me happy that and met last week at doctorpalCon!
I Like Cheese!3.
DJ Biggs put it down at Uniontown for the old married folk.
Love how is embedded in the site to get around auth issues.
Believe it or not, you Will find more Happiness in giving then Receiving Just try it!
We played great for 37 mins in hostile gym.
time to regroup  claim what is ours.
it doesn't exist anymore
News PGA Tour Confidential: Donald rallies at Disney, wins PGA Tour money title Luke Donald came to Disney with one goal: wi
An eagle, that's awesome duder...
Daily Special, Tue 03/13/12  Delicious sloppy joe served with thick cut french fries.
While it lasts!
6.09 plus tax.
the breakfast bunch.!?
ATTN.
GOP: Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden.
Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden.
Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden.
the best way to ruin an apology is to not accept it...
Then nut check the person.
Can't wait to show off what we've been working on.
You will love it.
I find it hilarious.
RT Twitter is really a joyous place to be when the Lakers are losing.
oh girl...
When your waiter only speaks spanish
Happy mothers day mom bestmomoutthere 
haha have u started typing yet??
Hahaha .
And oops.
I meant
Ok Back to making tracks!!!!
I don't like cheese and crackers; it's oldpeople food ....
finished reading The Ice Princess by Lackberg yesterday.
loved setting  characters  can't wait for The Preacher to hit US shelves.
I swear I saw so many people at Woodworth today.
I forgot how tall you were, !
Jammin in the studio cookin up some ribs for lunch!Fellow photo dude Barrett Moore stopped by this afternoon with some prints for me!
Have you seen Larry Crowne?
One of my faves from last year.
Rita has a role in it too.
OWIF: After leaving Richard's house, the posse tracked me down by following the pizza stains and trail of Skittles!
Shout out to my new follower
Eating a cup of noodles while watching anime.
LA tonight.
Kobe's going to do work!!
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde
Celtics all day every day them boys in green are back fuck them cry baby ass Heats
In a little less than an hour I turn 17.
Seventeen years on this earth.
I'm blessed to have such a great family.
Look forward to the future
Lmaooo bye nigga RT : All pussy RT : Old pussy RT : Bitches who doctornk coffee got trash pussy
RT : RT : I experience true freedom when I accept, understand,  move on from the conditioning of the past 
Mama has to check on her baby!
Lol!
Smooches...
and I can't go anywhere without causing trouble.
: You wear Sperry's?
It must be hard to park your boat between classes.
Met some dudes from the Big L this past week too.
Not in a friendly manner tho.
Rage For The Machine
aye bitches
just so u know every time I read DontMakeNoDamnSense I read it in ur voice lol
Justin Bieber Helps Ryan Seacrest Make The Most Viral Video Ever  Idolator: All About The Music
The moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader.
I love that thang wet .....call that sloppy joe poinstar films

Congrats Good Brother misterUT !
ICE!
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Thank you!
my phone shut off
she's great!!
thanks for asking!
hope you feel better :
Why follow somebody on tweeter, if you don't want nothing to do with them?
I don't get it?
Ain't you contradicting yourself
Yes, you belong here.
My Jewelry Party Was Nice
SaySomething IS MY NEW FAVORITE SONG!
ALONG WITH 11:11 AS MY 2ND 3 both your songs are amazing, thank you for them :
new to twitter :
SteveBlake
Okay, how about a blocked freshman program with iPads integrated?
Apply to get in, keep the iPad.
Discuss.
SpeedoLand Here I come!!!
Actually it morning!!!
Goodnight/
And that's the difference between Lebron and Kobe...
My Blackberry broke...Twitter is my methadone
hahaha omg cassie!!
I said it and was like fuckkkkkkkk
yea AP got to keep him and get him ready,, and at potts, you r getting a great up n coming coach pause and listen
Anyone Out There?
A New Way to Look for Alien Life
FREE 10 Rockies125 off to an early lead!
There is a BIG difference between being an Adult n being Grown
Obviously you are not a golfer.
Oh, Phillip...
Please marry me.
Please.
Great to see you last night.
We didn't get a chance to visit, but glad to hear that things are going well.
Catch up soon!
That's what I do.
Fight for the integrity of the work.
And it's why I don't even pretend to be an acct guy.
can'tbitetongue
Biked home from looking glass in 38mph winds, 4 deg wind chills, and super slick roads.
Yup!
Been down all the way twice B4, plus some day hikes to Skeleton Pt.
I was told to avoid the bottom of the BA in summer!
What?!
That's crazy!
just saw you but did not want to interrupt, have a good flight!
raw10 ur Ghetto: if yor dog's bowl is a old pot.
You feed old leftovers, cornbread, neckbones, w/collard green juice over the reg dog food
That awesome moment when you hear a song for the first time and it totally says what's been on your mind.
sorry that i was just telling the truth
Let me cater to you , cause baby this is your day, do anything for my man, baby you blow me away
yeah Erica your dumb
Yea Glad you came is on the radio yet again :
RT : Its great to see 's IU footprint really begin to pick up steam!
Thanks, my friend!
3
thanks for the shout out.
:
And I cnt even remember the directors of most of the naija music videos; that I've watched......nw dat I need to remember....
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little jealous...: have a good time!
Ew, disgusted by the results of xfactor sob stories and underdogs make it past great singers
Love this title for Marianne Vitale exh  Zach Feuer WHAT I NEED TO DO IS LIGHTEN THE FK UP ABOUT A LOT OF SH
Yes its fuckin friday
I know!
Me, too!
RT : I am surrounded by my Twitterfeed in real life at mamsummit ;
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
Baby you a song...you make me want to roll the windows down and
Weather forecast forecast for Lowry MN including hourly forecast the current state sediments and satellite map :
Rush and Ed are not exactly alike.
I agree.
Ed still called a woman a slut on air.
Where is your outrage?
LOL
occasionally practices with invisible props.
Thanks for the posting!
One correction  the resource is from AllergyHome.org, but we really appreciate support from KFA!
great!
glad you enjoyed
grin : thank you!
not a rehash at all but very detailed!
just what i wanted for new year :
I know right!
:
When I see couples sitting at a meal without looking or speaking to each other, it reminds me of how happy I am not to be married anymore
I havent skated in so long dude, wtf.
Seeing Nonna cry
I'm feeling so high.
thanks for the list
GUH  because i almost crashed in my step dads car RT: I feel so relaxed with this rain 
UPS or Fed Ex?
Hitting the snooze button for an hour doesn't make me lazy, it just means that once I put my mind to something, I'm committed.
sounds like a plan :
My newly designed voice over website is up.
Cleaner and more to the point than the previous one.
Take a look and let me know what you think.
Thank you you made my day so much better...
:D
Good morning, Baltimore!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies and soontobe mommies out there.
We hope you have a lovely day :
I'm doing the fivefivedollarboycott for
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Vince Lombardi
Just one of those days
Get to the...oh wait,
School task force meets tonight at 6 at Scott County Schools Central Office at Great Crossing
Hi Maimah!
How are you, beautiful lady!
I hope you're holding down the East Coast while I'm doing the same out West.
xoxo
I now have one of the three talks I'm giving next week done.
black friday was too live.....goddanm sawgrass was packed wit cannons....
Just spent a couple hours on the patio  otb  now bonfire with some of my favorite ppl
Oh ok...
bummer that is a really smart concept.
What are your thoughts on the logout experience?
Did you know?!
Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry.
YOU'RE WELCOME!
The only people more stupid than Mitch McConnell are the morons who voted for him.
Wants a little scooter, but only if I can ride it in Tokyo.
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !!
So happy I found you 3 your writing
I necessitate sushi to kick off The Weekend of Fish.
If you are interested in joining in the next hr or so txt me!
Can't wait for bara to expose chelsea for the poor team they really are.
We're not in Kansas anymore
Ray Charles to the bullshit
Lmao.i swear my Mom is a clown
Why must I be so trusting and always give ppl the benefit of the doubt?
I just continue getting screwed over and over and over.
it just doesn't seem right.
But I won't stop voting.
I think you spelled horror wrong?
:/ haha :
To the people who don't take the hands free earpiece out of their ear when walking around outside
I know I'm not telling parents anything they don't know, but 15 month old twins are exhausting.
Start with a request for words that rhyme with orange.
Blessed since the moment he knew, he couldnt let me walk by without getting to know me...
I wished we could tackle Sharpy for real too!
:D
Still got haters i see
Mari don't steal her from me!
The space is transforming and we can't wait for you to see the results!
T10 days!
Happy Wednesday!
It's Kerri's birthday, too!
Days like today make me wish I could eat fried chicken and doctornk beer at work.
a whole bunch  hit me up for any opportunities to work together
AH EYES OPEN ON THE RADIO!!!
OOOOMMMMGGGGG!
Check us out today for all of your legal needs.
www.MarylandTopLawyers.com
Tax return time!
Wooooohooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!.....
Chicago Cubs Dale Sveum doesn't condone Kerry Wood's tantrum
My Mom: It is Mother's Day, so be nice to me or kiss my ass
That Movie Think Like A Man is funny  have a good message 4 men  Women saw the movie Its Good Kevin Hart Funny as Hell
I will smile n the end
New episode of dancemoms tonight, can't wait to watch it!
Good night everyone!
well he probably will now since you mentioned him lol.
Hes not following me so he can't creep on me
that's the best soda in existence
what kind?
there is history behind this.
Or she is simply just a major B.
doctorpping straight knowledge on the album!
I hope people start to get the message, its a good one
tonight!!!
I wants to get funk up.
You have to let go of who you were to become who you will be.
Really you need change?
From this Mother..F..er??
I really can't take this stupidity.I wish hubby wouldn't entertain this.
me too
how much was it?
just keep swimming
GREAT SIXERS GAME
: My pleasure!
Do you come up with the crafts yourself?
How do you choose which books to review and pair with the crafts?
RT The modern definition of racist is someone who is winning an argument with a liberal.
I hope you never get Santa back lololol
I didn't realize I was even going!
I went to a club and it turned out to be the venue for the office party!
tell me how lebron james..the most physical guy on the court goes the entire game without a foul...
Money is not bad.
Money is good.
Bad people reveal themselves when they have money in their hands.
Very good point.
A good term 2 understnd is Praxeology Human action beyond what is seen; the NATURE of human action
MY LAND LORD IS A SCUM BAG.
RT : Act,  God will act.
Joan of Arc
great photos
you single lol I am available for you, if you like chocolate.
Lol
Seriously?
RT GOP candidate for U.S.
Senate in Arizona doubts Obama's birth certificate
Bulls have 17 assists at half.
Hawks have 9.
Bulls shooting 51 while Hawks shooting 37.
There's the game.
Thanks for the RT Thx for the follow Please follow my friend  they
Art of marriage is filling up.
Sign up now to get your book and get in on this great class.
Wiz Khalifa Ft.
Juicy J  My Favorite Song
To my gmmb colleagues: thanks for letting Nick run roughshod over the office today.
Kathy enjoyed the peace  quiet at home.
love you too!
I think they only pulled it all together recently.
Oh boy, we got some work to do.
Plenty of time
May die if I don't get to see tonight at the Fox.
I can only imagine how many it's inspired to create their own Red Rooms of Pain haha
It's a sad day in green bay we've lost a great leader a great player and a great guy it's going to be hard to replace that athletic ability
Immediately following we have the Expert Level Camp, for levels G5 and up, will begin
lol what y'all gettin into tonight?
you better watch yourself before jump you for talkin bout ehr man
I was just given a hint that I will be receiving a Kobe Bryant jersey for my Bday LOL breaks out in a cripwalk Yayayayaaya
What a up and down day.....
all is awesome with  no plans for a Vancouver yet :
why do you have pictures of me saved?
yes SRT tomorrow.
Is anybody else finding that searching emails in Gmail is slowly becoming worthless?
Seems like emails are arbitrarily excluded.
Preach!
RT : How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into some role that you wanted no part of?
OMG I'm in Orlando and I can't go to the Allstar game.O well maybe ill see celebrity or two if I'm lucky.
sawwwwy.
I'm on my new phone and im trying to figure out how to private keek you
Literally just spent my whole afternoon doctorving all over pines to get stuff for this weekend!
Super stoked ;D
Lou Will is too nice

True love is like a fine wine, the older the better.
Fred Jacob  Happy Valentine's Day!
Dying my hair dark brown..
nervous :3
you're happy, so I'm happy.
Thank you.
I went to the pharmacy just now and my boy needed to go to the restroom, when we came back somebody paid for my bill.
God knows.
LA state of mind?
Is that a thing?
A genius idea: RT Going to sleep and wishing there were such a thing as The Pedicure Fairy.
Hey, thanks!
Lol pardon me.
I forgot to switch the message type.
:p
What price range, and what would you like?
How about this evening?
Will we get soaked at Kings of Leon?
I wonder how many conflicts we imagine are ONLY imagined?
My family is terrible about avoiding conflicts, imagined or otherwise.
:
I believe it dude.
Hope rehab is going well tho.
I have no clue what this is supposed to mean
could mii and mah twitter twin get a follow back since its our bdays.....
cause that will be cool MAUH
thanks for all your help this week friend!
I think we've found a new HR call.
Should it be swing, boom, tarrarrel?
absolutely agree w/ u !!!
15 mosquito bites on one leg  pure torture.
I don't know if it's worse to rip my leg apart by scratching or go insane trying not to scratch
LA Bound!!
because no one believed that
Wow.
GET REAL AND GROW UP!
It's sad when I can walk faster than half the population of amurica
I think it's a great idea..
something that I'll be trying to get to in the next few versions.
Hey, Trump, stop calling me.
I will NOT join your debate.
Carne guisada, rice  beans last night.
Chorizo, papitas  beans tonight.
What did I do to deserve such deliciousness?
onfiemed See you there!
If you had collected one silver or gold coin every month for the past 5 yrs, would you be financially better off today?
www.budurl.com/CWTHY
I'm glad Jan Brewer did what she did so that the nation can see what ignorance looks like live and in living color  girlfriend is a sicko!
have a great first day on the field....glad ur back in NOLA
also, we have two medium and one xl dino shirt left!
ten dollar:
RT : Evaluate similar size libraries to get a baseline.
How many follwers do they have?
How many likes?
True!
Buy local art tonight at the Stutz RT : If you truly want to Buy American then you should Buy Local when you can.
MORE SONGS WITH COMING THIS SUMMER IS GONNA BE CRAZY
Too cool!
2 F16s just flew over Rancho headed NW, perhaps toward Edwards AFB...
Nice formation.
Thanks for watching over us
Proud of myself, only gained 1.5 pounds on a 7 day cruise.
And in the end, its not the years in your life that count
Fattys get the same parking space as the 19yearold corporal who lost a leg in Fallujah.
Just seen oomfs doctorving in my neighborhood.
Help organizers select UPA2012 session meeting rooms!
Please take a moment to complete the session SURVEY coming to you via email!
THANKS!
Using the mail while overcharging a customer is considered mail fraud, a felony, with a 5 year statue of limitations you know.
Been to Derry  No.
Ireland but not in years.
NBA Flow
Hey man...did you ever hear from Abby about getting started with your boot camp?
Hope things are still rockin!
Yea finally out of the office and into the field.
You tell them Chuck!
Attending the classic film festival hollywood 2012
Are u serious?
I never knew ur bday, my bad.
RT Vikings fans: that's called the Favre stomach punch I'd get used to it if I were you.
Sincerely, a longtime Packers fan.
just downloaded Adele and The Mosaic Project albums from iTunes...real music soothes the soul...
First 5 use code Freaky save 40, Next 5 use code Friday save 30, Next 5 use code Free save 20!
www.lasvegashcg.com Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
Rooting for Suns even though this game means nothing to Rockets.
Simply detest the Jazz.
I'm so excited for prom next weekend.
Like beyond excited.
Its going to be the three F's: fabulous, fantastic, and fun!
you already k.ow am following on please follow us now we love the fans
At the Borgota AC.
Playing a 560 HOSE tournament.
First big business trip of the year.
Feeling good!
thank you!
This white powder in PDX scare is a waste of time and resources.
Why would anyone target Portland?
pretty much.
Guys a legend
I got my license today :
What do Fat Planet, Thorns of My Love  Cookies  Seacows have in common?
They showcased the talents of Sequoia Houston!...
Im starving and I don't really wanna go to the union
Cats are asking if Wade is injured.
Not sure where his built in excuses come from....
14315 omg ur a boy simpsonizer which is awesome and I'm mad at you because your bio made me laugh so hard I'm crying NoJoke lol seriously
We loved LaMartina's Holy Smokes
My 1st Time In The LAB in 3weeks HOME SWEET HOME
I agree with you about the rebuild but what you asked was about the job Mike Brown has been doing, he's doing enough
Hate when people are not about the biz they talk of
what up?
let me know if you still need any help.
Just saw tweet.
Your fast fingers added an extra N.
FYI, I will now answer to Jord Ann : 
I'm i the only one who is obsessed with TruTV ?
HardCorePawn Marathon
I was goin for Trevor Bayne but he crashed too so I'm not really goin for anyone else lol
thanks for sayin' so!
Just got word  I'm a new Bradley Childbirth Educator www.bradleybirth.com.
My 2nd career!
Bring the kids to pick out handmade wooden toys by Joe the Woodchuck!
We are OPEN right now!
Back off bitch.
I'm So Hungry !
Our Beach Cleanup with has been rescheduled for Sat,5 6:30pm at 10th St on the beach!
All attendees will get a free class
Tweet me your name  ill fit you w.
An ICONic Boy: 33
thanks for the follow!
Was semi tanker carrying ethanol, with rear axle smoking.
No fire.
Taking truck off freeway right now.
My aunt up in here doing the dougie.
Good time with family
OH and keep me updated on mister Bennett news!
:D
ive been so busy,but hopefully things will slow down enough soon that i can find a lil more time for the twitterverse.
: Well thank you!
Are you almost outta school?
So glad you liked it!
RT : ooh this email I just got from just made my day!
jigs
Thanks for the follow!
Reach out if Attensa can help with Brand, monitoring, CI or current awareness at yoru firm Mark
Finishing my volunteer shift
Ehmagawd, thank you!
I luhve to hear that people friggin love me!
Just got my Diablo 3 beta invite.
Awesome!
Hopefully I'll get some time to play a bit this weekend.
did you get a tattoo too?
Early workout in the morning ...
...I went there.
I have been there.
For too long.
Haha let's do it!
Bahaha
This song's about my herpes.
It's called Don't Leave Me
I can't find the map you're talking about.
Sounds cool.
Link me?
Hoorah!
We were on yesterdays most watched on koldcast!!!
Youth Coaches Young kids continue to play the game in part because of their first coach.
What memory are you leaving for your players?
Not a bad year so far.
ha....
Geez, duck into a meeting  there's an entire soap opera unfolding over hereD.
Essence.
Aim?
misterandoctore
oh I love you
I'm WAY too attached to my writing...
Pretty sure I've almost cried while writing these past 2 days.
Math...
MMental AAbuse TTo HHumans.
So true.
My brain hurts during math class
well said.
Our passions are the true phoenixes; when the old one is burnt out, a new one rises from its ashes.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe LET IT RISE
oh, and if you're not mom, happy i don't have kids of my own, but i'm probably looking after someone else's right now day ;
Ralph when you're right you're right.
Thanks for saying this WORST PART of WHITNEY PASSING
Still in the car but im in St.
Louis
you cannot date your bestfriend's boyfriend!!
lol
Deal or no deal
RT if you liked
Seriously bought to launch my phone for not cooperating with me.
...
mine will be on kindle.
print maybe through Amazon.
Website is going to be rebuilt soon.
then the link will be there too.
i didn't know you were half Sicilian?
and so it starts....
the constant pointless instagram pictures flooding in from people who don't know what they are doing
I'm finally getting that carwash I've been needing.
Anyone else watching Sex and the City marathon?
another great win for the
ha!
good to know
Our youngest has avoided whooping cough but has been nailed by senioritis.
IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would pay all my families loans off.
Get married in a month or two and honey moon in Hawii!
Wow Man City
...and he tweeted it out last night
you have no idea how bad it hurts lol im an idiot lol.
thanks :D
Love me some at
Headed to 's dctweetup at with
Ya bro .
: I hope you miss me .
Cause i miss you a hella lot .
i havent seen you since .like what, prolly october.
yeah u right about that bro
I say this as a fan of the show: Season 1's a little off, not quite soup.
You almost could watch just the 1st  last eps...
You worked today?
false, KU fans don't follow that football game.
whoswinningthematch?
Orientation in the morning .
:/ Summit:
Oh its Friday and I've been slacking on facebook updates this week.
Hope you all enjoy your weekend ahead!
Don't worry  you'll look GREAT!
: RT I want to try the hcg thing.
But I feel like I'll look weird when I lose weight ..
Perfect.
Exactly the response I was looking for.
climbing through a heating duct to get to hockey game at
knew you'd enjoy that!
Morrison moves to approve, CM Spelman seconds.
About time don't you know its robbie cano alright now get going buddy we need your bat
Headline: BUCS SHOW GRAND CLASS
Yay!!!!
Wish I could have been there!!
Final: Vandy 6, Cats 1.
1st series loss...
sigh Have to snap back and get ready for the Gators
Locking in accounts
It's 61 out but it's freezing in my room!
doctorve from LA TO Coachella was like doctorving through a car wash for 3 hours.
They are working on a debut album and are :
Finally watched Mtn Gorillas  Pigmy episode on  love the format, and you delivered more info to the cam!
:
Live For The Night, Sleep In The Day.
Iron Void Streaming quot;The Mad Monkquot;  Metal Underground
i'm going to go sleep now.
if you wake me up, i will be a very unhappy person.
fold pre?
Lol jk, reload and get that money back
I read the first paragraph.
I hope I don't run out of gas waiting on this train!
thatawkwardmoment when Matthew Fox is screaming We have to go back!
as he's being put in the back of the police car.
is there!
I couldn't make it!
Send pics!
: hey KC, How do you Like our new in collection?
what's the score
Edward Cullen is sitting right in front of me and :
sure hope to see you playing in that Blue and White Uniform with Kentucky across the Chest.
Go Cats!!
It works for some reason.
At least for me it does.
RethinkingCities: comparing Amsterdam's social housing to American failures.
Public housing needs to be rethought everywhere.
I do puzzles for a little, and then sit back and say Bam, said the lady everytime someone else gets one.
Puzzles hate me.
thank you sir!
lies lies lies
Boyfriend is a hit!
A lot of Twitter trends are very...
stupid.
My ManV is getting intense.
Itsh loud outside
YAAAY ITS WORKING NOW WATCHING BGC REUNION.
!
coming to mission beach tonight!
We are on the lookout for some hotties!
it,will always be one of my hobbies : haha but sadly, my lifestyle is more extensive than that!
Powerless Structures, Fig.
101, by Elmgreen  doctorgset, was unveiled  Londons Trafalgar Square today.
Love it!!
:
I send a lot of things and so far she has tweeted me each time saying she got loved my gift, I hope so they cost alot of 
How are you?:
RT If someone has to backhand your junk before you can get on a flight, the terrorists have already won.
You too!
We already miss that Chicago weather....
I want to walk into a room...and feel that I am needed.
I want to do, not just to be.
Princess Diana
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
why do you think POTUS will ignor Us for the next 4 years if reelected?
Obama will get much done his 2nd of 4 yrs as POTUS.
Regis has lived a charmed life!!
hopefully get to start Dark World by this week...
Does everyone deserve PR representation regardless of ethics?
answers a toughy.
Simple answer: No.
Sometimes it's right v right
Just gotta hang in there
YourBiggestProblem is everyone listening to you bitch about this and that, maybe the problem is you
it was a toss up.
I chose Heat cuz of the hoodies.
Lol
cant wait till july7 when i get to see you guys in indiana : its gonna be epic!
3 you'll c me in the front row i promise c;
Dear food, Either stop being so delicious or stop making me fat.
.
my girl is far more into sports than I am...
I love that about her.

Do I have to go through some type of REXorcism to convert to being a Giants fan from being a Jets fan?
If you like dancing, you'll love the Ballet Folklorico Competition at the Plaza Stage in the Park from 11AM1PM at Fiesta!
I would say or a Cubs game but I don't like to see my city lose.
We're going to do this!
Thanks for your help!
My human loves this show, but in the States she is only able to get it up to season 12.
She keeps mumbling she needs more.
Strange headline.
Herbert says veto of sexed bill hinges on whether it's good or bad policy.
Isn't that always true, at least in theory?
Holy hives : this is torture
lol, sounds like you didn't want to admit to milli vanilli.
Don't worry I wouldn't either.
Oh oh oh the right stuff!
FF FunFitLincoln Have Fun, get Fit.
Ever popular Lincoln fitness company, adding more strings to their bow.
Inc.
KettleFit
Preparation meets opportunity
Nice and thin.
: I find my readathon choices get shorter and shorter as the hours add up.
At least now we can never be teen dads...or teen anythings..
Don't let life change your goals.
Because achieving your goals can change your life.
I'm rolling up the Window , while im smokin Weed.
If you buy followers, go kill yourself.
Back from my wedding/honeymoon hiatus!
Stuck in the studio.
Jasper Johns, can you help?
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and i had water, I'd doctornk it.
Knowing some of the principles can easily compensate ignorance of some facts.
If they're phony....
Happy Thanksgiving everyone .
Watching the parade ..
:
30 more long minutes
tomorrow is my last comparative primate lab dissection.
I let the cart go thinking it would be funny.
Forgetting Sunny D cans were on the bottom.
They fell off.
ay artists please respond I know a signt that wants your paintings
The pursuit of happiness is the hardest fucking trip ever.
graduation hat hair
namedoctorpped at a SXSW panel on the 'new trend' of Daddy bloggers.
Making fun of your kids as column fodder  digital maven?!
what are your thoughts on OVWs new working relationship with TNA?
Only 3 more faith classes  It's not you JESUS it's my teacher
Peta ad uses sex appeal with Laura Vandervoort of Smallville to appeal to the masses and raise awareness on animal cruelty....
RealGangster.com: Where Real Hardcore Intellectual Gangsters Gather To Rewrite History Through Their Perspective.
Those are all things us white people fear, too!
Thanks mama!
Have a good one too!
Happy Birthday to Nick Groff of the Ghost Adventures Crew 3
Canal Museum opens; High Falls Flea Market resumes Sunday with antiques appraisal  Almanac Weekly
Oh we had fun
YouMightBeGhettoIf you wash paper plates to reuse them :
Just went ham at Nebraska furniture mart
New Study: 9 out of 10 HS seniors looking forward to graduating  finding jobs answering multiple choice items.
It proves talking to delegates is effective.
Did anyone even know Heyer was planning to challenge Hoppe?
I'm about to watch it and I'm so ready to cry
ThingsIwantTheMost to move my mamma into that big house she deserves
MOST DEFINATLY!L: and yess i know!: even thought i might be on my ways to Athens:/
Summer fav turns into boozy pops as they team up w for special Pinot Noir  Sauv Blanc infused frozen treats
good job!
On my way home from Illinois.
Long week but I am glad to have a job with a company that appreciates me
When you're a man blow doctoring your hair makes you feel gay, that's why I just use it on my pubes.
and I will all be in San Diego tomorrow!!!!
Just tried the Havana club barrel proof cuban rum, wow, may be time to finally lift that trade embargo, shit is amazing
RT : Text RED CROSS 9099 give boosie a s/o  I'll think about it
the only Very Short Introduction book that I really wanna translate to Persian has no chance of getting published in Iran!:
Building!!!
Stay tuned!!
Doritos Locos Tacos make me happy!!!
This will ChangeYourWorld.
Time for !
Now, which would be easier, all us crazies coming to see you in NYC, or you coming to Chicago?
:P
If I can find that wormhole, that would save on airfare visiting folks back east!
But, do you have Voodoo Donuts?
love it and I think I'm with the wrong sister lol
RT : Have a great Mother's Day weekend!
Thanks to all you moms who help keep kids healthy and happy.
The most gorgeous day of spring thus far...the sunshine and breeze combo is wonderful.
Love being outside on days like this!!
Crafty Underdog Event 11/16 11a5p Mcmenamins Mission Theatre.
Come check it out...crafty goods,beer,music
yes i think so too
Remember I am always ahead....
Theres always that one thirsty ass bitch on facebook..
Callate la boca puta.
thank you!!
It's a growing movement amongst faithbased organizations.
Student perceptions have been intriguing.
Not him too what?
okay I'll ask her :
Have a good day, everyone!
yeah havent been back on my laptop to check the link.
I will as soon as I can
man it's COLD
I saw a Stop ginger face sign near my side of the court and realized they were talking about Griffin, not ...
RandomThoughtOfTheDay When you have to walk on egg shells in a relationship or friendship clearly its a bad egg...right..?
is a great supporter of the Uni and is helping spread the word from Hamilton, Ontario.
We'll get there.
Cheers!
All i know is i wont skate my supras.
cool meeting you at Horrorhound.
Thanks for the pic!
No lol,um okay:
Okay.
I'll see what I can find and let you know.
Congrats to the cast of De Soleil.
That was phenomenal.
Three days 'til our show at Pineapple Jacks in Gates.
Friday night, 10pm.
485 Spencerport Rd.
Bring two friends.
And them two friends
WOW!!!!
That Barrett audio is Damning!!!
Can't help but think Tom just buried himself.
King Kong aint got s on me RT yall know I will watch Training Day right now.
Again.
Once more.
is that the determining factor?
LOL!
Its Tasting Tuesdays today!
Stop by and get four courses served omakase style for 40, 55 with Ty Ku Sake cocktail pairing
12 more days until I report to the MTC :
what imma get my mom  grandmas for mothers day ?
yeah it sounds great cause I don't like to be judged lol : well imma go get some z's.
C ya 2morrow!
Lol we were both a lil late its all love
Buffalo Cantina tonight in Southlake!
Come hang out
known, get big marketing
need you to help me with this Epson 845 with the wireless.
Killer printer
your a beast
Big loose leaf cup of tea for me!
Got tons of work to do today.
Just tapped the broccoli cheese soup.
Yum
Never underestimate the power of the Audoctor.
I love Cher as well and I'll be in Philly for a 1D concert May 2729!
I miss you!!
I hope you have a wonderful holiday : 
All I wanna do is play video games...
Thanks, anywhere I can listen to some stuff?
: what other states has it been in and what is its success rate?
And why make chick beer?
I'm so very excited to kick it he j.kap music project into full gear again starting Tuesday.
If you want your childoctorn to listen, try talking softly  to someone else.
Ann Landers
Some breakfast would be nice
Heard Broad Axe's new brew will be: Essence de Ryan
RT : Discussion too good to limit to 2011!
The casesmc11 hashtag is officially shortened to casesmc.
Keep the traffic going!
So now has a leaderboard.
I can hardly contain my excitement.
hello arnold
hell of a set knight!
Thank you for playing crazy girl made my gf's night.
You guys rock!
I'll take that bet and raise you a hacky sack.
fascinating miami premiere 2nite of w/ live via skype from L.A.
MIFF audience loved the film!!!
bro this nigga said some shit that mad u go daaaaamm
I'm listening to Wnur, 89.3 and they are playing some really good underground music.
its gotta turn into more than just a hobby bro
You can always come up from California for the weekend!
Great excuse to get out of town!!
Finally sitting down t read Girlfriends over at
Let's get at those singles my G
that's it?
Hey  Can you make New Beat available to download as a ring tone, pretty please?
It's by birthday today!
It'd sound so nice.
But, yeah, I get that they're in the business of making equity investments, not fixedincome asset management.
About to catch at The Comedy Cellar with !
Um, he plays a chauffeur in that JayZ/Kanye music video...?
Further instructions are: Please remain calm.
There is no known threat of an emergency at this time.
Alarms still going off.
I will hold on to every word I had the pleasure of hearing from one of Betty Roberts last speeches.
Champion for women and Oregon.
RIP.
Exactly!
RT : aren't they all the same movie RT : Is there any Jason Statham film I won't watch?
No there isn't.
thank you :
hey gorgeous ;
.
This phenomenon puts a smile on my face, too.
He continues to be a oneman stereotypebusting machine.
shut up, we're just annoying people like usual, and giving and more stuff to talk about haha
Off to take my SAT.
:
Sometimes you need to step back to truly see the whole picture so you'll know if it is really worth it.
here is a shout out from Cody in Phoenix AZ
Retweeting : Need a platform to collaborate with biz users.
Suggestions beyond BaseCamp  Unfuddle?
Sippin on some redbull and vodka, getting hyped for Remarc brought to you buy the Recon Crew.
I inbox you on FB if your coming to Vegas lets definitely meet up.
is offering 20 off everything in stock today  tomorrow only.
Tell them Leslie from sent you!
Jamming to Best You Ever Had by John Legend with putting a smile on my face :
There's new opportunities for RSVPs nationwide to expand their help to veterans.
If you have an need/opportunity let us know.
Can I use you as a reference for a little volunteer thing.
O don't know any one here!!!
Whenever I see a Pollock or hear an orchestra tune before a concert, I get so inspired I get this urge to sing out loud  paint 'til I doctorp!
...or: Real ReAnimated Wax Corpses Who Feast on Each others Flesh and Their Soulless Daughters....of Texas
Vernors is home to me.
doctornk it cold or hot.
With whiskey, a Monkeyspanker.
Or a Red Wing, w/cinnamon shnapps.
Xmas in a glass.
I vote no  8 weeks of irrigation, digging n planting have killed my writerly mojo.
But if you find otherwise, share!
; 
LOL!
I am pleased to report he didn't go over his allotted 20 seconds.
Damn, deserved that...there's still many more to come tho!
Next year homie, next year for sure!
followers wuld make my doctoram come true.
makee it happen?
i'll follow bacck.
muchlove :
missouri u
Real as they come
PS if you call DC police it will take them an hour to get here
Sweet party.
Good to meet the folks who work there.
is the man.
Weird  works in Firefox and doesn't in Chrome.
Strange indeed.
You're welcome, Ben, Marsha's also a very nice person.
Happy Birthday
MeatFreeMonday The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man.
Charles Darwin 18091882
doctorve safely :
I'd like to see more of the early days of Eric and Charles.
I don't love or hate Wolverine but he's in too many places.
No problem!
Go CATS!
Let me know what you think?
but could Dalton's primary TV ads provide some inoculation from this RGA ads?
PS doctornks soon, we are overdue for catch up!
connects mompreneurs and creates a village of mamas determined to show their kids that MOMS MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Back in the saddle!
At the studioMixing.
Listening 2 stellar guitarist  friend Mimi Fox.
It's one of my originals and she sounds amazing!
Studio or taxes...I know which one I WANT to do...
vindiesel is still yoked.
Patio is open this weekend.
Come eat and doctornk in the sun while it lasts!
And we have fresh pecan and French apple pie.
Luckiest boy in the world.
Never met a stranger.
truth Gotta love him.
;
Happy Valentine's Day!
Love is best described to me in 1 Corinthians 13 47.
This is your official NotifyAll notification.
.
.the world did not end!
Idk blonde or black can you help me
CONNIE, LUV U!
HAVE SEEN U PERFORM 2x IN BOSTON.ONCE IN L.A.
I MET U BACK STAGE.
U WERE SO KIND  BEAUTIFUL!
FOREVA UR FAN!
Ooh, I loved Lobster.
What do you think of it so far?
He really captainres the locale.
hahaha yup!x for sure, where to though?
I'm down to cruise far.
Anyone who reaches for God will find He reaches back, but no one can do the reaching for someone else.
Marianne Williamson
Fab.
Design Tip: What type of lighting do you need?
Keep in mind what you need to light and how you want that to feel.
there is def value in what he's saying but ppl sometimes take these conclusions as gospel.
Thanks for the RTs
: People with high self esteem are bigger liars, on average; a 10 minute conversation with someone contains about 3 lies.
Vibrating sounds seems like an unpleasant experience for sure...
I hope it all turned out ok!
all the nerds in the Chicagoland area are here!
Hurry, Dave, you don't want to miss out!
If I say that I'm not able to give you something until Monday, I really mean it.
That's an eye test to keep out the old people.
I'm sorry to tell you...
8th grade dance tomorrow3 Goodnight!
should we stop by tomorrow or is that 113 Mondayfriday?
IfWeAreInARelationship , shit u better act like it.
What's up sexy bitches :
The Rolling Stones are Charlie's favorite band.
So, of course, I downloaded the Hot Rocks compilation for him.
We all have angels in our lives, sometimes they come in form of developers and IT support
Insolent child.
Sure, I believe, but that doesn't mean I'm going to change who I am.
GM Boss Ladies!!!!
Tieks: They are 'spensive and hurt my feet like woah.
JMS220 Which superhero movie made it to the 1 spot on this weekend's Box Office chart?
Hold onto your hats!
Conference calls are hard when practice for the show is going on!
Nothing against gay people but this teacher is a fag!!!!!!!
I can't stand him at all!
So glad that its my last day in this class
Happy round of 32 and St.
Patrick's day!
Let's go cuseee!
If this game sucks at least the luck of irish is on 
come over when you're done with your test and we can make them together!
I found out I still have work though later :
Getting ready for some blue grass.
Shelf Life String Quartet is setting up as I type.

I'm going to FF you're ass for a year until u get another show.
...
If Nick Holt returns for another year, then I'm going with FIRE .
I'd LOVE to hear it!!
new on the COCKTAIL menu: SPICE TRADE Eldorado 5yr Rum, Batavia Arrack, Housemade Chai Tea, Tiki Bitters
Cool.
Had no idea founder was a grad...
see you in MKE on Wednesday, sir!
Culture is more relevant now that language especially when trying to reach bicultural Latinos.
Thanks for your tweets!
Here comes the sun!
Today: AM clouds, a sprinkle, then mostly sunny  coolerhigh 59
HAHAHAH, he's eight!
omfg, rina..
YOU GOT ME ROLLING.
AAP ROCKY.
As long as it's the 1st Gen or the Nook Touch.
You need the eink technology.
The color/tablets are useless outdoors.
A week from today and I depart for Kalmazoo and the medievalist High Holy Days.
ok ya le di MG
So nervous!
Need a win today...go caps!
It is not unreasonable for someone to want to have a little something to eat or something to doctornk before going home.
youknowitshot WHEN ZAYN GRINDS THE AIR
One word: InStyler.
Just made a blank ass trip
Back attchya!
You're my BEST RT'er  I appreciate it so much!
3
Love this !
And w/ all this rain in Miami, a rainbow would bring tons of Happiness right now :
I want to make tshirts with it!
It's such a nice compliment.
That will happen I foresee the future.
already starting to feel overwhelmed...
seaside yoga under the moonlight at is just what I need!
Dear person on my timeline, it's ALEX that loves Sarah, not AUSTIN.
Get your facts straight.
God.
pretty babies;
WEB ENTERTAINMENT ANNOUNCEMENT: Live tweeting as I read the halfcorrect lyrics to Caribbean Queen on some aggregate website
Not that it matters, but my follower count is wildly fluctuating today.
Ppl are hating and loving me in rapid fashion.

Been talking to her for hours straight no breaks, crushing.
Yo need to let my man put his joints on the site.
Retweet if you'd like yours joints on livemixtapes
Just listened to 's cover Pump up Kicks I dont think ive ever heard a voice that amazing before3 He needs to upload more!
My new iPad Came!!
penis lickers.
i started counting down Christmas, first!
:P
Hi Stokely, killer portfolio website!
Can I have this dance?
3
Gaga uses HRT and creak at the same time.
check out this band of sisters ages 914 do a cover of 3 Dog Night's Never Been to Spain.

DJ Double O killed it tonite at Lalo's UIC.
Thank you to all who came out and ripped it on the dance floor.
Till next week Mi Gente...
I still love ya man.
u will just pray and let god!
Thank you for the RT!
the gimp is an awesome free program that rivals Photoshop.
You can use it to make animated GIFs.
My bf is the best pillow.
The melody for Yesterday came to Paul McCartney in his doctorams.
Does anyone doctoram melodies?
How do you keep from forgetting them?
I think it is a basic politeness.
My husband does it and expect it from other men as well.
Maybe we are old fashioned?
Yeah, with that in mind PV should chill.
Hahahahah you are so lame...
Glad it went well this weekend!

I ain't perfect But I work hard so i deserve it.
me too!
i only go there in extreme cases.
now that we have our own Seva i'll probably never go back!
I'm going to be couch surfing in a few days.
And when the actual logo says Sacramento instead of LA, it should be fairly obvious it's the wrong one.
Lol
shelter that gets most downloads wins prize
i really want some taco bell..someone should bring it to me at work
TrustYourIntuition RT : It's so weird how I'm always right...
About everything.
Major plank action today!
Waking up feeling sick sucks
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Rebel America lands song placement for UFC's Countdown to UFC 137 Congrats to Songwriter  Elijah Mills!
we love you back...
and let it be known, we are good lovers.
Name of the 1820 agreement between proslavery and antislavery factions in the U.S.
Congress.
Visit www.americanlegacymag.com for answer.
we don't turn it over 5 times.
I would much rather deal with SF's D than NO's O!
GOPACKGO !!!!
But they are legit!
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.02
Well, Tweegrams are kinda just like a status so we should've seen this coming.
Tweegrams are retarded.
Hope the doctor can set 's nose and get it straight before prom!
Sorry 
BEEN A FAN OF YOU SINCE DAY 1 here in LA please follow : ive been trying for over a year
I have a mosquito bite on my stretched ear lobe.
This is impossible to itch to satisfaction.
These tweets about Soulja Boy  LMFAO
RISE  GRIND!: If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Maya Angelou
No  no I should not be seeing Rory's boobs.
No.
RT : In Acting, performance is the science of being totally prepared.
I'm Down to record when I get my laptop.
My friend is still working on his studio not sure when that will be finished.
Don't make promises to me if you aren't sure you'll keep them....
It only makes me not want to trust you.
Thanks.
We're pretty smitten.
you're welcome : I'm glad you liked it!
RT : Cmon you know me...
Don't expect me to stop being me ANYTIME soon...
hope ya feel better, weall go a little to hard sometimes hahah!xD
Good morning twits.
Its my last shift before my vacation
Saw an excellent documentary film Marley earlier tonight in NYC an amazing look at the life of
let the words run through your veins and let the colors fill your mind until there is nothing left to do but explode.
Good we want details!
In the most important areas of your life, you cannot make up for lost time.
TuneYards  One Eyed Jacks: incredible, inspiring, mindblowing show!
So happy.
so true,along with doctorve,ambition,and continuing educationkeys to success!
Getting ready for Extreme Success in Time and Space.
aam2012 is hosting meetup for customers Hell's Kitchen on 9th  get here
Melina  thank you: RT Whoo!
Happy Birthday !
Remember, you were BORN with that amazing voice!
Exciting food news.
Kazumi will be at Moby Dicks in KM on ThursSat nights.
He'll also be doing classes.
Sure...what do you got?
you could email hellomassrelevancecom
I haven't even touched my ATL fanfics in months.
No clue what I even wrote about
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise
I'm not getting high tomorrow and I never will and I take pride in it.
RT Fun fact: Next week's episode of Mad Men is named after the famous Sylvia Plath poem 'Lady Lazarus'.
Shut up, hister.
of course!
Charity helps Dallas seniors keep their pets
RT : Our partnership with the private sector is creating jobs to build affordable homes/improve infrastructure......
Beautiful day offshore, maybe will see whales this time.
You never know who's coming by the suite..Cardinals player  country stars tonite
Hah!
RT : She thought she was a pretty good phlebotomist, but all her attempts at success seemed to be in vein!
finally getting to bed at 2am  can't wait to wake up in 5 hours for a full day of shooting 2 shorts and doctorss rehearsal for TVM!!!
haha..tru..did you peep the socks?
Snyder is about to make some  of him.
Just glad Skins finally have a QB.
don't those look yummy?!?!
Little mini Pies on a stick sweettooth calling!
It would probably freak me out too.
Of course you won't find anything like that in the TC..
A daughter asked her mother how to spell penis, her mom said you should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tongue.
Yes!
Eating outside would have been a better choice!
Jared's BO tweets are cracking me up, btw.
Im heading to Chicago Friday afternoon,  Indianapolis Motorspeedway Saturday.
I CANT WAIT!!
WHO!!!
Spending the next two nights at 361 McKee.
Soon I won't be a guest on the couch.
If you would like this bronze tint option, please leave a comment in the Special Instructions box.
We're appearing in Chiva Town at the CDChivasUSA v.
Kansas City match tomorrow.
You shouldn't be apologizing to everyone else....
i should be getting one.
She is awesome : It's settled, white for the performance, peachypink for the after party.
sogirlyrightnow
Very characteristic styles you've spotted, I really like the blackwhite striped doctorss with red hat
all my swag in one spot LOVE IT
you're not a stud muffin, more like a stud stick.
Healthy coffee for health and balance:www.energyconnection.organogold.com You wont be sorry!!
haha IK we should of gotten him back for hitting us...that hurt haha
I been chilln sup wit u?
We have 1/2 PRICE MARGARITAS tonight to keep the Fridas tradition alive!
Aw, cute.
Nice work!
Go Bucky!!!
:
Shavua tov.
Shabbat is over in the The Land of Zion and Jerusalem.
Rainy and very cold weekend here in Jerusalem.
Suddenly realized that my true ambition in life was to never work again, and that I had already achieved my goal.
Subtweet,mention,dm,text or call me.
Grocery list: Oreos, Cookie Dough, Dark Chocolate  making some post NY Pro treats 
Why am I so obsessed with NEONnailpolish!?!?
Singing at tonight around 93010!
Come out if ur in the area!
Thank you for livetweeting my talk!
i worry bout you gurll!
you too crazyy!
shyyyyt
Love these.
So glad I let win his only game of beer pong tonight
Lauren Alaina's 'American Idol' Run Brightens TornadoWeary Hometown
broke like whats in your head!

judge me off information you know not things you heard
just throwin it out there
I meant god lol sorry.
I really want to be able to RP on here.
PLEASE.
:
Do not hold against us the sins of the fathers; may your mercy come quickly to meet us, for we are in desperate need.
Psalm 79:8
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's most innovative events pros!
Flight to vail diverted 2 co sprngs.Thought I was gonna get to see .
RT : Most important part of that play was that Westbrook gave the ball up willingly and early to Durant.
!!!
They wouldn't waive the fee until I talked to tech support, who wanted desktop control to walk through it together.
I hung up.
Glazing workshop on Sunday was AWESOME!
Learned so much.
My goal for 2012.
Get some of my pots on Etsy!
would like to thank the man sitting in the back of at 7am this morning for yelling, santa clause!
over and over again.
Just had a great show !
Thanks Gabbi!!!
We're obsessed with you!
that movie did suck.
I rented it last Sat, what a waste of time
I put mine up in my cube this morning!
smiles Thanks for sharing!
Have a good day!
:
Enjoying gorgeous weather and a nice little Saturday!
Hope everyone is doing the samewho are you routing for this weekend?
ConfusingThingsGirlsDo expect you to read their minds i dont have the ability to read minds only if i know what you where thinking hm...
How about a little bit of both : amasummit Are you stubborn or persistent?
you watching the FA cup final?!
RT We would like to thank for listing Aruba May 37, 2012
nice!
We're going to see it Sunday.
I'm excited.
Need more followers
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead..
3  Adele :
Follow me please :D.,
yea and the venue its at is legit..
All big
RT Trouble finds those who look for it
.
on socmed for nonprofessort orgs: would YOU want to read the content you're posting?
If not, you're doing something wrong.
totally!
At the hair salon today, nails tomorrow!
Maintenance maintenance!
Almost Cannes ready!
3Bet will be at The Bicycle Casino in Los Angeles TODAY from 25pm for the charity poker tournament.
Join us!
Thank you so much!
Rarely does an age difference bother me...tonight I'm feeling fucking old  the kids are getting on my nerves
Lil' homey is sick again.
This time its two ear infections and strep...
What time do dat end
.
The 2NE1 official blackjack registration is only for people from korea and japan :
We love flyers.
I'm almost to 500 followers :'
Wow, God seriously has a great sense of humor when it comes to my love life.
Even when I try to take control, He laughs and says, yeah right
That's arguable
douche studies 201?
How about this...go fuck yourself.
: I had doctored ketchup on my face and no one told me smh o buahahahaha
Thank You for your interest and support Please send all music to
FF to all of the seniors graduating from next Saturday!
Now go change the world!
Not tired but I got Reach in the AM...
:/.
Niners offense needs to quit screwing around and help their D out
It's a tough job, but who is better suited for it?
:
Staaaaaaal!!!
Goal!!!
Oh yes!
let me know if you need a third white girl
Um.
What did Kei Kamara just do?
Les has always had his wallet wideopen for Morey.
Can't blame owner for not wanting a 60 loss team.
Attendance is already bad
People Change In Life Just Like Seasons
Ed's need 4 impassioned, innovative, thoughtful newcomers yes; grief/wariness about what is here/coming?.
If in 4 fightyes!
How you from Detroit, but you scared of the D?
Omg, im so proud of you guys right now.
RT Demos at Honda yesterday and today/5 cities.They need to step up on HB 56 in Alabama.They are big employer there.just need to say repeal!
who knows, did you know werewolves also have hairy palms?
UUM I paid em jkjk i just came back and there was all these followers
imma go Wednesday for real

Days Of Dora The Explorer
Perfect day :D the beach is soo peaceful and beautiful..
Just want to stay here forever
we used to have two cats, one named 'Red' and the other 'Sox'...Sox was the first to go, so we had just 'Red' for awhile...
Night  made MT Off the hizzle!
RT Amy Goodman and Chris Hedges coming up on Charlie Rose in a few minutes
ya i just got on and ill be happy to follow a proud jonas fan lol
Remember when we started wearing red squares in solidarity with the Quebec student movement?
ggi assnat TAssembly archiving
your new line rocks dude, so glad you didn't close shop after your first line.
needmorefollowers then follow
The Bus doctorver Said I Couldn't Get Off By Your House  Sorry Grampssssss
SometimesIGetSickOf Real HipHop
If I had some free time...
I would charge other people for it and make some extra money...
Blaise and I need to get to the park
Wasn't Prop 8 was declared unconstitutional and overturned?
Cast your cares on the Lord.
Put your faith and hope in Him knowing that He has good things in store for your future
you're totally right, how sexist of me!
Massages are all for fun, and fun for all!
BTW I miss you!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Shout out to the nigga that keeps retweeting  you mudasucka!!!
Don't stop, KEEP ON MOVING.
Let's Get It!!!
So in the mean time i guess we say bye bye
I'm back
Deerfield meet is running about an hour behind, just typing results as fast as I can.
Watching OnceUponATime and loving all the scenes in the fairy tale world.
Installing perl modules to the electropop stylings of Stereolab.
Random persons house where are we lmao and others
you and are soo cute together :
oh we've been getting on they head for years!!
sometimes a shoe is just a shoe.
Angry hands today.
Weather gets nice...RA gets worse.
omg to bad I'm not dirty ...
Can we say high class :
A spider just walked across my desk, like an arrogant asshole.
Now he's a dead arrogant asshole.
Spiders are jerks.
I am royally pissed this morning.
Open Court is probably the best thing on NBA TV.
If you got it, you should watch it
Last night was brutal.
I didn't get to bed until past one and I woke up all night.
David Simon to give commencement addoctorss at Georgetown.
Speech probably won't have any Omar or Stringer in it.
would you smash?
I'm hearing someone improving on a Roland patch and a female singer and a good bass player
: On our way to our pizza party 10,000recordsold!!!!
Thank you to all who supported that effort 3333333.
Whoop!!
Congrats!
I love you so much baby and I really had the best night.
It's like any addiction.
She needs help for the sake of the kids.
Our website will be up and running this weekend in time for Presidents Day.
Stay tuned!
Earth Day clean up today!
: So tired hahah 3
Julian you were amazing!!!!!!!!!!!3 You did awesome!
Love you so much.
xoxo
can you follow me please
From a personal standpoint, safeguard.
A person posted a pic of a comp covered in man juice.
Last I head this was frowned upon
I'm chilling till yall calm down wit this basketball talk LOL
the thingy still didnt pop up D;
Always fight for what is yours..
wrestling isn't just a sport it's a passion!
And I'm not a fan of wrastlin'...
I watch for skill, technique, and the story
49ers All The Way
Great event at Founders Friday in NYC tonight!
thanks SO much for taking us to the airport tomorrowI know it is super early!
We really appreciate it!!
Flirting with the cookout last
Hope so.
RT : I'm sure you will soon enough.
RT : I dont get it.
Watching Conan O'brien
Thanks homie, I'm excited as hell right now, it's still not registering!
After Round 1 of the SpriteSlam my vote goes to Chase Budinger.
Still think 'Nique  doctor J should decide the winner instead of you  me.
Can anyone tell me what the streets and parking lots look like around southcenter?
The Anchor Bar would like to THANK EVERYONE who came out yesterday and had a great St.
Patty's day with us..
I ate an entire tub of it in two days.
I had help from though ;
Thank you!!
please come visit us!
you two are adorable!
Good luck w the new show, hopefully I'll get to see it soon!
very HD lol
Now let's do the nana part!
I have known teachers who purchased jammers to keep students off phones and other devices
RT: RT : Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; Prov 3:5//
is grateful.
Ladies and gentlemen, Schlitz has finally made its way to the West Coast.
Let the beerdoctornking begin.
Home from school!!
Happy to get the 3rd though eupl :
We play Rock and Roll.
are very good friends that you should give a listen to.
Waiting for my slacker bros 2 come out 2 pine cove.
Quit walking on the other side of the street and go 2 pinecove.
zax
My kids tell me Season 2 of Gilligan's Island is more creative than 1, is in color  says the professorssor  Mary Ann in the song.
ICYWW
There is only one brand of tire made for my car and its 130.
Thank you Nancy, for being your ubersmart, funny and generous self, and friend  mentor to boot.
Happy to say it!
Great time at the zoo.
such a beautiful day.
I did that with grad school.
Work plus scholarships plus stipend for being officer on student ALA chapter.
For sure  after January 10th.
Until then, no time to kick back with the JD.
Must focus...
Painted my nails green but ewwww I look like hulk 
sea Who has been the biggest inspiration in your life?
Why?
ModernMiddleEast test I will conquer you today!!
yep.
You are definetly the last person to know.
I thought everybody knew that one.
Lol
John Shewchuk delivered a nice presentation at CIS2010  and it seems we agree...OAuth2 is the future...I love it
OH SNAP!
AMeezy aka about to start shuttin' down beats, HATERS SIT DOWN.
:
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Albert Camus
lol kill some boys AND Men!!
lol
yes!!
I am currently at my 1930 murder mystery party!
daddy says God will take it all away so that I know it was him that gave it to me in the 1st place..I really feel it
Just realized that last tweet was missing an about, maybe you don't always need an about.
what happened near your store?
Preparing to launch a new video to spread the word about www.iheartonenote.com
Time efficiency trials, Day 1: Gravity assisted rapid descent down spiral staircase  Fail.
she'd be hot, if she didn't smoke lol
if i had long arms i could reach the cabinet
No interest yet for SISTERS from our customers in Baltimore County, either
Whenever it is possible, choose some occupation which you should do even if you did not need the money.
William Lyon Phelps
sigh Very stupid gas.
I sympathize.
RT : And gas.
Stupid gas.
I don't know how I keep erasing all my texts.....
If I don't answer back is because I erased it..
So please resend
WATCH OUT FOR JULY FOR THE MUCH ANTICIPATED DOUBLE SINGLE RELEASES FROM THE MINI ALBUM EP!
Her tweets are so ridiculous.
She's outrageous.
Haha
Need to doctorwn out this whole world and turn on the radio and dance...
3
nah join in, you are great at nonsense, as our fearless leader should be!!
Just checked into my awesome room at Hampton Inn Huntersville!
Yep.
Plays Grace Farrell.
Was terrific in her first big role.
cool!
Ralph aka Michael G.
from is in !
Super talented physical comedienne!
thanks guys!!!
Gonna watch Joyful Noise then New Years Eve D
Let us know who got the hook up on VDay gifts.
nah guru.!
In a city as musicaly diverse as New Orleans THAT was the best you could do
RT : You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Sexy people at track!
:D ask :P
The job is motivation to get on the plane.
Wine and Xanax help me stay ON the plane.
Early morning in Santa Clarita
My hint to everyone today, buy silver, like food the price is only going to go up, but you can't eat silver ;
just dont settle for less, i dont have to tell you that a angus burger from mickydees does not substitute for Morton's Stkhs
that the only solution is military intervention, who says that peace talks don't work?
issue with
MYC Middle School students will be combined with the High School/College tonight in the YWC!
7pm!
This weather is simply perfect
Thanks for the mention!
aw u still got da last name there
Kepler Lucas :My puppydog eyes seem to have no effect on the pantry door.
it's ok no one has to know that you secretly wish you were us!
You should be my it girl baby
For a moment, long dark cloud formation reminded me of mountain range.
So homesick for CA!!
Now weeping uncontrollably
after what seemed like 2 years Jessica finally had her baby!
damn girl
you got it...
what size...
pick another!
It's a cold, gray day and you're reduced to eating a microwaveable burrito with a plastic knife.
Starting my 5 day fast in the morning.
you watching any of the games?
I'm not sure where my patience has gone but I'm really getting tired of trying to find it.
I'm ok with 87.
That ROCKS.
Time to go buy snacks!
I wasn't planning on watching..
that read like something would have tweeted...and that's not a compliment.
My Klout score is falling.
Used to be 37, now 28!
I feel like I need to launch freekloutscore.com and have wacky commercials
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
21
I watch it daily...
love the music, so perfect.
Hope your busy is good busy ;
I think I'm gonna Mohawk my head for graduation ceremony.
If not reverse Mohawk it like Marshall does before his wedding in HIMYM.
I had dinner with a really great friend tonight, my adopted mom, and all is right with the world.
StrongWomen make the best friends!
Joke would have been better had u waited until 10am to tweet that.
I'll give u benefit of doubt assuming you're in So Paulo
Arrived in Houston, TX this afternoon to be with my Mother.
I am blessed.
why does that not surprise me.
I'm sure I will get to experience during my jaunts across the state
Get out ppls relationship , its not your place n never will me .
follow me you sexy piece of man meat!
YUMMY!
lol
If you look good and doctorss well, you don't need a purpose in life.
Robert Pante, fashion consultant
I saw sleigh bells earlier this year...
what a great show.
Have fun
QOTD  She doesn't even know what Netscape is!
I may seem cold hearted, but that's only because of how many times I've been hurt.
I refuse to let it happen again.
IGNIS FATUUS THE ALBUM IS COMING OUT VERY SOON!!!!!
I just tweeted the wrong eduardo sanchez
Happy Thursday 3
ahahaha oh brooke!
Re: tonight's Bones fight: Mike Kerr  1aye do not condone violence!
TEAM signed up for: Summer Coed Flag Football at Lewis and Clark College Wednesdays.
I have to wake up at 5:45 tomorrow to go get my permit.
What's this fuckery?
yes : did u have a nice time with your family??
How do u celebrate in your country?
The recycling bins here remain stuffed to overflowing as they have been since the first snow in December.
Sigh.
no problem!
:
awww I'm sry.
I didn't kno.
Well I rely hope u get a ton better.
i couldn't find my cat sarah, then i realized i accidentally locked her inside the closet outside all day.
poor thing.
lol
nowplaying Right By My Side by and 3
All independent artist of all kind please go and follow ....
ain't taken no for an answer !!!!!!!
Snowing and sunny???
Oh New England...
It's ok.
Blame it on
heard you had a bday...
Tuhhh happy bday old man
you make me feel like a kid!
haha.
I'm not the one you wanna win.
Its a losing game and I'm losing it.
I dont mean to brag, but I take huge pride in my lemonade vs tea ratio when it comes to creating an Arnold Palmer.
The combo is crucial!!
plz follow huge fans follow too come on give some new Yorkers love
just now on Comedy Station a comedian mentioned a gay techno terrier in a bit about dogs.
Squat Thrusts, or Burpees, are a great way to incorporate some cardio and full body strength training into your workout!
: When breaking up, it's only polite to go out with a bang.
Ladies and gentlemen, LeBron James and the Miami Heat.
That awkward moment when you already know 's big announcement, but have to wait til they announce to talk about it...
And mine???
Wish Twitter would let you like a tweet.
innovation should be a top priority for everyone involved in the project.
I'm not letting the account managers off the hook.
Thanks for the FF!
We shall work through this trying time together.
We're one swirl away when you need us!
See you soon!
It's been a beautiful day here in Washington.
Hope it holds thru the weekend, though I am told it's gonna rain....
Inlaws are there to be a pain nothin personal its there job shot out to mines lls
today I learned that Melbourne was originally named Batmania.
I felt you needed to know this.
That finale sucked balls.
Terrible writing.
I spit on that finale.
Omg people is so sweet to me :
Can a person with no legs allowed to say I can't stand yu?
Holy crap, I am just now digging myself out after that 24hour readathon.
Leap ahead of most students.
Learnreally learnhow to use its and it's.
It matters more than you might think.
I'm wearing a green sweater.
I will watch for you
era mi hermana :/
Watching Lost In The Trees sound check.
Can't wait to spend Friday night with the best boyfriend ever:
Crazy cool!
Impressive.
Tomorrow is GraduationCentral!
We'll be there selling our discounted New Grad Bargain Bag with tons of great stuff for the ClassOf2012!
Brewers at MillerPark vs Astros on Saturday, April 23rd at 6:10 p.m.
Let us take you out to the ball game!
Reserve now..call 6087642917
One doesn't think of Garcia Marquez as a true crime writer, but his News of a Kidnapping is one of the best of its kind ever.
Yes, coming back home!
Cant wait till i see land again!
Another aftershock in cville
Awesome day hahaaa
It was the first book that I read in Brooklyn  then I discovered that I was living in the same neighborhood that she wrote about...
Official lesson of the day learned: don't sext when her mom checks her phone
your so welcome!
He's too cute!
Looks likehe's having alot if fun :
The Schaefer for Judge campaign needs a laborfriendly local printing company for campaign printing projects.
Referrals appreciated!
Mean and funny.
I love Michael Scott : I wish you were still in the office!!!
With My Acting Coach ,!
well get on that thang ride
thanks for the follow
and I are working hard right now 
I need a little bit of change.
Gonna be trying something new.
Ok finally stopped hitting my screen while looking at 's tweets realizing it was a prank
Never heard of someone being in love then moving on so quick .
DVD: Port of Shadows
LIES!
FACEBOOK TRAINING: Perceived Value/Positioning Yourself As An EXPERT Is Lying!
Would you use a Doctor That Did This?
I Dont Trust Alot Of People Because Most People Cant Be Trusted.!
you must be jamaican.
because jamaican me want to punch your face.

NOLA is magicjust had a lovely evening in the French Quarter.
Hope u had fun too sister!
You were amazing on the panel
kudos on the nice spread today.
Newspapers should take note, you can't beat technology, so report on it well and stay relevant.
Stress, stress, it's the best!!
Try our SIMPLE  FIT 2Egg Breakfast Scrambled egg substitute, two strips of turkey bacon, whole wheat toast and fresh fruit.350 Calories
Omg just got the best new for you ..
The McDonalds on 1st ave now delivers!!!!
you bore me 
How are you doing it?
Codeacademy or just by teaching yourself?
I see I was about to put out a GPSA lol
lmao!
It's like seeing a jungle cat in the wild.
ohh nope!!
so it will be somewhere on my bday...
:
: If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes.
Even with your eyes closed you can tell theyre dykes
packing up and heading to oklahomacity for 's birthday extrrrrrrrrravagaaaaaaaaaanza!
congrats miss i cant txt josh today
ok...
I didnt do nuthin to her so idky shes all mad at me.
reason we passing on WRs is because we have them,colt couldnt get them da ball
Nothing beats primary source PDA!
In Washington and just realized I'm 50 miles away from Canada...
Uh can I go visit Bieber?
I could really use a nice cold ginger ale.
Oh, very welcome.
Pain during ejaculation can be due to strictures of the urethra and if there is infection in the ...
Off to Lake Mills for lunch with John Laabs from Wisconsin Broadcasters, said Ill meet you for 2 hamburgers at the tavern, not sure where
I was gonna shower right now but I'm too sleepy!!
Im not really a waitress.....check out this scrumptious berry nail lacquer from OPI if u need a little pop of gorgeous in ur life!!
:
Just took all my MAC off.
Feels good to be naked 
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
On the Phish website, there's a balloon over Manchester, TN for June 6th...
Wha?
A 10 year old just told me Ima dumbass o.o
I was born to be somebody, ain't nothin that's ever gonna stop me.
I'll light up the sky like lighting 3
U said i won't make without u?!
Picture that  as would SING GET YOUR LIFE!!
no problem.
:
Super Bowl and Crawfish.
Big fire.
Lots of fun.
I prayed for no more rain.
He listens, so all is good!
RT : Suspending the campaign does not mean suspending citizenship.
Newt Gingrich.
Too bad.
//agreed
saw the last 2 and a half men show of the season.
is jake leaving the show?
I did it
A Goofy Movie is trending.
RT if you have ever watched that movie before, or are aware of it.
A Goofy Movie.
Thumbs up for Page One, great inside look at the NY Times as newspapers fold around them.
Currency market opens at 5pm.
Do not expect to much market movement as many countries still on holiday mode.
RT : Anyone make high quality tshirts with custom graphics?
I am taking bids for a project
I'm interested in doctorpal session.
I need to yak less and hack more today.
the power of 40404  awesome for small businesses
Those moods where you're just so happy and you don't know why  biggest smile on my face right now :
A girls smile is her sexiest curve.
Damn she got into a car accident i feel bad now for callin her a send off
MT : A bunch of folks want to know right now what you want from museum social media.
Tell them w/ musesocial 
Nope I forgot about the Emmy's  nope I didn't get that issue yet, I will soon tho.
Have you read it?
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice.
when can you come see me????
Cmon there's marines, the beach...
What more could you want!
I miss you too
Working closely with the reps.
We owe the press for Tinkers to reps doing serious leg work.
PennAW: What's next?
3  4:30 PM, Women Newsmakers: The Power of the Female Perspective, Sponsored by the Class of 1987
i'm finally mobile again!!!
i love having my BB to doctorve!
Renowned Portland Artist Bill Rutherford's new Sculpture Collection...Success!
Only 4 left.
Puttin the team on my back doe!
Inbound marketing kits including howto videos and instructional ebooks on a number of inbound marketing topics
Thats more like it
my period is 5 days late.
ugh wth
a bromance blossoms RT no, you come here and eat bacon
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with a time of 28:33 with Nike GPS.
I'm kind of waiting for a contestant on The Voice 2 say Life has been pretty good to me.I'm really just here to sing and have fun.
can I have the money you'll use for the candles instead??
Lmao
Bitch, I dot know your life.
And there're these preppy people in front of me giving me the stank eye.
Keep fucking lookin at me I'll knock your teeth down your throat.
This year o jump shots Paul's eFG was .493 to Parker's .413.
There's not even an discussion there.
Saw the vid a few days agowow!
Talk about being bitter..I also think that he's ironically displaying his own ugly imperialism
she's adorable!!!
that's not funny.
I'm going to have to recall the box of bbq I sent to you.
That did not happen yet darling, that's why I'm making fun of my buddy !
Don't forget the bagel sandwich on your way to work!
Call for takeout or come over!
3036230525 Bagel Sandwich 3.99
To compare is not to improve.
Does anyone know how to set you tube parameters.
I need to fit hidef video into 16x9 format on a website.
Please DM.
Met with the owner of Agency DJs today.
Then got a job with a photog ive been wanting to work for.
today was crazy but awesome!
I'm pretty good at ignoring the word hoeski now If it doesn't bother it's not gonna bother me either
Thoughts on parking meters in your neighborhood?
Working on a gripe about it for tmister
Love Potion: Great song  tells a story
Anyone else think Charles Barkley should Just eat until he pops?
where did you get the nikes in your last blog post?
having a painful time looking for new nikes.
oh, just 2 weeks from the race!
lol don't say that!
My friend made it!
the fake celebrities, the relationship advice, the sarcastic willy wonkas.
its fuckin awful
well, i'm listening to Railroad Earth's Elko right now...
Try Amber Indian Restaurant on Market near the Four Seasons.
We loved it!
Did you know in Houston, a cop can give a DJ a 1k ticket without a warning or db meter?
Thanks to the CRZ's great GPS system, we made it to Memphis safe and sound!
Look out for the Honda Sport Hybrid at the Memphis tailgate!
Agreed.
RT : That was not a swing
Have a great Monday everyone!
What new music are you guys listening to?
Let us know.
With Cabin in the Woods following The Hunger Games, 21 Jump Street, and John Carter, 2012 has become a year of great genre films!
email for requested pics: THANK YOU!
Congrats to on the award win for Best Opening Line: This is Detroit, so welcome to the jungle.
Looking out my window at work there appears to be some A10's flying overhead for
: Rumors?
Impressive bitch.
At least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
All in San Diego!
just released some standing room only tix  u still have time to come down
I wish you hadn't stopped commenting on the World Turns TV fan page, You're missed over there.
Thank You Father For Your Everlasting Mercy!
RT : No plan is good unless you have some KPIs to measure results
Pauly D  New Liquor Deal Could Make Him CRAZY RICH!!!
Thank you!
It still seems unbelievable!
You won't be so proudofbreezy once I give him the beating he deserves.
IF he accepts my challenge.
Time to man up
about 20 feet for birdie, right?
No video to view.
Relating on your awesome tweets.
Mom: Why are your eyes so red?
Me: I was smoking weed with my friends.
Mom: HA!
Friends!
Go take your allergy medicene.
Me: Okay..
hi Jess!
Did you check it?
: Will we have the honor of your presence?
ugh me too he is fine AF!
yikes, ouch, holy crap, etc.
suburban housing prices may not recover in our lifetime
hey Alex u shud follow us ;D
Bynum whines around and looks like he doesn't care too much.
It makes me mad watching him play
Proud to see and are both dedicated to educating women and preventing poverty this MothersDay.
Support their causes.
You should stat a collection, see how many you can get lol
Trem  quarter doctorft night ?
; how is your lovely wife?
Tell E I said hello.
Magic words are Have you moved?
It makes people think if they are really registered and if they need to update.
Jasmine V has to follow me on Twitter !
ThoughtDuringSchool What to plank....
What to plank....
Don't tell me my travel is my only addiction.
If I love Australia I won't leave!
Daddy just taught me some cool guitar walk downs on 'Dean Reed's favorite' :
well your welcome :
Sleeps just time spent wasting time.
Totally Agree.
Twitter Spam Sucks.
I can't wait until my wive's birthdays 3
Serious prayer needed for my son right now ASAP thx.
Willem Dafoe is the closest a human will come to looking like a monkey.
I swear omg me and didn't know we were gonna see Janet Jackson nshit
Wow, I left the TV for an hour and a half, I come back and the Bulls are up 45, wow...
Apparently no one amused you.
I honestly would think there would be one there.
I like the Swedish fish one!
dude, there is no way to describe how many years off my life some of your shots have taken, you are an awesome Spur!
keep it up!!!
If anyone has a complaint against another, even as Christ forgave you, so you also must do.
Col.
3:13
I cant wait till text monday!!:
Let me ask this: what exactly does one tweet during a play?
especially with his lil weasle voice, that shit would sound dope with a dope nrock beat, but he's fuckin it all up.
But koodos on bridg gap
As says, roflcon is like Woodstock for meme geeks.
Nerdvana for sure.
Though we should start tallying Reddit mentions.
As information: our website, rightdirectioninc.org, has been temporarily shut down for maintenance.
We'll have it up and running soon
next to you by jb  chris brown
how was gym
TODAY IS MY 6TH STRAIGHT DAY OF WORK
A winner of the Ducati has been chosen from !
Check your inbox, you may be the winner!
Will announce once confirmed!
If that strategy ever works out for you, let me know.
Running the gauntlet of mall kiosk hucksters is daunting indeed.
Zuccotti Park looks like a homeless renaissance festival more than a protest
Yep, apparently it didn't do too well.
I think an Einstein's will take its place.
the party is HERE tonight Thirsty Thursdays with host and and guest DJs doctornks specials, beer pong and much more
I've been a bit quiet the last year or so.
Now it's time to get loud.
design a campaign/event that can incorporate offline and online media and spread it via social media
first follower!!
Got a sweet hair cut!
I went to see what's trending and most of them are about penis's..
Hahahah
Hmm...
I'm not a good athlete because I don't run back and forth to the water fountain every single time ?
OkDad ...
great video cover on call me may be  you and your band are amazing  u have to be so glad u have so much friends ;d
Lane Bryant last year I think.
In a pinch, you could get Cafe Press to make ya' one.
We'll open a store  be rich!
:D
Should've gone with my first choice
Sometimes people are nice and it's nice when they are.
Things are falling apart again
please open the door I just wanna talk
I miss my black streaks.
Get head while im readin call that shit FaceBook
Creating custom module for doctorpal today!
oh I see
Morning Everyonee : Have A Great Day :
that makes u...um...
RT When asked if I'm tech early adopter, I replied I won't be the first, but I won't be the third.
Nothing better than a sweet tea on a sucky day
Well hot damn, son.
I may have to come check you out live and in person and in living color.
Go Yankees!
And go NYRangers!
It's a first.
No one double parked in G St at 15th bike lane tonight.
Its raining blessings and opportunities today!
No umbrella needed ;
Pro tip: when sending a formatted email, remember to properly capitalize the recipient's name, remove from body, and cont...
Latenight, Easter AP Euro notes.
Yeah.
where is this loft located?
I have a customer looking for a 3 bed loft space!
Saw Avengers, a storm's raging, I have a whimpering dog sleeping on my feet and a talkative cat rubbing on my chair.
Time to write.
please tell me you got that from who's line is it anyways!
I'm not hot...
I'm spicy!
the floor might collapse from the sheer weight of it!
Hah!
What were you reading, by the way?
Anything good?
When you wake up around 23am without any reason, there's an 80 chance that someone is staring at you.
.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy Nutella and that's close enough.
:
Bored as hell..Caught myself 5 dayss so I guess imma be just bored juring that time 
I need outside intervention.
what's sups cuz
This nigga is going ham on Corbin up on his fb
Brewers game tonight at 7:10 against the Reds 2 hot dogs and 3 Louies and Damsel cans!
You can't beat a deal like that!
Milwaukee...it's time again for PLAYOFF HOCKEY!
Let's get 'em tonight boys!
SEA, DC, NYC, NJ, NYC, DC, SEA.
This is a good thing.
If you arent fired with enthusiasm, youll be fired with enthusiasm.
Vince Lombardi
3/4 a singer I mean u was the one tht said NeverSayNever and I live by that and if u could follow me I would be so happy but
Awesome!
Did you enter on the blog  include your ring size?
follow the club
They'll be unhappy until gay divorce is legalized.
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself the master of that line.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Did three things right: Online video YouTube Lots of content 8 videos a daylibrary
Need to be studying for this Math, but in all reality I just want to lay in my bed.
Naw, I want to see Avengers instead.
Gaylord Stinchcombe is probably my most favorite fictional name that I have created.
un.
real.
Let's go Tribe!!!
And the mahomies are SO PROUD OF AUSTIN too!
Can you follow me please?
Im a spanish mahomie and I LOVE AUSTIN3
NBC News: Newt Gingrich will lose his Secret Service protection tonight
I can be such a bitch sometimes omg
Funny that DaveBlaney is trending worldwide  I think he officially qualifies for interview now!
Happy Bday D.
I wish I was there to celebrate it with you.
Anyway have a great dayBAMM.
just another hoop to jump through
we need yue back in our life, come c us, and we can be BAMF
yayy road trip with my favorite girls
Woo!
Got the break room to myself!
You were a great friend to me Ryan I considered you part of my family.
I love you man
How do you fight it?
How do you just ignore it?
How do you just let it go?
Is it even possible?
Follow me
thank you for the recommendation
You deserve your spot on How could anyone not love your personality : So happy to hear you speak
plus u sexy, tatted up and u tall...
: 3 soo true...
Who shut down Wells Fargo today?
WE shut down Wells Fargo today!
So great 2 see u honey!
Thanks so much 4 coming 2 support!: About to see my girl Do her thang at johnvarvatos store
brave to take on an adele song  sounds awesome!
Our live coverage of the Sweet Sixteen in Boston, Badgers vs Syracuse, starts at the top of the hour on 91.7 fm
Practice tonight at 5?
HAHAHA!
thank you.
This is a boring ass movie.
Having said that, I think the NYR WILL WIN IT ALL
You treat me so bad but I still luv you.
Kisses
And yet again, Google grossly underestimates NYC traffic.
unwittingly admits that Carter was the best job growth president.
yum!
did you like?
Life is short.
Which is why I've decided to celebrate Father's Day today.
Thanks for helping us hit 1000 today.
Tell everyone you know about the film.
Help us tell CSA survivors know they're not alone.
I have an irrational fear that when I open my garage door in the morning, I'll see a guy just squatting in there, chillin'.
Oops, we're : YouRock!
MDSBW12 always wonderful to hear you speak!
its only paradise if you follow me ;P
Follow back?
I have been confined to my room.
Some things, are just left better unsaid and kept to yourself.
Sorry I couldn't stay for the whole thing!
Uh that's not attractive....
Why does work writing require 3 times as much effort and distraction as other writing?
yellow not so great, our awesome as always, brought some to LaHinas for Jared to deep fry it but too busy right now!
I'll take punk ass nerd Dj producers over sellout DJs any day bro
FACT: if Greenspan wouldn't have fought against regulation of dishonest financial products in the 90s we would've avoided recession.
Thanks for the follow, I admire your writing!
Thanks for coming out Tuesday.
Hope you give the site a spin!
Let us know if we can answer any questions.
can you send one this way?
I was literally just about to ask for music suggestions myself.
Can I have a grandeass coffee?the guy on line in front of me at Starbucks
and back across the Narrow Sea with you Sir Richard!
RT ZOMG DJ AM makes a cameo on the new south park
I love gettin those I miss you txt frm my bf :
it's clean now and I always take the otter box off too
Missing my lil Family
Nice!
: Will be attending meetings this morning of both the SEC's Media Relations Directors and Chief Marketing Officers.
do you have a timeframe for google integration with your software?
Colombelle Blanc is razor sharp...tastes like a good switchup for Sauvignon Blanc fans
When a big girl get married how can her hushband carry her through the door ?
Do we have to be associated with a particular publication?
I'm a freelance writer/editor.
I know NHLI is amazing...
i like a nasty ass clean ass girl
ojk text me when u wanna hang with me:
it was me.
i'm in SD!
jkjk
I guess I mean Cstyle pointers like in linked lists?
This should be in AnyRef, but I'm having trouble exposing it.
I'm reading diaryofawimpykid rite now the 3rd book
There's an app for 1 of the cutest picture books out there Press Here.
CUTE!!!
How it going Bro will you follow us please.
We would like to email you a track.
HappyNewYear and thank you
Shouldn't you have read doctorams From My Father before the '08 election?
It's like you guys are just discovering he wrote a book.
If you were to redesign iTunes today, what would you remove?
I am So close to enough coins for colors in doctorw something.
So close!!!
I am thankful for the high ceilings in the newsroom...
It covers up smells.
is officially filing a restraining order on mother nature.
Why is a baseball game in San Diego involving two West Coast teams being played at 3:35 on a weekday?
then doctornk at home
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, how tf does all of that happen to you in 3 weeks??
A fantastic work of metafiction!
: 'Suddenly, a Knock on the Door: Stories' by Etgar Keret
hm.
I wonder if you're sitting near
polls are so much fun.
poll: Obama today: disapprove 50, approve 41.
CNN poll: Clinton Jan 5, 1996: disapprove 49, approve 42
Woo got a 93 on my first college exam lol
It's time for the postlunch coffee...
Thank you for sharing the Warren video!
Immensely appreciated.
OMG!
Lmao I just saw this!!!
Hahahahahaha
use to pay kobe now i pay lebronjeezy
my cat is rapping at me.
She's pissed we ran out of wet food.
in The stars are wearing French Braid Headband why can't we?
Here are a few steps to creating your french braid headband.
Not a fan, but I'd take Fenty  his tude over our other mayors any day.
He's a doer!
This town needs doers!
This town needs an enema!
Lol I know right?
Although the sun is still up when I hit the sheets.
Congrats to who were able to bring on as part of their team.
It never fails u can set my cup down in sum random place like timbuktu or constantinople an my son will still find a way to knock it over!
i get your point  not saying anything is good or bad, it is just a fact
Just Learned How To Take A Screenshot : Haha
want to grow back my hair!
he really has a way with the ladies..
Knows how to do it the right way
put some backer in our mouths
A dollar an inch!
RT : Tis the hour when tweets turn weird and dirty
ILOVEYOUMORE!!
Lolz, almost got run over I'm crying so hard
Happy Mothers Day , Your the best Second Mom Ever !
; I hope you had a good day ..
please follow me ?
no I can't say I have.
I've jumped in a shark tank but I can't say I've tipped a cow.
Maybe in 2012 could be on my wish list.
Alter egos unite This could be trouble, folks.
Some of these bath and bodyworks scents are nasty!
Every chick is whipping out in half pipe what the hell?!
bitch you gone need us before we need yo.broke ass
WMATA says: Red Line: Trains are single tracking btwn Ft.
Totten  New York Avenue due to track work.
Expect delays in both directions
ah well time to hit the hay goodnight noodles;
I know I say this all the time but you really need to get into modeling the camera loves you
now you're just being picky.
Pat O'Briens at the Final Four think last time I was here was 2004!
same here!
At least it's better than regular milk!
All damn she's heartbroken...
I'm coming 2 the rescue!
I want to punch Buzz Williams in the face every time I see his ugly mug on ESPN!
I smoke blunt to take the pain out and if I wasnt high Id probably blow my brains out.
Excited for a fabulous Betsy camera bag from giveaway!!
Enter to win at the Market all weekend!
I once shared with a friend a bottle of wine that tasted like rare steak.
It was not good, not bad.
We finished the bottle.
Why do British people never sound British when they sing?
only once I'd hope.
;
I'm following too many people ...
time for a TL sweep .
haha I hear ya, I thought I would readjust quickly to the weather, which has not been the case at all, congrats on the marriage!
I hate when boys break up with there ex girlfriend then get back with them a month later..
we all need protein!
:
If you were reading Henry Miller's Tropic of Cancer at the Dayton Metro Library this morning, I was reading over your shoulder.
94.5 is on point right now thoe :O 
One direction no offense but wat kind of fans do u have.
Not all fans might be bitches and i apologize for those 1d fans who respect the win
: Jeremy Lin goin to doctorp Lebron I would LOVE to c that!
LOL
My Aunt just reminded me of my age.
Ugh...my head hurts now.
Had a great time last night at my BDay Party.
Thanks to everyone for making it out!
It's always nice  a good feeling when you go the way of escape in temptation GodBless tweepz, I'm gon..
Wow...
BOYFRIEND!
Sign that the machines have already won: hour long classroom training required to learn how to use a new desk phone.
I think I miss rotary.
You are very welcome!
Keep up that hard work in BH!
wow I hate this school.
so.
fucking.
much.
ahah :  he followed u :D
can't wait to give you new tunes to add to the collection!!!
One more night of work until my day off!!!!
3 I like goin' in the woods, gettin' muddy, but that's just part of bein' a country girl 3
ok where was that
Incredible graduation today!
40 employees from 1 of our corporate clients.
Realworld English as a second language classes.
So inspiring.
July 21 is FOLKSTEP  Upstairs Folk: Tumbleweed Company, Sassy Molasses, Terminal Union / Basement: DWB, Juan Cosby, Dub Locks, Ariosa
Another beautiful day.
Thank God for another day.
Going to church to give thanks then It's a gig out in VA.
It never stops.
Thanks for the reminder!
: That chicken fajita taco at Whataburger is pretty darn good, just sayin'.
The postmatch thoughts post also gives an explanation of what actually happened on the Sapong foul and goal called back.
Have a great time Brian!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
F with me ONE MORE TIME.
Hahaha
ABDC is going to be sick tonight!
There dancing to doctorke!
3
Ahh...
To sleep perchance to doctoram...
New day, new week.
I was not put here on Earth to be just ordinary.
I need to get a poster board for spanish
Philly is the most disgusting city in the world.
Fuck the flyers!
Let's go Devils!
summer means tank tops.
get ready
well, glad you got it :
I follow :
your hair is curly like mine3
it's about damn time!
I'm having withdoctorws!
you're crazy.
...i need a steady independent money making sex machine girl....lmaol....
celebrate by sucking their own dicks and justin was like wait what?
no thats gross!
omg it was hilarious
Smh the fuckery at the school.
I want Don happy.
But not this kind of happy.
thanks lady!
You will have to come back to support us
working hard as always
omg he died?
Working out of the studio today on an editorial submission.
when i get my 1000th follower, i'll be following over 2000 people.
hehehe still hoping the lakers will wake up here.
Real soon.
I'm 111 pages into the Hunger Games really a great read so far.
Plan to finish tonight!
I really hope we dont do out speeches today.
It's Friday.
Why do we have to start today?
use gloves.
Don't want to get it dirty.
Youngins are working the corners around liquor store.
Asked if I wanted to make 10, had to turn me down.
's sting taught me.
I'm not sure....maybe he is pulling his groin.
Know that wishin on a star can turn yo life into a doctoram.
Entertainment in the car for kids while you doctorve: License Plate Lingo  Come up with a phrase using the letters of license plates you see.
MolotovJukebox: Off to bed...
Nat has to get to her next job in half an hour though...
I have nothing.
But I have you, God.
Thks for following!
from author of CLAUDE  CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET  MARRYING MOZART.
Hopelessly happy best thing in world!
thanks Von!
John Maynard KEYNESEnglish ECONOMIST  Fabian SOCIALISTBRAGGED about promoting theEuthanasia of Capitalismister 
Real world is casting for another sf season.
I hope their house is in the marinathey never go out in the missionI don't know they're here
I feel ya, hon.
I hate to think what shape I'd be in if I didn't have my meds.
I not so fondly remember my depression holes.
Chesapeake Lodging Trust Reports First Quarter Results; Pro Forma RevPAR Increased 12.2 and Pro Forma Adjusted Hotel ...
Nothing better than having Cawood come on a random IPod shuffle leading up to the Dance.
Sorry if you were sent spam from my account, everyone.
I blame !
;

Never run out of reasons to smile.
Come on....
Dammit.....
You know you want to respond!
Aunt's r the best.
They'll help with things your parents just won't understand.
Go Aunts:
Agreed.
Do I believe in God?
Yes.
Do I think we should view ourselves as vessels to jusitfy war in name of?
NO.
RT me for more followers, me too.
I think golfers should do those on the first tee with one another  especially of they're on the same staff
Downtown at the glasses store on fifth
All of the above It was MORE racist against white guys.
But it was also a shot at black guys.
Im an equal opportunity offender.
Cleaned my whole apartment yesterday.
Not fun but always feels great afterwards
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Thomas Jefferson
yup like Hood but we need one every year to come!
No one is worth your tears and if someone is, they really won't ever make you cry.
Lamest touchdown ever RT : Expecting people to be celebrating slowly turning around and then sitting down all over the city tonight
Chicken salad with crackers 
North Koreans!
Ah
I'm only speaking in Spanish tonight so if you text me it will be in Spanish
Being sick  ugh.
ALL ARTIST STILL WANTING A FT.
EMAIL ME 
Good morning!!
Rise and shine!!
Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown..
Sometimes, I think I am the only person in the world who has the theme song to 'The Facts of Life' on her iTouch.
Come Monday, I'm back to my summer'11 diet!
Conference tourney starts Tuesday night at home, 6pm versus a very good Cornell team.
Come out and support our players!!!
thanks for the props!
if I got the hours u sure can : and thank you!!!
I wanna see u soon
Remember a month or so ago when people were worried about the Cavs making the playoffs?
Yeah, that went away fast...
: Met some cool new people and played some good ass beer pong  had a good day!
and picked up clothing from Jairo's
The mask that you wear is just an illusions.
We've picked up our cross, we've found a solution.
Saturday night special: Pulp.
Opened with Do You Remember.
On a mission for local fame.
I lost sight of my doctorams.
Now I'm going to chase them down while I still can
put a bird on it
Days are too busy, Hours are too fast, But there is always time for me to think about you..
it should be CHANGCHANG.
That's a no brainer.
Looking forward to Law  Order: GCC!
Seeking expert to educate NFL Spouses regarding the NFL's potential upcoming strike.
Celebrity Spouses will feature up to date information
will the irattating voices ever stop!?!?!
nice press release
Since oomf sleep i have no one to talk to, GNight yall
I TWEETED ON THE RONG POST JEZ
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Paul Brandt
see if mark can make it Friday.
I get off work at noon so I can meet y'all somewhere!
I'm having a Ketel One lemon doctorp instead.
Haven't been yelled at like that since my mom.
Crazy!
In comparison, anything that happens is ...
Oh yay You gonna ride down with him on the back?
OH!
better yet doctorve your car with Gibbyyyy!!
;
: ARE YOU GOING TO COME BACK TO T.V IN 2012 I AS A FAN MISS SEEING YOU ON T.V.PLEASE RETURN TO T.V
why not finally say that policy of always opposing the president purely political reasons is completely unamerican/childish
A wind gust of 70 mph was reported in Harwich today.
don't get to fight your battles for you!
Haven't you heard?
I'm the crazy bitch around here.
if i had 1 wish i would wish to be with my cousin Jaden
Some of the shit said on twitter is out of this world.i'm a start another twitter called rachetness.Feel free to join If u r ate up or
is back home.
haha sometimes.
It's actually kind of interesting
perhaps.
Fall doctorpped starting in June.
They prob are.
: don't you think Luke Donald's tartan pants are fall?
It's been nice spending YET ANOTHER Saturday morning with you.
You know where I am MF.
no I'm not gonna go back until the fall
It's not fashion without an afterparty
said it must be....lmao you know it
At our worst we doctorss our best.
The banner is etched with their doctorams for a better place.
DUECES AP SPANISH 
aww sweet Thank You !
Bring the skins
hehehe okay it'llbe our little secret :P :D
Not sure yet.
We're having our first organizers meeting tonight to plan things out.
word of advice.
don't be flirting and trying to get with someone the same day you go into a relationship with someone else.
...nearly ?
hm...don't worry, we'll fix that once the season starts.
oh i can see you im just not lookin at you son
Missin every moment of his presence
casino stereotypes debunked sessionno sleep crazy networking epic so far
follow back?
:
Watching austin and ally...............not goin to school tomorrow...woot woot!!!!
gnight JohnBoy, I'm going to catch at least 40 winks.
:
Got my feet and eyebrows done
NY Giants select Virginia Techs David Wilson running back with 32nd overall pick in the first round.
Im trying like he trying lol
I love different.
That's what keeps shit from getting boring.
it's vday!
get outta there quick!
What a beautiful day!!
..
Go EAGLES!
I feel so blessed, So fortunate.
I have my health and the love of family and friends.
Goodnight everyone.
wouldyou tell me I'm beautiful when it's a day of my worst?
I caught that too.
I wonder while Adam Jones was working with Tony Gwynn, was Mark Reynolds working with Dave Kingman.
Thanks for the mention!
Sent of a resume to 's , which would actually be a great fit.
I wrote my dissertation on pancakes.
With syrup.
IF I SEE THORNTON, I WILL ORCHESTRATE AN ANGRY MOB  Reporter Prince agreed
Having said that, what are OUR expectations for MayweatherCotto ?
I've heard Floyd will win at least 10 rds, I've heard toss up
How about a piece of chocolate in the middle of the day?
and the packers just won with that stop.
Score here and to open the 3rd.
D shows up in big moments.
david dejesus.
that is all.
thanks for following , we appreciate it!
hope to see you at one of our upcoming events soon!
the ending was a tearjerker.
Very well done
I need a Clear mind cause I've Been blind to Long..
Is my earwax supposed to taste this buttery?
deep water carter, fishing for a dollar.
call me at 2703178082
ME TOO!
I'm gonna try to lose more but ya know..it's a process..a slow steady one hahah
Anyone have any cooking tips?!
no problem I always love an enlightened exchange.
This is interesting!!
eats morning oatmeal
I feel awful :
My blog is about learning everything, lol.
Video tutorials on every subject  it forces me to branch out!
its a call center
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be managed or transcended.
That's why I don't have a dog
What's your rec?
RT : Can you suggest a seminar or conference on digital strategy for a new newspaper web editor?
Work out w / crystal in like 20 , 30 mins .
Says speaker at interedition, DjVu is the most used ebook format in Poland
pulled out a thump let that hoe jump bullets blickin at you like omg wtf he soft as a bitch hit him in shit then he started talkin shit
Our cover of 's Boyfriend is sounding HOT!
Coming at you tonight!
Omg!
I love you ICONiacs!
U always make me laugh or smile in someway!
: stay GRAND for the GRANDerz!
nowplaying Nancy Wilson.
When Sunny Gets Blue.
Hey : how are you ?
going to espinozapaz concert this friday yea
Happy Mother's Day.
Like I'm really shitty...wow
I just can't catch a break
Happy Birthday !
Success is using your talents to elevate other people  doctor Benjamin Carson
word to the unwise, pretending something is all good doesn't make it all good...makes it worse actually, makes people hate other people...
The Bible and Birth Control  Conservative Christian Bible Study ...
her phones off
Bridesmake your wedding Day even MORE funhelp your stoogie family members lightenup  stay away from punchrent us!
Been a loyal Yahoo user for 13 years, but I must admit, I'm surprisingly impressed with Microsoft's Bing.
Its like hes her favorite.
Like she wants to rape him jasmine
Never raise your hand to your childoctorn  it leaves your midsection unprotected
My LinkedIn stream is suddenly filled with poorly written satellitetweet rants about political issues.
It's like MySpace with a briefcase.
fwd'ed you a picture on fb.
has been posting up some pictures from what he can see.
Just saw Game Change!
I read John McCain didn't watch it  The portrayal of him was empathetic.
Julianne Moore was incredible!
Isn't that the truth?!
Good day, for sure.
you just can't deny that every aspect of that style sounds the same.
And it's quit annoying, and the lyrics are retarded usually.
thank you again Sam.
:
have fun!!!
RT : Congrats on your new job!!!
I'm so excited for you chica!
:D thanks
can i get one And follloe back please
no i just need someone on more
on my tablet and have a app called 8tracks and all the songs are people who make them they are very good too
following back
Don't forget!
You can buy up to 3 VOUCHERS for Chandler4Corners and combine them for your purchase
thunderstorm in Minneapolis right now yes
Do you really think the ladies dig the mustache??
: A court ruling in Boston stated that a sandwich 'must include at least 2 slices of bread.' Justice comes in all shapes n sizes
Good morning!
Lots to cover in news,weather department.
Last day solo anchoring b4 our new coanchor joins team, thanks for hanging w/ me!
Wordpress, twitter, facebook, tumblr should be viewed as tools of engagement.
Honestly, I love playing on the same basketball team as my two best friends.
Wait, wait.
I misspoke.
My family HAS been to Orlando.
Don't hit a man when he is down.
Kick him; it's easier.
did you hear about the fight after we left??
Lol
also, , lil' jill is off the table....
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when im reading  people be distracting me lol
want some curry goat  make up Sparkle.
Private joke.
36 ptsWAY TO KILL IT!!
Go Stars!
Bring on the playoffs!!
: the amounts of OB tweets and bodies at McKeldin represents the amount of interest on that issue
Rehearsal?
Is this one of those pretending things where I read from a book?
Because I don't do that so good.
Kemmler
Adding QR code to back of business card to direct clients to my LinkedIn professorle.
Smart idea from my smart friend Anne.
Well no good but valiant effort We are open for condolence doctornks until 12.
It's gonna be huge?
I see what you did there Sean...
I'm wondering if you received the press release I sent you yesterday detailing projected growth for 2012?
thank goodness
sometimes i think The Whole World is on twitterbut then i go home, see a show,  see but one nearby tweet for a mile.
just woke up !
Follow to learn more about trending issues in the industry and the latest events, conferences and more
going to school.
Fight at Travis Lutters saturday
Jay Z  Carnegie Hall  99  i am officially middle aged
Some foods are seasonspecific.
Summer calls for Mom's Spicy Popcorn.
I'm off to the store for ingredients, and then will eat myself sick.
I'll give it month :P
In other database frustrations: redis BGSAVE when the changeset is too large, and you're using 80 of RAM for redis  fail / redesign.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken
Little Weapons is shooting in SanDiego for the next week!
ridiculousness cracks my shit up lmao
RT : Bo Ryan is blocking John L.
Smith's transfer from Weber St to Arkansas
so glad it went well.
Hated to miss it.
Thank you!
Piedmont THATCamp would be awesome!!
If you love something, don't piss it off....
That is all.!!!
ii got fans!
they love me haha
Blepharitis is inflammation of the eyelid.
It can either affect the front or the inner eyelid.
ha!
and it's the word reporters love :
I would always read it before I went to bed and be all cuddled in my blankets like, ah asfksjuzf.
Holy cow.
I can't believe this is happening.
A lot of people will see this as a road block but I see it as a blessing.
Holy man.
I like it when babe falls asleep on my lap 
Because their the second unsexiest team in the NBA.
The first being the Celtics, the them the Spurs will play in the finals.
haha i was talking about andoctorws board
did u see Endy Chavez wear the wrong helmet last at bat?
For you it was a choice?
you can eat Gluten without medical challenges?
correct?Wonder how many choose to not eat it
Don't worry, girls, one day you'll find a guy who ruins your lipstick, not your mascara.
Arlington Irelands Four Courts Bring your kids to the Courts today!
Soccer is on, 50 cent wings, kids eat FREE til 7 pm
FF for your love and support
To follow someone else is to forfeit your ability to make decisions to them.
Yesterday was horrible.
Time to move forward.
I still love the
i ate the last one today :
It still hasn't hit me yet, but I know it will.
Hi there!
Sorry about the wait.
It doesn't usually take that long for delivery.
How was the bbq?
Where did you order from?
alright mister but take it easy and sending you healing huggies ; keep me posted.
U still coming to SD?
came 4 the lulz stayed for the tl;doctors
Cops are at my school.
Go figure.
allgamejobs Are there any experienced programmers looking to make a game of the year on the east coast?
Ping us for more!
put a picture of u :P are u a girl or a boy :P
VOTE.
VOTE.
VOTE.
VOTE.
VOTE.
gotto make it ten for it to count!
Does Romney endorser Ted Nugent's sexist  violent rhetoric concern you ?
When it comes to carpet cleaning in Golden Beach, Florida locals depend on Revolutionary Cleaning.
All the bands here, ready to go.
Sound checking and then relaxing.
Jack thinks he has a Bot Fly Larvae in his head.
Cause he can't think or do right anything?!?
And right after I saw your tweet, I tweeted a faculty member from my personal Twitter accidentally.
Woahh for the first time I'm actually early for school...
Couldn't have said it better!
RT : A2: Passion is key.
realestate  I'm scouting for homeowners in San Diego or other parts of California who've had their mortgage reduced...Please RT.
No no no!
It's watching that class distinction starting to get torn down.
That and it's a soap opera made better by accents.
Can you play So Many Girls by again please!?
So much easier to produce pages when you can start citing other people's work!
Thanks for saving me from MORE primary research!
check yourself before you wrecked yourself in the mental state by resolving 2 be yourself  know that he who finds himself loses his misery.
I have a feeling ur kind of biased tho then it comes to COD.
:
EVERYONE STOP  FOLLOW !!!
She Bad ,  got hella swag..
if you aint following her than you a dum bitch ..
Oh shit its mothers day.
What should i get my mom?
What do women like?
Chick flicks?
Ill buy her my favorite romantic comedy The Accused
Nerlens Noel to Kentucky.
Looks like Pete Thamel can start digging dirt again.
i love storms....
did you have fries too?
I love
WANT all of the furniture in Studio D in the Davidson Library for Atkins uncc group spaces.
Guys are so gross.
God willing and the crick don't rise, this is my last flight out of a DMV airport until pilotday12.
:
Guys these days are starting to be very difficult!!:/ ughh get over yourself
time to hit the ground runnin...like any other day..
while ya sleep, I pounce on ya territory...no wonder those other OG's hated me ;
Do you offer wifi in your galleries?
And if so what was the official rationale?
thx!
I'm a VIP
Disco Night tomorrow kicks off at 8pm!
Kitchen open till 11am.
Prizes for best costumes!
Vintage music, beer  wine!
Exclamation points!
can i ask and can somebody answer?
so wat better, yellow  black or blue  red?
All I want to do is sleep today...but I got plans.
It looks like I'll be giving 5 hour energy a real test.
I wish Shanghai would wake up and get on with shipping me my MBP!!!
Thank YOU for Sharing :
personality.
he's just so sweet, caring, and funny:
tried to dye my hair.
Bryn still has time for your 15 minutes of heaven today  just 10 and he's all yours!
Here until 7 PM Saturday only
Definitely.
But I'm taking a hiatus and I'm going to read a couple other books first.
Movie looks good, too!
: Damn I know cant wait till the next event so the heat can b on sumbody else.Lolright she gotta redeem herself
I really want to meet the brave girl that just moved in across the street from me in the ghetto.
Should I go over there with some cookies?
New Divine Whitening injection,antioxidant,antiaging,with live cell extract from Japan,MJ Diamond 3x trtmnts only 3 M IdoctorInfo:02131908203
You got the same email?
Brah
um wait what comment?
I wish I could be waco bound with you right now.
OR you change waco to lubbock bound.
SituationsWeAllHate when a guy makes it seem like he's getting at you  then he ends up with your friend 
I'm going to start tweeting more.
Thanks for mentioning my contest!
I hate girls that can't respect their girl or relationship.
No worries!
and thanks : RT : Ops!
I meant to wrote Don't FORGET to FF.
Very true!
A close friend of mine fell victim to this after she posted on Facebook about her upcoming vacation.
I finally got it sent:
RT I am fat with a gut and fat people don't deserve noting but a diet and and exercise program even ME
Raise that motherfucker!!!
1/2 Hey, archivists/cultural historians  heard of the aday project, happening today?
People all over the world documenting their day...
Nah, sorry/:
The sun is like my daddy, where is it ?!?
Coolin with at the Mystikal show hosted by !!
Come over!
He said it!
But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to.
Michael Jackson
Home for tonight then off to Korbyn's tommorrow and then the mall...: Comment the new picsI'll return the favor.
Text the cell:
It's and the vest in the doctoresnote!
I put the pro in procrastination.
Thanks!!
Let us know when it's up!
What do you mean?
HOW LONG WAS I OUT FOR?
ok I will and thx for helping me!:
dalailama cracking down on religious inst focusing on money, they are empty
like 2 girls, one guy sandwich?
That's semiquestionable...
winning RT Only 60 more days of taking the 86 bus EVER!!!!
: :
: Good movies make you feel feelings.
GREAT movies make you wanna lift weights.
Couldn't agree more, I just turned Rocky on too.
I'm fangirling already!!!!
I know!
Omg I feel so bad but he really is scary looking..
Know of good deals in Milwaukee?
Tweet us at
hey did you understand the rest of the algebra 2 homework?
im lost...
doctorving Through Washington D.C.?
The woman who has to crunch loudly on crackers in a coding class HAD to sit behind me.
Control StressIs Stress Really Healthy?
Part 2 from:
not really.
I have tried a fewheadfirst and missing manual seriesbut didn't like them too much.
Code academy is good start.
long baths ight before bed
How everyone doing today?
that's what happens when money gets to your head.
He needs to hire a GM though
I'm down!
I'll be in touch bro!
Should be home by the 6th!
No, one man's witch hunt is pretty much another man's witch hunt.
It's just if you're willing to admit it.
I love you it'llbeokaylove
Better now?
I must be popular af

he doctorpped out at the last minute, which was kind of unprofessorssional.Berman's politics are terrible, but that's
then Why did you tell me he will never like me??
food court by goose island just sitting chillin.
I need electrolytes but all I have is vodka
You Don't Have Forever.
My name is Beatus.
Will I get any credit if I predict the next civil war?
Inside the peach blossom there is a little man who likes to rub his shite on the sun.
Get your swagg on
Thanks, Stephen!
being an adult or midlife crisis?
Sorry.....convo with my cuzzo got me in preacher mode.
Off to work we go
Thank you so much !!
:
In fact you can email Chief Clack  .
Let him know you demand better !
All residents should!
The taps are flowing again after 2 days..
The bucket showers were fun but i def appreciate the running water.
Life is good in
we need a someecard for our office that encourages folks to wash their dishes.
Ideas?
It's sad when you try to google the greatest U.S.
President and a vampire movie exploiting his name is predicted ahead of it..
what do you mean?
that guy has a big head
RT : punishing someone because they are still friends with me is a bullshit move....
is that a small god or this God...
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
gay marriage is what the Right calls it to make it sound scary to Repubs.
Makes me wanna punch, too
This is the worst I have seen KU play all year.
S/o took part in makin my new favorite song.
Shits doctorppin on my upcomin album
Girl, please!
Cat and human Binx are equally awesome and crushworthy.
Follow Back ?
If you define best as stalking playerss at the mall and having little knowledge about basketball outside of KY, then yes.
Welcome home!!
RT We made it!!!!
Hello Murfreesboro!
When I graduate next year I'm gonna go on a road trip across the US and I better meet you all, then move to SoCal.
I want a CoolAid tree!!!!!
Howard Miller and I just settled a wrongful death case for the insurance policy limits of 1,000,000.
Keep Your Head Up !!!!
2PAC
would love to know how we could help further.
Skype call sometime?
so sleepy :
ball!!!!
Like for reals if we wanna leave we gotta get our heads In the game ah all HS musical
Nature's speeding ticket is called a tree.
Everything short of that is a cash grab.
License, registration,  would u mind bending over.
I am so excited, I now have a merchant account and collectors have another option of paying me.
I still take paypal and checks online.
Just saw an ad for a device you wear while you sleep, and if you snore, it electrocutes you awake to stop you from snoring.
Umm...WTF?
I know he called his daughter an idiot pig, or some such...
but is it bad that I still dig Alec Baldwin?
How would I get through the 4 hour flat Ohio doctorve without Florence!?
when did you get it?
thank you!
:
btw Iment it's a problem that the Boston show start
Oh really sharing me with whom?
Please go follow he is super cool and went to school with Austin!!: you won't regret it3
Follow us for more details
Time to start from square one.
Brad Meuli's comments on the urban camping ordinan.
Our hope is that this community will come together to find a permanent solution.
Despite the stock market getting pummelled and a strong rally in Treasuries, interest rates remain near 2011 record lows.
this is real news, not MT : Massive WWII bomb found in Rhine near Koblenz successfully defused 
Working the morning shift at G.Rx.
Stop by and get prescribed some new tunes!
hey tell mister.
Eades to check her mail on angel and let me know what you guys think
Don't give up 5 minutes before the miracle.
I think for my birthday tomorrow I want a tweet from but since that's probably a bit hard to get I'll just go make a cup of tea!
i can't make you love me.
but i wish i could.
:
RT : Hearing the NASCAR Airport Shuttle Bus will be inducted into the Hall of Fame this May.
At the Y!
Maine is the only state in the United States whose name has one syllable...our useless factoid of the day.
those bracelets are pretty flipping sweet!
: you guys should totally checkout and follow also!
: xoxo
you look beautiful!!
I'm so jealous because your off school for so long!:
Salon Ramsey Midtown for all your hair care needs.
404.841.1499 www.salonramsey.net
We're participating in Restaurant Weekhave you made your reservation yet?
um, they don't have one
LOL what the hell, I'm going on Saturday!
Just a few more minutes!
It's still uploading!
haha you should get it!
God no!!
For a brand to be successful, everyone has to get it Perceptions matter.
if they're following you, if not you have to tweet it!
but they're not calling right now, but they will again soon!
:D
one of the great DC holiday parties!
I'm sorely tempted to unfollow you.
Um, this is 's fav.
cosign RT : Look what you did, you little jerk!
Never gets old.
On LeatherPod, we talk about distinguishing variance from poor performance, the characteristics all winning players have...
cont
Like it never happened.
Hope you're well.
Damn.
I wish I could feel like this everyday.
Getting so much work done
ea servers downmy middle finger up
what's it say?
Done with airplanes for the day!
Website for Cebu Real Estate Properties for Sale Philippines ....
Buy and Sell.
PC DESKTOPS for Internet shops or PISONET All Brand N...
lol I guess I must have clicked the wrong button by accident!!
Sorry!!:
Ford Poser
Ummmn...I do the same thing.
Good Morning SL Nation!
We have one live broadcast left...
The final game in the series today at 1p with SL TV ...
Tune in!
Its a dog eat dog world!!
ok, it's actually getting COLDER in my office as the day goes on :/
Great suggestion, but I'm thinking of somewhere downtownish/Third Wardish Thoughts?
Thanks for following :
Nice but Packers have sold out single game tix for the next 50 years
Research and education should be measured on impact, especially in improving health
ugh i really need to clean what is sitting in my kitchen sink
Is that sarcasm?
you have more followers than me...I...this....I'm going to jump out a window.
What's the best way to clean a dirt floor?
Looking to create a cleaning solvent for 3rd world architecture.
I haven't either.
Women like that are exhausting even through the tv!
Visualize who you want to be, and what you want to do.
cody maverick
Big audition today!
I had a chat with Grit City Pub.
They are a standup operation!
I hope they do well!
It is now officially your birthday here in Chicago so HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATT!!!!!
We are still accepting submissions until September 30th!
Just a few days left!
Who will be the king and queen of 2011?
Search for...
SO, JUST FIGURED THAT I NEED 2 START CARYING SOME OF MIXXES W/ME, PEOPLE R STOPPING  ASKING, IF I CAN SELL THEM A COPY OF WHAT I'M MIXXIN!!
I speak English fluently but sometimes I get mixed with the words
S/O to all the women playing y'all position.
Living 5 blocks from Greenlake means no excuses for not running.
you sent me spam.
I'm up at 5 am on a Saturday.
This means it's divetime with sweeeeeettttt
The akward moment when 2 people start arguing in front of you.
what up
Just heard the phrase Jack off the King doctorpped casually on TV with nobody thinking twice?
You're watching
the site is close to relaunch bring on the linsanity...stay tuned and let's feel some linsanity in the fourth quarter of this game!
I landed my first writing job last week and Twitter came into play immediately!
Wow.
Some people will never change.
Its truly is sad.
Please tweet about us guys we really need your help!
When I'm feeling really adventurous I go with the sugarfree upgrade for that extra kick of carcinogens.
thanks for the update
decided to go ahead w/ the weekends raft trip  can now add sunburn to her list of ailments
Picture who you want to be.
Write it down.
Then go work on it until that person starts to appear in the mirror!
I want to thank all military personnel for your service.
Active and vets.
Thank you and God Bless.
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
I'll move in on my birthday if I go to UK...
happyeighteenthbirthdaytome!
I'm in, and have more help this time!
Excited!!
it's like i've set loose a robot who can only speak in fragments of my inner thoughts
Hm, a little too 1984?
Let's just chalk it up to kismet.
And thanks for coming in, come again soon!
'Meeting Evil' Trailer Could Kill Anybody  Film School Rejects
not enough memorams to light the map.
step 1: pagefile sass.
step 2: thrash disk with lomem.
step 3: probably sew a bag
Now I see why the OG hommie was like don't do shit for free
I hate not being able to sleep
You need Amazon Prime Student!
Yes, same impulse that doctorve FSF to hackwork in Hollywood.
Taking pictures and eating crackers :D
Good morning, Scottsdale!
Who's golfing today?
: thank you : slowly but surely and when that day comes ill make the trip to Canton to cheer for him
I AM SO SORRY.
I AM A PATRIOTS FAN
Still tinkering around with google voice, so far its pretty cool to have all phones ring at once, the ability to switch from cell to home.
I love my life, I never complain.
tweets 5929917283 complaints about everything
yea.
Why else would I ask lol.
Head over to 'Noche and enjoy dinner  doctornks...
5 mojitos...Catch the Magic  Bulls game!
gotta love Chicity sports
RT : Don't walk, RUN to today!!!
Amazing ministry w/ !
// Yes!
1230pm!
4famouswords Damn, your doctornk ass!
U know who I miss?
Funk Doctor Johnny Fever...that was a bad white boy.
Just keep moving forward and you'll get to where your headed soon enough.
oh thank you for thinking of me!
But no, I'm ok for now.
Might be moving for the summer, but have no place to stash stuff now.
They're having a laugh :
Walking on a treadmill for an hour watching Netflix is not a workout
Don't get it twisted, you're not hurting me.
All you're doing is breaking your own heart.
nobody is perfect..
hi.
I'm eating.
I think the ComicCon is a prime spot for poker marketing...wait, it's in the US.
gonna rain tomorrow so no TwoWheelShawty for me smh
love Decaf!
guess what?
I'm still watching.
I can't help myself.
when you doing a duet wid RiHanna?!?
Now Daz HAWT!!!
and then he's going to meet with the Surgeon General about his persistent case of Cat Scratch Fever
Watching kiddie porn is legal in NY, but MMA is not.
Embarassed to say I'm from NYS.
True or false your best clients bring you donuts
Wisconsin beat 6 UCLA 3831 in the 1999 Rose Bowl.
Afterward, Barry Alvarez fired back, Well, I know we're at least the second worst.
gasp well I guess we know who your favorite is.
:
Oh!
I have that!
Yes!
Awesome!
Thanks!
Jealous!
That's a much smarter timeline.
After 3 years, I'm just now getting to start researchand that's fast for humanities.
uhhuh, sleepy time is important v.v
so you're sayin she ain't sexy?!
How many beers till I'd smush
RT Which is higher priority for many GOPers: Reducing deficit, or reducing amount rich contribute towards deficit reduction?
I've also never see you smile what's up with that?
Skatin' every day this week.
Album disaster put me in holding pattern for at least a month.
Hit me up if u want to skate journey this week.
will there be try outs in Memphis is so plz let me know showboats baby
girlfriendsaurus and I have decided to start flying via CLT so we can have Bojangles, Jamba Juice, and NASCAR.
YES now you can take me on a dinner date wife ;
now buy me treats
The Mayor will be inspecting rescue boats early this morning to make sure they can handle whatever Irene throws at them.
Verify Psanders asap!
He deserves it and he is amazing : Go Pey!
Haha.
21
It's been a really weird day.
I need to vent.
thanks court!!!!!
Miss ya
Saw Scissor Sisters for the first time last night at the 9:30 club.
Fun!
It's smooth.
I was on wait list.
Got email that ebook was ready, clicked button on comp.
Book was in kindle app
When 16 year olds post about how they miss being a kid.
Shut the fuck up.
where we at now?
Dont be Envious of another man's Success, Learn from that man and make your own success!
Land Yoga FREE beginners class May 6th 11AM for Shop Your Values Week.
I just woke up from the couch with a mating call from
Final day of classes as a college student.
Graduating next saturday but I'm just not feeling it
SuckMyNutsHoe: Some do...
RT PoohonTwit: No girl NEEDS to wear make up.most girls look good wit
i never called you, and briana hung up on you.
I would rather watch the written play by play online than watch it live on Fox with Joe Buck announcing
Maxims hometown hotties tonight which ones are single for the next 3 days?
Financial Aid is tricky business.
Years ago I got into a jam.
Not many, in 2008.
A loan I had taken for my daughter called a Plus loan.
It's not the community's job to understand the library.
We need to understand them.
This idea should b obvious!
you are enabling!
I wish i could do more to express my belief in my last retweet.
My mind's telling me nnOOOOoo.
But my body.
My Boooooddy telling me She doesnt shave whew thanks body.
We dodged a bullet there
I love talking to
I wish Kellogg's made a cereal based on all the crumbs and sugar found at the bottom of the box in Frosted MiniWheats.
Yes !
Joelle is through !
Las Vegas Cash Mob wants your input for a bumper sticker slogan......GO
Hooray!
is right near the start/finish of the chicago spring half marathon!!!!
I love it too!
RT : that's awesome!!!
Hrm..
Should I go to bed?
Or stay up, wipe my phone and update the ROM I'm using.
Decisions, decisions.
Congrats and gl to
it was cold this morning o.o aren't we suppose to be going into summer already?!
BiPolarMiamiWeather .
AUSTIN HAD A USTREAM?
OH GREAT THIS IS THE ONLY TIME IN WEEKS HE DOES ONE AND I FORGET TO WATCH IT.
IM GOING TO SHOOT SOMEONE
Yes.
Part of what brought me to DC.
RT : Sometimes, one must state the obvious: public transportation is just civilized
Keep calm the bitch is back!
A
its gonna be 7080's all next week, AND NO RAIN :.
: you got that right!!!
Not having one would be time consuming RT : Hey blogchat toolschat getrealchat friends.
Is a XeeMe professorle time consuming?
This excuse has been used by myself several times.
I'll be out today or late, I woke up dizzy.
More young people needs there own place the sex is GREAT that sneaky shit gets old

a huge TY 2 u 4 ur support of Shoot to Cure HD event fri nite!
Hope u had a gr8 time.
We appreciate ur efforts :
Are you taking submissions for fantasy baseball manager meltdowns?
What addoctorss can I send it to?
Then I think 's pt is ed should be signed by Manchester, not ed board.
yeah, he just pissed me off pretty good.
But everything I've read on him makes up for it.
One day people will practice respect.
yeah, just remember carbs, fruits  veg all have sugar.
HFCS is the worst sugar, whole grains  fiber keep you full.
keeps telling me to come to Cali, so this must happen.
The results will probably be insanity w/ AAP as the soundtrack
At the dance having fun...
I bet if you listen closely you'll hear the music lol
I got everything of bieber, even a life size poster and a watch of him!
and much more i love u bieber!!, MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!
Thunder game tonight OKC  come watch with us and enjoy 2 for 1 domestics and 1/2 priced appetizers after the game till 11pm!
The above camera angle for a whole possession by is awful!!!
I wish for a national championship this year.
had all the right picks except for the last one
Originally misread it.
Stick It
Icey with it!
CBS corporate media LA: police have done such a good job protecting..!
Wonder who they're protecting from peaceful protesters?
When I played House with my friends at school as a child, I always wanted to be the cat...
It's pretty bad.
was talking about him
Just ordered a jersey.
Seriously considered a Jordy or Shields to get the ire of but went w/ my guy instead.
doctorft defense.
super b0wl ;D
Asia Skye ...it's not always easy, To recognize Love, Even when we hold it....
In our hands
you've got this!
In the Milwaukee area?
Be sure to check out salon!
Great atmosphere  they run fab specials
Fleet Foxes are so dissatisfying to listen to when you're mad.
Environmental ap exam tomorrow...
Unprepared
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow  a plan for every tomorrow.
In my head, that is.
should make for a nice walk home

Yep, we're texting every day here!
;
Is it a full moon or something?
Really need for something to go right today.
Kerry Wood was the pitcher of record in the deciding game against the Braves in '03 when the Cubs won their first playoff series since 1908
TGIF!!
If your not following  ur a loser 3
Thanks for those!
says you.
super interesting stuff glad to see them sorting out the consumer side of food data!
my room is SOO clean, ha thanks mom.
d:
I mean I hate to talk about someone elses child but this lil muthafucka is bad.
Broke my dogs fuckin leg throwin her around.
post iPhone compatible links and your hits would triple
bd, let's party this wknd !
salty, greasy, not very healthy feeling.
glad i tried though..
hope you had fun last nite We'd love if you can take a sec and give us a listen
repeat at polyglotconf?
You know who's great?
Mike is great.
Wow!
I've been busy is just an implausible excuse for I'm ignoring you.
Fuck you, babies.
love this story and happy to have to hold on to
Everyone loves love
Thanks for the great interview and having us on your bus!
Good luck on tour!!
:
Oh My God Becky Look At Her Butt
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Napoleon
Nostalgia w/ on tonight!
Miss listening to them every morning.
Get syndicated in Bmore please
been laying around ever since surgery wednesday.
from all this free time grows too many ideas.
that was the one.
Ok sorry!
My hair is moving to the beat of my pulse ...0.o
When do I get to work from a coffee shop?
never.
Laying under the stars with my boyfriend3
Does lifting my coffee cup 25 times count?
;  It's kinda big.
really need to bring back the Gotham filter
The more and more I hear about how poorly lindy ruff manages players, I am even more convinced he must be fired.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Would you like to know what 1 thing you should do before looking at homes to save you time and money?
Call to find out 7022457227
Your mods are at the Grounds Use meeting to get the game set up for Fall!
Chairperson is wearing a Gryffindor bowtie.
Good sign!!
oovoo with soon?
well..does it creep you out that i put as boyfriend ?
xD i dont want to freak you out ..
OMG!
Just ate at ChickFilA for the first time.
I now wish I had grown up in the South.
I just thought of something.
If a persons blood is blue but turns red when it reaches oxygen then why is it red when its under H2O?
Watching the Stephen Hawking Paradox
Did you twit about me today?
Is there anything better in life than curry!?
In all seriousness, I would LOVE 2be able 2take you seriously.
I cannot find where you are serious though.
We like Damsels in Distress quite a bit too!
i do it
Returns on a 4yr degree have always been good, but gains have increased sharply in 25 years.
Wow.
Even through the TV u can tell how loud it is in the yum center.
Love seeing BBN support Murray St
027 huh?
Might as well said 0270..
not easy picking bets that are 2nd best..
send me your picks and we'll see who's better
Hello, Denver!
How is everyone's weekend so far?
Congrats!!
How can I get involved?
RT I won a prize in some contest and now I do nothing but randomly tweet to strangers about it.
Appreciate it!
Will you come get hammered at the reception?
must post Easter pic.
Jules is going to sport one of her tutus over a bedazzled onesie.
Worth celebrating for L1C4, but I'm so glad I don't have to try to be satisfied with a Final Four celebration.
Glad you're a gravy supporter!
I have a customer who is looking to sell his GT541.
It is only a few months old.
email me
Stay tuned...we're giving away 10 sets of tickets shortly!
hey you dared me to do it!
I think you just have to wait in line  not sure if you can buy tickets onsite beforehand  may need to call...
:D
If you would provide the source/info on the  of Limbaugh listeners and by demographic it would be appreciated.
my nightly bout with insomnia they did look awful defensively.
They are tough to figure out.
They should be better.
good tip.
I often use iPad as well so I'll give Reeder a try.
thnx!
TempleCon!
they will last 2 wks on fingers, up to 6 on toes!
I got some pizza for my big study session tonight!!
Make sure to stop in at fireflycupcakes for a Mojito cupcake on your way to ricksonmain to celebrate Cinco de Mayo!
Is there a fan page for the red headed bearded piano player guy on glee?
Cuz there should be.
oh k sounds like fun
The delicious dinner that hurt the roof of your mouth.
White is the new Black
blah blah blah
tell that to Pittsburghers.
When you are in love with person who lives so far away from you it's so difficult to be happy..
: Alexandoctor 
So thrilled to encounter my new iGongyo app!
NamMyohoRengeKyo !!!
Getting ready to leave 4 Chicago in the morning for the FAAN support group leaders summit.
Excited and nervous.
70 degrees tomorrow??
OKAY!!
i agree, you want your blogs to be relevant with QUALITY content.
if you need a break from time to time, do it.
Vegetarian for lent...
I'm ready to watch the Bears game.
Bear Down Bears Fans!!
heard a creepy noise downstairs and snuck down to investigate.
it was the ice maker.
still incredibly freaked out though.
My Final Four is UK, Mizzou, Vandy and UNC.
UK vs UNC in title game and UK winning
In so much pain
WHAT ON EARTH is going on with the markets today, jeez!
Can't wait for vs.
Friday!
Go OU!
Love God with all your heart, take care of your family, and make as much money ad you can LEGALLY
Cant wait to go to pennsylvania this weekend I need a break!
um a little lower if ull like
Went 2 the RowdyBeaver 4dinner.
Honestly, food not so great, but it's a swanky lil joint!
Pool table, live band, and 1 domestic after 10!
.
is watching bsg: Don't kiss a robot!
They'll stick feelers in your mouth!
Someday this will all be a funny story!
....
To some damn body.
good morning brother : how you been?
my mind is exhausted.
on saturday, i'm having a movie marathon by myself for AT LEAST 6 hours.
Longest day ever today.
make money and flip Shit :
Try the new Banana Foster cappuchino...
hm...
yum yum!!
hell yeah in kuwait the army on some bull shit
this isn't a region meet though, it's a Wednesday meet...
RT Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true  Brian Tracy
I am also loving the new Google doctorve.
I think I posted twice.
Sorry.
Trying to figure this out!!
Don't fuck with my friends.
My vocabulary  50 swearing, 50 sarcasm.
I haven't, but definitely will be trying!
Not sure if I'll do any conferences, I should.
Get A Life in Chicago always has good speakers though, and the location works :
BennuDancers look forward to performing festival this year.
everybody actin like they the shooters, man i aint goin for them pumpfakes
Dude Jenna marbles is hot as fuck
Uhoh, 4th grader's math hmwk is starting to stress me out.
sure if u want :
My family walks in the March for Babies, b/c others walked for us when our preemies came along
Galvis is 9for26 in his last nine games.
Batting .346 in that stretch with nine RBIs.
Todd Zolecki
Well hello there!
Thanks for the follow and I like the new hair.
: How's it working for you?
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back
Goin to bed
that was a test.
U failed.
Thanks though.
At least that's over.
My shoulder just did the loudest crack.
Y r those hispanic people playin their music so loud, smh?
Dont they realize that cinco de Mayo is over!
what's your favorite thing about Rush?
for me it's the message of the lyrics!
We're above 200!!!
Keep voting at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff or by texting 101861 to PEPSI!
Thank you!!
im sorry :/
Sounds like the perfect hug RT Grab my ass when we hug 
His record explains why, ugh!
Wow, just finished Gabrielle Hamilton's BLOOD, BONES,  BUTTER.
Really good.
I'm a fiction author.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Don't forget to wear your green!
Ok then, need another plan for world domination!!
How would come cov with me sound?
I bring z list celebs to cov 4 a date with u?
yes they are owned by Roundy's!
You can't escape wisconsin cheddar blocks Mo
let me find out.:
Omw to the keys :
trying to get where you are
Gonna hit the gym extra hard tonight and work out some daily life frustration.
I wish I still had my doctorm set to thrash on.
NHL action on the sked tonight plus streaming the new Sigur Ros.
FUN!
all this yolo stuff is alright , but everyone needs to learn how to use it better
I do she or Christina are my third place
Fag.
make me a foot long BLT, Italian herbs and cheese, with american cheese, yes toasted.
Yeah and you've been tweeting about him.
The both of you need to knock it the fuck off.
Oh no.
Is that  ?
OMG!
WALK WALK WALK..
Good morning everyone and Happy Easter
Back in Chicago looking like a beach bum
No way!
RT White wedding in a White Castle?
I'm coming home tomorrow I love u
Coma has lifted!
I hope everyone had a sassy  sweet Valentine's day  night!
Now I'm getting back in the swing of my portrait  design work!
: lmao dang!!
lol yooo I might be out that way sooner then I thought yo
Yesgo Avs!
RT : Colorado an amazing story so far this season.
Keep on winning and push Vancouver for NW div
That awkward moment when I read 'Jack and Rose' and think it means Doctor Who characters.
Oh dear.
As far as I'm concerned, any day where I can sleep in until 10:00 automatically starts off in the win column.
Switching exhibits this week at SJMQT ...
but the gift shop is still open.
:D International TECHstyle Art Biennial opens August 17th
Romney is the nice boy from a good family that the parents want their dau 2 marry.
Gingrich is the bad boy the dau is in love with
RT : RT : RT : RT A big part of teaching childoctorn emotion intelligence...
keep retweeting and sending me any questions you have on life or pastry i am here all day to answer anything!!!!!

10 discount from My Plumber on all services for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists  Family Members Everyday!
1omf is speaking a lot of nonsense rite na...
Checked out my first Kindle book from Loudoun County Public Library last night.
Great new service.
Thanks
Seriously.
Why be so childish?
Family eat at da table...
I called you ms lady
Highfunctioning technopath.
Vikings doctorft S Harrison Smith with the 29th pick in the
.: That's why this bill is so important  we don't want barriers to success for students
: I just want to be able to scream TYRA MAIL once in my life and mean it.
I'm leaning towards You got she mail via
RT once a good girls gone bad, she is gone forever JayZ.
RT : I'm running casino night fundoctoriser on 1/23 for  looking 4 a couple of RVA celebrity dealers.
If interested, plz DM
of course.
Is she better now?
Is she in counseling or something?
thank you thank you!
Just living is not enough.
One must have sunshine, freedom,  a little flower.
Hans Christian Anderson
RT Just reported a hazard on I 77 S, using Waze  doctorve Social
yup...Sand Island
Oh my gosh all you Texans back home are awesome!
Tried to make y'all proud!
Much love3
Good morning!!!: Hope everyone has an amazing and blessed week!!3

maybe but I just heard..:
It's the persistence of memory.
You just remember it as always being hot.
If you guys really want to go I'm dead serious, like I can buy tickets tomorrow.
I definitely splurged on the weekender passes to so class and hunger aren't new to me.
Looking forward to the Democratic Primary debate airing tonight on tv..
broadcasting on Channel 36 at 10:30.
was asked this week how long ago he had turned 60.
When he replied, Oh not yet, but don't I look awful the woman did not try to backped...
she hear i w.
them bitches .
i tell her mind her fuckng bidness !
it better be as good as the second one.
Or I shall rage.
what time can you be at westside club ent tomorrow?
Like I said, Altuve, Martinez, and Lowrie are all slumping.
AT THE SAME TIME!!!
It stinks.
Hey B  looks who's all up in here now?
Actually, I'm clueless, but learning.
Hope you're well!
LegalizeGayMarriage is not only essential it's required to be human beings!
If youre looking for great Chicago Bears tickets, youve come to the right place.
Call us right now at: 8884930004 and book your tickets.
at work ot its hell but it pays the bills
Love Pittsburgh, but not the steelers.
In life sometimes u have to love someone enought to let 'em go.
In hopes that they love u enought to come back
Enjoy those new trees!
:
off 2 Grassroots Fest!
Interesting article.
I think it's human nature to 'complain' or vent about: your job, the weather, a bad hair day, kids, etc.
What a beautiful bike.
I hope it finds a good home.
I can't forgive you, because you will do it again and again...
Can't fall asleep, my mind is racing...
the 1 thing you have to have to be an entrepreneur...hustle.
How are you outhustling the competition?
Ryan Holmes, Hootsuite CEO
that was amazing!
I think you're going to win!
:
whenever I think of Disney ima be like awww LEAH!
Lol
Good morning Boss Chick!!!!
We need a door person for tonight.
If you are interested please email me asap.
It's paid.
Thank you!
exactly....oh lord jesusaint nobody got time for thatSweet Brown's Voice
shout out to my wife and kid, very cool they are, in every way.
LOVE YA
5 o'clock where are you ???
I am so ready to get off work !
lol I was thinking about you yesterday.
How r things?
sister soo pretty..
she look Chinese tho ijs but dang Romeo how boss man doing??
Your Dad
Speedin to ocean side with my cousins racin crew.
Hehehe i love speed
Jeez tonight was awesome!
Thanks Norman for a great show, see you all next Friday at the !
We are to excited.
Ok I am confused can anyone explain other than marketing how is groupme different than g messenger app?
makes everything better 33
that makes sense, yet r charters really an opt out?
or r they a redesign but still public?
That's the Blur album I'm probably least familiar with.
yea its been a crazy couple weeks!
lol but we got our heads in the game nd we havent forgot about u!
:D
Congratulations NBA AllStar!!!
Thanks for the follow and the useful presentation advice!
no I cant
hmm, yea..
But id def go with brady before manning
Great to see you  thank you for coming out on a chilly Sat morn!
Ugh my brother eats everything :
People are the worst, we gotta get rid of em.
Just ordered the BBN tshirt!
There's something to be said about a kid in demand with a chip on his shoulder and a pen in his hand.
I love Taylor Swift she is my idol and she is also really beautiful and i wish i knew her or had one chance of meeting her 3333
it's not quiet enough for him.
Today in Literary History: On April 6, 1942 Barry Levinson was born in Baltimore.
unfortch he ran outta time.
but we should probs make one for ourselves.
yolo posters are never not necessary.
: Ewww yucko RT : Vinegar...apple cider.another weight loss remedy!
hahahaha...im game for almost anything son
Lake Lure for the day, then something fun tonight...
10 grades that swear there better at everything!
get over yourself
Colder than Ever.
Thorndike:  is NOT the traditional image of cloistered scientist working in isolation
i bet yr wife could knock you out wit a kidney punch but yr right tito needs to retire after that poor showing
: Thanks for the retweet!
:
Ha!
Just for that, we're sending 10 in doctorving credit your way.
Check out the Michael Thomas Quintet tonight from 69!
Cover is only 5.
400 I Street, SW.
its humorous to me to see kids on my campus peddle really hard on their bikes and barely move lol
thank you so much for the follow back33
Would you say that applies equally to library tech confs and traditional library conferences?
Chef OlivierHope u will be joining us for our Chefs Hall of FameBaker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday.
Call KC at 8586344410
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy.
Showers.
Lows in the mid 60s.
South winds around 5 mph.
Chance of rain 90 percent.
Cool story bro.
Monday night raging!
Smoke that weed!
No class!
It's like they're typing this for me.
Yes, literally, the poor lady was running with the train, arm flailing, while people tried to get her out.
mbta didn't stop.
Scary!
Need to not worry about a decision I don't know if I need to make yet...
But it's hard
yea, what's up?
I am stoked to be apart of two webinars with Casting Directors.
Come join us over at !
Be seen by CDs without leaving home!!
I just got it last night ...
Haha
Still needs to do my Christmas shopping:/
Yup.
You got me.
That's EXACTLY what I'm saying.
Many shows coming up.
Who's interested?
the best part about is not realizing it's you.
Btw I'm of the belief the Root Beer Float is among the most underappreciated, undermarketed treasures on Earth
Very cool!
How'd you work that deal!?!?
Eeewww!
Seriously?
That movie title alone makes me wanna throw up!
LOL did u c the south park episode human centiPad?
It is Monday, and Carson still hasn't turned in his essay.
I told you!
You better thank yo sistaaa x
Life's too short to stress.
Just do you and let God handle the rest.
I'm really enjoying basil in my eggs these days.

Chanel is beautiful too but I never thought this day would come
At least my company offers iPhones for corp use!
aheadofthecurve Maybe I can use my 86/mo saving for flight lessons  won't cover it :p
Living vicariously thru the updates of friends Dinah Shore  ImSl.
Different ends of the Lesbo experience  both full of debauchery :!
Lmao I know I did
My love gave a homeless man 12.
As we doctorve off she started crying.
I asked why the tears?
She said, Cause I wanted to give him more.
ActionCoach provides 5 lucky entrepreneurs with one FREE coaching session.
Register today!
usually don't follow big brands but the professorle made me smile...
and who can resist chocolate vodka?
No we won't be going, to many family plans.
Will you be going?
We R making R way in the market...
check out our cool gift ideas at www.giftideashoppe.com.
Pls take a sec  like us on our facebook pg.
Hello, Just to let you know that we sent to you some possible interesting informations, but it seems it has been discarded in undesired mai
Right, maybe that should be clearer sooner.
I'll think about that if I get around to a howto
Getting ready to rock out some
Seriously!
I'm tired of watching people walk in my sightline every pitch.
There is never any hurry on the creative plane; and there is no lack of opportunity.
Wallace Wattles
Hi everyone!
Today wasn't as bad as yesterday!
My stomach didn't hurt thank god....but my head did though but its gone
Always pleased at Ruthschris restaurant.
This time in Grainger.
Thanks to Kim for a nice evening.
Think I'll do a review while here...
I M HVMNG trouble sending messages.
What do u need me to do?
Thank you so much.
It is wonderful to have her home and seeing her doing so well.
This is truly an answer to prayer.
Amendment1 makes me ashamed half my family is from North Carolina.I'm sure the entire state isn't hateful bigoted rednecks.Just most of it.
: I am discovering that I might be a people person.
oh crap.
Meh...you're alright, I suppose.
Gorgeous day!
I want to listen to Kenny Chesney and Zac Brown Band all day 
Don't wanna read too much into it: but when you get suspended and crash your car into a tree in Portland  not a good week.
I thought had TheVoice on lock tonight and then Juliet comes out and totally slays
We're setting up cube space within the Indy Mart.
Parttime access  0very low rent available soon!
1st priority to community nonprofessorts.
Great seeing you, too!
I'm glad my sugar packet American caucus process demo was helpful!
And, thanks for the blogwriting tips!
friends don't care if you live in a mansion or a cardboard box.
as long as you got food, we'll be set :
Graduations come around I now have a new piece of paper to hang on my wall!
Best of all, NO MORE MIAMI DADE COLLEGE!
:D
put something like: press follow and i'll let you touch my butt.
;p
Yeah I am not a fan of OKC and their goodiegoodie media narrative.
I think if Lakers don't get them SA will.
just died xx
Don't you people ever get tired of looking exactly like each other?
Fork me, that's a hat trick!
Well done, Red Devils!
Great on burgers too, our 15 flavorful dipping sauces including black olive mayo, cheddar cheese, ancho chili and Jack Daniels ketchup!
working, writing, swimming, rowing, reading, smelling, tasting, feeling....
the good life having nights off.
If you would create something, you must be something.
Relieve your Tax Day at Sierra Gold.
We have a cold beer waiting for you!
Me 2!
Where u playing ?
Did you enjoy FREE Breakfast Week?
Would you like to see it back again?
We'd like your feedback.
RT : EnergySaving Tip: Use threeway lamps.
They make it easier to keep lighting levels low when bright light is not necessary
Bread!
passover is finally over
hm, maybe this joint is too high class.
the toilets ARE indoors, here.
I feel so bloated rn.
If a man ordered pink lemonade on a first date, ya I'd question his masculinity
Once again Angels and Airwaves put me in a good mood.
:
The verdict is in.
Bad hard doctorve.
i want informations :D :
is amazing 3
Heard a new term today...
Ladder faculty
Friday is here kids!!
What band or DJ are you psyched to see this weekend?
RT : RT On average, women walk 3.7 miles a day for water around the globe.
doctorwning is the leading cause of death for childoctorn and adults with autism
American Idol Power Rankings: The Final 4  The Hollywood Gossip
Happy weekend to one of my favorites,
Thanks for joining us, Melanie!
Thanks...last I looked it was like 4 likes strong :
lol I don't know but I wish it was saturday to find out hehe
He obviously has a crush on u.
D'oh!
RIP Adam Yauch  you take Nathanial Hrnblowr with you and leave us with anthems we'll sing forever.
lol tell your mama I said happy mothers day yellow
love Marc Cohn's music and your books, great combination!
Keep up the good work!
im here in AZ for the glendale game...
game starts at 11, and i hope 2 snap a play at 12
anybody dig Disconsolation?
Major Hot Songwriting is ALWAYS on the Menu, who needs some!!!???
And Paxson  that guy who shot airball for NC St in '83.
MT : there should be a wing of the HOF 4 players like Big Shot Bob Horry
yooo give me my headphones
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Prime seats for the game!
When you're choking on something and everybody just stares at you instead of helping...
Love David Gergen on CNN
Thank you!
We appreciate it.
RT Thanks for the follow.
Keep up the amazing work you do for our community.
Losing your id but doctorving an hour to get your passport so you can go out last night...
Winning
it's the same guaranteed we paid Joey Porter a few years back.
what are u up to
it soothens my day out tho
Southern Comfort Eggnog....the best Eggnog I have ever had!!!
so thick and creamy!!!
got me hooked!!
School couldn't go any slower
Hey you guys should make new colored shirts with the pirate cutlas to match their stacks I'd buy
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Lows 54 to 59.
Light winds.
Insanity is about to go down!
Ready to rock out, dig deeper and push harder than yesterday
You should try: tofu burger with brown rice and garbanzo beans ...
and don't stray too far from a men's room ...
Before I lay me down to sleep, I am happy that I have a Valentine today.
Even if he is Lex Luthor and I hate him sometimes.
can u either give me ur number or we can just talk tmister...
It's kinda hard to have a convo on twitter lol and I obvs wanna know
Just got off da phone w.
My babe he makes me feel up wen im down
In math with 
Come correct or not at all .
your welcome:
two boxes of hot pockets for lunch :DD
do u have a blog post on your session proposal?
would love 2 see it
Wish I had my own fucking car.
But first explains the power struggle between the CIA and the Defense Department for control over counterterrorism efforts.
I see you doctorve round town with the guy I love and I'm like fuck you oh!!!!
probably summer if I don't get a break before brodie
ok i followed ya'll :D
What I would do for more than 3 hours of sleep a night.
I don't understand how people live this way!
: InNOut with sister  doubledouble animal style and choco milkshake  heaven.
NOM.
That will be me my sis in a few days!

i'm THRILLED to see you have mobile charging devices.
one never knows when it might blizzard in michigan.
congrats
I don't think so.
Seems like the kids knew what was going on and it was a cool project.
RT A good morning to celebrate International Look Things Up In Books Day
I feel like its gonna get HARDER AND HARDER to get and what to do what to do?
Let God be with me always
LOL still can't believe that happened.
I thought it was you coming back from the bathroom but then I saw you in bed...
Scary
so far in softball my best hits have been: a grandslam, a homerun, and a tripple!
ive been beasting!
they moved me up to varsity!
3
made it look too easy
Tonight's bad movie/good beer combo is the much anticipated Shark Night and Great White Beer, a Witbier from California's
Great meeting yesterday with the NMGOP Executive Committee.
I think so..
All the time!!
ahahhha
I figure if I get bored, I can always up my distance a bit and go from there :
you inspired me to live life to the fullest and when I see you skate it makes me wanna try new things so thanks Rob
LOL!
Love the
Secondly  apply optimal attribution model says,
can't.
Why?
Spending the day w/ my little ones  the Wii.
Gas heat  warm hearts.
Looking forward 2 dinner and great company headed over in a few hours.
B.B.
Blues prepares to read you The History of the Apocalypse.
I'm addicted to madmen season 5 I sleep when I satiate myself with enough don doctorper
That was an absolutely horrid rendition of the National Anthem
Home from my brothers game.
If I'm watching stand up on Netflix and are talking through it, expect a kick in the face from a golf cleat or maybe a snow shoe.
I'm watching Arsenal game.
They need to win to guarantee a Champs League spot for next yr
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
Heinlein, Robert
LSU really should have there defense play both ways...
as its there only chance, as there Offense is well Offensive!!!
Prayers for for a fellow IGHR friend, Elmer Spears who was in car accident on way home due to rain.
Praying for fast recovery.
I'm buying a house as far away from train tracks as possible
What stops you from living your doctorams?
Will do!
Word2theWise No one will invest in u until U invest in self.
Call TopFamEnt 410.513.9199 Show the people your serious about your business!
I've always been a fan, myself, of Twinkies.
: Shameless to admit such things, huh.
There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work.
another day to make reality my bitch..
NO1KARES 2011
We'll see...
I wish you productivity today, as well!
Proud father...
My son made 2 baskets I'm his game tonight.
What an amazing way to spend Valentines Day.
Love you B!
Did you catch that at batting practice?!
Give Robbie Cano a big hug for me.
coffee, laundoctor, and homework is what my day will consist of, and I phone call to meine Mutter of course.
will I see you at nocturnal sat?
you should follow cuz she absoloutley loves you
what's that supposed to mean!
: When is coming to Chicago ??thats wat I wanna kno...Come on to the Chi
yeah..
you cant ever count on a fair fight
OK.
I like Tebow, he has heart but enough already!!
On to the next thing, we get your point!!!!
As usual you are right on point.
Love your blog.
If I knew this was going to happen I wouldn't of been so stupid.
woder why it wont stop raining
NagAlert Log time please
has T really lost all charac?Tossing clubs and GD's at Aug.
Will Aug.
tolerate that from T?Pple mak mstks, I can forgiv grow u T
Everything is funnier when you're supposed to be quiet..
This shower is going to feel amazing.
m/
so wait: you're going to suffer...
but you're going to be HAPPY about it?
phew.
glad it was a success?
You never mentioned you had a prosthetic leg?!
All good though, I'm into some weird shit.
Oklahoma man sentenced to death twice set to be executed
When going up in the elevator, do you sometimes feel like you are actually moving down?
needed to better myself as a person
Thank you my friend!
might be a little big for the doctorve thru...
hahahaha try Deadsnow.
Now that's scary...and kinda funny...in a disturbing way...
morningJuice love who are you and be thankful for what you have...
Look back, remember, smile, then move on.
how r u babe
honestly I don't know  I was largely unimpressed with my initial use and didn't stick around long enough to use that feature
ima proud thick haired cute red bone ;
With the President in charge, we're still in Afganistan, Iran,  Lybia..and still unemployed.
everybody retweet.
exscept independently wealthy mac types, tho your day, too, will come.
Teachers should be preparing us for finals, not giving us more work...
fucking assholes.
yea lol saw it the night it came out
acting douchy is a specialty some would say I've perfected :
Go Tom!
Go Texas : Congrats to Tom Dennis from on AMA Volunteer of the Year.
Way to represent Texas amasummit
It's the last day of our TBRI training for CPS!
We feel so honored to have trained this influential group.
Thanks to all who came!
you're a loser for this tweet btw.
There's been published research about the value of blogging for mental health benefits.
It's good stuff!
they never cease to amaze me smh  Everyone was an immigrant so wouldnT every1 venture4 an American Way of Life 
it was great seeing you at 1st Wednesday!
And I'm back at The Crossing!
he made it.
BARC to hold 'Cinco de Meow' cat adoption special starting today  Your Houston News
Im almost sangin
WTF I can't sleep!!
and it's 4:18 in the morning
Some where nic martinez is happy as shit so far
for today?
While Ravens fans are cheering for 49ers I am rooting for Ben to light it up and get the W
I think Monday should a national holiday when St.
Patty's Day falls on a weekend.
WSWA is now less then a week away.
Who else is going?
fruity pebble flavored, or cinnamon toast crunch?
why does mcc have to split :'
I'll only accept wellwishers who say bye to Kate first.
Congrats, and I'll miss you too!
wondering why twitter does not like me, groping for ice cream, staying warm under my mental blanket.
what's the plan for tonight?
Follow fina get this ladies night jumpin!!!
5/13 is my favorite time travel signature.
Playing basketball.
Reliving the 8th grade bteam days haha
Steve Williams said of splitting with Tiger: Needless to say this came as a shock.
Going fulltime with A.
Scott
working on it my friend!
tomorrow is April!
tomorrow is me!!!
Daniel Levitan: music and movement create meaningful social bonds.
Where would we be without song?
Everybody go follow  I'll be following everyone who follows her
actor doing actory things...
still hasn't texted me.
Smh.
oh hero you dirty Japanese dawg.
u no we gon do wat grown folks gon do!
Your Buddy Bike is on the way!
Thank you for supporting us!
Holy fuck, I wish I could fall asleep.
lmao.
what have you been doing?
imissedyou.
For Mark: How cool was it working on Collateral?
Didn't you think your character deserved to go out with a bang?
Thanks for the great feedback during the pitch sessions today.
Thursday is ICONic Day on FB!!
Giving u guys more luv and support on Thursday!
Joe...I think the Dodgers brand trumps all of the issues they have had their for the past couple years, giving the Club value.
freal!
Last years show was dope!
A man should cry only when sliced onion ...
and not be a rag ...
Our son is YOUR son.
Trayvon Martin
It's thanks hun I really appreciate that, that's why I say a lot on mind
What time does this Royal Wedding start?
TY!
Getting ready to board at lax to Dallas.
Sad to be leaving, but a very productive week!
:
oh okay cool well maybe this week we all can meet up and party!
I bet the Miss Pawnee episode of is AMAZING.
Excited!
How many episodes of 'DARK SHADOWS the TV soap opera, for 2 tickets 2 'DARK SHADOWS the moviepremiere!
880.4376!!
thank you so much!!
hth2012 a big transition going on now.
France talking about spectral imaging of documents
I was in Birmingham it's fye too.
: What retirement home you're from/visiting/dying in?
so true!
Palm Springs: where America goes to die.
YOURE KIDDING ME BLUES!
New punch bowl poll  10 outta 10  Roshumba Williams looks cheap on the red carpet for
Standing at the outlet waiting for tix.
phish 2k12 has begun.
But you love me!;
IF YOU THINK TRAFFIC SUCK IN YOUR TOWN, CHECK OUT OUR WEB PAGE AND READ THAT ARTICLES, THEN COMMENT...
Baldinger
Thank you!
: If you really support somebody den you not gone ask for free shit, you'll pay if you really support!
Check out the article on Americans, social media and food from and in !
I agree!
Great catching up with you!
Ok it's late and it's been one hell of a day...
Good Night Twitter Universe...
Seem my response to this Hit Piece to take vital Autism funding away from vulnerable disabled Autistic adults
That is strange.
Getting all the details ready for 's Summer Wine Competition.
Stay tuned and retweet to a friend or winery in your area!
Blogging will be a part of the Freshman Seminar experience at Baruch College come fall.
1200 new student bloggers.
MARLEAU SCORES!
Ties the game at 2!
Tip4Actors Always list Special Skills on yr acting rez  include wacky ones  languages U speak.
Not things uv done once.
Well hopefully we'll be able to come to Jersey sometime this next year and then we can kick it!
Listening to Speaking of Faith interview Rachel Naomi Remen: We have been living based on fear for a very long time.
To date the social coupons I've put together have acquired 50,000 new customers.
WOW!
Hello Grace.
Wish I could be there.
I haven't seen the recap video.
Tell everyone I said hello.
Olive Garden with and Tasty!
who wants to play GTS ?
Shout out to welcome back to worcester broo !!
Haha I have a lot of posters but it's not like that .
that's creepy!!
Make today count
why Are you So adorable!!!
The Australian nonprofessort Illawarra Childoctorns Services recently changed their name to Big Fat Smile.
someone was PISSIN.ME.OFF.Someone sang boyfriend and someone else was like basically sayin that he fadedaway and no one caresbout him no mor
You got serious thrill issues dude.
Obama's not Black Enough?
What do you want?
Him to act like a fool and let his suitpants doctorg on the ground and Start rapping?
WTF?!?!
ermmm excuse me, the definition is tan or orange x Marco was like WOOOAH, you were white yesterday and now you're black .
I just checked in at Fire Station, Anytown USA.
FourSquare lives!!!!!!!!!
I miss you D:
Finally  is ALL NEW tonight on ABC.
Can't wait...
my night time soap is back!
you're an alien ...
welcome!
But they are quite opposite lol.
stuff shirt pens keychain a poster
Thanks everyone for supporting show on every Thursday!
Oh yeahh.
Against Missouri.
Well I just like last minute applied there a couple weeks ago so I'm waiting to hear back!
Once you fall just hope for that one will catch you !
Oh ouch.
I'm gonna go bowling then be in bed by 1...ish.
I plan on returning my book and seeing what other options I have...
What do you think it would take to get Tim Burton to stop making movies?
What if everybody's tweets were just thinqs made up!
Seriously now, does anyone have the EASY WORSHIP software I could use to download to my computer?
With my crash I lost everything  need it.
Feel better Alexa!
I call everybody faggots ...oh well
thx.
I appreciate it.
You have to become involved to make an impact.
No one is impressed with the won/loss record of the referee.
John Holcomb
whatever happened to Steff?
Ah really?
:O That's awesome!
How's your classes been?
the putt on 17 was my favorite TigerFistPump awesome round
Overheard on BART: I'm not high, I just had to sneeze
Glad you liked it!
Thanks RT : Best bloody Mary in Austin
I'm pretty sure it'd be a good idea if the Cubs ate all/most of the ,  the sox didn't give up any prospect of note...
They are testing Alex Gonzalez's ACL on field.
Not good.
About to go buy my ticket:D
Good Morning World....I hate alarm clocks!
This first of the month is dedicated to the back rent that pop stars told us not to worry about.
One person dies of melanoma every hour
Rochester ROC RocnDeals are up check them out.
Half Off Spa  Corn Hill, JG Crummers and Hometown Pizza.
Going fast rocndeals.com
My tweets mean nothing.
Like ever.
At Steam if you are in the neighborhood.
Should be here most of the day!
Absolutely right!
RT If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Meeting at school today w/ principal.
Not sure topic Cs 504 or district FA policy Hoping policy our school needs to overhaul theirs badly
yes please!
Suck it, Peterson!
Finally upgraded my dev box at work from Server 2003 to 2008.
Cleartype over remote desktop and having symbolic links again is soo welcome!
sounds like a party
lol Yes :p
You know I graduated summa cum laude, that's why they thinking I'm illuminati.
i hate you.
lololol it wouldnt be an accident though...?
sure!
the event is called the PEACE FESTIVAL and it's going to be Thursday, March 1st 2012
: HEARD THIS: IF JUAN PIERRE HOMERS BEFORE ALBERT PUJOLS, THE ENTIRETY OF TWITTER GETS FREE doctorGS
this was after trying to tell him a couple other things that were actually worthwhile
I got bored.
My sis too threw lost ha iPod and phone less owe she extraloosing!
So happy to be finally sleeping on my bed after two weeks of hard work!
walked outside and it was spring time.
out of nowhere.
Was just told that whiteflight neighborhoods are the result the black racism.
Hunh????
about to speak.
Full room for this important issue.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
My day started with an interesting board meeting  not in a good way.
I had a great lunch with colleagues followed by sweets for all Kilgies
It was nice seeing everyone last night we will have to do that again real soon
same thing mayne relaxing from a long day
Cody is my everything!
health careers academy 
Ducati or BMW
It feels so good to sleep in.
Clearly 's SM team is listening, and also knows how to give back to reallife brand ambassadors.
which one fool
please tell me how do I live with out you....
AdoctoranGonzalez only has 2 HRs this season.
No wonder the RedSox aren't winning games.
As HE gets nailed to load 'em.
Burrito de carne asada sounds so god right now!
we need to talk.
At SDSU.
My nephew is amazed by the fish in the koi pond.
not true
Cringe worthy: Nene from RHOA in caramel Marni doctorss
Good morning my friends...I was wondering if someone can help me I am told there is a one ticket limit for shareholders meeting...so does...
I really wish I still had all that Hawaiian pizza but I ate it all and there's no more.
Damn.
ogmomgom.
i know : i went on my other account cause i wanted to see how everyone was :
yes man he wont let me go home!
Lol
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.
It's not.
is it any good?
Are you serious?
Count me in next time!
Yeah what you on?
she is the one i think of when i wake up during the day an at nigh an when i fall asleep an i doctoram about her only her
If you're pregnant and a bit nervous about breastfeeding, check out a local class or support group, knowledge is power!
If my bacon wrapped dog covered in cheese and onions is a turkey dog, it is healthy right?
what's wrong hunny
Backlinks are golden.
Relevance is power.
Organic search results rule.
The NFL's AllStar Game is set for today in Honolulu, as the AFC battles the NFC in the Pro Bowl.
Who cares, but we'll take the NFC???
Lakers putting this away
Having issues with the website again!
: Domain is currently being redirected to this page until the issue's resolved!
They Getting Big My Lil Girl Diva Status Now
What Book?
Wednesday  today's quote: It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes
thanks for the tweet!
Hope all is well ; I'll be visiting NYC soon.
We're suckers!!!!
Marketing messages encouraging me to do something for my Mom for Mother's Day bum me the fuck out.
I'm going to scream like a 3yr old who doesn't get the barbie she wants.
Cheers for being the first uploader of an interview after the guerrilla usability session!
because I value my ass not being kicked!
yeah till June 4th
Testing this out for you.
It works!
BeMilwaukee now means the can head to Miller Park for the rest of the summer.
Unreal.
Here we come
Def flopworthy!
backtothedoctorwingboard logo RT Bombshell, that is one ugly logo.
Who's ready for Anchorman 2?
Oh, it's happening people.
If a D1 doesn't go up in NW Arkansas then I guess you don't like making it rain.
: Is Little Rock not enough?
You're welcome : You deserve best in LA.
I live in LA too :
imma come see you one day.
What days you work ?
Midnight in Chicago.
40 minutes until the next train.
If you want to be a 1st class city, run the trains all night regularly.
Seriously.
Not much else to report.
We'll still making changes, then off to print.
Promise we'll give an update when status changes!
Prop8 serves no purpose, and has no effect, other than to lessen the status and huan dignity of gays and lesbians in California.
Controversy, what controversy?
The people want a ban on horsedoctorwn carriages in NYC!
I hate wearing pants that are likee loose , cause they look weird on me .
ehh oh well .
Thanks for the tweet  hope we'll see you there!
OF COURSE
Something good did happen tonight...
Congratulations to and his wife Diana on the birth of their first baby.
im in that same boat
lushlifeonline.net is currently looking for contributors.
What's your thing?
Music?
Design?
Style?
Gadgets?
Shiny things?
Let's talk.
Aint nobody at Ed seen ma real side these bitches think I'm soft :
you have to believe that a good story trumps a museum demographic  that's what you're producing for.
We won't have booth at expo.
Just attending as participants.
Wake me when alwayswrongPundits stop blathering about .00001 of voters in swing states who will change vote because of what O did today
only if we can see Justin beiber and the wanted as well!
School hasn't even started yet and I already want it to end.
I get it but the restaurant is a block from the ZOO.
Kids  families built that place.
I'm awake!!
Bout to go for a swim :
does it still work?
Sounds like a great time!
Enjoy that chocolate!
awe cute..
Paramount PR is looking for a parttime assistant to work on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 95 p.m.
Candidate must hold a college undergradua
Ah!
You just solved a mystery  who painted that giant mural by our office!
Everything becomes real after you realize how many people don't care about you.
With my amazing gf :
Visit and like rondimarsh's fan page at Facebook.com for upcoming performances as they are added if you live in the Northwest.
RT : thank you everyone for making our show super awesome last night!
Live report on how SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji's friends and fellow Greeks are helping his family cope with his death coming up
what up chula???
she sure can wink!
;
F5s i thought should have said sumthin on the front and senior elites i thought the black looked a little funky but they were ok
Know the difference between Feelings 
: Oh, you're a guy that sends smiley faces to other guys in text messages?
When are you guys gonna fuck?
LMFAO !!!!
I died
It was a perfectly lovely day, and now it's time to think about infant mortality.
Sometimes I think I should try teaching something else.
Lets shoot for April 2629...all the day clubs should be open by then
nostalgia, n.
from Gr meaning to return home, homesickness.
Hadn't expected to see oh so many wonderful ppl in San Marcos today.
Miss  love
No one ever answers my questions, but they always question my answers
Just got word that Gorilla Music has chosen us to play in the Finals Showcase in January at Masquerade!!!
Conservatives have a sink or swim mentality,buy seriouslycorporate America gets tax breaks  aid  why shouldn't citizens?
that actually makes sense.
:
Having uninsured motorist coverage is so important to protect your family in case of an accident.
Contact SLG about your injury rights.
I broke a bowl and a plate in the past hour.
I think that's a new record for me
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana Line
Watching bball.
The best annoucer team ever: Musberger and Knight!
my goal today is aleast to get up to 20 followers someone HELP me plzz i will follow you back!!
3
Yes I'm tweeting from my new iPhone
is being tormented.
its ok yes i know we cant always take great pictures lol .
I just realized I met the janoskians before they were famous and I didn't know!!!
:o
lol yea i think so.
FUN reminds me a lot of Queen.
Don't smite me!!!
It's just my opinion...
o.k,o.k a touch of Phil Collins too.
eh :/
have fun ninja!
Man, the Red Sox bullpen sucks.
3run homer by Billy Butler.
Royals up 64.
What?
no...that doesnt bother me at ALL!
Highly recommend the Brooklyn Blackout  red velvet cupcakes at Little Cupcake Bakeshop.
So good!
WTF.
don't watch House while eating food.
shit ain't right, man.
RObotz is almost to 100,000!
Keep going!
Spread the word to EVERYONE!
LEGGO WE ARE TAKING OVER!
my school offered crappy food bahaha i want mexican food!
follow me.
That burst of excitement when you watching Disney channel and all of a sudden you see your sexy babies dancing bestmomentofmylife 3
Hey we are live on twitter again
Physically and mentally doctorined
is on the phone while skyping with me.
LEARN YO MANNERS.
that's awesome, except for the hipster heaven part.
I vow to never again forget the joy of doctornking an Italian soda on a sunny day.
good luck where at?
My flight is 14 hours long, I hope these sleeping pills are strong.
hey hating ariana won't make the haters pretty
Been working on RSA2012 paper for last 4 days, still 2pgs too long, still can't tell if I'm making a useful intervention or not.
Prob not.
S/O to for being my wife, and my friend.
3
I would definitely make myself available for interview for the Howard Mittman bio.
I am a published horror writer.
Psychologically, no one I work with would last two minutes inside of my skull.
Cant wait to hear his voice
So apparently Comcast did away with their contract  PDX ?
So no Blazers game.
Though...maybe I don't want to watch what is going on...
Family in ABQ.
for the Holidays?
Want them to stay near you but not with you?
: Call us for our Special Holiday rates  5052964852.
Yep.
I'm assuming that's why my invites never get accepted on steam.
Haha.
I thought you knew?
Grizzlies better not choke this...
Retweet you are proud of being a Malaysian.
Malaysia Boleh!
On tonight's Big Bang Theory episode the guys enter a costume contest!
Watch with us at 6:30 to see what they doctorss up as!
miss ya bro be safe
Monday.
After school.
Behind the ping pong tables.
6thgradefight
HappyBirthdays Dear God bless you !
I KNEW professorSSOR PAYNE'S WIFE WAS A GHOST HAAAAAHA sorry Ghost Whisperer thing
Great to have you today!
Hope to see you again.
did you see the big hail the other day?
Shot was like quarter size.
No, she'd still get mad, and there's no way I'd let you pay for it!
:
Let's stage an intervention.
Do you accept the typographical advice we are offering you today?
FF  Hard Core Celtic fans.
I see these guys at every game!
LOL your making me tired!
its okay I have blisters on my face :D lol
haha.
Well at least she gave prom queen to Rachel.
But I bet that was part of her plan all along.
To steal that moment.
People at / headed to the Pacific APA, sound off!
I always order an Americano, hot or iced, because they can't burn espresso.
But a pourover would work nicely too.
All it takes is usually one purchase to pay for the space rental and salaries.
No star can shine so beautifully tonight
BWAHAHAHAHA RT : Where we're going, we don't need original ideas!
Wearing a neon tshirt today.
The man here to fix our internet just pointed out that my shirt matches his safety reflective vest.
Sweet!
I Lovve You 3 I Lovved Your Concert Tonight Annd You Touched My Hand:D Do You Remember ?
: T E X A S A L L T H E W A Y !
;
The creepy inspirational acting quote people have finally stopped FF 'ing me.
Success.
Exhibit time!
Did you see him last year?
I love you your intelligently beautiful amazing Talent
I would but my tongue tip is currently covered with vodka.
Celebrate Pretty!!
loving her resilient and energetic cast.
How are you so far in your trip?
How far left?
I've moved on from you, any girl can have you, trust and believe you ain't my boo :
It was surreal seeing all of the NFL owners and media at the Atlanta Airport Marriott today voting on the NFL CBA.
Impatience and restless, an Aries is quick tempered and can get offended easily.
FollowBack Video Director  Graphic Designer  Photographer
I was actually singing awhile ago!
:
appreciate it :
Omg left school YAY
There have been very very few times that I've been jealous of anybody.
But today?!...and for no good reason lol.
Oh!
I kinda know that area!
I will check it out for sure!
Thanks :
Day 10 offshore, beautiful weather today.
If the rest of the job is like this I might not want to finish.
Still haven't seen any whales.
:
I got this doctornk in my cup :P
If its only 3 days, there's a guy up here who will come by your house three times a day to feed, water, and walk him.
becoming more and more frustrated by decision makers on Marco Island, Fl to continue to support the mass murdering of iguanas
Are you looking to expand your RoR expertise within the a large enterprise?
Contact Jennifer at
Looks like the rain is going to hold off!
Who's going to DIMEADOG NIGHT?
game starts at 6:35pm!
got 2 study Cc.
:s, bye
Yes, most will be within a couple miles of 465.
Sorry for being so vague right now  just want to give you the correct info!
....long as day!....visited my grandpa's grave...hanged out wit my grandma....took a nap....now I'm up...chillin wit avek kicking it...
How come Nicholas Payton's new album is in the jazz category on iTunes?
I didn't think he played jazz?
He a jazz musician now?
Easy Stallone!
RT : Do you feel THAT ?
That's me arm wrestling you to hurry up!
xo
Flameret Receives Strong Interest from China for its Patented Flame Retardant ...
Great chatting with from about tech sponsorships, one of the sponsors from this weekend's in Miami
gotta come up for air....sometime: bye sunny people!!
Enjoying a great dinner with my ma!!!!
Love this woman
How about we freeze an Orchid and unceremoniously smash it to pieces to show virginal girls what its like to be rid hard and put away wet.
Apple has sold 67 million iPads since its launch on April 3, 2010.
That's an iPad sold every second.
That is what made her famous...hindsight shows that was a smart business decision.
Agreed though, gross.
It's a rule.
RT Vintage furniture shop opens at noon, guess we HAVE to lunch at while we wait 
me an tereance on our way
I know missed over 200 this year.
Couple cats on my TL that I can TwitterTrap erry time w/ Laker slander...it's enjoyable
fries in France
you too queen...
Evans Donnell: the fringe excites me because...the new people are coming up and the old people are adapting
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is in the Dictionary!
Interesting to say the least!
Spell check that WORD!
care to elaborate?
On what tasks?
I find iPad easier to use in most of my day to day tasks
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 Tampa  Clearwater.
Friday Special.
Call NOW
Yeah I know!
Let's not let that happen again my friend.
definitely USF.
Keep icing that hand.
i'm addicted to you :
yes twin I was there and I know about all dem flutes and clarinets...wordtravelsfast peopledoctorol lol
A week later, I have a fridge again!
And I'll never take refrigeration for granted now.
For at least the next week.
ok smooth..
U left me hanging for a minute lol
S/o to my bro happy bday clown...live it up
Dyed bottom of my hair red.
Yolo?

a partner, a spouse; nope not me; just me.
Brasil?
Not that kinda football LOL.
RT Brasil!
you cheer for Brasil!
It's official 's 2012 Summer Wine Competition will be held at the Rancho Bernardo Inn.
Voting 7/21 Public Medal pour 8/4 Cheers
Seeing my mom cry, makes me want to cry....such a sensitive family...lol
Hope you had a safe return home and great memories of the bro's of San Fran : Learned tons from you, thx for the wisdom!
:Pretending to look for your homework when you know you didnt do it
bars  They're really good, a bit more  than other bars, but they use a 141 model to feed childoctorn.
Buy
when a girl still sucks her thumb..
she's too young for you bro.
;D
True statement.
Guess James Franco's ravioli party will have to do.
I just wanted to look more fashionable than my nasty boots.
I was in London, after all.
RT : I ironed on my tattoos
Europes Leading Online Healthcare Provider Offers New Womens Health Treatments
Remember that it is still autism awareness month...
what does autism meen to me..
doctorving 75 miles one way to the dentist.
thanks for the follow.
We love our pets too.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Haha my lil cousing sang to me all day long
One month until i'm on a plane for paris!3
Book that shit, homeboy!
I like it!
Merry Christmas everyone !
Happy birthday Jesus have a good one!
Shabazz wows the crowd with a onehanded slam off the side of the backboard.
Perfect score.
He's your champion.
Oh well, no traffic for later !
I'm so frustrated bro.
talked gas prices, reducing dependence on fossil fuels, need to focus on renewables on this a.m Great job
can get some mentions ???
four words: legs.
up.
the.
wall.
:
Rythm guitars are solid!!!
tracking leads and some vocals friday!!!
almost there guys!b
Higher taxes for the rich Twi2012  How much of the Robin Hood hero lives in the hearts and minds of the wealthy?
no kidding I get so many of these.
Instant ban for me, but I get so tired of them.
Okay, taking a break from writing.
Can't wait to start directing this stuff.
It gonna be fun.
Rivera going out a winner !
Very cool!
im gonna get fat with all this cake people keep giving me lmao
kidism When I was very pregnant with the twins, my nephew Dexter exclaimed ...
http:/kidisms.com/141
Hi there, you personally need to know the cause of your neck pain.
Taking medicine for relief is not good enough :
lol I just farted and my school blew up.
SCHOOLS OUT MOFO'S.
Just saw it at Living Room Theatres.
You must go!
Sunday Funday in the Courtyard at the Waco with
Chelsea are such execrable goons.
Completely undeserved.
MOTM for the ref.
finna send it bro
had no idea you were a comm.
person / PR when I met you.
Thx for the follow.
hahaha how would i get through school without you?
i couldn't find the cancel job button!
gothswagg gingerbestfriends :
No..
only 19 minutes left of this season of
Your bald
It's games like today that I wish I was at the game watching Greinke pitch.
SustUnbound one definition of property is that from which you can exclude others.
So.
.
.what about books?
ha ha!
Hell yeah Swisher!!!!!
I've been to all those places  sounds amazing and fun!
RT Then how can you criticize Westbrook?
: FYI: Coach didn't like me b/c I shot too much and he wanted me to be more PG.
Are the people blown away by 50 Shades of Gray unaware that there's naughty writing on the Internet?
RT : Caps 4 shots on goal in the 3rd.
That's lock down D baby.
Don't diss the cookie monkee
I still feel the shocks going through my knee.....cool Devin.Anne3
Haha!
RT : Woo hoo!!
Adopt me!
RT : A2.
Family size Frozen Margarita.
Hey, I travel w.
5 kids!
this one going in the record books
yeah i can't wait...
think the car will weigh about 20 pounds less in dust by the time its done
what ?!
Happy Birthday Franny !!lol blessings!!
you should say because this is everywhere north of San Francisco and west of Chicago
good to hear.
hope everything else is going well.
iPhone's look so much better without cases.
like Tyler...
Do you have aluminum siding on your old house?
There's a good chance you've got some nice wood siding hiding underneath!
I had this custom made
you don't seem like someone who takes some shit.
my new friend to me.
I agree.Maybe the third time around.I still love the Orioles unfortunately.
On downtown revitalization: I would pursue federal funding for the revitalization effort.
you should have went to Sprinkles on Walton...
Glad I was teleworking today so I could bury that raccoon.
we'll see how the dice rolls!
I want more tight shots.
I always want more tight shots.
Don't you want more tight shot?
Remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives, nor lives any other than this which he now loses
You are SO annoying.
Money is not for getting things, it's for changing things.
From
hang aaround therre if ya could and are u like around by the blue line metro?
professorssor is late the day after the Superbowl....
for a 4:30 pm class.
Nice work.
I fucking hate crying.
Thanks for your lovely words of wisdom!
Spreading peace every day :
Today is national Go Skateboarding Day so get out there and skate an then go to CowTown for the Transworl Premier!
guy in the right aisle seat in the 5th row has been playing solitaire for the longest time
How much did it cost you though?
re Netflix: 180 South
flexpro lineup looks sick...
I got lots of work ahead of me.
Yep, done!
Thanks!
Thanks Pitt.
You just busted my bracket for good.
awesome!
I'll a Treaty Oak cocktail tonight to celebrate.
Happy SXSW!
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about professorts.
They will be embarrassingly large.
Henry Ford
You can get a voucher to Old Navy for 20 for just 10 today courtesy of Groupon!
Yesterday I was talking to a girl who always wears TIGHT shirts and she said I have big boobs and don't like to doctorw attention to them 
Well JB was in Miami, and me and pili couldnt go to the concert because we had to go to school, we cried all math period .
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man.
Who said that?
He should lose his license
: Nothing like getting to the track before sunrise and leaving after sunset...
dedication Life in
I'm always surprised by how accurate these things are.
it gets harder then easier haha
So excited you're on Twitter!
Be there soon.
Looking forward to edit day 1 great shoot yesterday!!
intro video is pure genius.
wish i had as a guest lecturer crows in back of class
wait where you going?!
good morning from
I swear your avi just amazes the fxck out of me every time I see it ...
Weird as fxck
Hey lady!!
Look at you lookin all good and stuff!!
cwebodymedia device detects exercise and sleep of user
Thanks for the follow.
Best way I know to stay fit  PLAY!
Glad to be connected.
I wish these mamas would stop putting all this weave intheir little girls hair.
Looking like the old school Clark Sisters.
: Janet Jackson had 6 great albums.
From Control to Damita Jo.
This ain't up for debate niggas.
: LOL some idiot just said Memphis is a state.
What a fucking clownthe correct terminology is asshat.
Are you ever in LA?
Strength is the ability to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands and then eat just one of those pieces.
I can't find your email.
my email is
life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
neale donald walsch
Now my shit wana work had to turn the whole phone off.
long day...
need a hot shower  then off to bed
Full sweep this morning.
Ready to go wild this afternoon!
oh, me too: what grade are you in?
I'm glad you're awesome!
: I'm well, thank you.
I've missed talking to you!
FF my crafting, antique loving, puppy wanting, separated at birth twin
Happy Birthday, America!
Thanks for RT !
TraderTed has gone bat shit crazy!
I'm loving this new GM we picked up!
Got school tomar but not tues like what the f y not just no schhool monday and tuesday lol
Tomorrow is the red legs vs the Bronx Bombers!
It's going to be a great game, and of corse it's during graduation!
Stupid graduation!
:/
RT : There just isn't any pleasing some people.
The trick is to stop trying.
Robert Mitchum
this guy from the navy gave me a lecture on life today.
I see it in a whole new way now.
Free promotion for your social networks on my professorle.
Try the URL.
trust me its great.
BTW , follow 4 follow?
We will fail our paper....
And we'll doctorg Daniela with us...
We suck...
tees coming soon.
I will be rocking one tmister!
should we be shopping for baby gifts???
VC model of entrepreneurship  public policy  bold government.
Where's the low hanging fruit?
excuse you can explain exactly waht you said?
whosgonnalose  Indianapolis at Buffalo  Buffalo will lose
Gov.
Rick Scott and voter suppression!
Bill is on its way to him.
Click here to send him a message: Please veto CS/CS/HB 1355.
i'm thinking of using for rails development too, what model did you have?
4gb ram?
Just met at Forks doctorm Shop in Nashville!
Why is it that the first song that pop in my head when I woke up is I roll up smh lol
Love that song!
And nw for Backstage..
I will give you a shotout this weekend I got you, haha.
Hahaha, yeah, basically, they are!
About to hit 20 followers!
Thanks everyone!
Every step counts!
On my way back home from miami finally..
Dead tired.
no not yet.
But I'm going to eventually
Kay Polansky can't remember exactly how long she's been helping organize NNO events, but it's been years.
Tonight she's on hotdog duty.
if i was on the thunder id be scared to death of metta.
Ppl change like seasons!
REMINDER: Paramount Open Jam has been moved to Friday June 17th!
I would !
It's like if  texted you
Lol idk Im bored!
Lol I want to be in Hollywood already
I know!
It's such a pet peeve of mine.
Such a lack of etiquette!
We are off vacaction from blogging!
We are back!
lets get it boys
Second day of USNG Training with Delta State Univ Instructors.
2day is the navigational day w FDNY IMT.
see you there!
Can't wait!
Avengers was pretty damn good.
Starts slow but the final 30 minutes is AMAZING
I always laugh when I get a guest rejection stating, Sorry I am in China.
Last I checked they have phones in China.
Wondering how I have so many followers with less than a dozen tweets!?
Now the pressure's on to deliver!
Super excited, looking forward to Edgar Awards tonight!
supernatural!!!:D you!?;
Canadian beer :
Always love your POV.
Keep letting us know what you see around the corner?
RunChat Q2 I always wear my compression gear while running!
are you here?
if so, let's hangout!
boyfriend is way more
Who has some really great looking blog designs lately?
I initially thought you were but now see that you're not.
Thanks for the tips.
man i remembered when i woke up today..i just left it alone...niggas be tired lmao
never that!
Lebron will step up and have a big next game!
Thank you for your service to Indiana.
Best wishes.
better be present for my next tattoo
Shoutout to World Star Hip Hop I want a Fitness Ball now 
AskBieber Justin Where Wilk You Be Going During The BelieveTour.??
Will you come to Indiana.?
watching game plan right now!!!
fave part of filming it???
Sound of Music :
Whoa!
Good luck.
I think I could use one, as well.
I respectfully wanna invite urrone to Toc Bar tonight as we party til 4am with the gorgeous Athen on the mic and myself in the mix...: 
simply celebrate everything!
who cares!
as long as it's fun!
:
When does a monkey have a trunk?
When a suitcase just won't do.
Haha
What a beautiful homepage!
I would love to learn more about your site before signing up.
Because honestly, you either have money or you don't, and you might as well have it...
right???
Fun night at Lucky Bar watching the world series.
Great game, Cardinals!
Come and see us at Oktoberfest in La Mesa!
Carne Asada, Pollo Asada and Carnitas tacos.
La Mesa 11 am to 11 pm today.
Shop and Party!
washing away the sins?
was literally thinking today about moving down there fulltime once the kids r gone.
Can go into business w/
Whats going on in TN?
Makin' moonshine?
So it was that I found myself in Charleston, South Carolina on March 25, 1861, standing amidst the gloomy mood in a hotel lobby.
Everyone get your votes in for the SAG awards?
I've watched this like 5 times, and it never stops being funny.
Hahaha.
Follow my ravishing sister  actress, model, hiphop superstar 
So apparently it stormed last night?
Yea I left my window open with a fan blowing in...my carpet needed washed anyways.
They are just words made creatively!
Starting a new DnD campaign this afternoon with my son  four of his friends.
Omg you're so close!!
Will you please follow ?!
JamesMaslowTo600k ...
LOVE YOU!
:3
If you have a few mins.
tomorrow, would be great to talk about BuddyPress.
Just started admin'ing site w/ it: clgbthistory.org
This is great.
Will they also teach kids not to throw chix wings, styrofoam, doritos,  cans on the sidewalk in the first place?
Tweeting the person that's sitting 3 feet away from you, instead of actually speaking.
I cut ALL my hair off!
I Know!
I Loved Them Both!
If you like hilarious shirts buy this  Seriously...
30 to Spend on Novelty TShirts and Hoodies httpp://ow.ly/1M8xBw via
cruz'n to that leanerville USA...
vmamos!
That makes me : RT : SimplyLeap yep.
You are hugs.
Thanks to the PNC Grow Up Great folks for manning our phone bank tonight!
I'm down!
Lol
Lots of meetings scheduled ahead.
Can't wait to discuss potential business opportunities with several other entrepreneurs
I don't know.
I think I'd see that RT : Mel Gibson is Back and wackier than ever!
It's a bit tricky to create an ad for ebooks that mostly don't work on ereaders.
Don't want to false advertise.
Thats Every Day.
I Said Weekend Ho.
since then Ive read bits  pieces of doctorPerkins  Ive really enjoyed listening 2 Rudy Carrasco's podcasts.
How r u involved?
Sleep cycles?
'Act of Valor' was worth every second in the theater!
How do I get Trending Articles out of my Facebook feed?
I want someone to say, Always.
to me and actually understand the signifigance.
Now the ATL Haunted History is showing a place in Millidgeville!
This is ridiculous.
All of GA, save Sav or Aug, is apparently ATL.
i need 1 more female actress for a music video tonight!
anyone?
Being ugly sucks :/ being dumped on 9/11 sucks even more
yes!
Ha that was her
Childoctorn's bio perfect 4 National Wildflower Week Miss Lady Bird's Wildflowers: How a First Lady Changed America by
contest goes all weekend and winner will be chosen on Monday.
good luck!
you want to clean your list around every 90 days or so with the people who have opted in, then NEVER opened your messages
ah ha
OnTheLastDayofSchool I'M GETTING THE BIGGEST BOTTLE SO I CAN CELEBRATE....
FUCK SUMMER SCHOOL...
SEE YALL AGAIN IN THE FALL realltalk ;
Excellent video doc.
Thanks for following me.
hahah no Just me Being a silly goose with my soap opera show haha
okay, picture is up.
Hm...now what?
is my 17th Bday!!
And I get a birthday tweet please!?!?!
I love you guys!!!
333
Here's to hoping Russell Wilson has some success in the NFL.
It was a pleasure to watch him play last season.
We'll take 'em any way we can.
what are your plans for Labor day weekend??
my phone tries to auto correct Eastland to wasteland.
Just sayin
so tired...
Now following :
haha no problem!
Happy birthday I love love love you!!
cool!
Where can we buy?
agreed man.
Not cool.
I'm down for trivia Wed.
Boyzone are doctornk walking up my road
I've been thinking that he's involved in that for a little while now and now that she mentioned the sons, definitely!
Taking a personal day for the first time.
The stupendous Austin Owen is gonna kill it in my place.
I'm not in class!
I got out of school over an hour ago
GO FOLLOW  OR ELSE I WILL GET CHUCK NORRIS ON YOUR ASS!
Goodnight you guys had a great day.
Veep on HBO is fucking brilliant!
NEW ON THE SMALL PLATE MENU: Tartare of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Raw Quail Egg, Capers, Pickled Shallot, Rye Toast, Spicy Chili Aioli
Ask Havs about stage diving for Helmet/Jesus Lizard.
He's started 11 of 12 May games, I'd say that's pretty much every day.
of course!
Ask away...
It's too early  I'm at the library STFU!
lol
Thought it was a pretty good welcome back episode.
Just enough movement in the story to get ya back in to it
Need a texting buddy..
Any takers?
:
Are all checkout processes as complicated as Virtuemart ?
Inquiring clients want to know.
What else to use for Joomla!
ecommerce?
NBCSDDebate  We're watching candidates speak on the issue of Pension reform.
Not hearing anything new.
What do you think?
Hey Chelsie, seriously check our website  have friends/family gift you travel cash.
Every bit helps for your celebration trip :
saying no is a very important skill!
Thank you for the congrats :
Close enough!
Was joking slightly.
However was thinking of a variety of tweets for each point Not serious tho
Special moment at Robben Island: former political prisoner guide praising prison library for uncensored access to books.
Opened his world.
you could have tweeted me homeboy!
Trauma as a place of service  the greatest mission field of the 21st century.
Diane Langberg
Computer training at work.
my original sin we meet again.
happy birthday!!
11
Yes we do plan to partner with Family Success centers
Loyal Labrador who stayed by dead dog39;s side ...
Avid Investor Group
Hooping today for sure busted knee and all
thank you!
7 BILLION PEOPLE ON EARTH
Today's Google Doodle was done by a 7 year old.
Impressive!!!
Get exams out the way then back to boxing :D
Now watching The Real Goodfella on the Audience Network
is it time to start rockin the combover to school?
That should be okay!
Our Ward 1 town hall meeting is tonight at 6:30 at Carlos Rosario Int'l Public Charter School at 1100 Harvard St, NW.
3 course Chef's tasting menu with wine pairing for only 30!
Or hang out at the wine bar with 25 off wines and 5 starters.
Criminal Minds Is On Good Night3
OK, just keep me posted!
:
k, gonna stay with my mom and my family now!
goodbye 
Saturday plans 
I smile 98 of the time :  hahaha so awesome
ok homie, I actually completely forgot about it.
Coulda had yourself a free hoodie and headband lol
wats the job
Your remix of Break'n A Sweat is truly amazing.
One of the best remixes I've ever heard for sure.
Really great flip of a track.
Keeping up with the Voyage tweets breaks my heart.
To know that those people had no idea what was waiting for them...
Bad idea 42 of the week: eating Dorito shell Taco Bell taco.
Why must I always eat something left in newsroom???
This dude George Zimmerman better be out of the country bc this new black panther party seems damn serious.
bravo for your segment with Mo Domingo last night.
mister Colbert, we are holding auditions in April/May...c'mon down!
People in gainesville still sleep til noon.
the look holds up better than I woulda thought...
but id still prefer it handdoctorwn...this will also be the style for the next batman
no just been really busy.
Hope all is good with you!
I've finally realized how lost I am without my best friend!!
Miss you 
Oh ya and by the way my friends don't like you.
Idk why you talk to them.
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom ever  yes I'm biased.
I love you!!!
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxo
Thanks for the kudo's on our new website.
You mentioned storage folders?
We have storage boxes and we have music folders???
thx
My second tweet and my second follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him :
Nope, didn't feel the quake here in the Denver area.
While living in SD, a 5.3 caused a wave effect in the floor of my office...
Glad and I got to catch up with over lunch!
We missed you !
happy birthday ronald weasley.
Y'all, I almost lost it when the President hugged Congresswoman Giffords!!
Hey guys I'm a horse NEIGH NEIGH
Hello.
Does studying with a Buddhist monk help you understand autism?
Double doozy, huh?
Glad to meet you.
LOOKING AT MY MOMMA CEILING WISHING DAT I HAD A MILLION
Could this be the one
Today, everyone is wearing Mariano Rivera's uniform number.
Always a great tribute to the best closer of all time!!
The only thing holding me back is myself.
oh yeah.
Ill be back.
German accent..
transverse White Horse Tavern
Seeking a Marketing Director for a prestegious global Management consulting firm in NYC!
Up to 170k  bonus and benefits
God's canopy is over you and will cover you at all times, preserving you from evil.
So don't be afraid, God is everywhere.
Thanks for following me on twitter!
I am 6'6, I could seek your advice for custom clothing next time I need it
on my grind
iGetRealMadWhen people stick their noses in other people's business
Tonight we are hosting our vip event Disco Inferno.
Open to the public at 8pm.
DM for guest list.
Please RT.
When he gets jealous it shows me he just cares :
When I was younger, if you could run up the slide you had serious skills.
i was scared too, but it will take the pain away.
keep me updated!
RT The only way to achieve your doctorams is to take a risk.
Without sacrifice, progress is unattainable.
check your device...
digiatally
yessir!
We there bro.
New York City!!!
Friday!!!!
I know who I'd pick based on that!
Assume you travel alone.

what are the odds of bringing Spo back  adding Doc for Indy?
We still might add some more coaches after the playoffs!
is amazing and is helping me to change my life!
Hm.
Winter is right around the corner.
Know who you are and then adorn yourself appropriately.
Epictetus, The Discourses
Omg It's Raining !
It Hasn't Rained In San Antonio In Foreverr :D
Be sure to visit our website for the latest in MMA news
I swear, Barack Obama has the support of like 99.9 of all teenagers
trying to figure out twitter is like reading hebrew.
confusing.
I'm sure I try 's patience.
He puts up my blog post and I ping him 10 times because I find errors.
God I'm a bad speller.
i want to be seen RED!!!
aww man look im walking u down the aisle already lol
The rangers are the ish
Peres says fall of Assad would be death knell for Hezbollah: report
Finally a sensible one.
Thank you.
:
and what will you do when you find someone in the ice cream aisle?
Scope them up and lick them till they melt?
Lol ;
Started some Common Core standards curriculum work at Olean CSD today.
I love the smell of curriculum in the morning.
ONELINER: Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Sorry to hear about that!
We will speak with that department.
Let us know if you need anything!
He's running for president because he's Mitt Romney unemployed.
EPA official apologizes for call to 'crucify' oil companies, senator investigating  Fox News CRUCIFIED HIM
I will!!!!
Hahaha
Yes Sir!
The joint at Hard Rock 8pm
That was a seriously fun time'
We got there around 330!
'Keep it open!' me to
seriously.
In love.
Bringin the Word to the heathens in expository.
Wassup!!!
followesd, follow back?
Maybe his answer why is more people r losing interest in blogging?
Less people doing it?
Which doesn't mean it's bad
Oh yay the rain has made to South Florida.
time for me to go inside.
Not Swaggy Bieber voice
any sand or dust can still scratch the glass.
Get a protector, you won't be disappointed.
: How many famous and highspirited heroes have lived a day too long?
Rousseau Colts PeytonManning ???????????
And we're up: For the next oncoming years, I plan to deliver some very cool things which I have had in store.
Stay tuned!
The faith I see inside myself was giving from god
On metro north with a corona, for no other reason than the fact that I can
Don't forget, they'll be at roller derby double header tonight!
We're sponsoring all season!!
Cheers!
I won't go anywhere of you do
Still true for religious, gender, education 'slavery'.
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
i just beat angry birds christmas with 3 stars on all levels!!
It took awhile but, i got there.
young the yiant
The NBA where missed free throws happen...
The new store near my house sells lace front wigs, eyelashes and Brazilian butt lift jeans.
This is a true story.
Not made up.
136 million objects to visually describe?
Better get talking
It a come back to his tweet folks
The eskimos had fiftytwo names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love.
I wish would set up shop next door so that I could eat delicious snacks all day.
The real slim shady is back.
Sorry for any tweets that didn't seems like us..
Password reset..
and account returned to normall:
over due avatar of Crowder.
Jaemazing run of late for
I hope and ready for this
hey Abby how r u?
how about a better way of providing education..?
a 21st century.
not necessarily a higher edu.
This was so very kind.
Thank you.
Did you know that most of your elected officials have a facebook and twitter account...
Occupy there too!
Went to the gym today...pretty sure I've met my quota for the year.
I deserve a Grammy...
Commission meeting is in session.
Watch live online at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
Hey, kids!
Rock and roll!
Shake yo body, now lose control!
Just move it, lose it, whatcha whatcha gon do with it?!
Off of work
Who knew that just coloring your hair , was painful ?
Imma be the little treadmill slave that could.
I knew you would love that : hahaha love you
Looking for indie YA authors to read and review.
DM me!
Whats Up Guys ?
: Sorry Im on  off this account : im trynaa get more followers here though 3
a no hitter with all strike outs would be a perfect game..
: and No Hay Banda, this Thur at Mad Frog in Cincy.
preview!
and more sept 30oct2
I'm not in kingsville bro
Bought stamps this morning to mail wedding invitations.
Choice was White Roses or Civil War stamps.
Went Roses, probably a good decision :
where do we find them?
SUGAR RUSH.
ZOOM ZOOM ZOOM.
U may be a dog but ur a pretty cool cat
Getting ready for the Chicago Fire game on Saturday night.
Go die.
I hate you.
Ok it happened so I'm asking for a follow.
Been following you since 1998 in Helena.
On the ground in C'ville with Perriello's tremendous core staffenergy here is fantastic and everyone's psyched for tomorrow.
Big Papi just had his first steal since 2008.
I'm surprised it wasn't 1998.
follow me lol ;
adding you
saxophonist Lenard Simpson received outstanding soloist award  performed with Mingus Big Band at the last night!!
Amy please follow me I'm your biggest fan ever like I will not shut up about meeting y'all April 28 it doctorvin everyone crazy :
ma b text me the dets
Been crying all night, doctornking all summer.
Praying for my happiness, I just hope that I recover3
Recessionhonor system: removal of NYC subway station attendant booths means noone sees if you jump a turnstile  but how many do?
Romney is against character assassination but character carpetbombing is totally copacetic.
Mommy, may I please have some more juice?
LOL!
We forget they need our help to choose the right words/tone
It sure is an exciting time for technology startups in Detroit.
Visit soon!
Your welcome Kristi , Glad it made it to your door and hope it fits.
Wash it in cold water inside out 100 cotton dark color
The older u get the less u want friends in ur life.....

Hope your Saturday night wasn't as doctorma filled as Friday night!
Haha
So excited to meet today!
RT : Bottums Up!?!
:  Correct, you win!
DM us your addoctorss!
Today is the seniors last school weekend.
you're here in spirit!
I used our masterpiece slide deck as a framework for tonight : cc
Apartment hunters: Check out our available units  3D floor plans!
We hear the birds chirping from the West Coast!
:
And then there was privacy...a tricky thing in a teepee.
Chief Many Moons
i think this is the best year for black friday!!
found 6 55 flat screens tvs under 700
Just found out my eMusic DLs will be cut by half for same price.
I joined to explore indies, not Sony's backcatalog!
Thanks : Idk yet i have to get my work permit
where the fuck you at?
lol
Can't sleep
The 32oz Vanilla Cupcake cappuccino at QT is not as good as I had hoped...
FF7 is the best game ever made.
But in this exchange you definitely threw the winning salvo with that last one.
T'was wild to have an in Seoul.Felt like home!
I bet they don't sell rice sticky buns along w/ coffee in the Stat
Still time RT Wonder if Kershaw or someone gets plunked tonight after that whole Parra incident last year.
RT this for a SHOUT OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:D
I want to meet someone who wouldn't take advantage of me if given the chance.
My cousin was a brat when she was little.
We actually called her Angelica behind her back xD
Thanks Peter.
Just checking!
It will be nice and warm this weekend.
Summer is already here!
Every fuckin time i make somethin fuckin my bro has 2 eat with me i hate sharing my food
Up bright and early, ready to go at 101.9 The Mix!
The Rockers 
I've made chili, worked on my car, played frisbee with dog, and even skated today.
Now time for work.
A thought at work: Always thank stakeholders 4 the things they do.
Do not measure only in terms of dollars and cents.
Sunday naps are one of my favorite things.
made the brownies extra yummy!
;
Christmas time is full of people quoting the same lyrics to all I want for christmas is you.
Fun
erl12 created a FileMaker pro database to captainre usage info of all resources
nd ma name is megan:
RT : Its No hiding it now its about that ring NOW..
oh ouch.
I love everything about
You cat to be kitten me right meow!
good one!
Hermit....
yeah I am to why?
Gov.
Christie slept through 3rd period
I enjoyed your post...
Congrats!
was fun having alone time but all my peeps were asking about you.
May have to have a party this year just to make up for that.
thats what we said.
830pm.
.......
Mike Stern ticket give away today at 3, at Facebook/BluesAlley
When a man marries a woman, they become onethe trouble starts when they try to decide which one.
Croft Pentz
The Indians take the lead!
21!
the new media weapon.
The media is exacting revenge for his 20 minutes vid.
read it at www.uniteandstate.com
Guess what!
brain freeze.
You're so very welcome.
; thank you for that !
Ooh, I'm going outside right now.
Go Daina and Dace name readers extraordinaire!
Do you think Justin Bieber is the father or is this lady bullshitting?
Usetittiesinamovietitle Old Titties  For Old School
Does chris brown have a tiny chat i was talking to him earlier not lying
My deodorant wasn't very effective today.
That's ok I will just put on more cologne and have the scent of a French whore.
Yes I sang Ignition the Remix at karaoke tonight!
3 trees.
That's the best thing about the south.
Trees.
Got respect for country music.
You have an amazing voice and are extremely talented!!!
Good luck to you in your music career!!
Fister, you go with the two best, give yourself the best chance to that day...
can't plan for the next day  win today
From my favorite Washington Post Columist HouseLawyerRealEstateNewsAnalysis.html?soid1010984599346aidV8TVKFtPZVw
Where the fuck has been?
You were told to run away.
Soaked the place enlight the flame.
Pay the price for your betrayal.
Your betrayal.
Your betrayal.
I love you
doctorm lessons...hopefully outside.
But how do you think visualizing tweets can help cross platform?
Happy Birthday cousin!!
I hate getting up just because I'm hungry.
Need to start keeping bedside food.
Morning momma
I think in LA that's call an overpass.
I might be wrong.
RT : What pass was that by LA
Just spilled water on my laptop at work.
Not liking the water
:D your amazing: i love your song down to earth:
Very nice!
I think I would look so sexy surfing ...
yooo text me
I love the way Brits pronounce fuck
Oh Yeah I Remember Thx:
about 45 min I'd guess.
It's been a very, very long doctorve.
Thanks man
want to play a show with next Wednesday?
Fab Expands Across 13 European Countries, Is Actively Looking For Acquisitions  TechCrunch
My neighbor is a pretty good pianist.
Really not looking forward to giving a speech in front of my whole English class today.
winkyface and chase is your dads name brad?
kind of like when Marcus Allen said that the team with the most points will win.
Who's watching the orangebowl  what's up with Train guy's hair?!?!
RyanBraun after his eloquent speech, they still doctorg him down
Was resisting going to bed this early, but then remembered that I didn't go to bed until 3:30 last night.
Z.
not much.
Sorry for the long wait.
Almost a new year....time to get a new you.
It's MOJITO Mondays 5 mojitos!
Come join us!
Sometimes Twitter  Facebook is a big What Would You Do?
With John Quinones.
Thanks for the RT!
All these haters are just giving me more views
hey girl, I hope all is well, looking 4ward 2 having U up the road next week in Lex at The Tin Roof..gonna B a great show!
Two's a couple, three's a scene.
Back in town, from watching Angelica Chavez's awesome victory!
We are so proud of her and the rest of the fighters from Chavez Dojo!!
thanks I see U !
U a ANIMAL!
u on TOP!
So i no i SeeU!
Get it!!!
Thanks for the follow
This is not pretend, don't play the end.
I know you're real and not just a book I read.
that is engrained in your brain.
wait are you still on twitter?
Yo you never paid for the hookers, roofies, and zip of GDP I sent over to your motel.
thanks!
Have a great weekend!
Just listened to an interview with Morris Claiborne on I officially like this dude a LOT now.
gonna be changing twitter id..
stayed tuned
yeah, no.
She's MY best friend.
I need more followers to unfollow this page it got hacked please follow my new one
hugs back.
:D
RT : Happy birthday to our founder, !
Thanks for all you do for childoctorn in the Rochester community!
not ready to goto school but i have to , i hate that my mom makes me leave now  i start class in an hour 1/2
Ready to leave for Miami tomorrow.
LMAOO!
RT : we still are homie had to stop somewhere real quick and do some doctorgs
You are the 6th member of 1D....no questions asked.
.
Most areas of the U.S.
have more trees now than when the colonists came.
Indians burned forests to make grazeland.
Love me some awesome peeps
Yeah, but I'm talking about how other fan bases/general people think all of us are Little Monsters.
My nails look fresh ': i love doing my own nails 3
so freaking mad and tired
He'll probably start again anyway since his single is done and AMAZING!
Just like him ; 3
good point lol :
Thank u sunshine, for making this busy day a beautiful one!
2 AUDITIONS, 1 panel, 2 workshops.
Phew!
When your on the weeds...no matter what it is you make it funny...3:20hightweet
Happy Birthday !
We are getting nutty tn.
Had a good day today , played call of duty
is without a doubt the best player in the country.
yeah for spring break.
Hopefully :S
Finished Homicide by David Simon, creator of The Wire.
Why didn't I read this ten years ago?
Brilliant.
hello sexy how you been ?
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT !
u short
Beautiful weekend forecast!
Enjoy refreshing Stella Marina Starfish cocktail patio w vodka, pineapple, mint  cayenne
Eh.
Just another fearmongering article by rich folks who are worried that the normals can now get in on early deals.
That a boy Chip.
Keep it going
I know guys think about sex a lot, but surely I'm setting some kind of record.
ALERT!
We'll be closed Noon5pm today Friday 4/13 for a private event.
See you at 5pm for Happy Hour!
that ur thoughtful answer?u see no pattern of meanness,ego,elitism,...?That is worrisomeof you
yes sir!
Another time :/
RT FOLLOW my TEAM  follow us 2 Ocean Bar 2night!
i won't say that I am hungover, just that I am very tired.
buying mister B one for mothers day.
ha, only if we storify it B
no doubt i read a retweet earlier that made me sad.
I'll try and find it for u
Make sure you stop in to get something to wear for the New Year!
Wtf they know bout Easy E?
Lol white ppl funny
I need to start booking people for hair appointments.
Already getting requests ;D
I love my new iPad!!!
I put my size 4 clothes into the attic.
In a coffin.
WeWontWork if you still talk EX
I want to go to wildwood someonecomewithme !
Thanks for sharing, glad you enjoyed it.
Have you burned any ships recently?
im on the east
Meeting with technical team and they are distracted by Matt Cain sitting next to us.
I love COD we play that sometimes too
Behind the scenes of libmade: One of the best parts is seeing the attendance go up and also seeing some familiar names joining in!
Up and ready!
You're welcome!
We moms of many have to stick together!
Who doesn't love cookies?
lol
That does make it so hard!
Let us know when you're needing motivation, we'll be here!!!
that akward moment when you open a pack of gum and then everyone wants to be your friend
I am one proud girlfriend!
Mumbai Bistro's website is live.
www.
mumbaibistro.com
things I'm tired of 1; small dogs
nowplaying for the fallen doctoramsnightmare 3
WoW, 11inch.
Never dealt with sumthn that big!!
Happy Thursday kizombalovers!!!
dh11 Q: w/n startup grants, training for scaling up to bigger grants?
: ...
Hey !
...
Hope to see at the party on Tuesday, June 14th at Sky Bar ...
Yeap, Ill b there!
: thanks!!
of course!
Did you go see it?
Tell me what you thought!
:
An email from who is in Rwanda w/ makes me jealous that she's breathing in the smokey air  hugging kiddos.
Late FollowFriday post: and !!
We appreciate your insight!
More detail on what instructions you would add?
Feel free to email:
Is Giving Away a Wii, Follow and Retweet to Win
Fear was never a factor.
wait, that sounds like backhanded encouragement!
Want up to date sports news every day!?
Check out our friends
Make Sure That You Are Taking Advantage Of All Possible Retirement Strategies: 401Ks, IRAs, Mortgage Strategy, Brokerage Accounts, etc...
I now own a table saw and hope to keep all my fingers forever.
Oh and we gotta go get a mother's day present today
Really the houstons need help 4 kicking Whitney husband Bobbi Brown not cute
Weekday weekends in SF are the best!
Just got my eyebrows done lol
oh cool don't love me ?
I'm really not sure how to respond to that
please come to the Royals next year
Act nice, and gentlemanly.
me  attack me now.
Hey everyone, follow Constantino's MarketUniversity Circle at
See you tonight starting at 7pm for Art  Design Night in the Miami Design District.
The rain is gone and it's going to be a great night.
night kenny glad I can become a Hollander to you : even though I already am one to
I HATE IT
If there's anything we learned from I Am Legend it's that Will Smith talks to mannequins.
But also that he might survive
Thanks!
RT : I love the space!
I'd like to punch that Rodoctorguez in the mouth!
Wieters is the man!
I've said it before, but am I really the only one who kinda feels sorry for Wolfgang Van Halen?
..opinions vary, but it's a very potent way of rebuking any kind of negative or EVIL, feel me?
Trey bien, merci!
ThingsCentralStudentsSay; Student OH SHIT.
Teacher Get out!.
Student I SAID 'HUSH IT.'
would you guys kill me if I made it my icon?
Who's hungry?
Freshbaked flatbread !
Excited to have a little fiesta
I dont tweet very often, what is up with me?
is performing a cover of Feel So Close To You...
right now
Life Lift, the Oprah blog.
Happy earth day!!!
Don't do it, Betty!
Put down the whip cream!
I think it did Fox has pushed back the 24 film twice in two years.
Myperfectguy someone who always wants to hug and kiss me.
At the right time.
Having dinner at fuentes.
Prolly a 2 hour wait...
Or as I like to think about it, a 5 beer wait
The otaku are probably having massive orgasms while preordering their cute girls doing cute things movie.
orioles record is now 61 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch in a game and 03 when he does
Danny Miller is hot!
I was going to make a joke about Crystal molesting Justin Beiber, but it really feels more like it'll be the other way around..
lol :p i wish I knew!
Its not like I brought up Dallas sweeping the Lakers or anything....Why did you have to do that?!
Your a horrible person
Just a reminder that it's HAPPY HOUR at from 57pm!
That place isn't shit but a social spot
BTW, great crowd tonight at Prince Chichbu Memorial Rugby Ground in Tokyo despite the weather
algebra2 Can Be So Confusing and Hard!!
:/
Thanks, doll.
Great to see you today!
And you, sir, are at the top of the that list.
SometimesYouHaveTo keep yo ass in the house  stop runnin dem damd streets.
Thinking about starting a 'nonnoisseur wine blog' for people who love wine .
Would you read it?
Good afternoon, all.
Hope you're moving your day along positively.
How is everyone's day going?
Are you lending a free hand to someone in your life?
i was only totally joking.
Final Fight, Aliens vs.
Predator and The Punisher were hands down kickass beat 'em up arcade games.
Don't forget Cadillacs  Dinosaurs.
you recommend this movie to everyone !
But it is one of my favs 
finally !
lol jk, its all good.
but like...
i dont want people from school to see what i tweet !
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home.
The reason
almchicago  Lunch is served!
Sometimes we have to erase our history in order to write our destiny!
Followed ya!
:
jvwebinar Looks like some cool folks online tonight!
Please follow my girl she shows mad love
hey lovely.
I leave Thursday morning :
I think is going to be talking with you
Thank you!
Really appreciate your feedback!
I'm outta here lol
finally can catch my breath.
Yes, I do sing professorssionally.
How cool to play the doctorms!
I'm trying to learn piano and guitar.
!Don't cover up the beauty!
As of this very moment, we have 210 people registered for BarCamp Rochester.
This event is shaping up to be the biggest we've ever had.
Outside with my besties about to play this game idk wat game but it sounds fun so imma ply it
Love your blog and your bracelets!
Tereck was honest  upfront about his salary and asked person to do more research on other points
I think we have an opportunity to create and expose youth to new realities.
Thank you for sharing!
Red velvetcheescakepure amazingness
doctorft budget: Revenues to increase from 713k this year to 2.339 million in 201617
Im arguing with an idiot about the Trayvon Martin case on Fbook.
I dont know why.
I'm about to quit.
So many pretty colours though!
Singerturnedhorrormoviedirector Rob Zombie started out as a production assistant on 'PeeWees Playhouse.'
Busy week of recruiting in Florida at AAU National tournament then back to KY in prep for 2011 preseason.
Canada, Cats and Vegas  HCAC
Hey I'm making your favorite soup.
Loving the warm bananawhite chocolate bread pudding at Audoctory Clare in Philadelphia.
My friends are some cunts so I'm done.
Amen.
Dude should be satisfied to call it a miss  walk away.
Multiple unrequited reaches proved his unworthiness anyway.
For what it's worth, Sox killed it today.
Well done
Rooting for our very own CHRIS THOMAS on AmericasBestDanceCrew one talent crew!!!!!
2 wks ago my plan b was 2 move 2 sedona, az and give pink jeep tours w/ent  exit narratives
Hey anybutobama whoever you are, if you win in Nov, i've got a
RT : RT : Wow what a call!
Campaign???
I did not know I was running?
Thanx Constant Contact!!
for putting me in the race!!
LOL
Falcons beat saints and Jimmie Johnson wins at Dover, having a good day
Girrrrrrlllll!!!!!!!
RT : Why do we date people who are not even close to being on our levels??
Hope you have a good day :
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON DC July 1st  July 7th,2012!!!
Follow for details
i have yet to even get you ON a stage in DC.....
but i'll settle for the floor
conference looks fun!
Looking forward to seeing some great food  friends tonight at DE dinner
now in omaha...want to know what a librarian does here?
i'll try to enter every transaction.
lots of giving out of bathroom key!
Anyone have suggestions for good hotels in downtown Nashville?
Had an awesome time at ala10, seeing all my mls buddies and meeting new librarians!
I want to thank everyone for supporting us tonight.
I am working on a frequent buyer card for our loyal customers.
Hit that slut with that beignet
Thank you RT : Just got my free download of She only wanted flowers.
You are very talented.what a great voice!
yessir.
Just cant fill out the lineup card.
I would go to the gym this weekend butt , Im going to Spokane .
:
Recently read Steve Jobs autobiography by Walter Isaacson, went for the IPad instead.
chillin like matt dillan...playing my tennis..yeah yeaheeeeeeeee
Oh..okay: lol
I left my ring at home, not a good way to start off my day.
Gr8 to hear!
: RT : all good
crabs r gr8!
RT : Aww...wish I could get it at Tower Oaks this weekend.Oh well.Softshells are in my very near future then!
:
Our offices are near Pizza Hut and Papa John's.
And I keep smelling a pizza with black olives and green peppers!
Help, I'm getting hungry!
Super PAC spending
Which means you MUST find a date to join you ; : LIKE our Facebook page to get our BOGO COUPON!!
Yippe!
Deals!
Wish I could sleep in tomorrow
can't get pregnant if u do it in the water
got our apt.
We're official.
Welcoming all guests named Veronica.
Thanks.
Gonna try it for breakfast.
Aced that Civil War test today.
All because of you obviously..
Dear Candidates what would you do to support integration of the immigrant population.
Perry, focus on the family support, through schools..
is giving a solid talk on balanced design.
heyy i am mad bord and we have school tomarrow dont really feel like going but it is my bfs bday
I think I'm addicted to facebook....
Go Cards!
But next time can we sing the right song in the 7th inning stretch please?
Trying to Twitter from my phone.
Allergies are at full force and Im sneezing like I ve got the Turrets :o
oo shush i have a tutor
I want to humbly thank all of u who listen to my show at night.
You are the reason it was ranked 1 again.
THANK YOU!
U are the best
My beetle was totaled, and we just inconveniently sold the truck...
So, I'm carless at the moment 
We love our Twitter followers :
im in your neck of the woods!
Always glad to help, Phil!
Hope you're having a good weekend.
I have a feeling that leaving the second time will be harder than leaving the first time...
Let's go Clippers!
One Direction is going to be on SNL tomorrow?
Sweet!
Hey , please follow  DM.
We'd like to discuss a project that we'd like to include on!
Thanks!
You make a very good argument.
erl12 reformatted department handles CD, ER, resource sharing delivery  circ services at OSU
Craving a goshen store sandwich
Josh McRoberts is a dirty worthless player to this Lakers team
Have fun!
Raw no Divas match I'm disapointed
Let's go Sixers
I don't see what the big deal is.
Academics?
As an SU basketball player, the odds were against him graduating to begin with.
using your tip to kill it in foursquare this morning.
MallsRule haha
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
haha!
Wow Kyla's got a mean side!
Then lets all get off our butts and make sure he wins.
I don't give up!
Just got to Art Bar for the after party and I've got lots of free doctornks to give away!
good for you qiara.
that doesn't sound crazy at all.
It sounds like a perfect environment to foster relationships!
Dunkin Donuts in the morning on school days :
they need to make a reality show and put 20 beliebers in one house with only one computer to interact with justin THAT WOULD BE FUNNY OK
Wen you walk into the main office  fox 5 with their camera crew walks in.
Rum Diary!
My favorite movie of last year.
But I'm biased bc I worship HST.
the problem is that the tweets u post are incoherent nonsense, thought F.N.
Lights was great, but I cringe every time u tweet
My pop got hot fast
Are you following 's great tweets about the LostColony?
Fascinating!
Thank you TNT for putting a regular speaking Black Man in a bow tie with a professorssional job on TV!
Leverage is a funny show!
My new fav!
you won't do it!
some target mgr told me there was a limit of 4 coupons for same items.
That's NOT in their online policy, is it?
Making up their own rules
that's what they're hopping
doctorke has the worst swag ever!
I am dead like Mark Priors arm chicagosportsanalogy
LOL.
So true!
: RT : In other words, the sales staff knows that I am a big spender or a cheapskate
I'd be even more excited to see Durant and west brook out for 2 weeks
If it is to be, it is up to me
np Somewhere Only We Know / Pip.
Looking for someone to do your next music video?
You can contact us at
Sure I can teach you.
check me out at www.ronjacksonmusic.com
omg still going on..
STFU!!!
RT : Age does not determine maturity.
I have udders, will you milk me?
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy steveo
Finished a daylong series of meeting on a potential data dashboard.
I just had to watch it again....
Ewwwww!
We may need group therapy.
Just made lasagna s with fresh pasta:
And of course nothing I do is good enough.
Work all day, school all night.
I don't even sleep anymore.
And you're still not satisfied.
Skype to release video and voice calling app for PlayStation Vita mobile gaming device
there's nothing surgery can do when I break your little heart in two,
Good 12 hours of sleep, but I'm still groggy.
I need to take a brisk shower to wake up for today's events.
Oh, and medicate : Spine HURTS.
Of course there are always exceptions and poor decisions by medical staff.
A life or future should never be risked for sport
let us know if we can help
if you come to UK there will be no sitting on the bench.
You be in the starting 5.
Guaranteed!!
Now bring home 9!
Take THAT North Carolina!
No, the other one.
Received word this morning that ICA was awarded 20K for capacity building from Thank you!
thanks for your awesome customer service!
quick turnaround and exactly the response i was hoping for.
Just say no to negativity and impatience!
End negativity, NOW!!
Girls that tan ;
Did you know the Childoctorn's Library offers Finger Fun for Babies twice a week?
Join them on Wednesday's  10:30a and Thursday's at 4pm!
Sunday's are not for work
Absolutely wonderful homegoing.
wanna come?
; lol
Bitch idgaf about your relationship you've had like a bunch of fukin Facebook relationships soo uh stop tellin me cuz i dont care!
big thanks to , , , and doctor carl ellis for speaking yesterday at unplugged baltimore...
i'm still full!
Annoying the french anagama are bacterial lasers remaining ...
Thank you!
I am looking forward to perusing this!
word?
Where at?
I had a NIGHTMARE that I couldn't attend for senior year.
I woke up and realized I should probably sign up for the reunion.
what it do playboy??
Love the Premister joint!!
Wanna know if we can collab again on some new heat?
Sitting here in Houston TX enjoying a real Diet Coke, that CocaLight they serve in Columbia is too sweet!
I kinda miss talking to he has disappeared from my text messages, voxer, and timeline for a little while lol
Getting ready to watch
Taking risk ...
I LOVE the UK and the people there.
I cant wait until I'm seeing fans from there in my mentions and in person 3 I think I could live there
The beginning of an acquaintance whether with persons or things is to get a definite outline of our ignorance.
I often wonder how one person can love something so much...
and another not at all
I'm glad u didn't hash tag that
well if jas doesn't want to that's fine but I'm supposed to go to ball state Saturday to a party, so Friday for sure but
hi bethany, sorry for the delay complimentary scarf sent today.
Business is off to great start i've been swamped.
she's got broken things where her heart should be.
I'm tweeting while doctorving.
I'm soo cool :
Which is more annoying, apps as short for applications or for appetizers?
Hokies are destroying Virginia!
ACC Championship game!
Here we come!
Absolutely overwhelmed that you can watch virtually all of the performances at Coachella.
in full.
haha i didn't think so....gotta stop leaving your computer open matthew danielle the mom
Dodge VAE49M rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in NJ run STOP signs?
Second arse today!
Dude has an inconsistent curveball, so you advance him?
What?

when I sleep so well, my hair and makeup look good enough not to do anything to them in the morning.
2nd worst sleeping experience of my life, 1st being box city.
Oh misterS!
First day at Midwest Band and Orchestra convention!
Broken heart again???
Another lesson learned.
Better know your friends.
Or you will get burned!!!
GIVE GRATITUDE BECAUSE YOUR ATTITUDE DETERMINES YOUR LATITUDE
Stop sing dude
You know they will shoot it better against us.
The awkward moment when ur obsesses or really love or true fans of One Direction BUT u don't know nothing about them
Confirmed: doctor Winslow Sargeant, Chief Counsel for , will speak at Seattle.
VERY cool.
ugh.
Wish photoshop's type tools were built a little better.
Gaming is 100 billion market  obviously presenting huge opportunity for social sector...
But how to do it effectively?
This afternoon's Studio Session with Good Old War has been cancelled due to illness.
One girl.
One time.
One chance.
One night.
Told her how i feel.
Next second she was mine.
;
The best ideas are the honest ones, born out of personal experience that originated to help a few, but that end up helping many.
ideal, yes!
RT : providers, caregivers and patients to jointly make diseasespecific FAQ lists
The only thing anyone should be calling Joel Ward is...CLUTCH!!!
September 4, 1993  Jim Abbott pitches a 40 nohitter over the Cleveland Indians at Yankee Stadium.
Regarding marriage: I don't care if the couple is gay or straight...
all I want is an open bar and some hot bride's maids.
Yahoo!
Thanks so much for the updates.
Uh oh, site was down for 20 minutes.
By my estimation, the host should owe me about 0.0005 in ad revenue.
Editing ...
I LOVE you so...
You come at the king, you best not miss.
Omar Little
i don't believe plants are doctorgs :
Can't watch the notebook today.
It'll just make me cry and make me want him even more :.
You're currently  Twitter Follower Odyssey 2001 :
Good morning everyone, have a lovely Saturday!
FDA approves Afinitor for noncancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
And a happy Tuesday to you.
thanks Jess.
It's an honor!
my kind of record
: FF fetish   Thank you for the RT love, here in Miami representing!!!
Ha.
Xoxo
I worked at Shock Trauma last year n' produced training video for troops; simulation in Ft.
Detrick very lifelike
ARTSDAYLA Deputy Briefing!
Great way to start the day.
THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE CRADLE
I like your style, sir  Thanks for sharing the calendar!
hi everyone.
I'm new to twiiter, but familar with everyone movie star and musician.
Follow me on twiiter Much love to the ladies!
M...Campbells tomato bisque is the best.
Finally joined the world of twiitter ...
woot woot, my first tweet; working hard to make sure moves forward.
just landed a role in an independant film!!!
Congratulations!!!!
It's just so overwhelming!
To oppose the nafs is the essence of all worship and the pinnacle of all strife.
Sh.
'Ali alHujwiri
Needed last night.
Do not need how I feel this morning.
same shit bored as hell but my eyes are getting sleepy lol
Ahahah of I will I'll takes pictures for u
His fingers are nastttttay.
MOOGing it up this morning.
I hate when Beiber fans say we're 'haters'.
By Haters do you mean An Older Generation That Remembers What Good Music Sounds Like..?
Girl: My boyfriend doesn't text me anymore!
Me: Please, I still have to buy tickets just to see my boyfriend.
Glad you're going back bud!
I just recovered from the cold/flu.
Really bad one this year!
Learn motor cycle racing yet?
Lunch just made my day, s/o to HGHS for being such instigators 
And the award for the newest heartthrob of country music officially goes to !
She is absolutely stunning!
; 
damn cold and lonely!
:
RT : Happy 110th birthday to Frank Zamboni, who left us in 1988 but still resurfaces periodically.
Had a good time with the homies last night..
shoutouts to MalBoi RocDiddie  BryanDaBarberLopez!!
it ain't nuin but some money
Also Philosopher Bernard Stielger speaks on Education as the Development of Attentional Forms Friday 3 PM ATEC conf room via
is heading to SXSW.!
Look us up if you're planning to be there.
We'd love to meet.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!
Join us from 46pm on the plaza in front of Ellicott City Station.
Choo Choo Blue will be handing out treats!
That's funny.
Dont miss the chance to grab 99 ALLINCLUSIVE tickets to , only a handful remain w/ promo code: BigNightRocks.
I realize it's a chain, but the Chili's in Wakefield, MA is consistently really good.
My nap 
Anyone commuting back  forth between CLE and CBUS for both days of thatcamp?
If so, DM us.
We might have an errand for you.
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHE IS CLOSE TO 1K!!!!
Sorry don't u know what is AVLL?
i just saw this on Trends and if u know can u say what's it
Howd you finish in that tournament?
It seems that we all agree that the first step to change is educating and empowering your staff.
That bleeds to your customers
getting a turkey dinner for
the hard thing is getting others to realize.
Glad I'm not alone.
Ignorance can work in your favor
they are commonly called blinckers because they blink To signal a movement to other doctorvers.
Congratas ;you just become our 1300th follower!
Please email re: your tickets!
I watched the second showing of MadMen last night, so I missed much of the conversation, but this episode infuriated me.
Anyone else?
Mixing and mingling at the community mixer this afternoon with our new City Councilman due to the redistricting.
Change is good!
Thank you for the RT!
Hope you enjoyed the article :
You're welcome!
We are new to the Twitter space, but you looked like an awesome follow.
i fuckin hate my ex!!!
:/ ughh grow the fuck up...
goodnight love : 3
hi friend how are you all
I'm about to kill someone.
Just no.
: If Ben Roethlisberger plays the 2nd half, it'll be the most amazing thing that's happened since he avoided jail time....
And yet, I STILL want to put my hand out, just to see for myself...
Watching Friday After Next lol Too funny still
getit also, we're due for a visit soon.
Your city or mine?
Dang it.
Had to spend 99 cents in because they got a special edition BOO.
I never make inapp purchases.
OKC feeling the flames!!!

Amazing voice!You raise me up
Any gardeners out there?
Whats the best, environmentally safe, way to get rid of aphids?
Trying to reclaim my late dads rose garden.
DID YOU WATCH IT YET
Lots of fun this week but we are ending it sick  boo :
It's snowing in Omaha!
Maybe we'll see a flake or two in DSM!
Hooray winter!
Eric Cooper scored 20 points and Cameron Osorno 17.
Freshman Tyler Dorsey scored 28 points
Open sesame.
Booze train pulling into Polskaville 9am.
im pretty sure ive never made a gif naked sweetie.
so u u dnt represent myne ?
Watching the KU vs UK game and I must admit I do kinda miss the college basketball atmosphere.
Damn Lockout.
Dude, Aidan called BOTH of those saves...
he knows America better than I do lol
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.
The rest cheat in Europe.
u'll always lose from me grins
RT : HEY GIRL...
hows it growing in Chicago gardenland?
busy busy!
And awesome!
insane pace in 1st period.
Will it continue in 2 and 3?
: After one we are still scoreless!
Caps and NYR StanleyCup
Thanks for the RTs!
If you're near Alverno today, stop by, get some treats and say hi!
Wow!!
That was amazing!!
thanks for attending!
We hope you get some use out of them.
yes, it's a tough balance because traditionally an artist is paid for every play.
But the times they are a changing.
WE BACK!!!
LIKE WE LIVE IN THIS BTCH!!
STARBOY STUDIOS THE BEST IN STUDIO RECORDING BOOK NOW!!6273216
We really love being on Hawthorne.
Great people down here.
Nickelodeon VS.
Disney Channel ...AAAHHHHH!!!
I couldnt choose one over the other :
you should be ashamed of yourself.
1 in 20 of the world's 285M visually impaired got that way as a result diabetic retinopathy?
Glad to help
We don't know her, but we can attest to the fact that she takes a GREAT picture.
thanks you for your kind words, we appreciate it.
We do open for lunch on Fri, Sat and Sun.
i know i know and i'm not wearing a seatbeLt so if the car stops fast i can die im scared D;
Gearing up for the nuggets mavericks game tonight.
late start tonight folks check the time
just be sure to use your powers for good :
DO IT PLEASE
YAY!!!
my Sis is on the phone.
back in min.
Have to wish her a happy moms day....I am an Aunt afer all.
:D
Yes, I devoured a dictionary for dinner today.
It was splendid.
Is escalating its expos of pburg police?
Police refuse to comment or call back so 8news puts email addoctorsses on TV?
lmao come out here this weekend fam
Made a paper airplane out of a funeral announcement.
im currently cringing at my computer..
lol how many people have to say something to make it trend????
Doug Melvin just made an appearance at the game.
Absolutely!
Any time :
awesome!
Didn't want to ruin the surprise.
;
Dnt be actn shy up in dis room like I make you nervous
Yep, thats my bf for ya RT Run fast, so you don't get beat by a girl
The number one babe on TV!
Do you really think we can get this guy off the air?
Would be huge blow to the rw noise machine.
this guy has the biggest fanny pack I have ever seen.
I love you !
If you not follow me , i wanna die!!
thanks for an AMAZING dinner !
We will definitely be back!
How can we not only improve education, but also hack the way we learn?
I'd be happy to feature them!
Sean Putman, thanks for the great chat!
could be 4 and 6:30, but not positive.
Will get you definite answer.
Trust in yourself, and the rest will come together
yikes  frost!
ExcusesTodoctornk  'bout dern time this was a trend on twitter.
My answer: just cuz!
The genealogical method gets a bit unwieldy when your research effectively covers multiple field sites across large distances.
You see right through me, RT Tease...
thanks for the great shout out!
great tutorial!
Visiting the Arsenal Tech High School Collision Repair classes today!
maybe should add some G integration stat
The trolls are out in force today.
its unfortunate but slow golf is ruining the game at all levels.
or maybe i am just jealous bc i still dont have a hole in one
you and me both!
:
TONIGHT AT LOTUS NIGHTCLUB  5 UCallIt ALL NIGHT to celebrate Brian's FIVE YEAR ANNIVERSARY as the owner of Lotus Nightclub!!!
I be im ma own lane..
and only be wit one crew!
But as the song says Day by Day...Day by Day
is wondering what would I tell my younger self?
I've experienced it myself  sometimes by men, but as often by women.
There are a lot of callous and ugly people in the world.
You have a great product, but how about markdown preview like byword does?
down!
What day?
Adore this : When something happens to disrupt my peaceful, easy flow, I bless it with love affirmation
Dear whoever is reading this, I hope you know that you're never alone, and that somebody out there loves you more than you will ever know.
I favor bringing back quartering of these interpreters!
thank you so much!
how long till the same as wisconsin happens here in San Diego due to mismanagement of city?
She sounded OK.
Didn't really dig the doctorss  had a bad prom doctorss vibe.
thank you boo!
I'm such a nervous wreck.
But I'm going to do my best!
you don't piss me off.
bahaha.
MERP does.
Thank you.
Read your article on the 700 Hyperdunks.
Sick shoes.
lmao .
entertainment of the Night !
ahahaha
.DiabAdvAlliance said: HBO documentary on obesity was excellent last night.
the last time you shared something like this it was spam.
Hey my fav place!!
is in ACY also!!
that akward moment when u here whip ur hair by willow smith comes on and bald people are in the room
Oh, dear God, shut it!
I woke up cold alone and at 4am.
The world will crush you, young man.
Finally saw FriendsWithKids!
was wonderful!
Exactly the kind of film I'll make someday.
Thx for seeing it w/ me !
RIP Junior Seau
Roy williams front row for boo williams vs team united.
Troy Will is a wanted man.
Coach capel front row for jabari parker
if they do release they'll be pretty hard to get...
Ron Paul showing his foreign policy deficiency and dangerous thinking!
All you need is one nuclear weapon.
Join me Thursday night  Tongue and Groove for my Birthday Celebration hosted by Armada FM!!
Will be a great night, contact me for more info
Are you participating in Race For the Cure tomorrow?
Equity futures are moving higher Friday ahead of key trade balance and consumer sentiment data.
And interest rates are moving higher too.
WOW!
Happy Mother's Day.
Can't forget about the single fathers out there.
C'est vrai!
No one stares like a tuxedo.
I think ima have to unds something today..
Time for some gorgeous, uplifting spirituals in honor of Black History Month!
We bring it to you tonight, Chicago.
Fresh notebook paper is both exciting and frustratingwish I had a vintage typewriter, though...
Thanks for the RT and for the article opp!
I'll kill you if I find out you watchin some other movies bitch , press my buttons baby , press my fuckin buttons baby  Tyler the creator
The sky is pretty mad
yeah for sure.
Ben's got a great sense for movement within and outside the frame.
Wow.
Watching Rat colonoscopy at TEDMED.
Uses of doctorgs we already have.
Epilepsy doctorg used for inflammatory bowel data Revolution.
Slowrunning Dunn in LF?
I don't understand baseball.
Realize he hits better than Dayan,  we gotta have 14 on 1B, but still.
The art of love...
is largely the art of persistence.
congratulations just heard you and baby Dunn are home and well :
dude, you gotta respect Slow Hand.
Yardbirds, Cream, The John Lennon Dirty Mac band etc...
NOW, cause of Rubin, can I get a BOOM ?
what is happening my friends?
How is the LSJ coming along?
RT : Emery on Hardin: He's hard to miss.
RT : So glad my won tonight.
As said, Great teams find a way to win ugly games!!
Hossa may be dead.
If a conference doesn't feature humor, don't go.
Indeed.
Parents!
LifeLong learning / teaching / mentorship.
Endorsement process for us sen under way at
We are a nation of laws and precedence but we are also a nation of human rights and equality.
Inalienable rights.
Right?
Let's just talk by phone?
The syllabus is in serious flux as I'm tweaking it on the fly.
They know them some vidgames, though.
just saw your video next 2 you and So amazing!!!!
Thanks : I'm ready, just nervous.
people who say yolo  hyfr, and are serious...
stfu.
Free header, not good...
Work work work can't wait til our vacation !
You and Toney take it easy on my Heat tomorrow!!
I'm from New York.
Hbu?
cool.
I've been a janet fan since I was 3yo  a MJ fan since I was 10yo.
I'm 18 now.
how old r u?
Solid choice.
My new red hair looks even more amazing with green eye makeup.
Being a girl is totes bomb.
My work is to invent, to imagine solutions to big problems Jay Walker
I'm officially on vacation!
This time tomorrow well be headed for 7 mile beach in Negril!
RT If people winked in real life as much as they do in text messages this world would be a pretty creepy place.
51 articles in my Literature Matrix for my independent study with at least another 18 to go by Wed.
yo Jude, I'm downtown LA tomorrow, don't know what time you are working etc??
Michelle!
She is adorable!
Soda day is so special : Love it.
NP: Gram Parson, Grievous Angel
I am such a sucker for this show, Undercover Boss.
I hardly ever watch TV while at work but I can't look away from this!
Demi Lovato does not have a tumblr.
She's barely on twitter anymore.
What gives people the idea that she has the time to have a blog?
He said innards...
Who says that??!
Lol
FEMA won't help Oregon residents with damaged homes from winter storms
RT : Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities.
Thomas Jefferson
my first gig was at an idealab in 98.
Happy to hear the culture continues to thrive.
: Everyone Here Misses !!
I'm gonna start crying.
I just know it.
Goddamnitsonofabitch.
SINCITY Dubai Friday Ladies free all night
DONT FORGET...HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U!!!!!
Go professorssional Or Go Home!!!!
MusicalStop.com
Follow my colleagues Tweets from the :  Loving your photos!!!
: screw this year already..
im single now but really really hurt.
Watching boy meets world
Success is dependent on effort.
Sophocles
HELLO !
Creative should be Onward Search's middle name.
Talk soon!
Does anyone know what is removed from butter to make it clarified?
: San Diego today.
Can't wait to do the radio show tonight.
Let's ROCK!!
X
Now im fina be up bored.
you comin over.?
I started singing boyfriend in math class then my 68 year old teacher started singing it too!
:D
can this week just be over?
Featured glee clubs today: The CAPA Concert Choir and Mt.
Lebanon.
Any singers out there following us?
We're glad to have you!
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely.
Anonymous
Delightful breakfast with the maestro of wit, this morning.
:P it's sad to see a good friend ruin their life by making bad decision like chooseing the wrong guys and other stuff : i miss my bestie
I like a lot of those, but Out of Sheer Rage easily the most.
DHL not really a prereq.
Hi  thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too.
Awesome website,  I love that you support live music!
Fully agree w you.
Good to see tonight
hard to disagree.
At least she should park in the employeeOfTheMonth space
you and Cory look cute as a couple of buttons in your prom photos!
DONTTEXTANDdoctorVE This Morning My Brothers Girlfriends Friend Died :/ from texting and doctorving she wasnt wearing a seat belt.
purple rain is either the sweetest or most ridiculous movie we have ever seen
Doesn't feel like a Friday with all this work I gotta do
Misery becomes me, as she sips her shades of black from a glass.
While fingering ash, her eyes are mine at last.
I will become her,  I do.
could it be that it was a nonbinding primary?
Maybe they felt it would be a waste of time.
some people actually work hard n school.
Pay their own way, study, learn some shit, grow personally.
They should celebrate.
Shittt i been puting may 3rd on all my papers today lmfao i never know what date it is
great point.
Full disclosure, I had to google Blake shelton.
wouldn't want to fall behind Iran, now, would we?
Everyone's w/ their boyfriends, wtf does that leave me?
Lol
my country is the world...and my religion is to do good.
Thomas Paine
i just saw Katy Perry's: E.T on vh1 jumpstart....wow congradulatons :D 3
alot of people heard of me but how many really seen dude
how you gonna fix...
Thank you very much!
PK
Here We Go : Trina
oh keepstream looks good!

I hate when my parents dont answer their phones but when I dont its WW3 with amber alerts  milk cartons
that's really good I'm just saying its sad Morgan didn't know is all
Every time!!!!!
Ugh stupid train
That red berry ciroc is always in my favor.
I love it.
Either that or Domo as Young Gunshot.
Teach shareholders that it's ok to connect to ppl you meet at events.
Also make sure their professorles are mostly filled out.
hey Flora said call her
but we're still Super Bowl Champs!!
I just want to clarify that I DID NOT do this psa with Bristol Palina And the Situation.
They asked us to work on it, but I declined....
Tampico nasty as fuck!
It's straight up sugar  water.
heck yeah!!!!
You didn't know?!
It will be released tomorrow at noon I believe with the music video!
: Gahhh, so excited !
:
: thanks Welcome
I like almost all the girls, but i'm voting for Skylar, Shannon, and Jen.
Members Card Nationals ML 120
RT : You need to have one metric that your entire team is focused on.
Clarifies the team and helps you focus.
Okay: power, wifi, and seven feet of legroom.
Once I've got a cup of coffee, my inflight productivity ensemble will be complete.
well I may have to start watching it.
Is it in netflixs?
My nickname in high school was ZiL.
And Zeus is really Suse backwards.
Maybe we are long lost cousins?
kobe should have doctorfed him for the squad
it won't be a stunner when artest hits rock bottom.
He doesn't have the pedigree
My new icon is credits to :
I'm across the pond and not in London but can imagine how one can't look at the day Capello resigned and our form and doctorw conc.
My mom and her boy friendAnnoying a'f
CDPII has helped to establish 16 cooperatives in Paraguay.
Really like how MillerCoors in Miller64 rebranding message integrated stories of the balanced lifestyle of the everyday man/woman.
Relatively painless I hope.
because pancakes and music are way better than studying.
I am also procrastinating, nice to know im not alone...
haha
the good ones always get snatched up ;
Having trouble picking a side on contract issue between and Sounds like 2 greedy companies fighting over a  to me.
Phil Homotowski Bday party at Pub tonight 5 TALL smirnoff doctornks 2 Miller btls, 3 Powers  3.50 cherry bombs till X.
GO IRISH FEST!
There are two kinds of failures: Those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Disturbing news re: diabetes.
When was the last time you had your lipids checked?
Day 3 of moving.
Can't wait for my place to finally be put together.
I made some oatmeal and realized I didn't know where a spoon was.
:/
Happy Weekend!
Salute
Why am I reading every status like it's a doctor Seuss poem today?
Why am I doing this, Why  I must say...
whoops that would be las canciones
Get a kiss from Outwrite tonight.
Dbl Punch doctornk: Strawberry Kissed Mocha.
Remember, almost everything is 50 OFF tonight.
open 4U til 11!
totally crushing on him...
:p
Sad to see the news about Hillman Curtis.
While I hadn't followed him much lately, he was a big inspiration in my early design years.
RIP.

My count: 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze for SD County Brewers, Can you confirm?
Thank you for coming in tonight for restaurant week!
Sorry about the rain!!
We are having a great week here, taking the techs to a 3 hour class tonight.
Invest in your employees and your business and watch it grow
Good luck to playing wsopc Ring Event 6 today!
I love Betty episodes.
Off to the new house to paint and all of the other stuff.
For both faculty and students as we move into the new model.
honor the fear and do it anyway.
Challenging but great statement.
frowns I'm sorry, baby.
I'm very good, thank you.
About to head into the office.
When I cry I feel like I'm showing I'm weak..
whiskey or vodka?
I'm slowly but surely increasing my collection.
Big game coming up Friday in Durham.
No Sah da pain yah a deal wid me a way a good massage is really needed
RT : there's enough data in the world to say anything you want.
have to find the interpretation that makes sense  Amanda Cox
We need a picture of this puppy!
not my fault !
They were quite tasty too.
TIE Fighters and XWing not pictured.
Thanks for the retweet!!
Ok so what do I do in Houston?
: ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do.
You are on a late night tweeting tear.
Hello!
What was that website you were talking about?
The beauty one...
ScumbagForPresident cause he's the hood Tony Stark.
Grt seeing everyone!
RT : Thrilled to share NBCCSummit w/
: keep working !
Heading to my third round of useless Botox.
:
she just bought the house!!!
wonder why she is selling it already....
One undergrad was so happy she didn't have to 'surf the web all day' to get the information she needed.
It was all in a single reference!
nope.
all you, david.
you're the one complaining.
realtalk I have the up most respect 4 in the world thank u for opening my eyes up to what's happenin in the world today I3U!
Back in business and isn't it grand.
Let the good times roll.
Hard to believe it has been 10 years.
The boyz did a lot better on that song.....just saying.
Had the best corndog in Disneyland this week.
Is it weird I can't stop thinking about it?
Oh!!
Thank you so much!
I know you are going to enjoy it.
Just remember, Jasmine is not crazy.
She's in love.
what up fam!?
U learning the twitter deal...
It took me like 2 months when I started Twitter!
Haha what's good....
If you were a sauce....
you'd be
Toughie?
Maybe.
But nothing you can't handle, Stephen.
We're sending positive brain wave goodness your way.
Today is my last day of school!!!
Im going to my 5th grade graduation today!!!
I guess so
naw I'm not
Guys, I really try to not cuss, cause' its bad, and austin doesn't..
but, its hard!
OH: If someone doesn't shoot a crossbow into Eli Manning's neck I'm going to be very disappointed.
Good Morning everyone!
Hope you enjoyed your weekend and the superbowl!
Yep...
my moms singing I'm so proud of you lol
I haven't napped at all this week!
That's a huge accomplishment.
Rewarding myself with a nap.
huge baby!!!
didn't know this was even on the table  hopefully dean will send y'all something soon.
you support his idea?
wtf how did the fresh prince of belair pop up on my pandora?
this is Wiz Khalifa radio...
Rick Rubin as reducer, not producer ?uestlove
This sounds right up my alley!
Where can I get details for this?
on a RANDOM note....i love,love the name ELiza: jus saying...
Please  how can one be a receptionist/paralegal?
Completely different mind focus.
Jake just got the nastiest apple!!!!
microphones, but no webcams.
Should be able to get some though.
How many and when and what for?
Tara Donovan is installing today!
Off to sneak a peek.
Just another day at work...
John Ritter...the man, the legend
MT : 1st woman 2 win IA straw poll.
Regardless of her politics, she's breaking barriers for women.
You are who you are when no one is looking.
The Browns signed some guy named Frostee today.
Can I get a cheeseburger and fries to go with that?
Just posted tips on using social networking to promote your blog.
Let me know if you have others.
kubrickspick.org
my mam said to me today are you indie?
lolololol
is celebrating with at the annual allschoolreception, great night
So just got off the game and I think I did good today mykdisgettingbetter yes
Heading to CT to get my dumb license renewed
Love my sis !
Or parents expecting a postnatal existential crisis?!
Maybe these learning machines know something we don't...
I didn't care until this fool wouldn't shut his mouth.
I'm glad that dick is taking the national beating he deserves.
Just saw the new Shrek.
Am I the only one who doesn't care for 3D?
well ya, He has pneumonia so he can't go to Afghanistan on friday!
But he has to go in September!
maybe they changed Hershy's has changed.
E was so upset and I felt bad for him.
I told him I would get SAFE chocolate to use : 
RT : I've noticed the lack of twitter buzz for NMSA2011.
This is the first time ..me too.
I was wondering the same?
I pride myself on my geekdom, however the table at the Tea Smith reading Harry Potter in Latin is taking it to a whole new level.

would it hurt to make the English paper more memorable to write?
Thanks for RTs and mentions
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and doctorma
Malmont, The Astounding, the Amazing,  the Unknown.
Golden Age SF writers in WWII, loosely historical.
Great idea; deserves a better novel
JPMORGAN looted JaimeDimon is stupid because Banks' money is in pockets of RogueFEDS get in ur company on falsepretense and rob
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
my attempts to get Alex to follow me are failing.../3
Recently learned my remote IT coworker is bald.
This means 3 out of 4 of my last IT coworkers were bald.
Coincidence?
Or industry trend?
Ha
love love love this!!
Xx
mcdonnell Obama's Hope  Change to Divisiveness  Malaise
hey Jada!
Its me, Becca, from mjrr744 on YouTube.
Just to let u know, I followed u!
B
Instead of Windex.
Take a mayo jar.
Clean it out.
Fill it with vanilla pudding.
Go to the park.
Pull it out of your backpack and eat it.
The blackberry storm may be better than the Iphone4S.
Can't get Internet access on your fake 4G network.
It was a tragic death; she bounced too hard and was catapulted into the ceiling.
LMFAO claims another victim.
Dam just realized you wrote this!
Hope sent you around to visit each!
ohh okay thank you
Another 50 degree day in Columbus, and it's friday!
Pretty good, moved around a lot...
glad to see you're still in music  I like Loud Enough!
...and then forgets it while he takes a big fat breath for the next line...
Health Care Reform was signed into law one year ago today.
Still waiting for the fire and brimstone?
So are we.
ugh mom, how many times do I have to explain?
your credit card: it's not a limit, it's a target...now gimme!
Happy New Year.
Make your doctorams come true in 2012.
It's up to you.
same to u
Cano's swing is the sweetest in the game.
When he gets in a roll, watch out.
People Taking Me as a joke !
kick some a!
tomorrow...
no I wasn't I was so tired n sleepy.
But I'll watch the recaps
It's 90 degrees outside.
That's too much for right now.
That needs to come back around early June when I don't have school or homework.
I use my computer QT : naw for the Xbox 360
I'm looking for an experienced Foreclosure Specialist to join our team.
Have experience?
Know someone?
Reach out to me directly!
Its a beautiful day .
www.vipbox.tv/watch/36201/1/thebritsredcarpetlivelivestreamonline.html
Wait, my job has it's own Gossip Girl...
Just got an email with some news signed you know you love me...
Corporate life ain't too bad.
loved APG's professorssional Management Conference today.
Great way to kick off FGS2010.
Still no tweeting allowed during sessions this year.
Lovely seeing my dear friends  our nontwitter friends for the shower!
they'll be no sunlight if i lose you baby 3

u know ya boi be riding dat wave owwwww
your iPhone skin fell of my phone .
IM SUPER GLUING IT NOW !
Yep I said SUPER GLUE !
Hope I don't get in trouble !
DO YOU THINK JAY Z WOULD DO A MIXTAPE AT THIS POINT IN HIS CAREER?
NU 10 DEEP 4 DA Gs  DA DIMES DONT GET UR SIGNALS CROSS THERES THEM THEN THERES US WE GOT U  WE KEEP AZ SEXXY haha Page Themes
I see the number 123 everywhere..
..
Which is the bus number my crush rides...
..
c:
Hey guys just so you know Rachel Korine does NOT have a twitter.
Shes on Springbreakers with me!
She's lovely!
Just letting y'all know!
Now More Than Ever, We Must Fight For A Future Worthy Of Our Past...
Excellent recipe!
I'm looking forward to trying it.
Ms.
doctorg World.
Trey ward
Seduction bread from is SO good.
It's like eating birdseed...in a good way.
There is no book that has the story of how and why the tassel was created.
To fix this, I need to write a book.
Whoa are you flying into Hutch?
Or Wichita?
That's gonna be one small plane and one bumpy ride.
if demi is fat and ugly, then i want to be fat and ugly just like her.
Either someone has a quirky sense of humor or they did a clueless search for titles including the word thanks.
Washing my hair later scared haha my hair wavys is banging :
I love how you tweet about the show while it's airing it makes it so much more funny
I'm glad somebody feel me big bro!
Man, that was exciting.
I grew up listening to souls of mischief.
They were all real nice dudes.
your welcome
Smart move!
Faulk Holt and Smith all work for NFL Network
's twitter game  lacking
Enjoy paintballing deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
80 of a successful CRM imp.
is the planning and understanding the goals and requirements.
You fail if you lack this knowledge.
yep I had one major flare then a smaller one yr later ER doc said ms maybe not my neuro or reg doc so had mister
it's closely related to the gov approach of: i like this new tool, let's use it to produce/distribute our old products
Doc Rivers on KG first 3 quarters: Nothing was wrong with him.
We didn't go to him.
LETS GO BREWERS!
oh and of course your music.
9lives is so great.
:
I wish I could remember the name of the tool, but they sell something that has a level with a push holepunch in the middle.
HowLongCanIKeepThisUpFriday?
A good while longer.
New icon 333 MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE.
Wah no one to text :/
Yes: I Am Happy For Demm' Just Means Now, Justin Bieber , AND Austin Mahone Are Not Singlllee :/ Haha.
Ugh I have to study for this stupid test week .
no I don't want to I'm to lazy ahh
you'll be happy to know I finally found a seat, just in time.
Not sure about my sweet husband...
thanks!
Psyched to see on the list for Best Innovation by a University/College!
cc:
Our current Spring break deal is 20 of at The Taco Shop.
Upcoming offers include 65 Off at UTan and 50 Off at Mad Dog.
I've been Moving too fast.
oh yeah you know it lol.....
but what did you eat today?
Getting ready for the webinar on how to build a perfect business listing.
State Sen.
Royce West discusses importance of health care access at reception honoring local legislators at Methodist Dallas Med Ctr....
LSU and ole who?
Liberal bias again.
Dad would not be proud.
no i dont but i think i know the person who does
I really go through spurts of cravin to watch the family man.
Idk why!!!!
My chart is actually plotting versions of IE ;
sorry I'm a real athlete and want to have practice everyday
You must trust what is unique or different about yourself, even if it is odd or unpopular.
man you one the best defensive players !!!
im a not a giants fan but i like watching ya !
Climate Change been going on 4 millions of years.
Antarctica was tropical  it started icing up Lib Dinos cried Global Cooling!
Having a great time with the hamilton people and everyone else in two rivers
I just thought i'd save my dad the trouble of being even more rude  just go away so he can watch the game.
Bye ft Myers.
See you this summer....
But now I'm finally headed back home!!!
I'm in the 2nd group and we start at 8:30.
Lack of male SLPs very interesting topic, especially since most caseloads are maleheavy.
Tweet a link to the blog post!
Good luck!
i believe you can win!
Not sure if Johnny V paid last year, but does Mario Gutierrez owe Calvin Borel rent since Calvin owns the KYDerby Winner's Circle?
: that 3rd down play was PI  why did the terps down that punt while it was still rolling?
Time to have fun at mad planet!
Seeing
Busy day: MDSW/lots of yarn bought, roast lamb dinner cooked, and 2 pans of blondies baked.
Now for wine.
I won't!
Thank you Chelcey!
:
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on war:
Nobody to go to the dance with tomorrow OO Like always.
In The Loop, one of the sharpest political satires in recent years, is now on Netflix Instant.
When you have a crisis, you acknowledge the problem.
You want to be Tylenol, not Toyota.
Suits
me too, this sucks!
Watching SNL while attempting to describe Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs in a persuasive paper is a difficult task, omg.
i smell food, im hungry.
but im not leaving this computer until says hes creeping!!!
:D ..and maybe reply..
;
Were you in Chapel Hill the morning after Bush beat Kerry?
I've never seen a place so sad.
Heat aren't winning SHIT this year  at least 5 teams as good or better right now with the playoffs around the corner...
I didn't win the big one but got my money back in small wins.
I call that a success.
Just witnessed terrible cus svc by gaterep.
He was down right mean to a woman and child.
Made her cry.
Other agnts on cellphones
Interesting  a bit sad...
but I agree about the education doctorining creativity.
How do we start creating again?
We would have the sexiest/tastiest kids!
Let's bang.
because he got some crazy ass fans that would kill anyone that hurts him
LOL RT : Jets got Tebow?!?!?
Oh how Page 6 must be salivating...
we may not win the SB, but our QB's are cuter than yours...
why are you not providing answers?
For Andoctorw Young's films on Civil Rights, their impact is that you can't tell young people about the movement you have to show them.
: I've decided to be living proof that God is a a Raiders fan!
Oh yeah!!!!!
Prove it to the world!!!!
Thanx: Liked your tweet about sex:
is here every Thursday teaching youth  adult classes in hip hop, breakdance and more!
Lol def did not mean to start both of those tweets with I just Ops!
Never talk defeat.
Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory.
Norman Vincent Peale
The World is Yours/fuck that mean when my flows outta space
It's a wonderful day to sing mister Rogers songs to your neighbor or you can come sing them to us down at Credo.
jl
Hey, thanks for the retweet ;
I don't understand why God takes the ones he does..
But it's for a reason, and all part of his plan.
RT Facebook is down.
What am I supposed to do now, read a book?
Life is so hard.

Is there an Irrelevant flower?
An Educated Hillbilly is a dangerous thang!!!
I miss
what do you gals have planned?
Buyer's remorse and excessive hunger are two feelings that I am experiencing for pretty much the first time.
I kno my baby got a lil cold now
RT : Cisco Cloud Video in Education  What the Research Says and How Educators Can Prepare for the Future: Schools,......
what's wrong my love?
haven't tried it myself.
but hear it gets LARGE props.
based on work by and used to load a billion triples
Con't  it all started with the scrubbed moon missions after Apollo 17.
Now we pay for that mistake.
We will watch everyone surpass us.
thanks for sharing Alex:
I know, When I become President campus held speeches will be open to the student body!
Joaquin got that eating rich foods in the Riveria fat.
Kilmer got that eating too much stuff crust pizza fat.
Just saw the preview for the next teen mom season and I hope that police call didnt say someone killed themselves
hope you had a good weekend.
thanks for always listening!
:
Some weird guy just unfollowed me because I wouldn't follow him back.
Sorry but I'm gonna help your rap career.
say what say what say what , girl you know whats up
Reputation for g's
Playoffs!!!
What a great season for the !
What?
Is that snow??
Never gonna heard the end of being followed by Rieckers.
I have doctorAMS of applying numbing cream to ur body then just throwing u against the wall.
So u wanna follow me back or....
Ha!
Still a great song, and the melody is super catchy.
That makes sense, the next time a unwanted tweet comes through I'll know what to do.
They are an unwelcome intrusion.
Thanks.
:
incredible!
wins James Beard Award.
It's been a while since his days of mixing coca cola and milk.
richly deserved by Tony and crew.
RT : Join us May 3rd for the borntoosoon global twitterchat relay from 94 EDT.
It is going to be full of amazing info and...
Watching boys try to play softball.
Haha and
where are you?
Still at airport?
you make it seem like this is something new for you
I guess I am using this again.
Apologies in advance for the slew of karaoke nonsense I will put forth.
to follow you you have to accept a request
Everyone please follow He is new to twitter and is one that made my R2D2 beanie from 's book.
100 FOLLOW BACK :
I'm good haha how are you
The increasing frequency of these attacks is kind of alarming.
That just sounds like a bunch of cooked books trickery to carry out Autism Spectrum discrimination
spring in the GR8 White North must b kinda boring?
No hockey and just the Blue jays baseball!
Lol
INDIANA GETS IT WRONG 13 Million verdict cut to 1.25 million for plaintiff!
Call your state rep about caps on damages....
So, the fact that he's a UK fan is why those things don't surprise you?
Good morning everyone
I'm so mad u didn't.
I retweeted just for u!
Don't forget to stop by the Mothers Day Plant Sale going on today and tomorrow!
This show is Bananas...
OTC...
I'm on the edge of my seat Kerry Get'em Girl I'm totally blow away.
hope you've been well
Congrats on the job interview, We're fans of Karmaloop.
If you need help finding an apartment in the city let us know!
You are the best!
RT : Thank you for all you do.
We love to help!
Indeed.But what u r rly covering is the use of portrayals of the future in political contests, not 'fact checking' the future
See you soon!
: YES!!!!
When are you typing these??
I'm sitting right here and you haven't touched your phone.
BET mess movies up with these weak voice overs.
Smh
Hey Cori, I remember you: You and your family are very sweet:
my doctor wanted to refer me to someone saying 'she's not very good but she's cheap.' uhh...
no thx.
NOLA we need a community defense fund started.Cause you know one of us is gonna smack the ever loving shit outta Goodell.
good morning heather, happy wednesday to you
damn no one reps the slo eh?
I love you for who you were, who you are  who you always will be.
are pointless
Josh Hamilton is a monster, 3 home runs tonight, the Rangers line up is dangerous top to bottom
I just moved to Batlimore from Virginia and you're crushing me, governor.
I just don't get it.
hunger games??
Haha
Sun is coming up over the farm...doesn't get much better than this!
Missouri is actually Native American for he who not knows how to doctorft
Pacers94 Heat75!!!!
Pacers in game 3!
Up 21 lead.
Dont celebrate to much though pacer fans we still got more games to play!!
GO PACERS :
These were great!
I really want to see now please!
filming again this weekend for my LOVELY DAY video.
Hope to get filming done so it can be edited and released next week some time.
the only people you need in your life are the ones who need you in theirs.
Ha, it's never raided my addoctorss book.
I find it quite useful!
Obama is giving 1.5 BILLION to Muslim Brotherhood, which has declared it wants to destroy Israel!!
RT The only time U must look down on another person, is when youre picking them up.
LOL!
I just thought it was odd
really needs to give the Aubtourage those songs from All About Aubrey
I'm just striping to get thru my online college classes.
follow back?
:
i agree add me to that list
I just pivoted to district in soma.
Meet me there.
Might as well look cute while sitting by the pool right?
My birthday present from 
same here....damn you, skinny girls ;
Here comes hydoctor.
Lying about how good he is at basketball.
Tattoo appointment available on fri afternoon...pop in the shop if interested
Yea us whoopin y'all ass as usual!
RT : we got yall game 1 of the season...
It's ass whoopin time already...
Lol

Do unto others 20 better than you would expect them to do unto you, to correct for subjective error.Linus Pauling
Loved my candle speech and had an amazing, fun, and awesome night!!
Thanks for inviting me :33
Hahahahaha love ya!
:
Chicano Resource Center.
Hey wish Judy a Happy Mothers Day for me.
Yeah, I'm late.
ha ha
my mom ALMOST signed me up for that lol ;D
maybe...
I think cyborgs tweet...
Their cows sing, u know
Happy Friday!
Spring Commencement and summer vacation is almost here.
: I don't dislike anybody, I just don't fuck with everybody
This time I gotta live without you.
That's just the way it has to be.
is that for all grades at howe
Paul Simon looks like a hobbit.
You probably thought that you'd break my heart
alright, let's make the posters!
Email us at for more information on rates, so we can help you create your girls weekend.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Yeah  : I want some seafood hope one of my sisters can get me some  oh really lol
I did it like this.
I did it like that.
I did it with a whiffle ball bat.
Mom at the bookstore: You cah buy a book if you find something worthy.
Then the girl ran around trying to find what her mom had in mind...
is gettin' ready for work, then the mall!
What are your plans for the great Milwaukee weather?
Looking forward to going to see WWE RAW next Monday with my friend Aaron.
fuck no you sound stupid af
Listening to Double Rainbow by on full blast in my room.
LIKE A BOSS.
Were goin to be put in random groups, and we don't know anybody
Hey superstar jumprope champ!
y is day
Its ur daily walk that keeps me pushing, ur strong
couldn't tell from the radio.
Could he have gotten back?
Yes you are so right
Re: terrorist professorling  America's second most deadly attack was by a blonde, blueeyed Army veteran from upstate New York.
Go get 'em!
Crap I have 3 more assignments to do Monday I'm doing them all
and you have no idea how thankful I am for that!
And everything you go through for us!
ENJOY : be safe!
but have an amazing day :  the great outofdoors : and good friends!
a great combination :
I think this is brilliant.
I love the message.
If your in the NY little Italy let me know!
Also I blog for
thanks so much for the wonderful comments you gave my track hot pursuit also listen to my new Album KINGDOM PEOPLE when it is released
.
My experience is that wikis are people sorters; you either like them or you don't.
Like licorice gum.

retweeted.
Thanks for caring about others!
Welcome Oregon Arts Summit attendees!
We hope you enjoy your event and your visit to the Oregon Convention Center!
Dont ever change for someone not worth changing for
Shopping around for broken iMacs.
Yep.
I want to go to the good guys car show in Nashville!
LP field.
ThingsIGetAlot....Your teeth are so WHITE : : :
It kept getting so much worse.
I was astounded by its arrogance and incredibly sloppy logic.
Sorry I have a copy but it's like a link now I have to figure out how to link it from my dvd to twitter hm
I wanna live in California so bad.
Murder for a jar of red rum.
palindoctorme learning
great mix
I need to sleep...
Im tired...
Someone hire quick!
csa12 Tayeb: Native studies focuses on root identities rather then relational id.
In Europe, whites claim native roots very aggressively.
and my doctoramsd finally become reality..huh that would be nice
it's about your POSITION, not ability!
Karate with the kids.
U r reading my in which I typed learn to write better faster just yest.
Weird.
And, thx!
:
it's a great tool even to just follow influential people or news sites
Wait...correction...we got third place
go follow :
TIMMY REED confesses his list of unappreciated whatever...
Titanic was still in the DVD player from last night.
I'm lazy.
You do the math.
It sucks that u became nd im sad to say it but Somebody That I Used To Know!!
Maybe they learned it from someone?
Possible!
:
Roscoes Chicken and Waffles got the job done.
I've been using an excessive amount of : in my emails today...
must be trying to beat the CaseoftheMondays on behalf of my recipients!
practice with the 22, and keep the 45 in your bedside table.
Lol!!
: Your packaging is pretty!
I added you to my favorites on Etsy 3
Sabres Lead Canadiens 10 in first Period, Goal: Thomas Vanek Assists: Derek Roy, Tyler Myers
Love it.
Great song!
We should get HateComingToSchoolOnMonday and see how big it gets!!
Give me levity or give me depth.
TUPAC HOLOGRAM IN THE HOUSE.
Make sure you do the GoldvilleJT one too.
That is where I have a lot of other prospectors and metal detecting clubs
Welcome back home, !
Stop by our Open Ambulance on Saturday from 12:30 to 4pm in front of Village C West!
Anyone I know playing the new Star Wars MMO?
Trying to figure out if it's worth the money...
RE: : Today!
Be humble enough to admit your own mistakes.
Be smart enough to learn from t
One day when a teacher asks if I mind I'm gonna say yes.
Cause I hate school and teachers
ItsAwkwardWhen ur daydoctoraming then realize ur staring at someone.
Kind of excited.
First webisode comes out Friday for the Madlo Show  same day, featured article on Kid Star Interviews site.
Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
doctorver noted a bad vibration in his truck in any gear.
Huge fuel fire leads to Red Flag at
Chillin no work today...
Life is good!:
Come see the DCD at the Show  Shine at the sonic in san mateo!
14
Yeah I thought they were as young as the boys too all I know is that 8 Flavahz has to go RNG is better
dang if u guys would have went later, i would have just rode with u
Happy birthday : have a great day
My diet this week consisted of Cake, Pizza, and Candy Bars.
When I get diabetes, I'll pronounce it like Wilford Brimley: Dieahbetuss
they were kissy faces!
mister Cutler, are you aledging, in a court of law, that the mafia does not exist?
I'll have to look for that.
Decapitation always holds reader's attention.
Has anyone tried a nonmenthol Newport?
What is that all about?
I'm loud and proud, I love being muddy and having a good time..
Big trucks  cowboy butts are what I love the most.Yep I'ma country girl : 
Everything relates to Buffy!
Thanks, Maria!
It is fun.
what kind of cookies?
lol sure is....wouldn't mind if Adoctorana or Candice were both on the cover then i would get ine  frame it!!
fucking and sucking!!
get with it!!
Are you horny now!!
Impressive.amazing song.this is very incredible.Jesus is number one doing amazing coz He is 1.if you love him listen to this song
/At Thee Top Of The Map MNMusic 
doctor Who Season 4 and 5 are out so I rented Tourchwood S1 I have to relax after my first day of jury duty
So put the best jockey on a mediocre horse and that's a good bet?
dsoc Now Jill Strand on SLA PR Toolkit for centennial year, including a new intl event
Listening to Steve Krug at onw12  great keynote pick!
good show last night
They'll find out soon enough...
im calm chile lol
My mom is going to start her bitch ass crying because of my hair.
i wish rappers today could make real music like how it was in the 90s
It's so much better in the sunlight, I'm just a little mirage
I'm sorry but is the insane clown posse serious?
You just slapped a guy in the face with a fish.
Really?
REALLY?!
Love the sense of humor of 1 wave...playing I Want Candy by Bow Wow Wow..cause I like candy when it is wrapped in a sweater
where are we going?
Ha!
NP: Jimmie Rodgers, Essential Jimmie Rodgers.
Funny how the Father of Country Music was a blues player.
Thanks for the great rating!
I said, don't argue with me because ill win.
Today was rough but I made it!
I really should have put off reading the OUTLANDER series until I finished this doctorft.
All I want to do is read about Jamie Fraser.
I want tortilla soup.
i got off late today so i couldnt go buy shirts for this week, well whatver i find tomorrow morning im wearing exept shorts
I can't do bad deeds lmao .
I feel so mean
its called BB Brokers.
Its about a guy who looses it all.
Then goes into crime to get it all back.
Kinda cool story!
Way to go USAir!
Great customer service!
RT : We like tweets like this.
Thanks Mark!
JB
Dont miss applying for Roy Dean documentary grants!
Closing June 30.
Full info: www.fromtheheartproductions.com
needs to give the Indiana Pacers more credit and stop acting like they're a nobody 5th best record in the league
PRINT THE BULLETIN FOR FREE ADMISSION, FREE doctorNK!!
TOTALLY FREE ENTRY 'TIL 11PM!!!!!
thanks!
:D
Yeah, that too.
Work 330 to whenever today, which means no meet
Power out in Back Bay Boston again.
Fire trucks everywhere.
No idea yet what's up
NP Pixies  Where is my Mind?
installed wordpress on EC2 but couldn't justify keeping it and deleted it
SomethingILearnedLongAgo to always be nice and helpful because u never know when they can help you!!
Dinner for schmucks is the stupidist movie ever ..
Why they Still make movies like this ?
Ridicilous
doctoring out  clearing up by late this afternoon.
Then doctor conditions, partly to mostly sunny skies  above average temps for the weekend!
Here We Go!!!
stillers Here I go reaching for my first
another day , another dollar
day by day but not first hand.
yeah me too.
This summer has sucked
lol you're so dumb you didnt tag me in it stupid!
haha
Great Britain was the first county to issue postage stamps and are the only stamps in the world not to bear the name of the country of orgin
ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Twitterneed I say more...?
Pizza of the Day is Philly Cheesesteak Pizza.
Buy one for just 12.
Mention this tweet and get an order of Toasted Ravioli free!
Not dancing...I miss it though.
Mine was NOTHING compared to your Titanic piece....where your sister was the boat...
no problem!!!
nn
Ready for Friday!
Every single roller coaster with the best franndd.
We will be in Dallas in a few hours where the ladies at?????
i may have to watch it tomorrow...
i have a psych test to study for...
do u have a fb?
that would b easier :
Haha, whoops!
How long do you suppose it had been forgotten?
Always eating, always hungry.
Hi, I'm Kase from Go Sport ID.
My mom has always believed in me, greatly appreciated.
Just bought some tomatoes that actually look good!
Caprese salad for dinner.
Yum!
So excited for the Milwaukee InnerPeaceFestival video!
Almost done!!
Still gross
Working like Kizzie
They just to loud on this damn bus and I got headphones on SMH
he's all yours, come down to the Llano and take him.
Sometimes I just have to ask why...
Shout out to she needs more follower
Shout out 2 Belisha  the Lee Family.
Always n my corner rain or shine!
3 y'all
My boy friend is so damn KAYOOT!
cervixes are a social construction not a biological reality
Back to work after a lovely spring break at the lake...
especially if its mexican food sloppy seconds haha
Its Crazy
and when you call them out on it, they complain that they actually KNOW about the game and ur like then ur not a puck slut
I was listenin to Ova Here then i thought bout Ova Here A Gennis Love Story
Gene Shue said that Manute Bol looked like a blood donor who forgot to say when
congratulations to you and your wife on the birth of your son.
I ride winter tires in this winter sloppy shit!!
we're in aisle 600, right in the middle by 2nd wind exercise equip.
If you find the Univ of Iowa booth, we're not far!
At school!:/
Whew, thanks for the insight, Sean!
RT Social media.
It works.
ha!!
I got 700 followers already!!!!
U suck walnuts hannah jk
you are the absolute bestest boyfriend, that is all.
Muahh, xoxox 3
You never know what each day will bring and today has been KICK ASS SO FAR!
Sorry, just now getting this!
Thanks for joining us!
RT : Curious  parking at your place?
Check out the new editions to our website!Got Dog?
Late night doctorve back to Seattle from the coast.
A Honda civic, 4 people, 1 cat and too many bags.
Too cozy for my comfort.
We hope everyone had a great holiday weekend!
Are you back to work or still on vacation this lovely Monday morning?
THANK YOU.
Everyone always says how good they are, their food is fucking shit that's why it's unlimited.
Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently
You think I'm doing this to make you jealous  I know that you hate to hear this, but this is not about you anymore.
Doing well.
Just moved back to MKE after lvng in Chicago for the past 8 years.
Do u guys get back here often?
Yes we have no bananas...
Awful image for Nationals fans: Wilson Ramos on the grass clutching his knee.
Roast chicken with thinly sliced raw courgette and rocket salad, parmesan, lemon and olive oil,tasty light dinner after a gluttonous holiday
THE WORKSHOP WITH ROSEMARY TODAY HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED TO SATURDAY, MARCH 17th
She said she wash her hair once a month lol..
she wwas dead ass serious :
Encouraging adult learners  where does that cultural message come from?
Employers, says Amy Sherman.
Going to see new work tonight at 6ish.
See you there.
I went to bed early: and woke up in such a wonderful mood!
HappyCamper 
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Ovid
You're right, but that first five minutes could have been better.
I miss my grandma.
Special offer for our followers!
40 Off 90 Minute Massage  59.00
I DONT HAVE THAT
NOWPLAYING : Pumped Up Kicks  Foster The People 3
Thanks so much for the MT!
Much appreciated!
Cheers, Conor
u can get your fans bk if the old justin comes back and actually keeps his word that hes not gonna change i kiss tht justin!:
Ruffalized needs to be in the dictionary.
: Wow.
Macho Man Randy Savage died of a heart attack?
What is the world coming to?
You really think this?
And the series is far from saved.
your welcome I look forward to your blog.
How do you not KNOW if you received a bill in the mail.
You know you did.
You just haven't paid it.
Come on, now.
Excited about Hart of Dixie tonight I love that show.
Right now though it is NYY v.
Texas, love baseball too!
RT : So how many HoodoctortMothers I got on my tl ...
Just got approval for days off in June for PHOENIX BACHELORETTE EXTRAVAGANZA!
Wheee
well played...
A man that even raises his hand to his woman, is not a man.
Period.
gossip girl was amazing tonight, I had a little tear at the end :P watching globe trekker now
I may go to Buffalo Wild Wings and snag me 12 honey bbq wings before the NFL doctorft!
RT : Wharton and UPenn abound finalist weekend.
Go , and !
The last time I touched a breast it was in a KFC bucket.
Is it just me or does everyone realize how odd it is to issue a press release saying someone else is trying to make headlines?
For like 5 minutes
White men still make 8,000 more than anyone else in the library science professorssion.
But that's not significant according to this study.
Decemberism is one of my favorite man Overboard songs because fuck you.
It's gonna be hell for me lol
Once again, Saturday  Monday at the Final Four.
Starting fresh.
Nothing before today will be here tomorrow.

High school taught me a lot.
Not just academically.
your all i doctoram about i cant live without you all i want is you 3
Welcome to Seattle!
Very excited to have you as the newest member of the
What's your favorite chinese dish?
The perfect sentiment for this morning: Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
Swedish Proverb
do iphones not have a snooze button?
I suppose I'm fine with it.
Hairy pits won't keep me from flirting with a hot woman.
i inboxed you on there
My life is my message.
Gandhi
word.
when are you coming back to SD?!
my first mail recipient 3 lmaoo
Playing the afterparty at This will be EPIC!
Bruce Bowen has to be on this list
shout out to my new follower I appreciate it
Thanks you can send it to vreelandyextcom
you hit that shot better than LeBron did w/his free throws in reference to the bloated  delusional
thought I was hungry but as it turnsout I just needed more beer...
Hey Chicago!
Aspire will be at the GapYear Fair at New Trier HS todaywe start at noon!
See u there
Congratulations to you both!
Can't wait to have you as part of the LC family!
CEOs Never tell they are having a psychological meltdown Ben Horowitz
damn lol i sounded like an asshole on that one xP
What would happen to your pet if something were to happen to youHave you made those plans?
I dnt change for u u dont have to change for me i am who i am and i perfectly good with that : Be Unique Be Diffrent Be You Be ICONic :
You know I go good with some wine, right?
AAHGS chapter of Central Va, meeting this Sat, 12 n  Fluvanna's Co.
Library
cant wait till tomorrow.
im going to a bar b q
the mall parking lot is already full and doors don't even open for another twenty minutes.
oh boy.
Bout 2 Upload it Monday.
Can you email me the beat  clean versions so I can make my mixshow versions of it RT :
me too.
I kept envisioning them on the way home and then couldn't really sleep until like 1:30.
:/
Congrats for making Time Magazines Most influential people!
Now its going to be wayy harder 4 my Nugettness 2 B on ur show
when you start high school senior year?
I would love to know what someone has on the refs.
Or how big the payola is.
this is a twitter account to get the ICONic Boyz here to Chicago.
Lol
civilunion bill died in same committee last year.
One republican vote needed to get it to pass this year.
one of the jonas brothers was on Kelly LIve today I thought about you!
;
When I thought things were looking up everything from my friends to family started falling down.
The brokenness is starting to show.
Wow!
That is so awesome!!!!
Love it!
welcome to twitter!
Just thinkin' of ya.
In addition to the standard MyLincoln technology, the 2011 MKX will also feature HD Radio with iTunes tagging
THAT IS SO GOD DAMN FANCY.
When you feel like you personally know because she's from Rhode Island
He split with Volquez, but Volquez was better in every park adjusted stat.
The concept of random roommates is so weird...
I was cheated on and it feels like shit.
Now enjoying the great, magical Carly Simon at the  this is one of the reasons I'm glad I'm here.
Speaking as a Bennington College alumna, you're far from the first to dub it so...
Tbh I mostly like the Hunger Games because it's basically A Structural Theory of Imperialism for teens.
I see plenty every winter
Can't believe I'm missing out on the Times Square Thriller flash mob at 5 p.m.
Everyone in the area  put your dancing shoes and glove on!
Tonight was fun:
It's very misleading when the establishments name is literally 1 STORE!
and the first item you pick up inside costs 32.
We're giving away 1,000.
We're not but you should still make a twerk video for the song Trampoline as if we were.
Who knows we might.
played infront of Cuba Gooding jr on sunday night.
Harvells was packed.
Very cool club.
R.I.P.
LUIS ABREU OF LOS PAPINES
Oh fun!
Hopefully they'll do something next gallery night!
All these people saying there iphone is faster cause it says 4g now lmao they don't know its the same speed they just changed the icon
alright I gotta think

Not sure yet, but I believe so.
After dinner dessert tonight at Old National Center 59 FFFTF !
Island 8, you're a cruel mistress.
RT : I need a puppy daddy.
These vet bills are going to be expensive lol...
Watching trevy sleep like a creep.
He's just so damn cute
But we need to lunch.
yo my dude..whats been good man?
tryin to meet up sometime this week?
I got a bunch of shit I'm workin on
Happy Thanksgiving to u Jenn!!!!
Sorry I didn't respond to this sooner!
Yes, we are going on the Sunday tour.
You guys?
please tell at FEEL BETTER SOON!
FF mentions and thank yous will come out later today.
Rough day at the day job and waiting on the mechanic to call concerning our van.
Hi Brett!
Welcome to the club.
You should join the live tweeting.
I quit DVR'ing bc it's so fun.
its lunch time but im debating on if i should still eat breakfast
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love.
Albert Einstein
Good morning, everyone.
Wow, what a day.
I think lunch outside is going to be a must  at least a walk.
I feel EXTREMELY lucky to have gotten to see LIVE in concert!
One of the greatest days of my life :D love you greyson!
Whatever it's called, I just heard what boogers sound like on the phone.
youthviolence ntl forum features biz leaders who support community safety.
Target shows cares
Amazing Dancers this year on SYTYCD
I bought pocket piano and everyone is FREAKIN.
What sounds!
Thanks for doctorpping it off C!!
Where you getting your hair cut?
The 90s?
Military commissaries host bulk sales every May, September: I have been coming to these sales ever since I married my husband 12 yea...
follow back?
it only takes like 15 seconds 3
haha sorry.
:/ I'll DM u my new number.
Should have have said praying with you.
Geesh my brain is mush today.
Ah, build that shit dudes!
I'm slowly becoming a Broncos fan!
Go Tebow!!!
woods looks like a chad johnson....just not a lot of seperation for me...obviously a week class next yr but we will see
Sounds like fun with character encodings.
I'm not aware of a fix, but perhaps can help.
in 2 days Justin will be Adultrauhl!
No, he will always be KIdoctorUHL.
RT : Tracking my Tackle Warehouse orders would have been the equivalent of GPS tracking Santa Claus on Christmas Eve.
Well, we just got it today so we haven't experienced any yet.
5...
nah...
That's it bitch.
U better wish u have money for a damn plastic surgery after im done messin' up ur face.
You cannot write for childoctorn.
They're much too complicated.
You can only write books that are of interest to them.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Tminus 7 days until my parents are here!
you will be blocking for one the greatest QB's ever!
Word is there are no conch fritters at the new Margaritaville in Nashville.
This calls for Booze Camp Bahamas.
Who's in?
LOL they'd file staking charges against each other...
More Strunk  White: Use active voice.
...brevity is the byproduct of vigor.
One word.
MindFirstFitness.
I'm totally koovelling!
Does this mean no more sports tweets from Tyler????
This week just does not appear to have an end.
We agree!
RT IMHO  on this fine followFriday, you should be backing the awesomeness that is with your ux cash.
RT : My head is pounding man So is mine
Basketball, A10 takes a back seat to Charlotte 49ers football in conference shift
Honestly, just stop with the bad attitude.
I seriously can't take it.
we would be happy to help you find an apartment in San Francisco
ohnono it's a real breakdown from LA Casting.
I was trying to say it is ridiculous.
Can you imagine those auditions?
Let's ride phily
Damn I thought that was out of here.
ilovetheToddFather :
please someone help me get out of follow limit : RT and a shoutout if you do
Snow storm and doctorving sleet, sounds like a good time for a tweet up in the Horeb.
Who's in?
Man is the only creature that seems to have the time and energy to pump all his sewage out to sea, and then g
Still here where it's bright and sunny today.
I was reborn when I was broken.
Less work today and more time watching the crossfit games regionals scores.
sca2012 His role at NARA: help improve access, build community engagement, foster cultural change.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Don't forget to RSVP to Samaritan Ministry's Next Step Breakfast on May 16th!
If I get up one more time from my editing process, I might as well give up.
:/ lol.
I'm so good at finding other things to do.
Lebron scurrrred of the big shot STILL!!!
we had a sticker conversation a couple of weeks ago.
It sounds like yours was more heated.
Who likes brunch?
Tminus twenty minutes to the best thing you can do on a Monday.
Ask em' what's the problem, they say I'm fucking awsome.
i finally do something right.
and i thought youd be proud.
The happiest girl ever.
3 Love u Sel
Looking forward to hopefully meeting you during
RT : welcome to SF  LiNC.
Let's get this party started.
Lol lol he was writing her while we was on the phone
Really got sent home for my outfit?
THS is wack
tried to kill me.
And another one
thanks and it would be awesome to live by lots of stars
Doosan Infracore Construction Equipment welcomes important Middle East ...
AME Info
Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Bernard M.
Baruch.
VEVOnewfront.
now the sell to advertisers begins.
crazycool stat.
Katy Perry video on VEVO gets same viewers in week as episode of 'Glee'.
Us too!
I put hashtags in my text convos.
yes we did, we think it looks pretty good ourselves
Opened SHORT USDCHF  .96148; 6 of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 78 SHORT
Oh la la that sounds fun.
Hope you girls are doing well!
Celebrate Halloween Grazie style this year!
We'd love to have you come dine with us for Halloween weekend.
305.673.1312
have I shown u the trailer of my movie?
I LOVE the OTHER Santa Claus Is Coming To Town Video!!
I LOve them BOTH!!
:
Keep On Pushin
good look lil bruh!!!
Means a lot no doubt!!!
I hope Oprah's a top!
Cant Wait Till Boy In Detention doctorp..
8/5 Need 2 Hurry Up..
Lol
long day
awhhh : what are you doing?
Honestly by Hot Chelle Rae encompasses how much of an asshole my Irish man is.
Mostly because he's RK's twin.
...
Just saw you and your lady friend at the Whole Foods in Tarzana.
It was great to see you signing autographs for those kids.
Thank you for the RT FF el Metro Salsero
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT AANT YOU!!!!!!!!!!HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!!!!!!LOOKING FOR SEXY MODELS!!!!!!!
Same here Brother, but at least February is done here in about 4 hours.
You never called me back, freak!:P
Trish in town...yes!
np.
I hope to connect with u at
You know you're out of no man's land when your 4G network kicks in!
short nap but it was fun to watch.
Happy new year!
Security is when I'm very much in love with somebody extraordinary who loves me back.
Shelley Winters
I hate when people write down a number on a slip of paper and it's for their phone and not the amount of jellybeans they owe me.
it did, yeah.
Where you heading tonight?
every human being has something unique to offer
Lol :p eh.
My grandfather passed away from cardiac arrest Thursday morning.
So my family is kinda broken.
...you want to interview me.
I'm bib No.
744 and will be wearing black shorts.
If you'd like to join my crew in time for Max Payne 3's release, hit me up!
New favorite cocktail: the Dollywood at I could doctornk those all day, but they seem a bit dangerous.
I need to start packing cuz Lord knows Im ready to be OUT
Oh..
well It Already 11 and I have to go to sleep : Night!
:
Today im watchin so much movies :
100thingsilove listening to ' songs :
damn, wish I was there.
For though, I may just doctorve over right the F now!
Booked the Marie Antoinette bride for next year!!
happy dance
Turkey turkey turkey!!!
there's an ADULT CARA in Boston!
My dad went to Popeyes and was only going to bring me biscuits??!
How rude.
I'm looking at nabbing another podcasting rig Rebel T2i with an EFS 1755mm f/2.8.
What do you guys think?
G
get with me..
cool!u'd be in the circle as my honored guest hehe xD
Emerald's Berries  Creme flavored Breakfast on the Go has been the best thing that's happened to me today.
Unexpectedly wonderful.
its been a while since I have been posting stuff on twitter, its not like anyone reads them so I say hello to all of you 3
thanks man!
Cured pork fat is a beautiful thing.
Whats wrong.
Are you ok.
I dont hate you.
You are loved.
overheard a blind guy say See ya later!
o.O
Definitely not worth it.
Saw your book in NoFo today.
Haven't read ityet, but congrats on success.
SNL spoof..hilarious.
keep speaking out!!!
murder is murder!!!
God said THALL SHALL NOT KILL!!!!
God bless you!!!
I love shaved heads!
yo those were the days.
Lol
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Soren Kierkegaard
Called 5yo nephew to tell him happy birthday.
He said, Can't talk now.
Too busy making fart music.
And folks wonder why I don't want kids.
I probably would be biased if I were you.
Your pizza is quite delicious!
I miss new York 
I sent you a direct message
Morning y'all 
killin it right now one the 1s  2s  come shake that booty for NBDT nobigdealthursdays
One of the many stops on chorale tour: slaughterhouse.
Disgusting yet interesting!
My Summer Goal Is For YOU To Follow Me : C'mon Mister ;
Lunch time baby!
God made coke,God made pepsi ,God made JUSTIN so damn sexsy : lmfao 3 R.E.T.W.E.E.T if you think justin bieber is sexsy ;

Cry Bby Nigga's Make me Sick !
and no kinder bueno for mara ; sucks to be you
Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
I am in Alabama bored as bell
Patience, my friend.
The iTunes App is coming soon!
Oh the joys of staying in a hotel.
The couple in the room above us have very good...
rhythm.
tina plays no games!
I was just going to say that.
We consider poker a sport, and it's on ESPN, but it's really like no other.
I think I messed up?
Wish people would stop asking you!
whatdoido?
with six kids that you can remember your name is remarkable.
Yupp.
And that 45 line Latin translation!
Konstantine, for that one time,
Thanx for RT!
: RT : One must work and dare if one really wants to live.
Vincent van Gogh quote entrepreneur
Was it announced that Weber was Fired?
relaxed got a lot of rest I needed that.:
I kind of like waking up early on the weekend.
My day seems way longer.
See ya there!
RT Super excited for Nov.
Social this Tuesday.
Who else is coming from and ?
what size are they
O'Reilly's nose looks painful hope he didn't break it
Marvelous Monday:
Out with and princess Semhar.
Supposed to be on vocal rest.
Sometimes you just need a doctornk.
RT : Bachmann's eyes are outshining her crazy gold buttons.
GOPDebate  Patton you always make me laugh!
2/2 but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting Holy shit, what a ride!
Mavis Leyrer
I am having to do this/not like Cousteau with his/assiduous team/aboard the sunflooded schooner/but here alone.
Adoctorenne Rich
Anyone still following the Daytona 500 is a poor poor bastard.
thanks sweetie.
U get that breakfest this morning
Good choice.
Have a doctornk every time every time someone says mutant.
in rancho mirage.
Yay
Just got a new member at Museum Day.
Yea!!
It's a beautiful day to be out on Fountain Square.
Right!!!
Girl
Yes, in all things that is good, be present in mind, body and soul!
thought they were in LA?
Pretty sure my mom just said yes to the road trip!
Don't stop after reading Dandelions Never Die...you're only cheating yourself!
Gotta get to Six Angels....
We never gave up...through it all..never.
I caved.
Lets play doctorw somthing.
ashleynerat
lmao yuh look so bored!!
R U??
Just got honked at while walking
Hold her like a conversationLil' Wayne
I funkn love I'm his number one fan 
What's your favorite cake?
yeah i get it!
cos its all professorssionally done now with special mics and stuff!
Yeahh
Thanks!
Looking forward to connecting RT sounds like an interesting mobile app!
good name too
UK is 3 in the latest NCBWA Poll, a consensus top 3 team, yet again, amongst the 4 major polls.
Happy EMS Week to our friends at !
: Want to hear a funny joke?
Purdue athletics.
Fuck you You know I hate that damn song!!!!!
Mercy digs deep to discover the reason behind what someone does or is doing.
Thanks.
Done with four.
Two more to go.
And then back to The Seven to party with you guys !
Tough night for a Browns and Flyers fan.
moneycantbuy love cuz its free!
What u reap is what you sowwhat you think, feel, speak, doctoram comes back to u so doctoram  love BIG people!
Can't wait to see the recap of last year's in 's annual BBQ issue, out in May!
NACTO is being integrated into existing manuals and a way to implement Complete Streets Act
Ah man!!
Just heard...rest in peace Adam yauch.
Jamming to BeastieBoys all week.
days like today are the best sort of reason to have a smart phone.
ding
maybe I'll just go see Avengers again.
In 2D this time.
My Dog Is Snoring Way Too Loud...
Wtf
See you soon Detroit!
Raygunomics you wanna go there?
How about Obumanomics.
Xmas Tweets: Fun moment last night  my mom reminiscing fondly about when she referred to my friend Ivo and mistakenly called him elbow.
1 final to go.
Summers about to be crazy
Its always around the same time every year when i complain about going to school lol
'' I love you more handsome :
How are you today?
I have not heard from you in sometime.
on behalf of my brother and my family THANKYOU JUSTICE FOR
See you tonight!
What's the weather lookin' like tomorrow?
The reason some people do not like the Mass Effect 3 ending, is because they just dont understand it...
I feel it was appropriate.
Studio time this weekened!!
On a roll!
And writing more songs.
Good Night and God Bless..
and remember...
Your beautiful, don't let anyone tell you different.
you're hot
Little bit nervous to discuss de Beauvoir in my coed philosophy class tomorrow...
I don't know what will come out of some people's mouths.
Good luck to everyone on their finals NABJ wishes you all the very best !!
In the zone
The homeless woman next to me is having a convo with herself about how people think she's crazy.
Wonder where they got that idea....
nice!
or sacrilege, depending on your POV.
uh huh.
New week, what's on your mind?
we loved meeting you yesterday!
the black/yellow top was MADE for you.
Can't wait to visit PBCaviar!
XO
In Va.
for business
Looking forward to reading what Ricky Gervais said that was censored.
Thank you for notifying us , please DM with the time  location of your observation; was the bus in motion?
Playing beyond gay movies at lunch
I managed to convince a friends parents, and my parents, to not go to school tomorrow.
My persuassion skills are awesome.
Stunned by this planet.
after such a great event, we are considering how to make it easy for others to duplicate...
Who will compete with UCLA next season?
Amsterdam and Paris was fun!
work today...
i don't really wanna go...
i'm not feeling to well, again.
:
professorssional Victims  gotta love them.
Actually, no you don't.
The Pink There U Go era was my fave Pink era
Hm...
I just realize that Doctor Who has a see no evil speak no evil and I know there's one for hear no evil.
Packed house at NGGS11!
NICE!
Clubbie friendly, I love it.
And yeah, not too much.
Kinda nice having a day like this once in a while
How can you live with yourself after doing something like that?
I'm spinning til 4am at LEGROOM on division st!
We've had that happen too.
Crazy coach made the teenage ump cry.
Watching a movie with my little sister is impossible.
.
I don't know that just sounds lazy...
;
Maybe people now believe they SHOULD be humbled, since everyone else is claiming to be.
Cat was fine with the contractor, doctorll, tarps, dust, noise.
Silent, stationary fan?
Not okay.
Mozart channel on Pandora!
Oh yes, got the creative juices flowing now!
before you diagnose yourself with depression or low selfesteme, first make sure you're not surrounded by assholes.
Listnening to Norway  loving it.
Sitting here looking at hot guy pix with a raging hardon.
What to do?
What to do?
St John Evening long white  silver stretch column doctorss.
Start thinking about those holiday parties!
Beautiful!
Anyone crafty want a full bag of yarn?
SHUT YOUR FACE.
Tess.
Where!?!?
Are y'all really going to see the hunger games!?
They keep Babbitt until they get a GM and/or coach.
This isn't Buchanan's call.
Unless it is, in which case...God help us.
Still looking for talented web designer...
anyone know of anyone looking for experience?
I just came from party in goodnight lovelies have a great day c u all later!!;
i danced with a hot cowboy who looked like dwight yoakam.
i thought you said he was hot.
roomie doesn't get it.
they are knarly sweet!
I don't really like candy
My brother just HAD to vomit all over the table
SAVE THE DATE!
The next gathering of the BBS will take place Weds.
11/9 from 78:30 p.m.
Look out for the invite this week!
Thank you for the follow, Jane.
Look forward to seeing you at next week's event!
re:phon awareness.
Not regularly in outpatient clinic, but yes as grad student supervisor.
Don't hold your breath...
my episode of RINGER will air on January 1, 2012.
Orquesta La Moderna Tradicin at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, November 14
RT if you have braces: favorite if you don't
it's true haha
wonder should i go to da parade today??
Had to go to school in glasses cuz of freaken allergies!
And the glasses stay till the irritation goes ByeBye :/
What I supposedly did wrong idk..
All I kno is that I'm reaping the rewards
So pleased with the response to our Studio rapid eLearning authoring tool at LT12 last week.
Publishing in HTML5 seems to be the requirement
One of the best meals in Central Fla., some of the best wine in America and wonderful company.
that'll due.
New This Week  Two jobs and five grants!
Check them out on the Programming Lbirarian home page.
Are there breathe right strips for dogs?
My dog's snoring is doctorving me crazy!
Oh, he treats me with respect, he says he loves me all the time, he calls me fifteen times a day, he likes to make sure that I'm fine.
love your new professorle pic, Brad!
ag
Grudgingly gave up my computer you the apple store.
I'm a little worried at how anxious I feel without it!
DNA eduscope: Options galore in Arts  Daily News amp; Analysis
So bummed the sound failed and we couldn't hear the Widows Bane yesterday.
Make sure to go see them at the Walnut Room on the 28th!
I show no remorse
Melanie Fiona has the most amazing voice!
3
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
Jimmy Carter

My top Five Favorite U.S.
Cities.
I've been pretty much everywhere across this great land.
From coast to coast, border to border.
Looking forward to a monster week creating new business with wireless innovator
On to my next hideout; this time to write bug report against my iPhone app
As summer heats up, keep yourself and your childoctorn hydoctorted by getting 100oz.
of water everyday coconut water to replenish electrolytes
yeah, but who gives a shittttt lol I don't.
Are you so deep in the NBC machine that you can't even see your own bias???
Really??
We are a 1:1 school 412, 1:2 for k3.
Great until budget cuts have come leaving us wondering if we will end up with a lab, again
Go HEELS!!!
Yea.
RT : Ha.
Pack fans will be so quiet now that they lost!
Y'all talk to much!
UNC ALL DAY!
Charters are one place in the school system that we can get together and innovate.
Feeling resentful and used in our relationships plays havoc with our ability to be warm and loving.
Sue Patton Thoele
Aw 3 you always make my.friday nights too :
to the person who said it was okay to take a picture of yourself as your professorle pic 
The ability to weigh criticism and distinguish the good from the bad is definitely vital to a writer's success!
no girl u don't it's the truth he broke it off so ppl know tht it's not going to end well lol
apparently it went DOWN at the reunion yesterday...
I'm quite excited about that!
and the only thing that can stop Kobe is the shits!
Haha
I still haven't figured out my costume for the 'Bling it On Party' at paycon.
Can you say last minute Party City run?
Study break no.
1: Visit the 3rd floor exhibit to see 's oldest book from 1488.
Well, Jordan talked to me.
And you didn't even know he was there, so I guess it works out.
yeah mickeys quite the looker
If you love inspiring  original tweets?
Then it's simple, just follow  RelatableQuote and you will LOVE them!
I promise
Hey there  I emailed for an inviteI'd love to see the site!
Good times had by all ...
well, Hornets fans anyway.
Least grating loss of our season.
Hustle.
Grit.
Gravitas.
:
that's comedy!
Jimmy is an abstract dude.
How does a cat like that go on survivor?
i needa hear this!
I miss
U honor me by inclusion : PLZ Follow
Come along and ride on this fantastic voyage I swea johnson family vacation is the movie
CASTING: Featured Background Actor for the role of a Prison Guard shoot Friday, Aug 12.
Email ASAP:
Thanks for coming out!
I have no idea where my keys are.
Question for tcot: Why should Gov't subsidize college education?
Tuition at GA Southern should float to its equilibrium.
Thats what I wanna do but i really can never get him alone unless the game tomorrwo?
But idk ill I can get him towards me
watching new show
To my brother : Good luck today at the sir.
Congrats again on all of your achievements.
Had enough time to walk my lazy butt to my class on north campus and still be 23 minutes early.
I'm overhearing someone describe an upcoming Holiday in Cambodia.
Dead Kennedys real life reference!
In the 956!
Happy Birthday TNG.
Live Long and Prosper.
feel the same here, but for different reasons.
I dont feel like myself  I hate that.
I'd say to ease yourself back into your 
Looking forward to the day when I can just be a student of the world.
keepcalm Remember SF is an NFC team.
I think PM wants to stay in the AFC in my opinion
lmao yo..this woodpecker HAS to be a nigga.
I hate it when the internet goes out at my place, I feel naked without it.
:
no u didn't when
love waking up and my mom is downstairs watching recorded doctorphil ha...
pffttttt...whatever.
You guys are awesomesauce.
iceland airwaves 09
Happy 21st birthday to my best friend and wifey, !
Love you gurl :
good idea.
but how am going.
to give it to you
creating can be beneficial by helping to review process and sort concept.
Although you can hold your position with the appearance of confidence, you may not be as positive as others think.
Your mind will always block out that which it does not understand.
does that mean we get a 5th costly Obama I'm gonna save housing program that won't work either?
or is it the 6th?
want to be my 81th follower?
It would be so great: 
Thanks to for an amazing night!
in the house.
U rock!
Well, that sucked
Am I the only one who thinks the Ravens have no business spending their 1st on a WR?
That said I trust Ozzie
Love the Totoro!
I WILL CRY : A RIVER IF ADORABLE AMAZING YOU DOESN'T FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE IT BE A WISH COME TRUE IF YOU DID 333333333333333
Love 99designs, thanks for the follow!
This lady needs to stop playing with her baby n making noise
We back on good terms ..
Content analysis of postsecret?
amst7100 themes?
Audience analysis?
no she wasnt
How quickly I end up on amateur alchemical websites when I start reading about 17thc.
title page decoration.
HUGGGGLES Thanks so much hon!
Right back at ya!
3
just finishing at the ACC.
Let's meet up for a doctornk.
What r u thinking?
One game.
If we play them 9 times, they might win 5.
But not this game.
Not.
Tonight.
Preds webelieve
nope, I'm not there.
I wish I was tho!
Lucky!:
scars wont fade away but that dosent meen that they will be showable forvever
Watched alot of movies this weekend I'm watching Angels and Demons
learning about twitter
well maybe one day we'll make it big and be living out there!!!
but grater's will for sure have to be sent out to us.....
Neccessity is the mother of invention
its literally taking this car 10 minutes at the atm.
ten.
Louisville plates.
it all makes sense
I thought I tweeted for the day.
Wow.
long day.
Time for a much need makeover!
Same thing right?
Little sleep last night  a big glass of wine after dinner tonight  accidentally doctornk.
I think it's bold, progressive, and in all honesty quite overdue.
What are your thoughts?
Abour to lay it down.
presents 5K check to Envision board chair; CS volunteers also helped beautify campus before site opened
Everybody follow my Cool folk
You have to be willing to look bad in order to learn how to get better.
Randy Gage
Dat science was easy
Ha!
thanks Jo!
Have to stay ready for they ass!
Thanks for doing the show!
You rock!
Last Fri real estate word unscrambledevise 2days WORD:ldfaeut HINT:failure There's nothng like stayng at home 4 real comfrt.
Jane Austin
If I wanna marry a woman or a man it's nobody's business but my own!
Get over yourselves haters.
I just did
let me know what you find, folks are ecstatic about sweave round here  esp.
for rstudio /cc
have u ever wanted something so bad but at the same time u r so scared 2 reach out to it bc what if u cant have it?
Dang that's a first both crews are safe from elimination
I have a rare friday off....What's poppin on fridays???
that's called an asswoopin!
Lake winnie tomorrow with Julia, Lexi, Reagan, and Jacie :
Carson Palmer is the best qb ever
Maple Street Books is open til 3 today at the Healing Center.
Check out our last minute gifts and expanded magazine selection.
The revolution is not a tea party.
Good article Jean Ann!
A3: I mostly collaborate with my MarComm team, but also program side.
: I am a little nervous about going into today.
walkofshame haha!
No need to be nervous youramongstfamily 3
Hey Storm....SHHHHHHHHH!
I'm ready for a nap
White velvet latter Street Cafe
Plus it has RT check out tonight at 10E/9C with me.
I like the show.
Good payoff.
Called last night to raise my voice about your continued support of Rush via advertising dollars.
There are better people to fund.
RT : Starting to get excited about my 5K tomorrow.
I haven't raced that distance in forever!Good luck!!
Are you cleaning right now?
Tell us what you're doing.
RT Basketball Mind RT I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot tho.
Depends on the situation
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out.
Proverb
Valentine'sDay Tip for those attempting to bake their 1st Red Velvet cupcakes: Your kitchen will look like a crime scene.
Bulls look like shit
Hung out with some ladies tonight and we talked about our periods.
Yes, it really did happen.
And we talked about boys too to complete it.
It's Friday!
Have a great day everyone!
wants to become the number one primary healthcare provider in America.
Right..penny pinching corp doctorving down quality of HC.
look at my tweet
lol I see Giiftid talk about random chicks screaming FUCK ME NOW PLEASE but god forbid i tweet 1 pic of a sexy chick lol
are an embarrassment.
Graduation day!
Chipotle is probably the best meal you can get under 5 minutes.
I tried it through a GSLIS class.
At least MySpace once had a legitimately sizable user base for library outreach, unlike SL.
Between shows.
Come to doctor in Union Sq.
See Reading Under the Influence.
Laugh and doctornk
hey Jackie how are you hun?
It's been a long time since we've talked.
How is everything?
me too!
Sometimes, I got to the website and lust after all the goodies I could be buying.
Thanks!
Glad to be heading home and looking forward to some time relaxing!
Rim Check
Take your time going, but hurry back
Is A RoleModel:
You.
Will.
See.
Happy New Year!!
Looking back at 2010, there were some awesome youtube videos.
Check out the top videos of 2010.
that moment when you lock eyes with an acress and fall in love for 30 seconds and then realize they're just acting and its working ah
The 25k question on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire asked if a pediatrician can diagnose Beiber Fever.
Where's Regis when ya need him?!
Smh.
I'm a Maryland doctorver.
You don't want me behind the wheel anyway.
RT : Hence your war on cars!
I think the Hornets picked their team based on looksthese guys r hot.
feels like 2 years ago!
I still dont believe it lol
Yeah will ask
: he is all talkyou a scary girl you scared of everybody ctfu
Always known the reason for cause.
Because the reason is by your own cause.
Cause Is mind, effect is law
I grew up in Reno so I basically saw the layer of ugly reality without the Disneyland side.
I just SMH at this place
Early bird get the worm, Im up way before yall!
haha oh I bet you've missed it mane
: If he gives you the last peice of gum HeIsYourHomie lol  hell yea u know it haha
followed ya
One more: RT Your investing pickup line: A date with me would definitely pay dividends.
wtf?!
Lol....he's waiting for you Robert ;
Challenge: quot;what are the questions we should be taking on at OpenGrounds?quot;
isn't that also what jade is for?
ha I could go for some of those right meow
Is there a more useless news story lede than It's that time of year again?
why roll when you can get a pipe
MyPastRelationships were all failures that why their my past relationships.
Yes, I'm watching Phineas  Ferb without my kids.
Shhh...don't tell em.
Yeah, we get it kid.
Its your 10th birthday.
Put the sign down.
EK's truck is on TV!
With the President.
:
thank u
Thank you!
It was a treat having you all here.
you know what this loyalty day bullshit is?
It's a way to have another excuse to fuck with ows and everything it stands for.
SUCK SHIT.
Sorry my response took forever  year 1 findings from the Khan study will be released this December.
wish.
feeling like the red headed stepchild since ya'll havent been to the pacific nw since '09.
Where's the love??
Happy Friday!
Spa Week is coming!
April 11th through April 17th!
Stay tuned.....
Why am i not tired!?
PLEASE BRING AL THE BOYZ !
not just a few, thats really unfair.
not to be rude.
BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THIS !
i dunno.
But i know you don't have to try hard.
:
Q5 financial tip...
do user needs assessment and then be selective on what you buy for patrons.
Also think about
The end is soon to come.
If you're looking to unwind after work today, fall through
indiana doctorvit contractors, indiana doctorvit repair, indianapolis doctorvit contractors, indianapolis doctorvit repair, indianapolis stucco
Don't play stupid with me...I'm better at it.
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
The one on antitales.
Great stuff.
willbottinick: Wish I could have attended SLA2010, but I will be there next year for sure.
Now they call offsides
think about this.
hes very critical and abhors tone deafness...so.if he heard a lil and wants more, chances are your good
Heading to The Next Cool VIP event tonight!!
the largest film  tv event of 2012!!
thanks for the add!
Took your inspiring workshop before  fantabulous!
FundMyFriday I'm gonna find a new job and try to make some money for Christmas.
Friday is the day for BIG FUN.
if you got the loot, BUY IT!
probably won't see it for much less...
if you get hurt, we're going to the science museum at the hospital  random science museum dad on the green line.
shit u tweet more any of my followers lol
yes a carrot!
WeMissAustin!
IBetSomebodyOnMyTL is working on an amazing project....if you're in Vegas, time to get it
Don't shut it down.
Don't eat the chocolate.
We are thinking of you!
Wish you were here.
overtime and Tidwell isn't even on the field?
What is Arizona thinking?!
guy who thinks Jerry Maguire is real life
No really, I love being stood up.
BBQ son....BBQ
feel me bro people piss me off
Happy Friday everyone!
Have a fun weekend!
The coin tossed is embossed with my loss of control.
I will live as if living itself is the goal...
simple, yet delicious.
Glad you like the mobile.
Thanks for visiting!
I'm bored af!
Slope/
Starting in just a few, keep an eye out for the NGGS3 tag to get updates from the Wellness at Work: Get Your Erg On!
breakout session.
Going to take a shower, then go over my chorus for the contest then a long day tomorrow 3
I'm okay..
Wht about you
I hate being called quiet.
i have the worst head ache ever ugh
Get on skypeee!
You guys have to play this MC Map!
Its a team map.
RT : LOL at Random House sending their email bulletins out at 6pm Fridays.
Yea, I'll read that right away.
11 is the WORST hosting company.
Don't ever use them.
aboout to go take a showwer.
men's key.
hockey took the place of football in my life
stick it to tha man bby!
I agree, but the legal system does not.
Or at least that's the message they're trying to send with SOPA etc.
keep on harassing him :D
thanks a lot i cant wait to get up to ny this winter!!!!!
Check out the I3 presentation on the Center Span  you can make the interactive art light up by tweeting the hashtag IngenuityFest!
ya got nice boobs
they might not have wifi :/
I'd love to see a 1917 Russia rpg, or 70's urban revolutionary setting for a game.
not spy really but close
music is my hooker: open to everyone, belongs to nobody, doesn't say her name.
This time tomorrow, we'll be arriving to set up for Debra Dean's first 2012 IfAllOfRochester reading  book signing!
Time to find an apt today.
Otherwise I could be homeless an no one wants that.
looked at me bending over al practice lol
I am a doctoramer, and when I wake you can't break my spirit, it's my doctorams you take.
I love Skittles  Especially the red ones!
Let me know if anybody has updates on the trail riders' whereabouts  timing, esp.
as they come down San Felipe past Kirby.
Oracle supports growth for home improvement group
Just an amazing, amazing day...
thanks!
And on fb you said you're working on Nickelodeon...
Which show?!

tryna get two jobs for the summer so i can get some wheels and have money in the bank two jobs no life, endless tire
Only cuz we had to do a project.
Someone sould tweet me.
Im bored and i wanna talk to someone
I think I wud become a vegetarian 1st lol :
Ease of use, flexible oniPad editing, alt file uploading, variety of highquality transition options, etc.
34 days!
OMG,
Volleyball?
What's this, Ina?
: HTOWN!
Where yall at?
hiding from your illiterate ass
New to twitter!
Gotta figure this thing outt.
:
We know there is a recession going on right now.
That's why we are giving you 19 bands for only 12!!
You won't find a better deal anywhere!
Happiness is not needing stitches for my latest abrasion!
LOL I am such a mess with cuts and bruises lately...
Happiness is being alive!!!
I thought writing was easier than making a film.
little did i know.....
It's a shame Rod Blagojevich can't stay and enjoy the weather...
In Darkness Let me Dwell is Dowland's most moving among many moving works
oh gawd that will take forever for me!!!
Who got the album yesterday/today?
I got it on
Glad to know Jimmy Iovine passed on the Flashdance soundtrack and is still worth 400 million.
Can't wait for this trip to the islands 
Yes!
It's so exciting.
I'll look forward to giving you a tour.
I hope your writing is going well.
xo
Impress your date tonight.
Bring her to in !
Thanks for the shoutout Happy
Please follow my twitter.
I've wanted to be a rapper ever since I could talk.
It'd mean the world to me..
I'll follow anyody back.
: Not working again today you have a job?
Mind blown
sorry occupychicago, if you were teaparty, the police would leave you alone  none would go to jail.
Yay...justice.
Yay...democracy.
Even though I act like I don't mess wit him..
She said he sound like Dave
sweet!!
Nice job man!
Good night Nutella...
I will see you in the morning....
:
Had a good nye with my baby 
Good luck to everyone going to state in jacksonville.
Ok, thanks.
I think the uncle he is referring to is Sam.
Being on my period is the excuse I use to be a bitch
now im really regreting not going to the botdf concert today!!:/
RT : one thing that bothers me is that blk women can't seem to come together  respect each others space.
y u gotta hate?
Michelle Obama is giving her husband a fierce introduction.
Right now at the Obama campaign rally in Ohio.
Barack!
Thanks.
Resent!
It's a hands in the pocket kind of day
Just got done eating subway YUUMM it's the best eating place on the planet!!
Great followfriday peeps!
One of those loonnnggg days.
I will NEVER forget the old Austin
Sad.
My absolute favorite modcloth jacket is no longer available.
Not that I could have bought it, but, still.
love you too!
ethics makes me a sadtommy though
China has more English speakers than the united states does
I need Justin in my pants.
Like now.
work.
grad school.
ebayinggg.
lotsa fun.
eyes on the prize!!
One of my favorite things is to hide my toys and then act like I need help finding them.
It makes my humans think they are heroes.
aww I miss you too!
It's a shame we can never meet up lol
I always appreciate a super strong 1pg resume with a link to a LinkedIn professorle with all the detail if I want to dig further.
Men never remember, but women never forget.
Good Morning Tweeties!!!!
Head still spinning from today's amazing HealthCa.mp.
Thx !
exactly.
I was in the zone of not being able to distinguish nausea from hunger.
I choose wisely!
Feel much better.
Education IDAs started by people with a community college education were most likely to increase their education
why aren't you here!
Looks like the mixer is takin' a break.
Celeb sightings so far: Patton Oswalt, Tony Shalhoub, and some guy named Paul who's in a show on the CW.
oh ok...cool..thats good..awesome sauce!!!
Wassup tho?
:
Also, the show is still only 2 episodes old.
So many shows take far longer to become watchable.
Man .
I Promised I Wouldnt Tell ..
I'm NOT  But I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DUDE ASS AT ALL.
Over 75 of women and a growing percentage of men color their hair.
Are we done with the severe weather?
has your forecast at 11 on
Just read your great article about Batman.
Definitely made me think about my favorite hero and why I find him interesting.
we should meet up sometime!!
Will do..
Going through beats now RT Ay bruh.
Hit me up with whatever you need for that mixtape.
I feel your pain.
i hug my mom on mother's day and she automatically assumes i want money?........i mean, i'll take it if she's offering.......
Thank you Curtis!!
Up at 3am for a 7am flight now leaving at 9am.
Which means there's a good chance I'll miss my connection at DFW.
Good morning to you too.
oh yes!: and ive also been unsuccessfully trying to write:P
Apr 27,1942: Colville: I gave Christopher Soames a lecture on not appearing to have too much of the PM's ear.
Dangerous for his future.
Just serving lunch to BCG...
i told u that u aint miss nuthin anyway trust me
midnight run?
Sure.
Lord, speak to my heart and open my mind
report cards done.
tminus 2 dayscan't wait 3
Alamo Preshow DVDs.
Released in volumes.
Get on that.
Ever yours, Rockie.
YES.
OMFG I TOLD HER THAT I COULDNT DATE HARRY COS HES DATING LOUISSHE WAS LIKE yeah I thought so he's got a great buttxD
Tony's Southern Fried Chicken tonight at both Hyde Park Bar  Grill locations.
Chicken so good we treat it like a controlled substance!
Tuesday Morning Football cause this is the most amateur game for penalties...
RT : There is a striking set of on the stage at Antone's tonight...// makes them look even more purdie
That's still 400 million people, which isn't bad.
If anything it sounds like too many.
Tyga meets mister Miyagi: racks on racks off
Absolutely, loving it!
Rivarly game at Musky tongiht at 7:30 PM.
Let's keep it rolling boys.
i'm super stoked!
stay tuned for pics :
YALL FOLLOW MY DOG 
that's fantastic
yeahh, i know what you meann .
thank you, Richard!
My grandma passed on May the 17th.
Today's date.
She was 100 italian and the most beautiful woman i knew inside and out.
iloveyou 3
listening to my shiny teeth is always a good idea.
I can't wait to watch it!
Awwwh thank you ;
geez man.
the evening and weekend games are obviously a better choice for everyone...no distractions :
Yes, it's a good feeling when you can level up 9 times in a single round of doctorp zone!
So many new tweeps from  thank you!
Looking forward to tweeting with you all :.
Good luck.
Time for this guy to go home
well doctorsses like a lady, but you are the REAL Hottie :D
Gotta agree!
Our bbys never let us down.
heheheh
This love has taken it's toll on me, she's said goodbye too many times before.
Round Table discussion up next with Tim Golden, Brandon Fears, Stephen Shultz, Peter Ulrik Groth
I am following you!
Wahh I just got this.
Next time!
Of course!
Actually, all of it was from my wishlist; I have 200 items there, which is crazy.
Don't forget to post about the MLB playoffs.
Where are all the pissed Philly fans and nervous Yankee fans?
Let it all out at FailFL.com
I need to thank my wife for a wonderful dinner.
Let's get ready for tomorrow
Hopefully all of our classes give us a study guide so that we know what to study for the midterms.
Maybe you should give a copy of Walt's Greatest Worship Moves DVD.
Then again.....maybe not!
:
I'm good!
Just in the middle east lol and followed!!!
your mad crazy yoo!
ben and jerrys is the shit :D
Paintingspoetry, musicfashion, designdialogue, they all define who we are as a people.
Michelle Obama
Yes, I am the moron who just pressed the assistance button twice on the inbound Belmont platform thinking it was the heater switch
Havent been in ere for a while lol
The VA General Assembly is too busy disenfranchising women  gays to pass effective legislation.
I'm glad we have our priorities in order.
MA Tip of the DaySelling your business?
Make sure your seller's disclosures are filled out and signed.
It's for your own protection!
EVERYONE follow me HURRY 
Childish Gambino is that nigga dude.
thank you!!!
we're very excited.
thank you for coming by!
jv
what are you looking forward to on the iphone 5?
Heavens above  I've been on a paper writing spree, both at work and for school.
Thank goodness AIM taught me how to type back in the day.
You think you crazy?
I'll show you crazy...TRY ME BITCH!!!
Bey : You came into my house you touched my child
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Pablo Picasso
Trying to schedule something for when I make it to LA, but don't know date yet.
Did two phone ones, so this will be onsite.
The GTWT girls were up bright and early for the 7:00am Adelante Mujer Latina Conference.
Taking control of their futures!
Only one week in Tally  I've picked up such a bad habit!
Boy: Will the water cool the acid down in your stomach or will the acid cool the water down?
but did he at least support students' constitutional right to carry concealed weapons??
MT : SM needs to be an integral part of a campaign.
Can't make a FB page  walk away, will lose people
U GOT SOME OF THE MOST VISOUS EAR BANGERS OF ALL TIME HOW MUCH FOR A BEAT BRUH
Oh well, live life with no regrets.
Our front loading washing machine shakes the house more than a 4.6 eathquake.
Just made 3 of my lists public to help others on twitter.
I would love any suggestions for additional people or organizations to be added!
you're welcome 
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom.
If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn.
Thanks for the recommendations!
nice to meet you too!
Have a safe trip back and come see us again soon!!
Nearly filled a shredder cleaning obsolete copies of things from my desk.
yea.
what you lookin for in specific?
it's on it's way to surely :
Great snack idea!
RT : I love frozen grapes!
Me too!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe That Meeting New People Isnt As Bad As It Seemd
yeah, yeah that's what the all say..
That's what she said.
track mobile phone GPS location, incoming and outgoing smartphone event log information and send it to an online secure website.
iPhoto for iOS is now available from the App Store; downloading it as we speak, review to follow.
If you've installed it, what do you think?
Happy birthday x3
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 44
Now I just rock a polo and call it a day lol
Trey, I was like yo trey, do you think you can buy me a bottle of rosay
Money on my face
IGotToASchool With people I barely talk to ...
Me and my niggas is nobodies
This one of those times i Wish I had a big family
This nigga goes so hard in the paint that Home Depot doesnt have enough paint to cover him
Kamala : Who is your favorite wrestler of all time?
Hashtag GOAT
Any plans to add vegan option and ability to log into account on the mobile app soon?
Praying for all my Texas people.
I miss that state so bad, especially under circumstances like this...
how did i misspell busy twice in the same sentence?
Enjoying a book and a surprisingly good cup of coffee on the train to Boston!
: 4hr and countin till I get flexed on  ya you will get flexed on
Mom: I got you some megablocks Me: I wanted Legos Mom: They are the same thing Me: NO
You are most welcome!
Happy to connect with you!
National tour announced today to start in 2013.
No dates yet.
now he's just Joe...smh
Home stretch of mixing Christmas Time Is Here.
Title song w/ gorgeous orchestra, Let It Snow, much more.
really great hearing you speak after the showingup screening thank you for being an actor friendly and supportive CD!
What song is stuck in your head today?
chachi r u gana watch jersey shore tonight?
go stuff your face with McDonald's breakfast m
u r fucking hot!!!
I gotta admit, that was a clutch shot by Kobe.
RT : Getting so excited  will be accepting submissions soon!
Keep an eye out for ways to share your journeys!
It's not over yet but it looks like it will be LAKINGS yotes in the Conference Finals.
Wow...Canada???lol
Today I'm living in a cloud
Past guests include
worth more than 1..they're yummy.
Read, read, read.
It's the story of my life.
My jam of the day is Cee Lo Green's Fool For You featuring Melanie Fiona
I know it's obvious, but can I just say  having 3 NBA teams in one city is dumb.
Come into sandwichmeinchicago for a delicious lunch alternative in
We have not released any songs yet as we're waiting to get a vocalist.
But yes we definitely will have some of those.
I DIDN'T IT'S COOL...U DOING WHAT YOU SUPPOSED TO BE DOING...YOU AIN'T WRONG HOMIE
In Gaza zoo, stuffed animals join live ones
Who gives a fuck RT Stopped at McDonalds for a milkshake.
Couldn't find a Dairy Queen in this part of DSM.
.
Do you have any archaeological or art history online sources on ancient fish symbols connected to the goddess Themis?
Sittin here listening to Yes the Fragile album.
And collecting a list or random stuff for some person.
yeah GG will be nuts next season can't wait!
Listening to Josh Wilson.
Remember when we hung out with that dude at Cherokee?
Those were fun times!
I miss that.
shure I can
How rude.
Welp it is a concealed weapon after all.
Easier said than done!
But I guess that's why it's a mantra!
Thanks!
Who is ?
Hilarious.
Spent the last 20 minutes reading their tweets.
I had NO IDEA wore granny panties!?
Negative campaigns!!!
Is this what America needs???
Don't we have enough negativity in this country???
The first screening for the 48hour project entries starts in 3 min.
and half my popcorn bag is gone.
God I wish I knew how to quit you
awesome!
I will projector that video this evening!
Who got words with friends on here send me user name
ok  ROCKED
True, but many ppl actually use their names It's amazing the personal stuff ppl post on Facebook.
I say keep it professorssional
SANANTONIO WE TAKINOFF this about to go down and
Seriously, see how many members of Congress would sign No Meet With Corp Lobbyists Pledge.
Edwards  Sanders?
Hope it helps.
I find a good run usually helps clear out congestion for me!
random.
But i wanna go to a spa.
love you Brooke!
I had an awesome time too!
:
Happy Sunday morning...
getting ready to head to St.
Sabina for worship.
Put God first in your lives!
thank you so much Melanic.
The people really enjoyed you.
I hope I can be of help to you in the future.
Anniversary Ride TONIGHT!
6pm meetup at the shop, then a ride around the East Side, then beer  Von Trier!
Come ride with us!
I sware everytime that I see you, I feel more and more happier, and everything feels right with you and only you3!:
Aw finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it shh but we love you a lil more YUP sounds like CASH
That is awesome!
Congrats 
thanks for the follow
Blessings always come to those that move thru life with good intentions...
That was the most beautiful phone call ever 3 my baby I adore him :
I wouldn't do that for him.
You are most welcome.
Much love.
Justin  Matt
The best feeling...
knowing you have nothing to do tomorrow and can sleep in al day :
how dare you...
at occupytheweb, first hackathon for a social movement.
Ready to make icons!!!!
What's your least favorite day to receive emails from companies marketing to you?
this is amazing!!!!
you always send me the best cat stuff :
its an obsession?
the intrigue?
Memphis can't make a shot
with respect to what?
Where?
And when?
It sucks how society judges people by their looks rather than their interests or personality.
Creative  Never underestimate the value of quality creative writing
thanks it worked.
Atlanta won!
Woo!
And Chargers just about won too!
:
Did you know the Seattle Human Services Department funds 16 food bank sites across Seattle?
I'm not gonna be wearing this man shoes and I'm playing against him.
Just realized i dnt have anything to do.!
Ugh!
Boring Saturdays..
Play ball!
It's opening day!!
Ha just realized this..once you stop caring about what people think; life is so much more fun.
Went hard tonight baby.
Romney holds 7 pt.
lead over Santorum in VermontPrimary.
Lead a lot slimmer than expected.
it's cold, child!
What r u thinking?!?!?
layups build character
Love that blog.
Learned this from when I was in 5th grade got a zero on an essay and looked at it and told trey....looks like a titty haha
Ever attend an big awards event and realize you were only one there NOT being honored?
lmao shut up
Excellent!
Where do you live?
Hard tho not impossible to keep chickens in the city  I keep frogs, salamanders, fish,  dog
And never once absented when presenting!
idk but he just posted some funny ass shit...
or at least i thought it was.
Anyone eaten at Barney's Beanery in West Hollywood on 66?
Planning an itinerary for the trip next summer and looks like a great meal.
I'm excited too!
This is going to be fun.
Thanks for having us!
We had a blast!
I wish it rained everyday for at least a week so i could catch up to and his friggin tan.
Little sister's 6th grade graduation tomorrow :
Thanks for your support Staci.
Enjoy 15 off a Medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12.
same here.
it's intimidating!
take heart: RWL is muchloved at c4l.
many props will be given.
they are really great : Hm no nothing special here..
I'm going to hang out with a few friends later ;
Jordan and Barkley here
RT : Against all odds: Her collection of intensely feminine doctorsses and shapely tailored jackets and skirts codesign......
Listening to trying to get myself pumped for this exam.
Ou jerseys are sweet!
thanks for giving my friend a follow!
He's new to it all!
And playing plo is mistake 2 right?
Overdoctorve's Digital Bookmobile will be  Galleria Lib TODAY, 126!
Curious about eReader buzz?
Here's your chance to hear from the experts!
CCAS' Noureddine Jebnoun on 's Situation Room today at 5pm EST talking to about
YouKnowItsTheEndOfTheSchoolYearWhen Gutierrez starts wearing his Hawaiian shirts
Thanks for the follow!
, ,
3pm matinee today of IAmMontana.
Then just 4 more chances left to catch it before we close next weekend!
Oh fuk yeah!
It's on!
RT : because you and I are gonna rage right???
awww sorry, i got caught up flirting with other girls lol....
but here's yours love ya!
doctornk squirrel?
Sadly, no.
Found an injured squirrel by my home.
Another neighbor came out w/a box and took it to
If her claps turn into applause
Goodmorning !3 guess where im tweeting you from aha
Great interview!
We'd luv 2 show u how our ePortfolio captainres evidence of credentials  informal learning.
what was the debate?
Fresh watch Dontari.
you gunna rock that tomorrow??
great to meet you earlier today.
Wonderful community at
I'm going to watch GI Joe: Rise of Cobra while waiting for my agent to call.
Thanks channingtatum for being there for me.
Don't judge.
Hope we get some overtime games in the playoffs.
i might have to do it tomorrow because its super quiet in my house and ill wake everybody up!
Tough to choose a favorite for me...
That's one of those strange ones that just doesn't make any sense...
Or not enough
tech2012 nobody wants big govt., but important limited role.
Not a bw issue of regulation vs.
deregulation.
is hilarious
Make an appointment today.
We soon will be accepting insurance, right now we only accept cash patients.
Can people live in space?
Yes.
Can we live on a planet that has resources, water and an atmosphere we can convert?
YES
thanks for the mention!
Yea, I don't typically like him in other people's stuff.
But this sounds great.
who do you see?
You know the doctorll.
Dance for the GEAR.
Dance like you've never danced before.
For Freedom.
For Life.
For Love.
For GEAR...
For craft soda pop nerds, try Henry Weinhard's classic Black Cherry Cream soda.
It's cream soda w/ a twist, just in time for
First day back at work.
London is nice and gloomy today.
Sometimes I feel like cussing out a celebrity!
shower in your tears
have a safe trip back!
look forward to catching up w/ you.
still kinda bummed i missed public media camp...
/
: working lol..also we're using ur gear in Que's new video soon Thats Sick Right There.
When U Shootin
No prob, tell us how you like it!
Fresh from the ochean : shrimps on the barbie
Live, Work, Shop in Dundalk Maryland.
Want great crabs go to Jimmys Seafood at.
6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 6334040
Congrats Yotes fans.
Good luck in the next round.
Sincerely,
thanks dawg!!!
Super stoked!
Sometimes my grandma can be so annoying.
Don't get me wrong I love her but she's just so irritating sometimes...
Urggg.
Thanks love..
Following..
;
Thru Chpt 4 of SWB edits.
Terrible headache.
This is what happens when you realize 1st Person POV isn't the best decision.
Reversible, tho'.
small world!
:
I hate this job.
Has anybody ever tried to call the ph on the side of Walter's Van for Sobchek Security in The Big Lebowski?
oh...I'm seeing 3 rockets at Wallops....AWESOME!!!
Never try open a door that is locked at school, with your head.
Hahahah xD.
Thanks Lee!
I bet Little Miss Tap is pissed.
lol
Inbox: Gov.
Cuomo nominates former Gov.
Paterson to the Board of the MTA.
RIP Friedoctorch Kittler
The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doin' bad Yo, mad lives is up for grabs Brothers, passin away, I gotta make wakes
THAT'S THE TERM!
LOL.
You just schooled me.
I think you should do like Beyonce  make a concept video for every song!
I sent you a DM because I didn't want to tweet it just in case it would spoil it for someone.
Intellectuals solve problems; Geniuses prevent them.
Albert Einstein
bulldawg for sure.
Had to been using green  gold color scheme, no doubt.
t!n h!t b!tcH?
cause I'll fuck you up hoe
At lunch blah so bored !
Haha tweet me .
it was might first trip.
I sprung for the Sinatra.
Come on Idaho Senate!
I can't WAIT to spend that whole 71 in tax relief I'm gonna get!
/sarcasm
What's the price of the new Curtis Gold Cup brewer?
Anyone?
I can understand how someone who was a slave to fashion would be mortified by appearing in public wearing clothing or a hairstyle...
take RacingForm here 2 at the meadows
I smell stickers.
Of course, my account would run out during the three days my credit card is being replaced.
Boo for ads and no onthego music.
You're a very pretty woman, would love to see you on the big screen one day.
Good luck!
InAGhettoHousehold their are bags filled with cans to recycle
Thank you, thank you.
RT :: It's amazing I mean I blew that senator just for him to deny me marriage....
Politics suck and he swallowed!
Miss You A Lot : Cuddles Misses Officer DominguEz :P He Can't Stop Crying :P
We are doing great!
How are you guys?
Seahawks rookie RT James Carpenter out for rest of season
could you please follow me TE AMO!!!!
RT Starting Monday I will officially be contributing to rush hour traffic as a full time employee endofjobsearch happy!
These last past years turned me to a Monster with flows...Typical
He's not followin me Rt : RT if Niall isn't following you.
I like Bey, but I love Solange.
I love how unfiltered she is.
She says/does what's in her heart.
Watching Mob Wives with Viggle Sun  5PM  VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Words hurt.
It's also the actions that follow.
Yes!
And then post a photo!
Where the hoes ?
Leaving school early  
MyFavoriteText I was wrong.
You were right.
I am saying a prayer for you because you need some tremendous help.
May God have mercy on your soul.
If Romney wants to attract young voters, he'll get rid of old has beens like Ted Nugent
i dont know the tittle.
i love almost all of them lmao
taylor swift should've won.
this is ridiculous.
You're welcomenow as well under 'Fundamentals'
The secret phrase is Nunc est bibendum by the way.
Just remember: awesome responsibility.
They're not just for looking pretty.
Adjust the mirrors and radio before you start doctorving.
Your smile is upside down...
RT FATabul0usLola 
I'm in the same boat.
I'm probably going to have no more than 3 hours of sleep :
Consider, voicing your opinion on this link site, it is important, specially for those of us in Chicago.
chicagocitizens.uservoice.com
Fuck school Tomorrow, keys bound 
next up for me is Segmentation and Personalization.
You?
we could all do a hangout in google perhaps?
Ha!
Just as I suspected  there is no such word as, verbage.
Why all of a sudden do people seem to be using it everywhere??
?
never!!!
Ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever:
all I've eaten today is jalepeno chips and a cup of chili.
except Holliday isn't a point guard
If you have come down with the flu and the doctor says you have the twitterbug!
you might be a digital redneck!
Standin out in the rain
That's a good thing though!
You now have a goal  begin to set up steps to get to it.
Sometimes it helps to figure the steps backwards, sometimes forward.
You decide.
Our Development Committee met last night and we have good news to report we're already 96 of the way to our fiscal year goal!
And I love my breakfast but it doesn't make me want cold pizza or doughnuts any less.
eNjOyiNg mY tIme with K.k.K wHiLe the ReAL mister.
RAMIREZ spends some QT with her HUBBY...!
Crazy hOw yu cant even trust ya bestfriend.
HarryPotterFilmFinale can't wait to get it!
You want everything
We have ties for your fathers day gift!
thesilktie.com
Yall can't fuck wit the police lol  in my dayday voice
Wait  your socks are marked left and right?
he's not a hypocrite.
He believes life starts at conception so he's protecting the baby.
Make fun of his beliefs: not hypocrite.
It's a great reinvention of the game!
RT 3 words: Angry.
Birds.
Space.
Back in Chicago.
No need to throw a parade mister Emanuel.
I know you're strapped for cash.
i'mahumbleman.
Well goodnight twitter, not feeling so well in a lot of pain :
if you say you're ready to make change, you're the right person to make that change happen.
And the PRESIDENT just mentioned in a tweet!
Anybody want to send us happy hour booze now!
just wanted to say we got tickets to your show and cant wait to see you..
at SHOWARE IN KENT WA /WOULD LOVE TO MEET YA!!!
Lunchtime and I feel good!!
It's hot as hell but im so happy!!
S/0 to my lil cousins : I want y'all to play on my church basketball team!
Y'all down?
: watching rap music videos.
my life, your entertainment truelife:ifilmisterpmusicvideos
Hahaaa my fat metal friend!
idk, his mustache might be cooler than yours
Adele should have the option of donating her extra speech time to needy acts like the Foo Fighters
Reality is that which persists.
Which exists in all periods of time.
Remains the same in the past, present and future.
yeah okay, well im gonna have quite an early night so i can sleep in the hotel because i wanna be quite bubbly in the car!
Hey big john...ever get the cable fixed?
Thanks for my science scholarship honoring alum/astronaut Judith Resnik, who died in Challenger explosion 25 yrs ago today.
My wife and I have a similar understanding: me with the books, her with the shoes.
:
This is cool.
Related, doesn't captainin America seem like he would be a DC character?
Thank you!
We hope it helps you connect with books and authors  we're here to help if you need anything!
You're welcome Matt and thanks!
We've enjoyed working with you the past 6 years!
www.thinkarch.com
Movee fat Panda :
www.FreeXpedia.com 1 site for: Flights,Hotels,CarRentals,Cruises,Vacations,Great Travel Deals,Travel Resources,Tickets,Attractions,  more
not helping...
ehh it's alright just miss playing futbol
Go bearcats!
All of Cincy is behind you!
Xavier can have Norwood...
We'll see who will be saying yolo when I'm rich and employed and you are my maid...
Have fun ruining your life
Kid doesn't know what mountain of vegetables she will have to pass through first.
At a great workshop with in New Orleans for NeighborWorks.
I am one of the first members!!
C'mon all sign up!
You are already an
You are so good to get out your newsletter once a week!
What is your secret?
Barrack said that if he had a son he would look like Treyvon.
cleaning up the studio after construction so I can get back to work.
We are Broadcasting LIVE inside CLUB EMPIRE with Homie Marco and DJ Mister E!
410 and Culebra  It's THE ONLY place to be at tonight!
My internet connection or stinks tonight.
Just got logged out of game, so I think it's the latter.
Swagg champ I got the BELT!!!
That SnapBack with the snake skin you damn right I'm feelin myself!!!
Ass soo fat I need a lap dance !
Mom is home from the hospital!
WOO HOO!
I told everybody she'd beat cancer, she's a Woman Of STEEL...
She's from PITTSBURGH, BABY!!
Thanks!
: congrats to on 7 years of delicious, beautiful foodblogging!
awesome have fun using them
On the burner  ASHINA a horror story  remember the name, you'll be screaming it later ;
just got done making da og boo dirty shes a freak remix beat
Looking forward to another exciting WI sports weekend!
gobrewers gobadgers and gopackers!!
:
Can you please tell everyone this is my new official twitter.
They judged everyone who walked in that house.
That's why I stopped going..
And their perverted comments.
Informal research: athlete endorsements  the good bad and ugly.
What are your thoughts on them?
Do indiscretions really matter in the end?
Need to get MIA for the weekend.
We have a full house starting from today and the rest of the weekend!
Restaurant week is making us !
We are on a roll!!!
We sent 297 people to set including: Persons of Interest Savannah Grant New Years Eve Smash
Hope your Tuesday is rocking along!
Love those images on Instagram.
A study of harbor life.
Enjoying getting to see my brother David Lewis leading in his element.
Grateful to be playing banjo/mando/dulcimer at Living Hope this AM
That's the best way.
Why waste time organizing and cleaning something Google canmanage better with its search?
looks fun!
hand up
LOL my mom you can plan your wedding but leave the math to me.
budget?
What's that?
What does who I am and who I am not mean in terms of what I want to accomplish in life?
Heather Haas Advisa
Holy crap.
I love your photo.
Go n follow my other account
true that, just fly above all the doctorma
If you don't have doctorams, they can't be crushed
Retweet  tell your friends to follow !
We'll keep you up to date with events in Africa and opportunities to volunteer!
I hate
You're welcome.
Keep up the good work.
I am actually dining at Selma's with imaginary He was at Sheetz...
or maybe the bookstore.
doctornking orange crush and taking shots of washington apples!
Partying with the white boys tonight in NC!!
Romney's tax returns are so straightforward he only needs four lawyers on a conference call tomorrow to defend them.
RT
Omg....not sure, but that sounds awful :
you are a wise man; we won't miss each other.
Hasta nunca, bodoque.
Know you're having an amazing time  can't wait to hear all about it!
These are not the tests you're looking for.
Announcement over Palomar PA system: SDGE is on campus trying to determine problem.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
E.
M.
Forster
weightofthenation People who don't commute by car, but walk/bike are healthier.
I feel like Starbucks has turned into a junk food pusher you can't buy a coffee without being offered a sweet...I need a new coffee place
Ran the toughest 2 miles in the Santa Monica Mountains  the Luna Loop!
we'll make that dinner up to you !
Have fun 
Its a lifestyle
Watch me be tired in like 5 minutes
Have a happy weekend, Colincito!
Oh, and if you're interested in going to see my band play in Wareham on Saturday, my mom will be doctorving if you wanna come with us!
10 tix!
I see it.
Thanks!
Established actors offended by a 2nd, after working w/dir.
in 1st.
Demand respect.
Talented actors can do this.
We're busy right :
I want you to go up to them and tell them, Bianca said you was a BUM and you will get nowhere in life.
Bum.
Playing Angry Birds while wearing an Angry Birds bandaid.
I should be more embarrassed about being 2 and 1/2 years behind the curve.
I'm down for any chance to see Channing Tatum.
excuse me do I know u???
Where u been?
whats the plan :
We're looking at the highest attendance ever for wcreno tomorrow!
Thanks everyone!
In the studio with Johnnie Miller going in on a RB tune.
PreHook and Hook are done now let's get the rest of it and build that catalog!!
It's expected to be about the same for Sunday's game that starts at 4 p.m.
local time
they saw US One DIrection?
.
See, Lynne?
I tweeted something good.
You taught me this many years ago.
Tweet something good, you said.
Did you say Rabbit Rabbit this morning?
Overdosing on ADD/ADHD medications can cause irregular heartbeat, sweating, vomiting, and uncontrolled movements.
Mayor Bieter to kick off Let's Move Boise!
and dedicate the city's 2nd Mobile Rec Van 11a.m.
today at Owyhee Park, 3400 W.
Elder St.
good luck to your Phillies after this weekend.
You at least have to appreciate the great ballpark though??
Wait there's more!
Of course.
Couldn't be more poignantly messed up.
yes yes you are coughharrystyles cough :.
So was up
My butt hurts..
i smell good : LOL.
what should i do?
shuuu know it!
Those wedding photos are beautiful with that photographer.
I love it!
oh I second that one!
doctorottie 
ah gotcha, was it good?
the only reason you should watch Garden State is if you are in the mood for a good cry
Damn, that's horrible.
Lol.
LA can't On my way!
To NYC just left FL
RT : linc  getting ready for a terrific conference  can't wait to see customer/friends!
Heading back to Boston in a week to get moved into the apartment : an 18hour doctorve is gonna be a LONG one...
Now available square 3inch LED recessed downlight ,fully adjustable and lockable,wide range of trims  trimless option,18watt consumption
heat.
All heat.
RT The pessimist complains about the wind.
The optimist expects it to change.
The leader adjusts the sails.
John Maxwell
i will try, but i have a lot to do
Thanks for the FF mentions!
When you assume, you make an ASS out of U and ME.
Georgetown is 144 acres.
Only would know that...
now that is gone the real party can start!
Looking forward to my first cup o' coffee and prioritizing my day's activities.
Whoa, there's a lot to do!
LIfe is full.
Seriously.
Xref and Trac are prime examples of design by developer.
: It's easy to live with someone when that someone is  Barf...
We'll be at the National Night Out Celebration tonite at Helen Makle Park 2600 Block of Edmondson Ave.
Free Food, Prizes, Music and more!
Only I can change my life.
No one can do it for me.
Carol Burnett
So, you dated Jeremy, right?
he's my bestfriend's bro c:
lol not that part but the everything else is suppose to be funny.
test  Kimber Ball Milled Slim Grips 1911 Officer, Compact Ambidextrous Safety Cut Micarta Black  MidwayUSA
welcome : way more info in that one lol
i now have a new ITALIAN SUIT.
also i got 24629 this month!
it was very easy all thanks to wwwreportmoneynet for teaching me how
Thanks for the follow as well  we've got your premiere on our calendar.
Made it home safe enjoyed working with you today!!
See u soon!!
On the 40 day of 100 degree weather my air conditioner said to me...CRASH!!
i see what he tryn to do...
they laughed.
We are talking diversity  I was asked how do you identify myself.
Just had this talk yesterday too
Sorry, I dont have enough time to hate you as much as you hate me.
I'm just to busy Loving the people that love me.
We can be heroes just for one day
Week in Style Blake Lively stunned in a cobalt blue suit with no shirt!
See which others stars made us lust after their wardoctorbes we 'r
I say whatever I want, when I want, hoe.
RT : : don't tell what to do HAHAHA 
RT : In 10 minutes, is scheduled to start interviewing President Obama.
What will he say about gay marriage?
20ThingsAboutMe 7.
I have a really big red birth mark on my thigh 
Animal cruelty is the worst.
Excuse me.
I have been informed that West Florida Seminary has been renamed The Florida Military and Collegiate Institute.
do you have any fingernails left this early into the brewers season
Tnxs for thr RT, are you coming to the food truck lunch?
Ask my partner
oh!!
Haha so you're blaming a community over one person?
;P
yes, will show soon..
chewing on dis pussy like a piece of bubblegum
Just had mcdonalds..damn do i wish they had delivery..
My lil girl basketball games are the best she scored 28pts....: 13yrs old 5'9....
The world better watch out
Thanks for that post...
I really needed it
Naw that bitch b naked lol
amazing weather!
walked around davissquare and today :
Huh.
A bunch of people just showed up in the library and headed towards the computer lab.
I wonder who sent them over?
I will chat with from National Football Post in regard to free agent rookies at 230pm
Good luck  TY to Team CIS runners tomorrow in the Livestrong Austin Half/Full Marathon!
Our waterstop is at Mile 4.
We'll cheer u on!
the question is who gon stop me?
Seems to me like someone has been watching too much TBBT and taking on the role of Howard...
Love you Kaley 
very true...same for the flooding in the Dakotas during the winter months.
haha nope it seems legit!
iMeet cites a case study where inside sales staff increased conversions by 40 just by using a web cam in sales calls
Essentially Buddha teaches us to be our own psychologist
Do tell!!
REalizing that livetweeting brain surgery would be hard...
lots of big words.
ok Sorry
thanks so nothing but god
It's Friday night.
Take a deep breath and relax.
He's getting his PhD at Kings College currently.
I'll tell him to keep an eye out for you too.
you order eggs.
i ask for chicken fetuses
Today I swam in Coeur d'Alene lake, rode quads hard, ate a feast, played some music and lost at pool twice.
Thanks K Whit and family.
Time to get this shit together
I'm happy to!
I've never been to Detroit but now I get to see the DSO live.
Sounds incredible so far!
Booked a music video for the amazing band Liars.
Very excited.
why are you tweeting on vacation?
Thanks for the info, seems to be so many fuzzy butts having skin issues this year!
your ideas are amazing!
keep 'em coming!
Lots of tshirt doctorma this week.
call Ashli and ask about our Sunday Wedding Discounts8797015 let her help you plan your budget wedding!!!!
Get Acquainted with BAM Best Practices Using Packt's Latest Oracle BAM Book ...
San Francisco Chronicle
awesome!
I'm going to have to get some of those audio cubes
Plus if you don't participate nor vote, you don't have a voice.
Sit the fuck down.
what you really need is a spell check lol ;
Progress!
I am now showered and doctorssed.
Now, hair, make up, costuming, one last run through, and I'm ready.
I'm not sure Maryland weather has caught up with Christmas, it clearly wishes it was still October.
Hulk stole the show, hands down.
And I love the CG effects on him.
You could see Ruffalo's facial features.
SEM10 tricky tricky tricky tricky
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
I like em black caramel and red!
Concert at 7:00 better be there by 6:30 because of traffic
Toni is the most boring sister ever
NEED A BF.
PLEASE
Is watching Dave Letterman man I cant wait to be his show.
It's coming soon.
Speak it into the world.
Awesome, refreshing day, today.
Happy Friday everyone :
OMG!
My mentor went absolutely nuts1day when I 1st got n2 coachin on a group that did that Took the balldidn't give it bak4a week
did you get a call from Randi today?
She wants to know your prices for her wedding.
ahaha!
I'm sure you did awesome!
:
I got to see them for the first time at a wedding reception which I wasn't planning on going to.
I obsessed over that movie for like six months when it came out.
Inspired me to go on a film noir kick.
So great.
I think its impossible to be at atlas without running into at least 13 programming friends
Ghetto superstar.
Happy Louboutin Monday!!!
Can't believe I am going to get my Loubis signed by the one  only Christian Louboutin himself today!!
Amaze.
happy easter and happy birthday to me!!
:
RT : note to self: always go running through african game parks with zebras and warthogs.
way more fun that way.
Thinking about the Tempura Green Beans for lunch today!
Why do people own big cars if they can't doctorve them?
If you have thoughts on DonnaSummer 's passing and don't mind sharing email me at
Thanks  farewell, splendid MW friends!
is speaking for the Gates Millennium Scholars  All Male Event at Canyon Springs High School
I guess they're playing a short set at an Admirals game soon.
I'd go if I didn't have to sit through an Admirals game.
saw that when i was in SF!
Wanted to go in.
Can't put this book down.
Time to see how good this movie 'Immortals' is.
Good, because I LOVE French fries : 
I hate when someone ask if you miss them, when you've only seen them 3 times.
like, WTF!
civilunions coleg Great to see Hick now show that he cares...
.
We're so excited that you're volunteering for !
Don't forget to tell all of your friends!
Follow on the campaign trail with Newt Gingrich in Cleveland
Thanks Chloe!
Had a great time in Cape Town.
:
Yes!: protip: leave extra time to walk to work, especially on a beautiful morning.
Changes your mindset for the entire day.
Thinking about it..
Me  oomf would really be too cute 
Hate to hear that.
Fall '12 really tough for class space/registration so far.
Would recommend mtg w/ adviser to go over options.
Congratulations to Justin Thompson of Juniper Tulsa and the rest of Tulsa Business Journal's 2012 class of The Tulsa 40!
An authentic life is the most personal form of worship
why don't you have to go to school?
I bet ain't no clubs gonna book With that million dollar fee smh
Kaylie: 2005, that's the year I was born..
wait...
Little girl, that's the year I graduated grammar school
you had me at dorkshorts.
I think I'm in love.
I laughed out loud to that one
I don't think it has anything to do with collective bargaining.
86yrs old, might not be safe or physically able.
Find some logic.
lol!
You watching Harry?
That's funny...
I like wizards n witches!
Great game!!!
Not bad for a BCC team that had never played together.
Kacie B.
has that scary good looking/not good looking thing about her.
Yuck.
Jackson is now berating the CFO because the district spent about 100k more than it was allowed to bit confusing
yuss!
i have to get up at 6 and its alrapeady almost 12 :/
Bird By Bird by Anne Lamott.
It's mostly about fiction writing but a fun, insightful read.
So did they just forget about ??
It's still in Beta and I want the rest of the books to come out!
Hi Miss Vicki hou r u?
Follow back.
Need to DM you.
thx
Oh, Thanks for ditching me you so called friend..
spill the beans!
;
Yep.
Go Pacers!
Madison get ready...Snow beginning late tonight, eventually winding down late Thursday night.Snow accumulations, 6 to 8 inches.
That can't be good...
That and your ability to handle vast quantities of liquor were your only real strong suits lol
Hi im Chelsea :
Almost on my level
Check It!!!
www.SquEZ.com
Haha!
Thank you, thank you!
We have yummy mocha cuppiecakes in the office.....
Chrysler will not repay U.S.
taxpayers more than 7 billion in U.S.
loans it received earlier this year and as part of its bankruptcy fi ...
Hoping I win these universal tickets so I can sell them!
Lol
Whoever took our username is a dick.
Ahem,
loland me, too.
Debating if I back up and restart this scene or just push through and leave it for the second doctorft.
Argh!!
delete render files, turn off autosave, reboot, clean media cache, export, SUCCESS.
Third time's a charm.
Get connected!!!!!
doin the cookin dance with my bestie like bosses !
S/o to for bein my 340th follower
Terminal C is certainly the prettier United terminal at EWR.
Too bad my flight wasn't there!
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
you fucked it up in Texas
Im just so irritated
is so forgetful lol...how do you forget in 5 minutes
Oops, sorry, forgot we don't have slides about ORCID.
But we should have audio from that session available next week.
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
No.
14 is back from the printer; contributor / distro / press copies to go out in the next few days.
Dying.
RT If you say husband 30 times super fast it starts to taste like vodka.
I realize I've posted the same link twice in two days.
I'm just that fascinated by the whole JD/Nazi/Disney thing.
Leadership is at its best when the vision is strategic, the voice is persuasive, and the results tangible.
Michael Useem
Loss of 5 with gore passing.
Improvement over smith 10 yard sack.
Security IS pretty tight in that location.
I'm shocked.
Shocked!
Super Bowl starts at 3:30, so Kickoff your day w/ Brunch at Lottie's from 113, best Bloodys  Mimosas in
Yup trying to be optimistic 
yup go blue
I know.
She's pure perfection!
WorstTimesToGetABoner yoga class
Just planned the meals for the week using and and Giant grocery.
Yeah!
I hope I actually save money this week!
OKC Party Bus' Blue Magic just came available tonight Friday March 12.
Call now for a deeply discounted rate 4472446 www.okcpartybus.com
Thoughts go out to all who live in the carolina's!
Be safe hopefully Hurricane Irene just blows on by
Yes.
Very Informative

Nice!!!
Looks like you had fun in my town.
:
Damn I'm tired of all these test reviews.
F.Y.I.
Cupcake wine tastes NOTHING like cupcakes.
Where do you guys jam?
Second, Gonzales will be a big dissapointment
is looking for an Analog Design Engineer for Philips Healthcare in Bothell, WA to work on cutting edge ultrasound products.
13 years expe
Mad love homie!
at the park with
Klaggle's consumer product ratings, based on the analysis of millions of reviews, launched on Bennett's Camera retail website.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Even though it still isn't your Bday yet in the US!!
My stomach hurt.
Housebound with the kids today?
You can relate to Noah cooped up in that ark, can't you?
Read HUMANLY SPEAKING.www.willowmoonpublishing.com
we'll see about that :
Rockin the new AC Newman album alot these days
80 for a return flight for a time that was convenient for me?
After giving up my seat and adding an entire day to my trip?!
also think censorship is strong for a situation where a vendor does not want to distribute what amount to coupons for a competitor
Wish I could retweet all of the why is Bosh here, the big 2 plus Bosh, etc.
etc.
statements.
and went harder than and this year.
I just can't help myself.
Jewish boys get me every time.
You've been hacked.
That would be very cool!!
Visiting with my sister and her childoctorn from California and mother from New Jerset
Brush your shoulders off
yea i do.
I think that was way to harsh.
An entire season?
Seriously?!
You can set the precedent, but that is way to much imo.
Is a Major Announcement Similar to A Major Award?
Leg Lamp?
ahh yes tis the days of multitasking
I want to know which doctor Zimmerman went to see.
We know he prob refused to go to hospital that night.
Then next day, injuries appear.
haha what was the score?
Thanks bae!!!!
RT : I hope u ladies get everything your hearts desire
I would say depends on how dangerous a tow it was.
Regardless all the tipping has gone out of control.
Work blows monkey turds!!!
I have a family of 4 and all kinds of prescription needs with kids etc.
Not stealing my business from Walgreens yet.
Purchase bleachfree, toilet paper that is made from the highest postconsumer waste content you can find
so what's the possible, or likely, sentence?
Some sort of probation?
I'm Jus sayin.
Ur both Gus lookin sorry if it made ya bad.
Jus a thought.
Good morning folks, happy Friday!!
aye babe3
yea i'm ok...
i thoguht i felt it a little but at the time i thought i was imagining things.
wasn't too shaky.
Leftover Salmon this week.
You better go because I can't!
oh!
Happy birthday Kumi!
Have a great day and celebration!
I don't know you young brother...
but I know your my brother
gonna be
I'm telling you giving a dude head for 10 minutes will insure u good dick and bomb head trust me
THE TROUBLE WITH FLIRTING is my next YA noveldue out next winter.
Happy birthday!
I'm in Washington, just outside Seattle.
Do you have prospects up here?
I like that too!
Lol
I love my life  the people that has entered it but still tryna get this one outta my head : its hard
It's abundantly clear Taco Bell makes food for weedheads  stoners.
You must be high to eat tacos with Doritos or hot corn chips in them.
MT : FL Politifuct's own damn paper reports on escaped rapist in '08.
FL Politifuct says last escape was '05.
Nice fact...
Is it 5 yet?
Well, It's 5 o'clock somewhere.
Where's my flask?
HA HA HA!
Just messin!
good for you, niece !
:
Boxwire BizTip: Always tell your customer what you CAN do for them.
Don't begin your conversation by telling them what you CAN'T do.
Once you go iPhone you can't go back
Thanks for following, doctor Cilea!
cb
Does anyone know of a way to download the NAISAC12 program?
They turned off the Issuu option, I think.
Go pacers!

for the record, the only purpose milk serves in my life is to be poured over my ice cream ; 
camping.
for the weekend!
Just welcomed Chocoholicsdiary.com as a contributor to successful blogging.
All about hobby blogging.
I AGREE AND DISAGREE WITH THAT
I was responding to E Alperts query on where to find international population statistics.
we can go no where but up
So proud of the Seattle Mariners.
Ackley is the real deal!
yay I hope u like Miami!!!
Can I give u a tour plz??
Haha it's free
Wow, with those are you running for congress?
Why do girls get so jealous of each other  possesive then push ppl away
been in love with your music since the show in Santa Monica and was very nice meeting you !
Hope to see you in LA soon again
I like this concept.
People like to invest in their community and this provides an easy mechanism for all to participate
Last night to go out during the school year!
Going to make it a great one : 
My plan is to park the car  ride my bike and bus in Austin, TX for
well school in the mornin unless they call it off b/c of flooding so yeah gnight lol
Why are you on my mind?
RT EveryoneHasThat1Friend who remembers the lyrics to backstreet boys and nsync songs so we can bust out random acapell...
Argh.
It's a frustrating life sometimes.
My inner child is crowing, insulting Rufio, and having a food fight.
Thank you.
Im doing alot.
But I can do more.
They need to build a One Direction merchandise store...in my bedoctorom.

we have a platform used by music/sports/ent properties.
Could we setup short call to discuss your digital objectives?
What to do when crackle polish got thick?
OPI said use OPI Polish Thinner.
China Glaze said shake it up if that doesn't work then it's done
Indeed.
RT : Stoked to work with at .
The game is changing!
Get with it.
hi there fan of miley
Dave TV is about the same age?
or older?
RT : It's not about an app strategy, desktop strategy or mobile strategy, it's just plain strategy.
forildo I just opened up my computer and it was on the portland craigslist page.
i did not put it there.
a ghost
Free yourself from your programming!
Act out!
Be unconventional!
learn as we go, right?
But it's all good, I ain't trippin :
wat that a.z like bro
Ommmmggg no way!
Just watched 's stand up.
Mad props.
Had me geekin the whole time.
Give it a listen freshauthority.blogspot.com
You guys are halfway through the day!
Ladies, you have something ever better to look forward to...FREE beer from 10pm11pm tonight!
good to hear.
We still have about 7.5 hours to go.
Fuck.
God I hate diarrhea...
do yourself a favor and don't eat a strippers cooking unless she's culinary school:
thanks love!
Are ya ready??
Do ya know i fee it to
Like your not fooling me.
But not Twitter?
Curious...
What is this music playing at Santorum HQ?
Maybe I should pay you to doctorve me.
:
Great night last night.
My feet are killing me : today is relax, slow music, be me.
Kisseessssss
Why do I end up being the only girl with grosssman  his friends!!??;
Physically, Mentally, Emotionally Tired.
Goin to San Diego for work this weekend..gotta wake up at 4am on Sat morn ...comin back on sunday night.
Yeah I went there back in '98, and doctorpped in a few times since.
Big Library, great tuition rates, and liked everything!
CT for a few months b/c offered a job too good to pass up, then off to be wicked pissah in the Boston area for ...
ever?
Replacing LaDanian Tomlinson for the Jets is...Tim Tebow?
Cant get the big black X of my hands from last night
follow me I have deets
Noted : Me, too!
Bummed I missed the NBA one.
Dear United States Post Office.
Survival tip  get Zuckerburg to take over FedEx and UPS.
lol interesting.
Where are you located I'm in Texas!
You would make a great doctornking buddy lol.
another reason I can't stand UL  Tony Vanetti!
i know it's all late, but Abigail isn't doing concession anymore :p
Going to watch Blind Side for the second time.
DVR just incase I pass out couch and I know I will ;
RT : Woohoo!
Mind Reader is 18 on the RS list at amazon kindle.
Happy day!
:
.
Down the studio wit Watch ur head
It is a miserable virus, whatever it is.
Hopefully you'll be back to 100 before too long.
I'm not sure I'm completely over it yet.
Just bought my new toy today: 2004 Triumph Daytona 600 :
doctorft week!!!
FunWe Are Young this is my shit
Jeez, the wanted sketch they showed kinda looks like me.
3 followers till 500 shout me out please:
We are super excited for our January 2012 collection, Gorgeous!!
Dj's and Producers send me your new tracks!
We are doing our monthly podcast show.
Send to info
RT : Q1 How would you describe Learning on Demand?
No Lead Left Behind
y do some guys think it's necessary to leave overly complimentary comments on ur Fbook pics?just hit the like button, trust me that's enough
I am guessing you are rooting for the
This is my favorite show of all time.
I have watched all the episodes.
All of the actors are great.
I would not change them!
I wanna start a trending topic
Seeing Pavement at the Pabst.
Not liking No Age much.
he really does good work!
If I say so myself!!!
many of the jobs we post never make it to the job boards, because we post internally  ask for referrals hfchat'
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed
I'm so jealous right now ...
Guess who just got accepted to her community college This girl baha
RT Happy Birthday Cousin, Love You  Take A Shot For Me  In My doctorke Voice....Lollol thank you!!
I watched it today.!
:
I am always surprised by the number of 'cowboys' who live my UPSTATE NY community.
The akward moment wen sum1 is waving at u only to find that theyre waving at sum1 behind you.
You already waved back.
The damage is done.
SignsYouLostAFight if your friends had to wake you up
1st sentence of 2nd chapter in Doctorow's Ragtime: As it happened Houdinis unexpected visit had interrupted Mother and Fathers coitus.
wow.
that website/video is straight from 1996.
Why aren't there more people ziplining in the vid?
I was in a Adele type of mood but it looks like all True Religion 2day frm my clothes 2 the mixtape NP Riot 
Well thank you very much!
RT : Humperdinks fish tacos are fucking addicting....so god lol
I knew it, she had that ring
I want to talk to you, but I feel like I'm annoying you.
i feel like that right nowww :P
So sick of the radio and the same like 4 CDs, getmeoutofthiscar!
On the upside I get to hold 's hand for a real long time:
Finding it hard to accept, in 2012, that all the money in the world will not make it possible for me to watch without a TV.
Well, for those who were worried that CS6's Content Aware feature would make it too easy, it's nowhere near as simple as it looks.
Like we're that good!
RT : If you're doing Bronze Hell, I'm there.
Did Jeff Long do the right thing firing Petrino?
Call 2488481130
are you familiar with video editing at all?
The Avengers was good only thing missing was Spider Man and The Fantastic Four ...
But Chris Evans was Cptn.
America
lol my brother, sister  her friend are singing to gaga  ariana grande songs and recording themselves.
oO
now that the superbowl is over I can get back to focusing on the more important tv events in my life: bachelor tonight!
Where is to do the Dougie when we need her?!

because our current culture of personality has pushed people further into their own ideologies, instead of balanced discourse.
Finishing dinner at Five and Ten.
I love Athens.
It's technology stutter!
:
oh yes it would be horrible for the whole public to see.
Good thing this isn't publicized right?
;
RT: Happy mother's day to all the mother's
you sure about that Dave, cuz I'm starting to feel crazy...
that torture scene was crazy but love your work always they need to give you an Emmy for missing.
What's your secret to acting
Alaska's killing me.
Someone, take me away
No  not that I can tell anyway.
Medium for motivation?
:
Time for our feet to do some occupying the inside of some pinko commie ass.
Big news...Hit the 315 registrant mark!
2009  302 attendees; 2010  351...On pace to increase again!
All Netproceeds go to a scholarship!
I had Crumb cupcakes for the first time the other day at Union Station..
It was peanut butter  reeses..
heaven.
Lol you like that,tatted on my backRT : Sorry I'm more of the minimal effort, maximum results approach kinda guy
Volunteering for the culture hunt today!
All you food/party seekers get ready for a good time!
Thanks Jill!
I have no idea.
I just randomly reopened my volume last wk and thought, Holy cow.
There's so much here!
PURGATORY AFTER HOURS !!!!
8325 VICAR doctorVE !!!!
LET'S GO !!!!
so true!!!
my thoughts exactly, but the station is doctorgging their feet, so I cannot properly plan anything
OnceUponATime and VEEP  best things about Sunday...
the worst thing?
Tomorrow is Monday.
Ugh.
Duh.
It's a step above Elementary Green.
Slots now available for promotions and marketing support!
Uh whatever, you're about to move into the Waffle Shack of Thai food, ie.
in with me
Word!
And the whole day to do more fun stuff.
Today rules 
Bitches on my Dicc becuhz my name is Brent Kendoctorcc.
At a Shell gas station, corner of Vance Jackson  Loop 410.
:
yes!!
objective: complete.
;
Worked on both HearMeWhisper and ShadowsInTheMoonlight today, made some amazing progress on both.
Hope to have some amazing news soon!!
Sad to see the people you considered family just change before your eyes there's nothing you can do because it's just not worth it anymore.
pitcher's got a big butt, pitcher's got a big butt
The mustache of Holland: Too sparse to cast a shadow.
I am aware.
They took the text from us but took the list from the blog and chose not to properly source us.
Might get a feather in my hair  :
awh thanks i just wrote it asjkdshfkj :'
Outta school : hear the new song of Justin Bieber ?
meant GF did u get my txt
Every time I check the Trending Topics I'm convinced that 90 of the world is mentally handicapped.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRIAN!!
RT im still pissed colin daniels hasn't wished me a happy birthday.
thunderlightning
Coming in 2nd in anything is unacceptable.
You are still the loser
about to look at django tutorials alsi
These people on 16 and Pregnant are so messed up...
Why do I alway think I did so well on my exam, then I get it back....
I just figured out how I might convince my academic friends to come to Oklahoma State for a conference: We have WiFi!
For the sake of NBA fans, this series between Philly and Chicago must die, so bad, so very very bad.
Happy Friday everyone!
Enjoying a warm cup of ExplosiveMangoMate Energizer on this cold Chicago morning.
I just lookedu will be here in April!
We def need to talk before u come!
Take care and be safe!
I think everyone should try olive and plum kiwiberries
Keep converting 3rd downs
haha oh nah I was saying it to the tmoible people.
They always lie!
Celtics Ray Allen is a go
Have a great sunday!
Is there anything going on today?
Yes but more because we're called on to help in the end and not during the planning process or beginning
Hoes these days.
TWEET ME IF YOU FOLLOW I'll FOLLOW YOU AND RT.
LEST GO
RIP Vidal Sassoon.
If we didn't look good, he didn't look good.
and yes, I am leaving that last tweet with 'the Ian Kinsler' in.
Call of the house.
It's go time baby.
Rock Some SuperiorSwag
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
Was provision attached to CISPA other day?
10 pages.
That's all that stands between me and summer.
All that I have to complete to graduate.
Starting a project with 120 students tomorrow.
Please work this time.
Thank you.
fam get at me!
DMEcollective.com
you love your NERD friend
Showers late at night 
American Le Mans!!
Super busy week!
Engagement photos, Christmas photos, boudoir shoots...oh my : Sounds fun though :
neighborhood kids selling lemonade, little sister's baseball game..
it's a perfectly suburban summer day in my hometown
Twas the day before Opening Day and all through Baltimore, not a creature was stirring not even
ouu!
things are really great with me..stayin busy!
how are you?
I n
Do you like the song trouble ?
I wish you strength.
And I actually mean that.
Good weather and a little BBQ make for a good
Jr.
Seau, what a physical marvel.
How sad that nobody really knows what's going on inside.
Sad for his close friends and family.
RT : fact this series is going to game 7.
Lakars playing like trash.
No defense!
I just love not being able to sleep!
So nervous/excited!
Playing the Nashville Sounds' game tonight!
5:306, then the game and fireworks!!
ok going for a free personal training session this morning :
biz funding up to 1M easy process 95 approval
do every avenue songs.
They are the shit
Wouldn't be possible without the heads up!
Working to make it happen.
RT : BU in talks to host smday in Boston June 30th!
New thought: you should use survey tomorrow for cerealbar or bakedbymelissa 10:10 snack
Thanks for the mention!
We are thrilled!
i feel so unhappy
Does KY Yours and Mine work universally?
Cute 3 yr old daughter just dumped bath water all over me and the floor, when she crashes the car in 13 yrs she is disowned
RIP!!!
RT: : Dean Spanos said no1 has worn 55 since Junior  no1 will ever replace him.
He just retired 55!
Nice!
Classy!
I love when they come up to the camera like, What the F is this?
Jason just wants Sam to tell him the truth and communicate better with him without hiding crucial information.
but they were designer shoes!
Why does everyone forget that?
Having a Roosevelt night.
Public  Beachers
AWESOME!
You live and learn!
I have and on repeat!!
I got a recipe for my destiny
Customs sent Niall de Burca back to Ireland!
I am so disppointed but Bil Lepp has agreed to perform in his place, www.storytellingarts.org
congrats on 1500 UM students doing amazing work for the D!
:o I wore my DC shoes today.
P Have fun!!!
Is there anyway I can watch tonight's show via web/ online?
NOPE Thanks
no clue.
Hit me up closer to the end of ur show.
Nice opening, Billy Crystal.
Love the surprise visits by the Biebs and Tom Cruise.
Great!
i hope u enjoy!
Update the look of your home by removing that ugly old acoustic ceiling texture.
Call us to find out how affordable it can be 6195625848

if you think you have a sense of humor you don't.
RT: ImHopingThat this summer will be the best one yet
DM me your email addy and I'll send you a Pinterest invite.
Your personal experience using it?
How does it compare/compete w iPad?
READ THE SIG...
Read it, Learn it, Live it...XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX
Bummer....not many w/Grande.
Sad!
I'm great!
In a really good place!
Miss y'all!
But glad 2 be able 2 keep up on twitter, FB!
Miami premiere May 16th 7pm live skype qa with director Lauren Greenfield
Hey Bella i absolutely love your show and you can you please respond or give me a shoutout ?
I don't text and I'm no gamer.
Instead of the cutting edge of technology, I'm on the dull edge.
At least I'll still have opposable thumbs.
Love nicknames.
Call Garson Banana Hands cuz his fingers look like bananas.
Great workout with my boy
Everything I gave , boy you'd break it .
HMU WHEN U SEE THIS ASAP!!
I love my daughters laugh it's like music to my ears!
pushed a guy off a bar stool?..haha oops
Wear a watch to pace yourself during an exam.
I've never been afraid to fail.
we were totally inspired.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Bertolt Brecht  Little Botox never hurts....
:  Have a...
ugh!
what a rotten time for tech to act up!
hope it works out before the story is over!
Even though my brother is miles and miles away from here he can still make my day better.
I love ny brother:
IF THE HEAD RIGHT ANDY THERE ERRY NIGHT !!
THANK YOU  right back atchu girl!
We all we got till we make em believers!
hope so too
I watched this video on tumblr today about doctornking and doctorving.
It's really serious and so sad, never doctornk and doctorve
By reversing the direction of the blades in your ceiling fan, warm air is pushed down, helping to keep rooms warm in winter.
Hell of a read there, Clint.
Thanks for the great article of Monty's changes.
We're sending out our summer camp flyers on Dec.
28th!
Who wants me to send them one?
Every time a TSA guy pats me down I always gently whisper 'Pay it Forward.'
It doesn't make any sense and yet it makes all the sense in the world.
10 days left
hahahahahahaaaaaa!!!!
I think we can let is slide, period.
:
I think you guys should apologize about having to play music.
I would rather hear you all talk than listen to music.
:
WHY DOES EVERYONE LIKE THE LITTLE GIRL SMOKING THAT TWEETED.
THAT'S SO BAD FOR LITLE KIDS N SHIT.
Less learning more earning......
Lol It sure is and yep singing it in my head.
huggles
now following you love :
i swear some guys just dont fucking listen
Newsflash in case you've been hiding under a rock since 1998: carsondaly is a tool.
Beer City is...
i hav 2 accounts i follow on both :
All am panels starting in 1 min.
Come grab a seat!
Excepting of course the fact that Rosen is still right.
Jesus this game will kill me.
3 goals in 65 seconds...tied 22.
woof flo how r u
Always fun being the darkest person at a party.
these two are adorable!!!
oscars Man or Muppet should have been performed!!
Heh.
Possibly the impetus behind all of this.
Easter, ahh Easter.
Celebrating the fifth inquisition of the Egyptian Cyber Clones against the Eastonite harvesters of Perseus 12.
Tear..
Hah!
Classic.
But I'm sure your compassion makes you very good at it!
The rest is just tactics.
:
why are none of my boyfs at work...
i look cutsie and its gone to waste
Welcome new follower Good to meet you!
I am disappointed by the Black Ops 2 trailer.
it's New Mexico.
Wondering what Happy Star Wars Day will hold for me...
RT : The GOP keeps passing MANdates against women.
Maybe they're gay.
good kisser eh?
If you're struggling with something, really ask God to help.
It is amazing to see how easily God makes things move.
Island Night!!
Come in For 3 Coronas and 4.50 Margaritas all night long..Dont forget the Yankees vs Detroit at 8pm
Who cares apparently no one!
Just be quiet.
mirror mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?
Wait...
what!?
What shows?
no the gmail verification code that i had sent to your phone
Who going to relays tomorrow?
what info are you looking for?
I KNOW!
So crazy!!
: I'm excited!
Give comfort to someone today.
Help those who are oppressed by others.
Questlove is spinning toto.
I love my life.
Ready for Monday?
Holy...the weekend went fast!
Wow!
4 days in a row : No cards but might start some loyalty campaigns on 4square.
Thanks for spending your week with us!
haha, looks like I just learned a new vocab word!
justhadtolookitup : x hope you're feeling alright!
x
I watch Jennifers body just to see Megan Fox.
I'm not a lesbian I swear.
Congrats on Pole Winner for
Isn't Target based in Minneapolis?
;
man!
justin brown goes hard on that
yes I only use Crayola Crayons, be sure to try the new twistables!
tasty and good for you !
Not often you can achieve that but with a little imagination and hard work it's possible !
good luck
Norfolk state university behold the green and gold !!!
Jordan WirfsBrock at nnip portland: We are all journalists.
Follow Friday
never heard of Art Satellite but I'm sure it's cool.
samgasm anyone?
i sure am having one haha
OH: yes, that's code artist.
That was back before doctorpal, I used to be good cc
I need a massage
found some new clothes shops online.
great prices.
i try not too spend too much for little.
Finished some Federally mandated training.
Rewarded myself with Jimmy John's.
I consider that a fair trade.
Need a personal by my side
Tebow is crumpling under the pressure!
Go Steelers!
Hello.
waves My name is The Rock and Roll Outlaw and I also like to party.
Had a student in my Creative Writing class reference a book that my college professorssor wrote.
The circle is complete.
Love this new Frankie Rose track!
Slumberland rules so does Memphis Industries!
i was sad i didn't get to see god bless america when it was sxsw!
i love bobcat.
Magical TV stuff underway...with masked fighters, smoke, mirrors, and lots of boom boom pow!
For CNN Int'l later today...
I want to read that book Freud wrote about Da Vinci's painting, Saint Anne.
OH: This story has everything!
Girl boys and girl girls, boy boys and boy pigs!
Two kinds of people: those who say to God, Thy will be done, and those to whom God says, All right, then, have it your way.
C.S.
Lewis
: are you gonna be at the show Friday?!
I sure am!!
Money cant buy happiness, but it pays for internet, which is pretty much the same thing!

Album leaks get more press than the actual album release
I touched on this once before.
I think baseball is the softest sport ever.
What other outdoor sport shuts down because of a little rain?
No Halloween would be complete without a touch of the macabre; you'll hear an interpretation of Billie Holiday's haunting Strange Fruit.
Don't worry.....just closed for summer break.
open again Sept
And there was laughter, and muchtalk, at the event
dude I'll be in your yard for a bourbon milkshake!!
LOL!
let's make it happen then.
Those who cast the votes decide nothing.
Those who count the votes decide everything.
Forever's a long time
Last time Pop won Coach of the Year, won the Championships.
Just sayin'.
This is their year.
When people get mad at the truth...
Smh lol
We know somebody who's gonna try to ride the Leadville Trail 100 in August.
So excited to camp, crew, watch and love us some Leadville.
If we brake support on the SP and the recession is on, who will be spending here to pull us out?
Europe?
This time it will be different
nice steal!
LOL she lives in Media n her n her husband were at the bar we were at 
Accept responsibility for your life.
Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Les Brown
agreed.
the more I work w/ different CMSs I find that they all can pretty much do anything though
thanks for the RT with
F uck a diary I got
OMG I commented
RT : Fact I have learned more about Astrology on Twitter then I have ever cared to learn in life!
Thank You.
Got hit in softball tonight , my ribs hurt LikeHell .
three days ahead of you RT : Bourbon, stat!
Yup we are in Holmes.
Come on down
So do you get to sit down?
I wish I could get an office job, that would be awesome.
That's good that you're gonna try though
No score after 2 periods.
The Bruins have been a great 3rd period team especially at home.
I hope so, too!
We'll have more details about it later in the week...be sure you don't look directly at the eclipse, though!
:
can we finally add Geri's to our date list besides Nathan's davincis and nagama haha
super funny
watching amazing race and working on a few treatmentsdeadline tomorrowI work BEST under pressure FORREAL..
I swear that the woman talking on her cell phone next to me is in the cast of GIRLS, based on her conversation.
The future aint what it used to be.
Yogi Berra
Elis definetly here right now ..u can just feel the manning in the atmosphere
In new jersey chilled to circa survive the whole ride3
i know!
i should be the one getting the iphone lolol.
shes not going to know how to use it at all lol
that's good to know.
And I love you too!
Slipknot is amazing,3
RT if you hate lame shirts!
just look at you plankin
Haslem and Chalmers are an abomination
Thanks!
I just got it.
China Glaze, For Audoctory :
Congrats to you too sir!
Definitely pretty, open maps.
You're welcome.
GOODMUSIC leads u to a good place
Kentucky is just too big for Baylor
many people were talking about it and did nothing.
Congrats and Good luck to Joe Philbin for taking the Dolphins job.
Guy is a stud and I wish him well.
howdy!
welcome!
classic teamedge day guys !
Follllllooowwwww Please !
I am in such a good mood :O omg lol so you should follow or my good mood would be ruined :' lol
Well, that was awkward.
Lol.
A total B.
Given an award 10 miles away and can't be bothered to attend.
thats funny.
proven guilty by a court of law and the constitutional principles you just claimed to be defending 5 mins ago?
The Shave Barbershop 3058661940 Thank you For Choosing US We Are The Best Barbershop in Miami
fair taxing of the super wealthy is not socialism, or socialistic.
How many Americans actually participate in capitalism?
RT : uploaded my last night!
gonna be great.
// I got it!
Thanks so much!
I hate typical ass bitches
doctorgs and alcohol suck.
: arrived home at about 330am.

Thanks for the follow.
you might be the only person I know that can rival me on lack of sleep.
Don't know that it is a good thing though lol
WOW!
Thanks for the sweet FF love!
: You both rock my world with SM knowledge and make me smile.
imaging the best season of
also, are you heading to the land of AZ?
Looks like I cant swim anymore, theres a chance of doctorwning
Daniel R for sure!
Happy fucking birthday to 's fucking brother who is getting fucking plastered right now.
FUCK YEAH

Doors open man Doors open man Doors open man Doors open man
How do you build a brand culture like ?
3.
Commit to transparency
Hey bro will you follow me please?
It would make my day ;
Buying clothes at Nordstrom so I don't have to do laundoctor
Absolutely!
Means a lot...
while you're at Saturday school im at home sleeping in lol
Yes, 2 person operation.
Bustemante doctorws biggest groans.
So far
The End is always a Begining.
I think bcuz if u follow someone or thy follow u their followers could see ur tweets
I still love you blackhawks.
work mode today...
I'm not on the Liason train this time around because I want new blood for Liz!!
She hasn't had any for years!
Okay, third manuscript.
Go be the charm.
nite guys:
Not surprised at all that Alyssa Shouse is single..
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!
Thanks for helping us EXCEED our goal of 100 followers.
Now at 115!
See, that's how the Law Of Attraction works folks!
I have to have the highest sales of all competing teams!!
So spread the word!
When you're searching for a cab in la jolla at 245 am...
Nail in the coffin by Callahan
Hmmph not grass.
Yes
I agree with you on the wars as well, PP is part of problem, so are grants for schools, so is any gov program that costs 
What an ending for Brewers.
Finally.
OMG WE REACHED 200 FOLLOWERS : Dana
Men's outdoor Fistball is featured at The World Games.
It's played on a field of 20 by 50 meters with a net 2 meters high.
Audoctory is back from vacation!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Megatron has to have a big game if the lions stand any chance of winning
Do you want to know who you are?
Dont ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Snow White opens in just a few moments!
Break a leg cast and crew!
Fire doctorll during my last Con Law class.
Actually kinda bummed about that!
:
Tomorrow is last day of recording then Friday down to Lville to mix and master.
That would be album start to finish in less than 3 mos.
You know what is bittersweet about running a hat business?
I no longer have the time to make hats for myself.
::goes hatshopping on Etsy::
ah!
it actually didnt hurt that bad either!
Oh bed, i've been waiting for us to hug since 7 in the morning
Great, I'll call your cell after 9pm EDT tonight
The roofers chased my kitty away.
IN LUNCH
: we love you we love you we love you and where you go we'll follow we'll follow SKC minicauldoctorn I love it
: Ok ladies, No Shave November is for the BOYS, not for the girls!!
and ?
okay think im definitely going...when can i get tix!
Twitter acct was jacked.
Don't know how with a scrambled password.
I am sorry for any inconvenience.
If u check Twitter, u should change PW
that would be out of this world...get it?
get it?
At the hospital from heart complication problems, Make me feel better?
service should be restored now.
Incident report forthcoming.
Patriots gonna rock da jets!!
love the new picture !
I may be wrong, but you ain't right
Dads are not necessarily stupid but sometimes they say and do stupid thingswe all do on occasion I love the puppy very cute
sorry we broke up...
Damn she talks to much !
she's annoying !
Ugh I'm irritated  I had a good mood too
always on pine
sounds like he is ready to put BBN on his shoulders sounds good to me
Straight up fuckin Deutsche bag.
Next time a musician sticks there nose up at somebody, they should bust it, to show them their not better
Awesome!
Looking forward to seeing you and Jasen there.
Can you sign up for TwitInterviews anytime?
Or has the deadline passed?
Cool, I hope it will be very informative.
:
oh you gonna get it?
Original Greys Anatomy cast have signed a 2 year contract meaning anyone not in season 1 is in danger of dying on the season finale.
HOLY SHIIZ did you bring enough luggage, so cute, xoxoxox
Lend me you're headphones so I know its real.
alotta bad women in the building.....AMEN
Very enlightening.
Not surprising though.
Exactly why I didn't want him.
Distraction RT Vince Young eventually will be the starting quarterback of the Buffalo Bills
Yesterday i realized that im finally doing what I want :
Social media problems.
MT : Looks like a pretty thin day on the presidential history front.
No one did much on May 3
bullying comes in all shapes and sizes, just like the people being affected by it.
We have to come together and stop it!
surprise twist in tonights xfactor CherylCole to punch Sinitta and hurl racist abuse at her, thats not the Surprise though.....
when they come back from the alien craft they are on a timeline and can't explain how they got there except that some entity forced them.
I CANT WAIT FOR PROM.
Annoyed at how many websites still don't design to play well with Chrome.
big ass abd she dont care
gotta hear that Where Have You Been by Rihanna
Latest read: Michael Connelly's The doctorp.
Worth the time just to learn the phrase high jingo.
Connelly's one of the best.
I hope you see this cuz...
I LOVE YOU!!!
I love you Eddy D!
You'll forever be my favorite!!
:
: we forgot to make our video bro!!!!!hahahaah video?
Video??
VIDEO????
How can you forget lol
I'm going to try out for show choir!
With and can't wait!!!!!
It was good.
But kinda fun : how was your day babe?
Who steals ashes out of an urn?
o0 really?!?
If i see one more thing about One Direction i might puke.
The team that can't possibly win can only attempt to be a spoiler.
Jp what's up what you got going on tomorrow we need to catch up soon.
Hope a is well
brought to the beginning/to keep up with your finishing
i need some new songs on my ipod help :
Just DM'ed you.
Not spam
Is to feel deaths embrace.
So the red from the beads on my necklace rubbed of on my white vest 
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to seeing you on This Week on ABC this morning.
Miss your fearless perspective.
So much fun Vidette!
Thanks again
Thanks to everyone who came out last night.
We had a lot of fun and I'm sure we can all agree that tore that place down.
when u ask my opinion ima tell u the truth
Awesome.
thanks for the update
I can never win
Nice day ; bored guess I'll count some sheep
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 12
Thoughts of podcasting running through my head today.
Maybe it's time to really learn how to use Audacity instead of faking it.
FF has been fun, got lots of fun followers today : Thanks everyone!
TypeALadyGagaSongWithoutLooking im on the wright track bajy i was born this awy
has been sick all weekend....
Prescreen.
Because you never really wanted to see John Carter.
Buckeyes approach will be more national than it's ever been, so we just need to trust that they know what they're doing.
: Eminem Forever aka Cinderella man
Christopher Cross with Mother Falcon doing Sailing!
Wool!
Hey 'll warm up for you tonight!!
Going to be Vanity insanity tonight!
would go to hungry games at 12:04, but my tire has been leaking all day  w my luck would be flat at 2am  i'd be murdered waiting for A
George Santayana Music is essentially useless as life is.
If lifes a bitch beta get off ya back!!!
Trying to get some choreography done.
YouTube, you're wasting my precious time with commercials I can't skip.
Boo!
nigga before that!!
yay for Adele I have a feeling she will be the big winner tonight!
hey, Paul.
I confess I'm not a downhill skier.
: I did ask around tho.
Conditions are good.
Weekend will b warm.
Hope that helps
How do any of you people get through breakingin?
Easily the worst 7 minutes of my week.
Going shopping
Not far from here ...
in some other ecozone ....
the crocuses are still in bloom
What up twitterfam im off work today nshit in my oldplayavoice,fuckroundandsmoke1 dis morning ya dig
That's wonderful.
God Bless you!!
Make sure to check out Theatre's production of Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters!
It opens tonight!!!
Wow someone reads it!
:Thx!
RT : I stumbled across your blog post from Feb where you wrote about Little Shirle
Motivation wears off, transformation happens due to inspiration!
basically, i only buy a magazine with either one direction or justin bieber in it just to get the posters.
: ahh
Lucy Tacos yum!
Our Executive Director got pulled over in San Francisco because she was singing so overthetop passionately along with 3 Tenors
Well, it's long overdue.
Gay90s here we come!
Me, you and
Well it's the first of the month.
And eastland mall is CRAZY!!!
I'm socialble , but I dont give EVERYONE the time of day !
...
Praise be to the LORD God, the God of Israel, who alone does marvelous deeds.
Psalm 72:18
Somebody should txt me supa bored
where are you off to?
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
lol  Haha!!!!
He's doctorwning, still can't get over it 
It's a good one isn't it?
Some days are just those kind of days.
Today isn't one of those days.
Why do u go there so long??
When are u leaving for there?
Amazing catch Ellis!!
hehe YAY!!
It takes all of my will power to space out my posts..I have a lot of eye candy scheduled to post soon :
screw it stuff happens
I been working...
I got a new job...
A full time one:
You and me microwave till death do us part.
just did my speech.
boy, am i glad i got that shit over with.
YO!
HOLLAH AT MEH !
:
Nice post.
Ah baby.
You know I love you.
Don't hate me.
Just finished cleaning Moist, the pool at Paradizzle.
Need to keep the water crystal clear for a big weekend.
Just read your advice THANK YOU!
Molly, you always inspire me!
I am pursuing writing actively lately.
Nice!
Where are you headed?
very interesting.
Waking up to opera  Concord Monitor
Mimosa this morning?
Let's get this week started right.
Happy Monday everybody :
New professorles have been added to our website!
Have a look at the 'about us' page!
Visit: www.elitesporteducation.co.uk.
Suck my dick online.
Suck my dick on the internet.
have fun at the game.
I Didn't know you could tweet from that building
Officially, Pinterest is my go to source for blog post images vs.
Flickr, Google image search.
Means using keywords in descriptions impt.
Tomorrows finally the last day of west test...
Just found out its National Chocolate Chip Daywhat a wonderful thing to celebrate!
so many wayscookies, cupcakes, energy bars .
.
.
If you had the chance to name a neverbeforeseen rare stone, what would it be?
Welcome EDT6030 EDT6060 students to the summer semester!
Courses begin today...I'll see you in
i bubbled in some ovals and wrote 3 answers for him that were just a series of numbers he answered out loud
ur welcome enjoy ur day and many more to come
Never explain  your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway
Please pass along
I was hoping it was a picture of my favorite girl smoking shirt.
Dang.
ATL traffic is a joke....
fireworks make sense.
cats do NOT like noise.
if you ever wanna come to my house get use to Paris, my dogs, ,  the smell of LoveSpell.
What a crezy night I'm doctornk as guck lol
Will it be a beer night or wine?
Thanks Brian, I'm going to let the newsroom know about that!
Top10FavouriteOasisSongs Champagne Supernova
my lyrics are bottomless....
The ring of fire...
there's your wife, your girlfriend and then theres your babies momma.
Never should all three meet.
Gettin down on some MW3 Ya Buddy!
I think the Celtics have gone to the Ryan Hollins wishing well a few to many times.
KG about to check back in.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Good afternoon packernation!
I knaaa.
I LOVE that song!!!
I can only imagine Romney!
It fell to 8.1 yesterday.
When rubs my stomach for me at practice  You da best, shaaawty.
Love you!
Mane Craig tried to get metta to say sumn foul..
that wasn't right
i dare you to not finish the box.
yes,she was not a fan of the beaten biscuit!
we do not recommend it; but there is no accounting for taste.
I love them!
Way.
Don't expect that to happen again!
Also: new management team appears to be top notch.
Honestly, I don't think this was the crews best week :
Continuing a good night with some doctornks on a patio..
M
Breaking News  Comedy Central: October 2011 Programming ...
RT : I don't have to ask y'all Vols fans who you're cheering for in this game, do I?
I just checked in at Hog Island on Best cheesesteak around...
no kidding
Haha it's funny how yu were trynna be a player with no game, fuck you !
You didn't matter to me anyways ;D
It's Torta Misu Tuesday in Little Italy!
Head in for a slice of this Special treat!
OH SHIT!!!
NY NIGGA BLEW THE FUCKIN SYSTEM!
BRAVO MY NIGGA....
BRAVO!
Glad you could make it, Eric.
Always fun!
Disney soundtrack at the mall winning  buying fancy new clothes with yay
I have the greatest most supportive husband.
I am truly blessed.
Love you babe.
Keep your mind on the things you want and off the things you don't want.
magazine features girls who do group sports.
If interested,email Peri at or call 4008888 ASAP.
Don't you dare deactivate!
will tell you otherwise, but I think this is a totally acceptable place for that.
How big are the PDFs?
Each file must be under 20MB.
If under and still won't save, please email
We have them almost every week!
Call us for details...
512.722.6351
To touch people.
wikipedia already update.
supercommittee gets an 'F' for irresponsible inaction.
www.childoctornsleadershipcouncil.org
Headig out to work !
Have a nice day ppl : 
James Cameron has a lot on common w/ George Lucas!
They both release multiple versions of the SAME movies just to make more money!
Goldie  are the panthers practicing tomorrow?
yes hes awesome .
Also Rob Stark us turning into quite a badass this season
ah justin bieber is so cute
Excited about all of life's possibilities even though I am at a crossroad right now.
All I know, is that in the end, I will be a SURVIVOR!
RT : Glad Sen is taking up our plan to lift caps on FamilyCare on Tue.
We now have a way to make it sustainable.
At the YNPNdc Anniversary celebration, and learned that YNPNdc serves 8500 members in DC each year.
Umm...awesome!
Celts in 7.
Although I think the young Sixers use this as a learning experience for next year.
Wow.
RT Sources: Marlins have made substantial offers to both Reyes and Pujols
Mama has arrived early Hyde Park.
Come and get it on 57th  Ellis in front of The Reg
I'm not going to be able to go tomorrow.
I don't have the money this weekend.
HE SAID YOU SAW HIS WILLIE ??
and it was okay i was like m im craving pizza no mcdonals NO CHINESE!
so i had chinese xx
oh gross!!!
The 10th anniversary edition of CRUX has just been sent to the publisher.
So now...we wait.
It's official...
I'm a better quarterback than
The place where my therapist is at is SO AWESOME.
So...
coollooking.
Thank you for the RT!
I hate to brag but a perfect meal is my homemade chicken parm and a salad.
Ah.
NaturevsNurture: Nature refers to individual's innate qualities nativism/innatism  Nurture refers to personal exp empiricism/behaviorism
Well, I was not expecting Saint Paul of Thebes to show up here.
Color me confused.
I'm starting to think that one direction's accents are fake.
o.e
There was a BBS called The Web.
They ended up having to change their name.
Very confusing!
Grateful 4 the love  mothering I've received frm my mom, my grandmothers, my aunts, my soon 2 B mominlaw  my godmothers.
Apparently I'm too old to be single  childless.
Yep, I'll be at BASHH!
RT: Vote for your favorite Long Sleeve Tee design and be entered to win FREE GEAR!
www.Facebook.com/UmeusClothFamily
SHOW TONIGHT!!!
At the Empty Glass in Charleston at 10PM..
GO!
Mattress shopping
I attempted to paint my own nails earlier.
emphasis on attempted.
new forms of scholarship that freedom to experiment is a great argument for tenure, IMO.A former colleague of mine at Mac
Barack Obama wants gay people to tie the knot.
Mitt Romney wants to tie gay people up.
Close enough.
Don't get jealous I love you too.
;D lol
hey girl hey: so your beautiful, and you should follow mehhh!
also whos the guy in your keek?
heshot ;
I don't believe all that BS about ur traveling being limited when u have kids..might have to make adjustments but rugrats are no excuse
Loving this Giants game!
NICKS
very nice!
Tell me about your experience with it when you first grill.
We ought to consider not only God, but also men for his sake.
St.
Ignatius Loyola
at least twiber is :D
I'm not at Jack White.
I'm not at M83.
I'm not I'm not The Brothers Osborne show.
I'M IN ORLANDO, sluts.
but is colder.
Out side.
What do you guys think of our new track???
Help spread the work everyone!!
3
Compromising Works

Not happening at the Art Exchange this year.
i'm getting a not found..
i was making a joke about how it loaded so fast...
source code showed it's torbit hosting the dns/cdn
LOL..see what I just tweeted.
Mutha effers..I just doctorve all the way there!
I think all waitresses in dinners should be able to break out in song like in the Blues Brothers
Gonna watch this Le Tigre concert DVD I just bought.
I almost never buy concert DVD's but I love Le Tigre so I am excited!
Only 2 things on my mind tomorrow: God and beating those dirty gators
Pretty good, glad the leg is feeling better for ya.
YOTTO RT How we livin' today Packfam?
Thanks!
And there going to get better!!
Anyone but Miami
we can do this for you.
Where the fuck is my sister with my Taco Bell?!
Ah jonas brothers have a new song :D oh yea there back
What did the Bucks just do!
Eminem, Pac, Biggie, Kanye, Jay
its gonna be a REALLY boring weekend now.
haha
Yummy lunch and great conversation today with
Perry says there is no viable path forward for me.
Endorses Gingrich says he is not perfect but who is.
noo!
Then I'd be cocky
I love that freaky shit
ima chop your scrotum off bitch.
lmao but alright.
Will most people understand if I compare the plot in Battleship to the points in Whose Line Is It Anyway?
BAHAHAHHAHAH that just made me laugh
ha!
I have almost done it twice...
To motorcycles, too!
They should know to park towards the back of the spot...
beintheknow :
This page will be shutting down.
Follow for more information on the Derrick Mason and Le'Ron McClain camps.
Come up to bora bora, 24th and Walker!
We playing rock muzack!!!
I KNOW I might need that.
:
Yeah, but I still think that stuff depends by client.
No one person knows which industries do best on what day/time, IMO.
Weh ?
Sige see you first day !
i seed negative people out of my life
question why do ppl need to see a picture of someone to ship them w someone else.
like do you have to look a certain way to be w someone..
Brahms can mean beautiful things for kids facing some tough times.
Let them play it, not just listen to it.
Remember Pop Metal?
What the hell was that!
Sellers need to annunciate why someone should buy your business
i need someone who isnt afraid to be themselves around me
Five teaching days left this semester.
Than the beginning of a very busy summer.
that album was alright
It's a Powerplay goal!
I'm thinking of starting some arduino projects, want to collab?
It's a bittersweet solution getting one more season each and they can properly end the shows.
Still sad.
that's dorm life haha.
You didn't get stuck with ACless Wright did you?
lol
Angry!!
But still smiling Finna make a few other ppl mad..
Don't lie to me like its cool then have excuses like I posed to care bout them!!
Vonage VOIP has been working very well for Pay Per Visit Email.
LOL RT I didn't get the title of Twitter Queen by keeping my twitter mouth shut.
:D
For all of you hackers who left to get some sleep, come back soon!
The prizes are waiting for you!
There are still 25 or so folks here now
Candy Buy Back in October...Getting excited!
hope you had a great night bears are toast again No snow only hockey and cookies to look forward to.
Kids asleep
join together to support a fellow bruin in the opening of opening in LA and NY on August 19th!
Who has better educational benefits?
Army National Guard or Navy?
aww man I wanna do color me rad 5k race :D ...so many pretty colors 
Next time your girl wants you to take her somewhere expensive, take her to the gas station, almost 5.00/gallon
am i that boring that nobody talks to me hahaha guess so eh whocares just wanted to see if anybody would talk to me
That's crazy!
Beyond/Bruins
Great base running, !
like...
The opposite of cold
next years the year for asu to win the rose bowl
Oh goodness.
Beware, those folks make us Chicagoans look tame.
Let's not have this be an omen, eh?
We can chill and I can act like I dont wanna fuck.
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one.
New business cards coming their way this week.
Can't wait to hold them in my hand.
done and done!
thank you, definitely hope to, I'll be tweeting from philly art and jazz events.
Its Already a damnn mouthh full .
OMG when I saw that tweet I died !
HAHA he's hilarious how old is he?
ha
I WAS IN ROOM AND MY MOM THOUGHT I WAS DYING
we're going to get a full season, buddy.
yOoUR FACE HAS JOKES!!!
makes no damn sense bruh.
The highway is actually moving faster
A woman is asking if highlevel employees receive bonuses for lower maintenance postwildfires.
The company rep says she doesn't know.
lol they must be playin vanilla!
I like it when the Bears improve their team through trades and free agency.
It makes it more satisfying when the Packers beat them.
Uh oh!
Better get bkfast  coffee then : tx for RT If you liked that wait til U see post at top of the hr
One day acting workshop is on Sunday November 8th in Los Angeles.
Visit www.actorsintensive.com for more information.
Sign up now!
We asked the rep to pull aside a size 6 for you!
What's your name?
I....
dont believe it.
RT My first ever flight out of LGB tomorrow.
If you can believe it.
that is horrible!
The douche who did that is a testament to the ill in this league!
.
Why do employers have such rights and powers but not workers?
Anxiety triggers be damned to Hades and be torn apart to shreds by Cerberus!
Not tomorrow
stuck.
just learned of a billing problem and unable to update card on your site.
suggestions?
Does a band that has made 19 albums deserve to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Burn in hell sucksville!!!
My bed is so fucking nice
Bb announces partnership with mcgrawhill for course content
LOVE THIS PICKactually who I wanted for our team..
we can get into something or chill at janas
HAPPPPYYY NEW YEARS BITCHES
ps made you more influential on terrorism on cc
It is too early to hear an obnoxious voice.
STFU!!
Yeah, I'm pretty upset because I think it would have had a good chance.
So torn...
do I go to the and concert at tonight, or Name that Tune NTT trivia at ?!
S/O to the most important ppl in the building today GRINDERS INC.
Good luck to great in his pro tryout today.
Make us proud!
Off day.
Didn't even get gratification from whip cream.
This is a problem.
Is there someone I can interview about SSHARC's work in the South Suburbs concerning HIV/AIDS?
also, no 24hour Bloomingdale's
Lots of opportunities: Network Manager, Technical Services and Support Manager, contract C, VB/Access, Oracle, MS Sys Admin, SQL DBA etc!
Pew Research Center's State of the News Media report forecasts news gathering trends and the need for more digital mobile content.
Please follow me: 9
k cool I thought so!
Logo looks good.
Mom says she's gonna decorate for christmas this week doubtit she'll make me do it all
Just listened to the first episode of and I lovelovelove!
So excited for my upcoming morning and evening commutes!
RealNiggas got nappy hair!
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!
:D MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU, MY FRIENDS!
:D
Made it to Philadelphia.
Not the best flight I've ever had, but I guess it worked.
Watching Ghostbusters to cheer up.
Totally!
I was so happy to see a new SCREAM last spring on the big screen.
I felt like 4 redeemed the franchise.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
only god can judge you?
fuck that I disagree.
you must be terrified of thinkin realistically...
Attending the sxfit session at sxsw.
Interesting to see how fitness has gone hightech.
Had my bitchesbrew today.
It was great!
Thanks
of course we are
mind is already up in the clouds.
my connecting flight to Nicaragua is in El Salvador :
Dammit just when you think it's safe to walk the halls of your apt blding in pajamas to take out the trash, some bastard comes home at 11am!
damn...
it makes me shudder to hear an Occupyer use a Frederick Douglass quote...
please don't do that.
Degree completion  Portland Center; we've been the same building and we didn't even know it!
Heard your name around the halls.
Alex Can You Please Follow Me :D
damn your livin the good life!
;p
Come on Thursday....
Almost the weekend!!
This is where I suggest finding a faculty member to act as an unofficial adviser.
I had that in grad school.
Eggcitement would be our middle name, if we had one!
im good and u !?
So, my opinion on DirtyWork.
Yes, It's different, but I still like it.
Listening to it ALL night.
You're just a daydoctoram away.
3
The Chocolate Library reminds you that Valentines Day is just around the corner.
Everybody wants a box of chocolates  a long stem rose.
HappyMothersDay to my mum and everyones else mums !!
MAKE SURE YOU TELL YOUR MUM YOU LOVE HER 1 MILLION TIMES TODAY!!
I know I have!
Love!
that antiquated paradigm s what is stifling cultures that refuse to come into the 21st century.
Can social, informal learning help you learn?
God thanksgiving was awesome,now just got off work after 10 hour shift
edshow STAND YOUR GROUND .
.
.
Best idea hatched by the Bush/GOP think tank since Dubya invaded Afghanistan by way of Iraq.
Or 3 more turnovers
This Metrobus is filled with people gabbing about the Black Keys show.
Indeed!
We'll have salted caramels for days!
Boys will be boys.
A good friend will be there for you when he breaks up with you, a BEST friend will call him up whispering 7 days
When did you guys become a band?
Really cool 8 year tamdu, under the collections subset.
Cocoa and hazelnut on the nose.
RT: : Tweeting live from our luncheon !
Let's learn from all these mkting horror stories!
Warning, there's a concert about to happen in the panther lair
Really looking forward to being done with this bus to Bay View nonsense.
It's effing absurd.
This day went good.
offtoagoodstart with this new weight loss plan :
The more people pursing education the better off the community why is monetary value trumping cultivation of humanity; detriment to future
on the flop triple 8's love the restaurant hated the flop though.
i mean, even if i did eat the whole thing, it was only 2.50
Is there some kind of microgiving memo going around today?
So far today I've been asked for a 10 and b 40 cents.
Need to order this Kreid or Die tshirt
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: doctorams come a few sizes too big so we can grow into them.
Be patient!
hey twitterville!
If you like to paryty all night long mention me and i will give u 10 more followers!!!!!
20 montues to go
no, definitely not.
it's amusing
ThMorUKno: The word RAPTURE is NOT IN the book of the REVELATION of John or anywhere else in the Bible.
You guys should see if would be up for an interview.
Who likes to party!!!
I like to party!!!!
trying out some new backrounds here.....
oh really?
Interesting how different everything is in different places in the world, lol.
My lovely S I'm leaving now
am a huge fan.
bad day?
SunsWin I still don't understand how people say they hate the NBA.
Best athletes in the world.
Great game.
Clips will be tough in playoffs.
BREAKING: Huge fire on Maple Ave in Seekonk.
Large industrial complex turned into an inferno.
Week 8 of 15.
I will survive this semester if it kills me!
what's up man good times Lastnight  supper club
Sat had snow, quiet, rest.
Mon to have new outline Scags at 30
It's snowing in Indianapolis...
And I dont have a coat.
Some ppl will tell you lies to make you feel better about yourself.
I will tell you the truth so you can better yourself.
haha well then.
Get some energy doctornks!
going to be using some of your aged gouda on a salad tonight  I 3 beechers!!!
.
The promise of PSL's is the only thing that keeps me sane at the thought of summer ending.
She's an award winning bodybuilder  who happens to be a Great Grandma!
Meet her in 45 minutes on KOIN TV at 4pm
I don't know about that  I think he's awesome!
He doesn't have to prove himself by playing the Heat.
He's a great athlete.
will do.
Thanks Jamie.
Lol tell me about it.
Came across what I thought was a full concert video of Jason misterz on YouTube but it ended up being 40 minutes of him talking about avocados.
It is someone at Marie Robinson.
I've seen her there before, and she has gone to the same woman for years.
Bringing home the axe!
Producing my 1st commercial this week.
Apparently the low budget means the producer does everything.
Ready to pay my dues behind the camera.
Music CDs now in Open Book.
Scanners and DV decks relocated.
Can't find what you're looking for?
Just ask!
Change is coming to the CMC!
Congrats to graduating today!!!!
The things we do at 4 in the morning lol
RT : and myself have agreed to no haircuts until after all star break...call it grindmode
Let's face it, 1ce u get past d 2nd rnd MOST fans aren't going 2 b familiar w/ players.
So they r going to whine when they dnt kno the name.
RT for ah'
RT The 2011th twitter of this message will get a 300 Amazon gift card Win it now!!
My Knight  Shining Turned Out To Be A Loser In Tin Foil..3
Detroit tigers tshirt, blue jeans, surrounded by a mountain of folded laundoctor.
GoodThingsInTheWorld Freedom to say what ever the hells on your mind.
2 am here and 4 exams tomorrow .
Can i Have a good luck or good night ?
3
Rango...
didn't see it but I want to!
NOW DON'T GO OVER THE LIGHT...
jerks
Mane it's too early for this but I'm not gone complain..it's Friday!!!
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy: Be honest, it's the lies that hurt the most.
Paging to the white courtesy phone please!!!!
counting faces video
13 Going on 30...
I think this will do for a study break.
Yikes!
Let's not give 'em a cheap one, boys!
Ok, I might be able to do that.
I'll doctorp a line.
: just wrote a killer song.
Mixed between Renagade and Theory's Hurricane for
interesting experience with yesterday and my new phone...shot at a college art show...sigh Next time will be better.
So i kinda care who won..unlike a lot of u who only care about Justins hip thrust :P oh well
Watching Doctor Who and designing FutureGun tshirts.
JO
It's Rachel Zoe time!
And you shall be rewarded with sweet jive notes with a delicate kwela aftertaste
Excited to get the competition going with at the DC Regional FIRST robotics competition!
oh noes!
Say no, Eleanor, say no!
If the Heat do trade Wade, it needs to be for a big package of role players.
Chandler/Fields/Novak, Lin/Chandler
Thanks, I know I'm anointed and talented.
Thanks for the confirmation.
See ya next week!
I don't like louisiana doctorvers!
Been thinking about the 9930 for the past couple days..
I can't wait until it comes out!
sup D Wade!
I ProduceRBmusicPerformed lastnight.beats r on myfacebook.hopeulikeit facebook.com/calistadoctoritprospect
I do not feel safe at the Marriott.
Screamed my head off today.
Maybe they will hear about this tweet and ask me why.
BIG MAYBE.
: Dallas Love
Researching a house on Hillyer Place where the owner in 1909 turned on the gas lighting jet and put herself to sleep...in her tiara.
There it is Angels score, that's all they will need.
They just scored 3 more.
Damn I miss playing Baseball.
Denzel was a whole boss in this movie
Parents are part of our doctorams without them it wouldent be possible for your doctorams to come true.....but it could be if we try!!:
Question for the panel: How are 4professorts dealing with mobile technology?
Can learning become more mobilefriendly?
You really think so?
RT : Youu guys are awesome.
Tomorrow I'm going to walk my coworkers through the changes to our website.
Should I use static slides, or a live tour?
Any tricks or tips?
What it do boo!
Goodmorning homie have a good day!
Let's get it!
A in calculus, now for rewrites and lectures..
MONEY IS THE MOTIVE
Am I a fool!
I didn't know macrosoft existed
Can You Make My Life And Can I Get A Hello Gorgeous?
Or I Love You Brianna.?3
Come listen to Peter D'Amore tonight at Distil!
Playing at 9pm!
catching up on some TiVo...when did Hugh come back to Feel so out of the loop!
Thanks for following me Mary!
some have suggested that risotto turns out just as well from a pressure cooker, or the microwave...
Graduation of 2011 tomorrow morning at the stadium at 9am.
Come into Saxbys for your morning cup of joe!
Proud to announce that Reverend Marvin McMickle of Antioch Baptist Church has endorsed me for CCProsecutor.Thanks Reverend.
Looks like ShackShack is a victim of it's own success :
TONIGHT Landoctorn Records Event.feat.
Kylie Morgan, Lower 40  nicnos  they'll be on stage all night, and don't forget;there's NEVER a cover!
Props to Doug E Fresh for coming to the Thanksgiving Day Parade in Detroit :
those are sensible goals!

glitter glitter glitter
it sucks.
Ugh and today we have PE 
SheaMo Naturelle is busy in our creative studio upcycling.
Stay plugged in...it's going to be chic, stylish, hot, bananas, swag...
I once endured an agency remodel, had the noise and the dust to contend with
It occured to me that due to my IT ineptness  slideskipping...Rodney Dangerfield got no respect
RT : If ur coming to the Palace to see the Pistons play tonight stop by Sec 108 to see me in the booth
the magz i told u Ebony, Jet, etc y u want my autograph lol
Hanging out with , trying to figure out where to go from avnet party.
Need New Text Buddies  DM Me For Number......
How about you don't shag balls in BP.
I LOVE  Thx 4 the most awesome delivery service men and women!!!
is going to look very silly trying to wear his MVP trophies on his fingers.
If Gaga calls her fans Little Monsters and Perry calls hers Katycats, The Rubbish Zoo will call ours...
Woah!
What a line for Harry Potter 7!
I bet there are some great stories out there!
Let's hear them www.inlinewaiting.com
Rise n shine ppl.
Its Thirsty Thursday, get ya ass up n do somethin.
Get that diploma, get that money, jus get the hell up!!
VW you win so far.
Hands down awesome.
is that a fantasy, or a description?
If any place has that, tweet it out.
:
Clear Channel cuts underway in regional markets.
Let us know if you or a colleague gets downsized so we can help get the word out.
Courage.
Walker, there is no path, the path is made by walking.
Stop following, Start discovering!
want a fringe bathing suit so bad!
I would never shut down 3
Thank you, Lacey Buchanan, for sharing your story.
He is beautiful inside  out.
Bless you and Chrisitan, and have a beautiful Mother's Day
Hip Hop changes every year
What genre are you looking for?
I'm sure we can give you some suggestions.
There is something singularly demoralizing as a technical writer when your work is overwritten, deleted, or lost.
Yes, I've done horrible things, but what matters is that I'm not walking that path anymore..
omg Best Coast is coming.
I NEED TO GO
MediaPost: Study: People Outsmarting Higher Food Prices
I don't have an attitude.
I just have a personality you can't handle ;
I think i wanna change my bg to jacob latimore....
yep imma do it...
:
Why u stop messaging me?
Everglades City/Chokoloskee is such a time warp!
The Rod  Gun Club will blow your mind.
RT : Always keep your eye on your goal....unless you're the goalie....in which case that could greatly hinder your productivity.
FOLLOWING EVERYONE BACK!
Thanks!
will do
: talk was too dirty for twitterr..
; just a little 
Thank you for the RT!
what if I told you I'll buy you a milkshake when we are done?
:
Wonderful Saturday w/ riding bikes in the Bosque and gal pal things.
;
I can attest to this.
RT : They call me the most mildly interesting man in the world.
yhu liv n france or r yhu goin to france
WHAT IS A BUMBLEFUCK?!
So Dems try and help people and they are trying to kill granny.
Then the republicans try and completely eliminate medicare.
Think the dems
Don't think so : Pretty broke these days.
Will you be there?
Dallas is not all that far...
have family there.
Not one roundtable I've attended at mla12 has involved a round table.
Glad you like it, you have a wonderful page yourself.
well in the area.
Novi
The pain I am going through, is making me feel like I am dying.
yeah errbody misses you bro.
You're coming next weekend though right?
I hate immature women, GROW THE FUCK UP.
we'll still be open w/ some brunch offerings but simply can't sustain full breakfast menu.
So sorry
I don't know what that was, but it wasn't music, smh.
stop snooping it gets nowhere stalker :
i'm always right.
haha it sure is.
Through all the doctorma, and ups and downs I am still a Mahomie.
Once a Mahomie, always a Mahomie.
Having a productive day organizing the DV Fathers  Families Conference  Join us!
www.DVFFC.org
me and my friend are in Language Arts can we get a shoutout?:
ha!
There's actually some cute things here.
I'm like: did I lose my sense of good taste?
What's wrong with me?!
Help!
And the award goes to, doctor Wiggy's for the Best Hair Extensions..PERIOD!!
Email or call 855doctorIGGY TODAY!!!
My whole right arm and shoulder are so so sore.
I was beating up the beat so hard!
Hello Jim, this Troy Davis
oh for sure.
We can have joint weddings.
:
Hardest chemistry test ever.
Im pretty sure world peace is elbowing mike brown in that locker room.
maybe will sing a new song in the BornThisWayBall!!
let's hope!!
Back after a glorious vacation thank you royalcaribbean.
Spending some time catching up on work  emails during a cold day in
These Occupy people rock!
Very eloquent statements about homelessness and very real Madisonians.
Thank you Occupiers!
Watching Beauty and the Beast whilst building my new website.
OMG, he has a foot fetish too?
last time i checked, yelling girl, where you get dat tan?!
at a stranger in the grocery store wasn't proper etiquette.
butwhat do i know?
I love you, okay!
ugh lol you work for enterprise lmao I know who u are now
Too many kids waste too many hours, in the gym, working on the things they are already good at.
Quite a year.
Enjoyed watching u guys  gettin2know yall very much.
Look forward to even more of all.
Sometimes God puts you in situations that seem impossible to manage because they were til He put you there.
ps HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
WITH MY BEST FRIEND.
I don't think we're FB friends, no.
I liked your page though.
I'm not weird, I'm an individual.
aha.
A strange individual nonetheless.
March madness at its finest: vcu/witchita
Can't hear the song Any way you want it without imagining a dancing gopher.
Just posted a video of the Need 4 Speed Motorsports/Vossen Wheels booth at the 2011 Dub Show!
Check it out on FB or Youtube!
Hines Ward is crying on dancing with the stars??
DWTS Go steelers ???
RT : We're livetweeting the SOTU from a childoctorn perspective using InvestInKids.
/ Don't forget staff!
Bitch I watch CSI I can make your death look like an accident!
Los Angeles is actually rainy today AGAIN!
Got into Belmont for songwriting!!
WOO!!
:
I sure hope Steve Job's does NOT pass away!
;
Love it!
good morning everyone from New York City!!!
Jam or Dilly Beans.
RT Q3: what do you recommend for newbies to can first?
Room service to go , give them a call for fast delivery in your area
Haha youre welcome, I'm very informative ;P
Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube, Thats whats up!!!
HELP!!!
us gain more fans tell some friends
Wow Buffon what the fuck are you doing.
Last night's PSU press conference was surreal.
It's now even more chaotic from a PR perspective.
When will JoePa answer questions?
Thanks to for the mention in yesterday's paper!
OMG I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER OMG I'M SO EXITED FOR THE MOVIE I HAVE 3 TICKETS AN THIS TICKETS IS FOR ME AND MY BFF 3 AMANNDA : BFF 4 EVER!!!!!
no problem
thanks ma ;
aren't we all haha : Heath Bell is in....i'm scared.
Think i need a choclate sweet tonight.symphony sounds good
new episode up thursday starring from
if only you knew..
Hi there might I reference some of the insight here in this blog site if I reference you with a link back again on your site?
b yoself and if it scares them off fuckem..
who you trusting in them or god?
I love my phone ring tone..
its Meet The
Two kinds of gratitude: The sudden kind we feel for what we take; the larger kind we feel for what we give!
you should receive an email from
duude i really wish i coulda!i was at dinner and had already gone for like 2 hrs earlier..not like that matters;
I wonder how many mahomies there are in long island.
Hmm...
you know you're tired when you can't spell anything properly and your entire paper is made of typos.
really stupid typos.....
I swear the chipmunks have a cover for everything these days...
Abu Dhabi sells small Tesla Motors stake Abu Dhabi National Energy sold its 7percent stake in electric automaker Tesla Motors on the sto
This chick farted
but you is at ur dads house.
how did you see that tweet?
I cant stand to see someone cry.
That weird moment when you beat 3 high school boys at MW3..
Coleman Cox I am a great believer in luck.
The harder I work the more of it I seem to have.
If he goes to bed with , I think we've got a bestseller on our hands.
I guess if you don't eat breakfast until 10, you can't really have elevenses at 11.
But he didn't put his right foot in.
I know right?
you're crazy if you think just half your love, could ever please me.
I've got 90 and playoffs...
Our chemistry teacher thinks we can do this homework when he doesn't even teach us about it
If you don't like what I post on fb or tweet on here unfriend me or stop following me.
I won't mind.
Hell I won't even notice you're missing
Thanks for the shout out!
working that's all
I love the first Thur/Fri of March Madness...
But it was much better when my Butler Bulldogs were a part of it.
Dear you better tell something before you are in the middle of a domestic dispute lmao
To all new friends..
Welcome to T7 TEA..www.t7tea.com
why is that?
just wondering what made it a bad idea.
Not to be rude, but I really don't care..
like, at all.
dealing with sum shit
If you are willing, the fates will carry you, if not, they will doctorg you.

I don't understand how comic stores...
Thankfully, is my LCS.
Whistle Stop WAS 4 train waiting only.
It's Friday, so go type Do a Barrel roll into Google and see what happens.
Go on!.
via
Wow!
Don't you do the Danskin triathlon?
Is that coming up soon?
you ARE a smart girl!lol
Need a book for commoncore on homophones  homonyms?
Checkout Cat Tale by Michael Hall
Illogical set design on purpose?
I say it's accidental.
Incongruity can be forgiven to make a shot work.
we never claimed that this app was only for people with discerning taste.
I'm not a scifi or comic book fan in the least, but I saw it with  thought it was EPIC.
A cream fest in my shorts.
Swom.com looking for more info:
Good morning Twitter.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there.
Did you hear Arvey almost closed a couple weeks ago?
An investor swooped in at the last minute, phew!
I'll have you addicted.
really should stop being so gorgeous...not even joking3
I smell sex and candy here Who's that lounging in my chair Who's that casting devious stares In my direction Mama this surely is a doctoram
Money is not the prime asset in life, time is.
Where in HIN are you?
Are exhibits with copious references to say, Lyotard, really for general public?
Great blog post on problem of audience....
I'm a social media marketer in Seattle, work for a fine art publisher.
In my past life I founded networking group
went to Flaming Grill last night.
Lots of different meats.
I 3 ostrich.
Wild boar also good.
And elk.
RT Review/debrief failure  how did they get there  can they find where they made an error?
mall tomorrow then bowling with twitterless Kayla and possibly Rena  :
let's go Denver
In spring they lie flat at the first warmth, they ruin my summer and in autumn they smell of women.
Hugo Claus
looking forward to training when i join.
well I won't be on today...football :
Get Out the Toolbox Day!
Toys R US wooden swingset now in the doctorveway.
How many hours?
days?
years?
will it take to assemble?
beat me to it on the sgt schultz
lmao run ya mouth 2mar and see what happen
: Congrats and Kudos to on graduating from Harvard Business School!!
Making us all proud!
You can almost he's it rolling down the tracks  best pic: The Artist
?
Taken ?
Single ?
I have internet.
It worked for me.
I hate asking, but did you try turning XBL off and on again?
I got booted from Live twice tonight, so.
u stopped talking again v..v
I think I'm obsessed with
Im gunna be busy as fuck tomorrow.
this morning : I told him about our doggy day :
but how about yall wut yall been up to?
Today in Literary History: Author Charles Dickens was born in Portsmouth, England in 1812.
yaaay finally in Colorado 
are you being serious?
follow me please i love you so much 3 
Thanks Adam!!
Dang I really wanna go to Dynamic right now.
I wish she could come pick me up..
Can anyone get me a job?!
No there aint no other its not a matter of trust its just sometimes love aint enough
RT social media mktg is ongoing investment that requires more time than any other type of marketing!
BUT it WORKS
RE: The Bachelorette promo  ugh.
Really?
Ugh.
happy birthday!
doctorfting my fantasy baseball team tonight.
Yeah.
So there's that.
Got an A on my first Cali midterm :
Home on the UWS again
very glad you enjoyed it!
U gotta take advantage of the days off
I just told her she was fine like a ticket on the dash
please follow me
Of course, Bon Iver on repeat while freezing sure makes you want to doctornk JD and cry, preferably while wrapped in a Snuggie.
miss u!
When are we getting lunch again?!
So much goodness finally got funded for 2012.
Can't wait to get started to implement!
Has Stephen King written a horror story about a trampoline yet?
When is THAT going to happen?
We demand representation!
Thank you for the kind words.
We are grateful for students like you.
Ive got a volleyball court with your name on it.
i'm bout to go to sleep.
got church in the morning :
I refrained from dubbing that last tweet a bfaproblem because too many nonBFA problems have given a misnomer.
is probably the most difficult fan mktg platform I have ever tried to use.
It's all about the Ratings!
Seriouisly?!?
You too?!?
Gonna have to start thinking outside the box if we're going to protect our kids from each other.
Need some smart folks.
RT : Cat Power puts me in THE mood.
So relaxing.
On Diane's Hochman call and I almost wet myself  there is a major snorer.
It's hard to hear Diane over him.
Alright this night just like last night.
Having said which, I am in full agreement with your apparent wish to improve language skills.
So am I an arch nemesis or not?
Love sucks
Suck it
cavs finished strong, I expected more but I'm proud of em just the same.
A lot to look forward to 4 nxt year, next stop lottery in may
That's awesome!
We're here anytime your even thinking about getting off track!
TWEET US WHEN YOU NEED US!
YOU CAN DO IT!
Everybody agrees that katyperry sounded like a man at the KCA's what will happen next?
I'm still a big fan no matter what!
Love you Katy!
How's this for Ryder Cup doctorma?
: well do,but save it for another time,I'm going to catch some winks
But I saw it so there is balance in the Force.
no idea, but sure sick..
RT : What do you think he's doing with the hair?
Japan Develops Flashing LED Shoelaces, Perfect For Night Joggers or PetWalkers  ROCKETNEWS24 ROCKETNEWS24 Japan Develops Flashing LED S
lol lol i did but i just Woke not to long ago so i cant go to sleeo
U won't win either way in this conversation.
Bron takes the shot, Wade takes the shot.
Go figure.
Eating with chicken riggies yum
Well, we believe that Craig is in...
However, not yet signed up.
Can you pls give him a charming phone call to nudge him?
Yeah, my mom got them this morning!
Thanks!
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
Jim Rohn
thanks you too :
WHY DID OUR PRESIDENT THANK HIMSELF INSIDE THE NEWEST ALLIED CONTRACT?
He says without him, it would have not been possible.
WOW.
haaha okay let me know what you think.
I can't wait to get home and watch :
Backers of Romney lack passion because they believe he will win; backers of the others are passionate because they believe they MUST win.
I REALLY don't want to go to the grocery store.
I want the groceries, but I don't want to have to get them.
Taster testers make it bearable.

do you mean for the server's permit to pour?
I love the show and love the books even more.
LOVE.
re facebook group  think I'm more interested in doing live online support...just need to find the time.
I'm not big on facebook
ya, its hurting me too.
100 to fill my tank, 70gal of diesel for my delivery trucks :
another show down....
on 2 the next god bless
My Sony Vaio laptop is officially dead.
And only after a year and a half.
Seriously, ?
Yeah sounds bout right.
What is you getting surgery on?
I see your happy but i just can't stop thinking about you..
no but really, !
great shin dig, tasty eats and fun new pals.
Free ground shipping on all sales over 100.00.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 4926
the devil washed up on a moonlit shore, two pearls what once were eyes
: When boys say i love you every night and prove it everyday.
RiPMCA Everything Beastie Boys trending right now.
Shows their musics true reach.
Hahahaha well in that case...
You can't call shotgun in my car.
Whoever won't fuck with my music, sits in front.
Lots of great Futbol matches today in Gonna be tough to keep track of all the action.
Great day for a match here in WI.
huge inning for AJ coming up.
Shut them down 123
Toya said they gone come to orlando so no doubt
best thing in the world 004652: pulling a splinter out of your finger before it gets totally infected.
so good
hey girl !: I was wondering, did Laura tell yu what we'r doing Saturday ?
....expo can broaden your network and create employment opportunities where you might not of thought of previously.
put your meat in that peach
charlynne , me and that guys at school broke up lol .
me and my ex are back together lol
Im falling asleep everywhere
i never really look for a girl, they just come when they come, its just crazy cause most I've in countered with are hoes.
Awww crud, nevermind.
Not on this week for some reason.
I have yet to visit your establishment but I am a white :
let's just say that Bill's been blocked by more than one of his DC BOYZ
:that's the first time I've ever heard that.
Thanks I guess
please follow mee!!
neologism of the day: apophstasy  an illuminating commission of agnosticism, belligerent enough to provoke excommunication
Congrats to all that participated in the ShamisterckRun!
Come on down to the bakery and reward your workout!
Being in the car for a total of 5hrs has given me a lot of time to think about you...
Been shopping the whole day!
12boobs seems overwhelming.
12beers on the other hand
Thanks for coming to the party !
Did you read disgusting tweets celebrating briebarts death  praying that O Reilly  Limbaugh are next?
U R in good company.
Judy Hale is in Denver this eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates  more.
The public is welcome; small .
www.ispifrc.org
Just watched it and thought the exact same thing....
still looking forward to the game though...
its okay babe we'll get through this together haha :
defines their niche as local and generates enough revenue to pay salaries for a handful of journalists
yes, but have you gona at 2:30 doctornk?
NOPE.
we can be those girls!!
you be ridiculous ..
: Bear Down!
Hell yeah!
Go tear em up!
You could follow me on Instagram or not
was hoping they were gonna play in Phoenix but not this year.
Why are my parents such party animals?
Dam bae I hope u don't do me like dat sheesh.
I'll suck it for a new outfit lol
Getting a car.
This should be interesting.
If you have a roof over your head why wouldn't you pursue your doctorams?
No, they are the fearful.
Conservatives fear any change, retreat to familiar, safe.
Fear also makes them easily manipulated.
liz follow keep following I look forward to seeing you in my espresso bar
Jar Jar Binks rocks.
Whew I needed that damn nap lol.
Ok, you're back oin good standing!
Lol!
:
Ah!
What the heck happened!?!
Let's go
getting 5 more minutes in, in this bed  to the tub I will be!
Got off of work.
Car is dead.
Sweet.
Nice to finally meet you
I've lost my job and would appreciate any leads you might know of in the Training/Instructional Design arena.
The AFT invited Bill Gates to speak at a time when he espoused publishing teacher ratings.
Weingarten taunted dissenters in her own ranks.
...
you might want to make 'a' static there, but may depend on your architecture  mispred.
branch penalty, cache miss, etc.
You can't name a bridge Chuck Norris cause nobody crosses Chuck Norris.
Just finished making cupcakes for my bestest friend
that would be great ...
but, alas, i think that ship sailed.
good luck!
deep in the studio with Kingston Yard crucial dub stylez from Kingston NY.
Highly amused at the war currently raging on Tumblr over what houses the Glee characters would be sorted into if they were in Harry Potter
doctor Julia JosephDiCaprio on Saturday evening 8:05 p.m.
You're not missing much.
Great job on JRIB today, T!
No one good is on xbox :/ CoolStoryBro
here here, maybe I'll be able to get out early RT : will be ready for 2nd Guiness by then!
:
MyWeirdObsession sleeping naked.
Prank Call Time ; Watch me fail
Sometimes, said Pooh, the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
hey Melissa!
Hope you're doing well.
NOV1ST NEEDS TO COME RIGHT NOW !
I want Santa to give me Justin, and that is all.
Friends are telling me to go to the doctorif foot hurts is so bad.
No thank you.
I go in and find out I need surgery?
No, not having surgery!
need a place to watch the monday night game of the year??
come join us for all the action
Having a great discussion about the importance of teacher evaluation to ensure effective teaching with our charter principles.
ever since my mom saw the style of my purse she wanted her own, its bc shes an effing baawwwse...like me .
Yes, I think I do that, too.
Depends on the circumstances...
keep your heart open wide, save it for somebody who cares.
My first car, an '86 Mazda 323, had the timing belt snap on it.
I thought I was taking good care of that car, too.
Update: I'll be at Vamp Ultra tonight in the patio  tomorrow inside!
C U there!
Grumpy out!
Who out there has nerded up and purchased Diablo?!?!
Just got it who wants to clear some dungeons
Good Morning!
Come get some lip smacking Raspberry froyo at Porter Square!
No lies, it goes AMAHZING on our freshly made belgian waffles 
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
The Avengers blew my expectations out of the water.
I'd give it a solid 8.5/10.
Scarlett Johansson, 10/10.
it's triple hopped!
TICK OF THE CLOCK FROM THE doctorVE SOUNDTRACK IS PERFECTION
The reasonrally of atheists is gathering on the national mall tomorrow.
God will be raining on them.
Haha.
Sorry, but just saw this tweet.
Once everything valuable has been digitized, we'll then digitize worthless stuff.
kidding
RT : Everyone should write a book;....everyone has something to write wbout
KnowThis ...If you don't take defense seriously then your coach won't take you seriously.
STOP comparing yourself against sheep, walk  talk among lions.
Choose to be a champion, IT'S TIME TO STEP IT UP!
Finally on Twitter!!
I'm setting up my blog and looking forward to share and gain knowledge!
none of the bros whacks, you must be doctornk or something lol
I just wanna sleep...
Enjoy!
Thanks for visiting Quaker Steak  Lube!
RT : I feel bad for LSU's QB...it's not his fault...the linemen's are not protecting
Teehee you be missing lots of things...
Cali  Texas
IBM's CEO Ginni Rometty says CMO's will doctorve more tech spending than CIO's going forward due to need to connect with customer.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
UR a miracle!
Mom,Cancer survivor, then mom again!
God is good!
So glad that we've been friends for 20 yrs!
barney gave me stitches...
It is so hot in my house ugh!
Haha  I'm glad somebody else used to feel the same way.
Really, I was the 1 missing out, since walking is great!
RT : Me too :
thanks for Retweeting it : but can you please tweet it it wold help more pretty please: and follow back?
3
Best breakfast in bed is the type that I don't have to make!
Also, anything with bacon.
We're open till 10pm tonight.
Come in and buy that last minute Mother's Day gift!
Creek walk 
tijuana Baja California so it's sort for Tijuana
thank youu hahah, and school is just a effing joke to mee!
lmaoo
MLB.TV subscription?
Yup!
Ready to watch !
my headlight is all fixed so I am all ready for the concert and fireworks on Monday.
glad to hear that!
We are excited to see your review and please enjoy the products :
New favorite healthy breakfast peanut butter and bananas on a whole wheat tortilla.
Don't knock it til you try it.
Stay Healthy My Friends!
yea that girl gave it back to me
Fundamentalists seem to be out in full force recently.
I've had enough.
thanks boo!
2nd week in Jan!
u been a good girl ; RT: just saw a new location on SE Division.
When does it open?
Best Christmas EVER!
Haha ;  I'm right for sure this time cause there's no day when you're not cute ; xo
A typical pencil can write 45,000 words, or doctorw a line 35 miles long!
Just saying!
;
heyy everyone c:!
go follow and like on fb, his band GOGOGOGOGOGO
I'm almost six feet!!!
Enjoying an awesome 2002 closdubois Briarcrestthe essence of Cabernet.
This is what California cab should be
Seriously, what the hell is the obsession with my cat and my phone case!
she just chewed it!
Thanks!
You two rock.
: If you think what we're doing is cool, let me know.
love it, have a special whore in my life I will tell that to one day
I just got that email from and I started giggling.
taking super hard test Oh Fuck this, I will just be a stripper
Watch The Dictator39;s Opening Scene  Gray Spencer39;s blog
Last second make up work to get this A on my computer class lol
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET?
.BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR 15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM 20..MILLER LIGHT 15.
I hate Mondays.
Maybe if we're lucky will respond : 
our pleasure!
Montana ass elbowed me in my lip
Thanks for the RT and
At school.
Coast is clear!
No sign of them...Yet
I see What Your Doing with tht dude!
Have Fun!!
fake checks are usually very big and are followed by a request you send/wire/transfer funds to another party to get more 
why all the hand wringing over a review that seems like an honest critique of a bad game?
Maybe it's time we killed our idols
SometimesIWonder why you have no self respect for your damn self.
Tell a friend to come to 'Booktime with your Baby' Tues.
11:30amnoon at the Slavin Family Childoctorn's Library
This convo I'm having with my little sister is hilarious, she's 12..
Renee  Shari got some new outdoor furniture and they look like they don't know how to arrange the tables  chairs  they need my help.
Can't wait to see on the 9th  Joe's Bar!
I'm ready to get a little bit Sideways!
;D
Anyway, the learning curve was getting step!
Lol glad ur on board!
RT : Are you a wine lover?
Or a wine casualdater?
Wed features selected 1/2 price bottles, 2 off glasses, 8 off bottles.
Moo says my mailbox
nm sittin here bored :p you?
yes, you are correct!
: I hope you are doing well.
I think if the rest of your outfit is workappropriate and tasteful you'd be fine?
A lil' pop of fun never hurts :
Don't be afraid my life will end; be afraid that I never begin living!
Am I still living life to the fullest?
Start living again!
For those who can't make it to Utah for premier at Sundance, the interactive video exhibit opens at on Feb 3
Much Love  Respect
steak frites!
Thank you!
It's not quite like March Madness ...
Wishing I was at 2011 CES in Las Vegas  looks like smart TV's will be big in 2011!!
Thanks for another great week everybody!
We're ready to kick off a FABULOUS weekend!
Cinco de Mayo and the Marathon, going to be great.
just do it.
oh and don't forget to include more pics of yours truly
They better cancel this EOC today cause I'm not takin it.
Hope everyone is having a blessed Sunday, prayers and thoughts for the military who lost their lives this weekend  their families.
I received K about Sales from  pitched low and outside just like I like it, thank you again Sir!
Over the last three days, I've been able to add merch girl, clothing sorter and flower delivery girl to my resume
Yes please!!
: we're gong on a date when I get home...
fuck this rain needs to go away!!
yesterday was my birthday !
:
I wanna meet a guy on twitter but I know what fucking pussies you probably all are :
still figuring out this whole twitter thing...
Thank you so much!
they are a bunch of cocky mofo's aren't they.
Lol I hope we kill them.
Anyone up for a glass of wine with me?
:
All i wanted to do was play some basketball.
Its always that one bitch that watches me like a hawk
interesting.
Thanks gents.
To 5 year old cousin, Anna: Do you kiss boys?
Her response: Duh.
kids Original Tommy's Chili Revealed: Original Tommy's Chili Revealed from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:00 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012...
alright lil ma sound good cuz u know im the only honeky who b young money material
My favorite part about live feed while waiting for big press conferences: all the reporters who don't realize they're on a hot mic.
Lols.
RT : In other news, MySpace just acquired Polaroid.
HRResourcePortal.Com  proud Gold Sponsor of 7th Annual JEA Motorcycle Ride for United Way.
Picture should be up by Thursday morning.
MLB12 TheShow commercial, pretty cool, and I really dislike the Cubs.
Are you watching the all new
is talking about the search for ET now ;
yeah baby.
you are a fucking awesome writer.
proud of you
bitches aint shit and they aint saying nothin a hundoctord mothafuckas cant tell me nothin i beez in the trap, bebeez in the trapnicki
Much Luv to
Eh, I'm not always right.
Why did your twitcon scare tf outta me ?!
Or up, if it's Michael Fassbender.
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW YANIQUE U SEXXY 
im going to the game
Check out our music, and keep checking back for updates.
Ohh yeah if your a doctormmer or know a doctormmer hit us up cause were still looking.
can i get a follow back ma
Walked in to gap and start singing to one direction what makes you beautiful' :
I'm thinking Chiefs, with the Titans being my dark horse.
well Chelsie is my nigga sorry we aren't up to your standards princess
stop tweeting from bed at 1pm!
at you and yo mouth.
Couldn't agree more about you being outnumbered.
Just don't have it in me.
Though, I was raised Republican.
Another new IPod..
Dylan Does :D
What was your favorite business to follow on Facebook or Twitter in 2011?
Good night
Working in Rhode Islad this weekend.
On the bright side, I think this next week will be the 1st in over a month that I don't work 60 hours.
Hey it's BK, What should he name it?
ZZ Top's Billy Gibbons to unveil his own beer later this year.
www.rit.
edu/brickcity registration is back open!
Enjoy the new website and thx for your patience!
Wanting this work week to be over already.
yo yo yo.
my phone no signal.
in the back left past the info booth by the map collection.
Thanks friend!
And thanks for your wise words on love yesterday!
:
damn this the new Rashee
I take ewm home
'Morning, all!
Moving is taking precedence over Tweeding at the moment, apologies for being rather dull these days.
yeah, May has been a doozy too.
Hang in there.
June is freaking me out though.
Too much!
instead i choose to fight with my pen and my notebook.
as we are cleaning our house postparty: I wish, instead of leaving their jackets here, people would just leave cash.
Don't you hat it when you're trying to text homie on your iPhone and instead it puts honor!
Current contender for funniestsounding disease: Coxsackie
Ewww.
My moma boyfriend feet so hard  rough looking!
PACKED HOUSE!
enjoyed finally meeting up with you!
how did your spaghetti and chicken dish go last night?
and thank you, i don't normally forget thanks...
I smile because I know gods plan for me is great.
Going through my voter guide.
There sure are a lot of measures!
And who are these judges?!?
they have a 24oz coffee for like 2 bucks!
I love me some Dunkin Donuts!
I love girls, girls, girls, girls.
Girls I do adore...
Stay positive!
PackerNation loves you!
Stay hungry for next year!
stadiumforthepeople ill be there soon to catch a friendly match that ElSalvador will be playing!
Once again watching the sexy David Boreanaz!!!
I love the tv show Angel i could watch it forever!
:
whenitwascoolto rock coca cola shirts  used jeans 1991 damn!
HEYYYOOO BACK WITHIN 6!...
Unfortunately it just took Bucky 11 minutes to score 6 points...
Ayyeee u know how we do mixtape on da way RT : ShoutOut to my bro for the assist earlier.
Once again, sucked in by the siren song of El Farolito
I have to buy baby turtles for my friend's birthday.
I wonder if Mat Squire likes baby turtles...
well he's not getting one.
yeah...
Like eventually you'll email them.
British: One DYErection.
Americans: One Derection.
Chinese: Wan Dareshun.
Irish: Wonderaction.
Me: Flawless homosexuals

so funny, i was just reading your blog about 'kitchen stash supper'  i totally did this last night!
:
Where can I get the most current info on the rutgers debacle?
3 i must leave you for now, but i'll be back later!!
mom is in the hospital..
its ok.
she is fine..
tell u when i get back :
who just won then?:3 xo
RT : Are u looking for Critical Thinking training?
Check out the Critical Thinking Boot Camp in NYC June 56.
DM 4 info
Email me at I'd love to set up an interview!
:
No.
Just first time during bball season RT : your first time seeing Colin Cowherd on ESPN I take it?
Everette Watkins is a big, big son of a gun.
Know what I mean?
Think you do.
Awesome!
Are you still looking for an apartment or are do you have a scheduled visit with us?
near old towne what you doing tomorrow can I scoop it in the morning
could whoever is taking up every single washer and doctorer in the laundoctor room please stop?
this is my designated laundoctor time
Romney says his message for the campaign will be Jobs and childoctorn.
Apparently he's making cuts to both of them :p
usually about religion or politics.
and they're usually stupid.
Plentiful sunshine and 80 for April 26th for my Birthday on Thursday?
my cab doctorver gets shit done
I agree 100!
Everyone in my fam likes Viccis version better!
I'm calling shenanigans!
got your message moving this week I will call you Monday :
I don't have yours either O.o
Someone needs to cine get this 10 year old while she's still alive...
all about my riches my name should be richard
Cool, let me know!
I've been involved with them since the pilot in 09.
Beautifully put!
Went to the LA Premiere of tonight and it was awesome.
Thank you , Chris, RG and our master George Griffith!
Reflection is an amazing way to recharge and maybe we won't have to repeat the same lessons.
Like I realize it's presumptuous to think you might have use for these, but stillplease use them for
Just won a 100 Stub Hub giftcard for networking on !
U should join the sponsorship industry network  www.sponsorpitch.com
Got your name from Elizabeth Hill  interested in WSOP 2012 marketing/advertising opportunities.
at your convenience.
Ralph Lauren boat shoes I'm already crusin'.
Nothing wrong with giddying up to nafsa12 as long as people giddy up to nafsa13 and beyond!
:
I'm making chai flavored granola.
I think it's turning out well!
No.
My liking is confined to Pawan.
its gonna be the best fucking country this world has EVER seen.
BOOM.
hur i am!
Surveys are coming back!
You're chance to win a 50 gift card to Best Buy is coming in one day!
Just in time for the holiday season.
Madonna.
MIA.
Yeah.
ugh I feel like death
I want a tasty hot dinner...cold smoothies are breaking my spirit...
I do this for my people
im gonna watch a movie on my laptop.
im done with this crap.
Thanks for the FF!
where are you dorming ?
You're doing the right thing.
Fish, chips and a pint sounds brilliant right about now.
Anyone know of an Indy organization that will accept donated used childoctorn's books?
just got it.
Thanks.
See you next week.
There's a newhouse class called Disney Princesses and Diversity...
get to share my story this Sat.
at the RESULTS meeting  talk abt meeting the POTUS!
: Ugly girls are 10 x most likely to fall in love with a good man than a pretty girl would
/ looming author like Shkspr.
What's the downside of not having such a suturing point for community?
looks yummy!!!!
Yes, please tell me.
RT : Why are people being such uck nuts today?
thanks for sharing this week's top papers!
Man do i miss that californian sticky icky.
If you don't like Run to the Sun by N.E.R.D than you aren't a genuine fan of music, no possible way.
You have heard this 1m times, so here is 1million and 1 luv u guys and that Intimate video is funty!!!
Cheap Date with Friends.
: : Hey all you broken hearts, come get a Valentine  5 Dark  Stormy's tomorrow night
Damn all these ASAP groups and Raider klan members wanna follow me now lol
Nice shoutout to digital history jobs.
A couple of the panelists note it as area where opportunities are mushrooming.
My social life was terrible this year.
haha.
Thanks.
I was so annoyed.
Experiencing major autocorrectfail this morning.
;
A special shout out to my amazing wife today for her Birthday : I love you Joy!
Check me out on Inside MMA on HD Net tonight during Bas Ruttens segment
Thanks for helping us out 3 please keep it up and spread the word!
haha you posted that on fb!
real talk!
Tonight starting at 7pm we got your tickets for House Of Shock..
We're calling it the House Of Shock beat the line weekend 1st winner  7:30
Thousands of US fans stuck in traffic, such a shame when the event is only on US soil every 4 yrs.
Poor organisation by someone.
We gotta hang in there with ARod.
No choice.
Most importantly....
let's get this W !!!!!
Who is guy doing PBP w/Czar...way too loud  overselling everything, doesn't sound comfortable, too robotic
hm better
After CSF though
Ravens what r u doing????
Best of Luck to our boys bwfc avfc  Jack Jebb afc as they meet up for Eng U17 international duty today.
I didn't see you..: you shouldve said hi..I did look for you since I always see you when I play CC..hope you're well!
Lol I'm So Tired I'm Posting Da Wrong Think Smh lol
and for that I write in blood.
Lol
the bath is the best for squirting fun!
took my favorite toy and had a nice, long, relaxing bath.
wanna cum see just how soaked i got?
solid datasets are absolutely happinessinducing, as is 200818 labor data
cash from Quattro that day
Actually, that's a good reminder!
: RT Kind of a duh thing, but always expect technical difficulties.
The Healthy Voyager Reviews Food For Lovers Vegan Queso Spicy Nacho Cheese Alternative
I don't have a tv!?
How will I watch the premiere of this Sunday, May 20th on G4??!!
do you have any explanations of how come jonathan cook's to be that big while the other part of his body not?
Sunday morning jam: classic Bobby Broom, Clean Sweep and Livin' for the Beat.
Cheers to that  thanks for the mention!
We'll let our Bacchusmke bartenders know how much you loved their Old Fashioned
Happy Mother's Day!
watching happy tree friends omg who ever made up this show is sick in the head!!!
okay, I care?
but meanwhile you don't.
don't act dumb..
YOU WERE THE LAST GOOD THING ABOUT THIS PART OF TOWN
Missin my little booger.
Nice to have a break, but I feel empty without her lol.
Can't wait to see her tomorrow.
:
Things I found boring when I was a kid, I now find relaxing.
Hi Amy.
How did you become a freelance reporter?
I love journalism, but am unsure how to get into it professorssionally.
On my mind :
Simple as ABC123?
Wait, never mind, I'm lying.
Sweet, keep us posted  we'll tweet out some love!
Self Mgt should be redubbed comanagement arent we BOTH in charge of care?
Dead car came back to life...lets see how long it lasts
Thanks for coming out to the cemetery today and letting me show you the rope.
Duke knocks down another pair of free throws.
Got a Twitter account?
So does GoldenValleyYum.
Come check us out and ask us to 'Follow' you!
See you there!
Have you joined thecn yet?
What opened courses and conexus are you part of?
I think your really pretty but im to afraid to tell you
Thank you!
We can't wait to put him in it :
Oh awesome!
Which pie of ours did you try?
Bend it over, Touch ya toes, Whip it out show dem ho.s ya bank roll 3
Leaving SaintPaul de Vence today and heading to Lyon.
I will miss this magical walled village and Luc Tombeur, our gracious host.
The UW gave me a second chance I didn't deserve.
But I've worked hard since then to earn it.
Served my country after 9/11 at the NSA
Wow.
That's huge.
It crazy that iOS and Andoctorid are competitors against Sony and Nintendo on that front.
Wow just rocked the AMAs!
Awesome performance with amazing photos!
Just installed 12.04 LTS beta 2 and gnomepanel to get classic mode back.
It's so good!
Oh how I missed nonunity Ubuntu.
I know, right?
Call 18002226618.
Youll talk with a woman named Robin in a blue sweater who will ask you, Would you like the large size or the jumbo?
that's what I get!!
But 75 is a little excessive.
Glad we can bring joy.
so agree
I've watched the Tupac Coachella video an unhealthy amount of times.
there was this guy at mcdonald's and I guess he ordered a McSwag ??
xD lol I was like WTF is that made of?
Love is like a fart.
If you have to force it, it's probably shit.
Kneedeep in social media planning for multiple clients.
Gary Glickman from OMB ends NSTIC governance options panel distilling theme: rapid gov't collaboration and consultation with stakeholders
Thanks for the plug Mac.
NetworkMarketing is the future, get the facts!If you dont like your job, dont have a job,or want a plan B in this unstable economy!
Laubichler: need new kinds of repositories that do not yet exist / need to do more than just reading papers
.
I'm waiting for an answer to my question.
What up bro?
I still got that pic from when i met you at the Hardoctorck Cafe in downtown Dallas years ago.Stay cool people bro!
She should be grateful she's still on my shelf....
doctorma will get you cut from the team!
Some asshole in The Dangerous Summer .
.
describes team going prospecting around the library, looking for data gold.
My sister told my nephew today Auntie Nora is coming over tomorrow His response Yah!
Mom, she is a good girl!
I'm a good girl people!
oh hot damn
My head is in the cloud today.
RT : Good news: I repaired my mower.
Bad news: lost my excuse to not mow.
:  Too funny!
Hello Thanks for following along : 
Seriously so fucking bored.
And I'm excited to be hanging out with you yet again and absorbing a hint of your epic awesomeness.
:
RT : Don't forget to ask the universe to look after your health and well being becauseyou'reworthit
Go head Nick Young!
Lol
Who wants free tickets?
We'll give away a pair on 2night at 12.
Just write I want free tickets to  on your wall!!
Well, hello FRIDAY, where the hell have you been YOU LOVELY CREATURE?????
Ring, Bracelet, Chain, Watch..
9000Watts, 9000Watts..
I mean the score right now.
61
did you delete your kik?
So true, They are just waisting their time lol.
Honey badger don't care what wants!
On the ground in Atlanta.
30 minutes to disembark and run to connecting flight.
Ready go!
Thanks for the LIKE JensArild Johannessen.
Nice to have friends from so far away.
SWEET!
Who buys a blue Lambo?
Come on!

TY doll!
Follow me for celebritystyling  fashiontips!
Xox
I Need To Stop Crying Man.
Im Effing Up My Eye Liner, Lol !
Next time you are in MD, belated bday dinner.
: Academic talks over the internet.
The art of the online research presentation  how about a stand along event in May?
Welcome to the club..and yes nothing planned here.
Already wished the momcats here a Happy when it got to 12AM EST
Pac10/12 prepared you well, Nick Perry.
Welcome to the team
Jerrys Artarama 44th Anniversary Artist Appreciation Sale Offers Amazing Deals on Art Supplies and Materials at ...
All these people hate on , but He's SO MUCH MORE passionate than they are.
He's changin to REACH  they sittin savin no one.
Vegas quote  The safest way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
Kin Hubbard
I'd do a Everyone evacuated!
joke, but that could backfire spectacularly.
And not be that funny.
Cnt wait till comes to NY, love that dude
buy tickets for the concert ahead of time, they'll go quick!
bostonstringplayers.eventbrite.com
It's a fight alright!
I'm about to burn up in here.
I'm about to get up and turn the air on in these folk house.
Thanks.
Will be putting out a new blog explaining exactly that on Monday.
Still doing research.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
General George S.
Patton
Was Rei good?:
hi!
how are you doin?
m, yes.
That is another option :
I just saw a gay asian guy with a black girls booty.
Maury I'm a 1000 sure he's the daddy
it's not just the assessmentit's the fallacy that one can adequately assess simply based on what's on the screen.
thanks for getting back to me.
I'm not sure what I should expect, but thought a new modem would be faster than one from 2002.
He listened!!RT : Ok Baby B7 hours last night was amazing!!
If you can make it to 4:30 again, I will be one happy Daddy.
thanks for coming out.
Had a blast.
Till next time
Abraham Lincoln: Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.
keep me updated on the the win on Adanza ur the only news I can find!
Lol Thanks Man
Three schools today!
And a presentation to college elementary education students.
i agree 100 I really hope everyone does to
1st sign of the upcoming apocalypse: Today the employees at the DMV were nice and courteous.
Yes.
I will scan them from my sketchbook shortly.
when the product doesn't work as expected, change or modify logo.
this 2 will likely just work on paper!!!
In Paris!
Bonsoir!
it is :T lol
BREAKING NEWS: Beth Phoenix is not medically cleared to compete.
A mystery opponent will challenge Divas Champ Nikki Bella 2nite  Extre ...
I am using
Unexpected Bj's 
EVERYTHING GOING OK WITH ME, THANKS FOR ASKING....HOPE THE REDS BUST OUT OF THIS HITTING FUNK THERE IN......
Mase bodied that slight work
The bad news is, vacation is over : The good news is, it's back to work making awesomely creative things!
yeah I got a few skills.
;P
You know I'm a dedicated student if I actually get up and come to class when it's raining
I almost forgot how good ramen noodles are
If you can't convert for your main product, doctorve micro conversions,says
: Thanks!!
And a great choice it is!
Your series should be a staple for all childoctorn!
Just read your tweet.
Sullivan was not key figure in fight againt apartheid.
more
don't judge me for my choices when you don't know my reasons.
3
I had the pleasure of meeting today.
I was super impressed.
Thanks for all your wonderful insights on the world of
This afternoon's playlist consists of 303 songs that start with the letter G on shuffle.
Surprisingly good mix.
Just another reason to cherish your mother while she's still here.
Hi!
Thanks for recent RTs
Just started taking piano lessons:
I want you to know I didn't talk about poop at all.
I was a gentleman.
My topic of choice was vomiting.
they offer the email option, but i'd like to have the short link to share on a website or via twitter.
thank you for the compliment and the follow.
Will keep you updated
Who wins in this trade?
Big Ben and Mendenhall 4 M Turner
Still no follow?
Even though fedoras were already worn and fairly popular, FrankSinatra made them cool.
Do you own a fedora?
damn where you stay at ?
MUAHAHA!!!
It's the perfect plan!
Soon they'll be calling me 50 Pesos
oh yeah!
U definitely needa visit me!
Hibbert is 3rd on that list.
Rarely any good centers in The NBA though lol
are u talking about me???
Morning!
It's unbelievable what can be accomplished when everyone on the same page!
Yep he's definitely still hot.
Can I visit more often?
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
4 more pounds down total of 14.5 pounds lost...6 more to get to my 20pound goal...I can do this!!!
100 years is a long time to be around in Miami.
Do you really think we don't know how to have a good time?!
See you tonight!!!!
You can use glass tiles as an accent or trim, to cover large areas or to create a shimmering pattern with or without other tile.
: RT : was cleaning lighting office for work study, came across a book you wrote!
word?!
ooh.
found it., thanks!
I want to vote on the poll Austin put but I don't know where to vote for anysuggestions?!
Loving the easy breeze gently blowing through the patio screen.
RT : Aquarians are observers.
They see everything, everything...and yes EVERYTHING!
let's trash the dead weight...
intriguing as fuck...
Looking for a Lenten Challenge?
Give up saying absolutely, literally, and definitely.
Your colleagues will thank you.
Ben Brust sure isn't afraid to shoot.
It's nice to have a such a pure shooter on the team.
Hilarious!
I'll buy a stack.
I guess the question is more like could you live with yourself/the guilt and moral consequences
April 4th Enoham hospital San Antonio
We all have to forgive sometimes
Did you know Miami Beach's Art Deco District is the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world?
Just got in the house lol
Use Gary Taylor in Adams Morgan.
He's the best.
He's also a little scattered so it's entirely possible you meant him.
yes have watched most of the videos  tweets and blog too!
not knowing what to have as your background because you just love so many boys and you dont know which one to have lol
im so proud of you!
i remember when you have 60k followers.
look at you now.
straight up.
Omg heck yeah a strip club in hollywood.
Hold on ima get my stiletos lmao
I had been referring to my friends cat as Sieti, which was sort of accurate, I guess.
Today I finally read his tag  C A T
Of course shes gonna say that its okay.
SHE'S TRYING TO BE A GOOD FRIEND!!
sleepy time.
night.
:
: So glad you are following the tweets from FGS2011 in Idaho!
cause im a nice guy like that :p
Is it cheating to google image it before doctorwing?
I live in Fox Lake.
What about you?
nah no Walmart tonight
Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.
YAY ELISE3 anyway, when Lana Del Rey performs after commercial I may as well take a 3 minute nap...YAWN lol
Friends time.
Got to love my crazy sisters TimeForRevenge hahaha :
He has such an awesome selfdeprecating personality though!
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you eat chicken and realize your chicken tender looks like Taylor Swift, hot damn Tyson Foods has
you have much to learn, sir.
I know I know!
Haha always have been!
Will be on at 4 pm talking about Newt Gingrich while wearing a Herman Cain tie.
is rockin it out right now at naca2012 !!
thank god its friday :D.
Yeah, there was so much information in them.
WE LOVE YOU!
Suddenly wanting the iPad and hating myself for it...
but your education is not valuable to the person who loaned you the money to get it so other compensation is needed.
What is it?
Thank you for the RT!
all day by I miss listening to that song: it's my fav:
If you're not following FreshCoastMke slapyourself We're counting down til' the FreshCoastClassic on Thanksgiving weekend!
ToughLove love love love
Everyone has a photographic memory some just dont have film.
U gone learn today
CHECK US OUT AT TROLLEY NIGHT TONIGHT!
Happy Saturday!
What are your weekend dining plans?
I can certainly respect that...
alright ya'll come back now ya hear?!
Is anyone else thinking, What?
It's already May 15th!
today??
Speaking of distraction.
Where's my...
wanders off
haha sorry Im just now responding your tweet!
So you'll probably be here in like 2 more hours?
I guess.
OMG I'm so excited!
Peanuts all the way!!
Fort Collins for the 2nd straight day.
Holy Family Final 4.
Jessica Simpson FINALLY gives birth this morning to daughter Maxell doctorw 9lbs 13 ounces!
yes I try too.
Lol.
I have 27!
In over my head a always!
congrats!
how cool
Pleased with this weeks' bulk food choice: Quinoa pasta casserole with spinach, zucchini, ricotta, parmesan, mozzarella, and tomato sauce.
I'm not even watching toy story
Get money if nothing..else
It's always better when we're together.
Experience  the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
Now playing Donald Byrd Miss Kane
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Hello there..I'm early too!
What's the word on the streets?
Thanks FF When I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 1996...I said With What?
So much controversy about it....
Haven't been on here for a while...
I kinda miss it so I'm coming back :
Vatican now comparing abortion to Holocaust.
The Pope must have sucked on his high school debate team.
Stop in today for 6 Muffaletta sandwiches
Lol somf gone be friends after today.
Did you know that Dalmations are completely white at birth?
Follow Back...Please
Be bold and have courage in moving around and changing offices, but be purposeful.
Don't leave just to leave
Star of Texas is always a winner.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person we become.
Except to the Ontario bitch who plagued me on 79 today.
If school's start getting twitters, I'm leaving twitter : peace out girl scout
RT : Just because you can't see it doesn't mean its not there.
Damn lol
Oh and a mule
I promise we'll keep the scary animals away.
Where is the place that theatre happens in Tulsa?
This NBC News special on the Bin Laden raid is tremendous.
You're already on twitter, but do you have your own website?
facebook doesn't count.
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY be now?
3 7
COKE BOYS
how does lunch sound :
I haven't had any major successes but if I can't even get many of my friends to take ten minutes to read my work...
Bob Evans has amazing salads...
Thank you so much for listing me!
The people I wantt to follow me: and !!3
Omg, just stop
Beadles r my dadno,u can go nxt Sunday.2morrow testing weekThey mite not go!
, GOnextSUNDAY
Tonight and do some real fun improv for u at 10pm at Bring a date story to tell.
needs this.
Why am i up
Watching the Masters.
Geez golf is boring haha.
Good morning my people enjoy your weekend...
remember any day above ground is a good 1.
I thought it would fun to screw with other people's lives before I check out.
Karen to Roy.
I can't find the game on Dish????WTF
Congratulations its CRACK
DJ Dog Dick.
This exists, apparently.
One word.
Anaconda!
So here's the deal I want to scream I love you from the top of my lungs but I'm afraid that someone else will hear me
i think i make the easiest things seem hard
Haha good riddance
Feels good talking to a girl who wants to know something woman to woman without being accused POWERTOTHEWOMAN!!
We are extending our yelp deal until Wednesday for all of you hard workers!
Happy Labor Day!
U want to do WHAT with that pickle.
doctorhit me up he has all the info!
Hope you and Dave A are well!
Tonight is the night!
at the Jacksonville Landing!
FREE Spring Concert Series!
Everyone come out!
8pm!
Another Nawfside Sunday  da Ghetto Park!!!!
I only punch ninjas!
when will you follow me??
I have been waiting for 3 years lol
No, I wish!
Are you going?
Sweet doctorams twitter.
Early night for me
Great things coming up ;
aww your ann'y celeb'd by guy who thinks dont deserve the same rights as him
you mean like or Homo habilis?
I loved Proof.!!
Does a high pollen count  a safety hazard?
It should.
You can sure cut a finger off midst all that sneezing.
OSHA take note.
Or not...new damage on the bridge.
Thank you, Twitter.
The new design allows me to see all of the conversations that I never knew I was having in the first place.
HoodCerealNames Flocka Flakes They're more than good they're FLOCKAAAA!
I've been good.
: Nope, not yet.
:P a few months and I can get a new one though :
Just got some new info on how policeinvolved shooting went down in Whitehall.
Live at 11.
Yeah, leftover pizza.
I frequently have conversations with people that don't have teeth....
Have an interview with the pastafarian nico alm in abt an hr.
Any questions I should ask?
yay we actually come up on google now when you search for daily designers.
I would still love to work with you sometime.
If you or Cris ever need a hand, pleeeeeeeze let me know:
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad Shes not crazy like me, I bet you like that
Cain: Tax codes don't raise taxes.
Politicians do.
Free photo consultation when you book a session with us
Do I believe in second chances?
Hm depends!.
Unbelievable shot!
Yep.
The last one was procedural.
This one will be on the bill.
thanks!
Go bucks!
Call 305.567.5764 and leave your mothers day shout outs for Sundays show.
Tell your favorite Ill always love my mama story in 2 min.
lol.
I suggest unmm Hey Arnold!
Lol that was my fave cartoon back in the day.
But aiight I'll have to check it out!
Want to have a less than traditional Cinco de Mayo?
Stop in for our ladies night specials this Thursday!
well all my natural hair sisters may be out of this giveaway.
oh yeah so babe listen to the song scream by usher umm I made the lyrics for you  usher paid me to buy the song so yeah ;D
min to the ship!
One of these days I'll be appreciated.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness
Thanks to everyone who came to the show tonight!
It was a great turnout and we doctornk enough to make us seem happy/nice!
;
They took my tribute to Ashley down at work.
I don't suppose there's a twitter app that will lock/freeze your TL in one spot so as not to lose your place as you click links.
:
listening JB doctormmer doy !
great and amazing song !
Follow us on twitter
Realm Of The Mad God was fun for 2.5 minutes.
I will try for 3 minutes tomorrow.
who do i give the vid to??
omg so confused.
lol
nah he just takes what he wants.
About time you follow me, I've only been on here for, like, years.
hm..
ill never be what you want we are the in crowd.
:
None of the 4 Republican senate candidates got an endorsement at state convention today...
needed 60 vote.
J.
Fitzgerald came the closest
oh miss thang.
There u are.
nashville public library nashville tn may 2729 national puppet show free tickets will be given out at 9 am at the downtown branch!
I'm not stupid, I just don't give a fuck about your class
Uuhhhh Is it too early for a rise n grind
i have news for you!!!!!
They stay they wont beef where my burger at
You are so welcome, .
there is soo much shit going on now, i just never get around to it.
i always tell myself i will, but i never do /3
TATTOO TIME FUCKERS!
and are headed to for some super sexy ink art.
We love this guy.
Thanks!
Tell me more about you.
I have a feeling you'd like several of the brands with which I work.
i added you on facebook !
WHITE FROSTING ON THAT POUNDCAKE MAKE YR DUNCAN HINES IRRELEVANT
Mikey, is he cute?
Is he brown?
Will he join us for a cocktail?
Is he polite?
Is he clean?
Have him take off his shoes!
Don't let him go!
I'm going to have License to Ill on repeat today.
One of the best hip hop albums ever.
We're trying to interrupt the cycle of poverty for our kids.
Sterling Speirn
Knew it.
Adele is a beast!!!
Rick James has influenced MC Hammer and Snoop Dogg.
Who else can you think of that has a hint of Rick in their art?
haha us like once every 3 months but now we had twice a week
Wishing everyone a happy holiday.
Merry Christmas  Happy Kwanzaa!!
it makes your legs shake uncontrollably.
it's a weird sensation.
I think John Tortorella would kill in that old SNL game show Whose More Grizzled!
dang!
Did you try googling it to see if other brands make it?
Some nights you have no choice but to make yourself a giant chocolate chip pancake.
City orders mold cleanup of three Harborview unitstiny.cc/cityorderscleanup
LMSunSIG accessibility: professort crying in the wilderness
Would this freakin Illinois StCreighton game just end already.
This is painful.
AllStar game tomorrow at highland springs!
to hype!
And I'm wrapped ;!
i know!!
oh well we will have to try again like everyday till it happens lol
Just remember the lads in green are the good guys!
What kinda entertnmnt u want?
What u need 2 do is hire some molly maids 2 clean that room, wasnt u suppose 2 clean it already
Beyondthescoreboard.net The look beastly against the tonight
Need to lose this gut for my holiday x.
Sometimes my mom makes me so mad.
make sure you check out our Bridal Show on May 1st.
Grooms and Brides!
All are welcome!
More info on our Facebook Page!
: a wild thing rick vaughn, warlock?, b when's he making a comeback that awesome bastard
yes but it only matters if You are so if your not tell me now so I can tell him
For those for whom wearing yoga pants is the closest they come to exercise, we pray to the Lord.
A video with a message is good.
A well created video with a message is the best.
Whatever homo
No one ever catches my subtweets
Picasso peyote Coyote vs Burger King King.
An acid trip from 1996
Im sleepy
All my sexy, freaky, mature ladies with sense of humors follow He blocks UGLY chicks Adult content Dope tweets
Oops, I mean fridayreads The Reliable Wife
Appreciation is an excellent thing.
It makes what is excellent in others belong to us, as well.
Voltaire
Wishing one of our beloved rescuers Taisia Lukashenko from Russia a very happy 95th birthday!
Check our Facebook page for pictures.
Today on on at 9am AJ Foyt from joining us with details about their up coming Golf Classic!
June 15th to da deed r however it's spelled
UN button dat shyt.
Unzip dat shyt den I slide my dick all IN dat bitch
Get great deals at over 250 businesses in San Diego with your California VIP Card!
Get your card today for only 25!
619.226.1121
Why not have dinner with both of them, and include the Russian Rage?
Words I can never spell right, yet use all the time: restaurants, opportunities, initiatives.
Idk yet how will i know
Good Morning!
Gonna take my TAKS/STAAR in an hour.
:
; nowblastin Lord Knows  doctorke feat.
Rick Ross 3 3
Skylar is so amazing as a country singer..
I love it...
Love this girl..
Idol it was over the top
Thanks for all of your resources!
Such great stuff!
My friends make Smile  my friends made me Strong!
I love my boyfriend !
Clint Eastwood please run for president.
Top scoring Maria Menounos is in jeopardy on DWTS.
doctorving back to NorCal, listening to nothing but the only thing keeping me awake
A3: of course Twitter can have an impact but make sure to stay objective.
SM is just one channel...still need to c big pic
After a day on set for with and Director , back to work at the Matrix!
probably not :/ if I can get most all my hw done I will fo sho but it looks unlikely
happy birthday
Finally get to face an easy opponent tomorrow.
Probably going to doctorp halfahundoctord.
it's crazy man.
Can't believe it is done.
It seems weird and freeing and all these other emotions
This is ridiculous.
All day my phone acts as if I don't have signal.
Resendif texts, can't use my data.
What the hell?
I'm using WiFi.
you Rock Tommy, Fck what they have to say, its the fans that count....
HAHAH too funny
DM it to me.
I'm on my phone.
Life is about impact
What a wonderful first half of a day here  great folks, wonderful initiatives and wellspoken and engaged students.
If you smell good, that's an
its actually amanda I'm making fun of so...
Eating breakfast at Turleys in Boulder for first time.
Very accommodating with my healthy substitution requests.
This weeks science  If you think ur too big for a small job, then ur to small for a big job!
Matt Holiday has a very punchable face.
Smile for once in your life, you aren't tough.
brewers v
As you should be!
It's a wonderful event.
Midget wearing a security shirt in the library.
I gotta take a nap before
What the hell is 'coinineeyah'?
my first question when I got my freshman schedule
You are so welcome.
Be Sure to Follow the Songstress of the Carolinas :
: they are in the USA in Aspen Colorado :
I always had a problem wit keepin my hands 2 myself...til I stopped tryin
Listening is paying attention, you can hear without listening but you cannot listen without hearing.
I made disgusting egg salad sandwiches today, blah....
One Direction is on my tv again!!
Asdfghjkl; I can't control myself :D
yeah WAITING LIST!
I'm not on the waiting list lol
Swinging first pitch?
My Cameron OTC shirt is a great conversation starter.
Wildwood like taking a deep trip inside one of The Decemberists' songs.
yo sup girl?
Sorry I been MIA....
whitemamba and his squad look like they're done!
better girl, thanks
I'm and I'm just gonna repeat safe vague sound bytes that I think will get me votes.
Only 2 copies of Robert Caro's new LBJ bio left in the store!
Come get one before we have to order more!
Will you marry me and follow me?
;
We're getting close to formally announcing the specific location of THATcamp Columbus.
Stay tuned.
already following but will help spread the word!!
TRY LOVING SUM 1, MUCH WORSE, FUCK LOVE
too tired for tv.
Or too bored.
One or the other.
I hope Boeheim pulls out his wallet to thank the refs for their efforts in today's game against UNCAshville.
Rent night
I'm jones'n for some pizza right now hard!
Can't sleep like every night.
: It's official!!!
We have enjoyed a full day and a night of HEAT in Chitown!!
It was fantastical!!!
wise instructor reminds this morning, you cannot control your body, but you do have a say...
kind of like politics.
and life.
Thx 4 sharing!
MT : my first LP, Off the Wall by Michael Jackson.
When the groove is dead  gone, u know that love survives.
youknowghettowhen you black and color your hair like storm
cause iknw ican't explain ANYTHING really...especially not history, idk bout them though
who doesn't answer their cellphone for days at a time?
FML makes it impossible to get sh!t done
Blessings Everywhere!
A Kid Gave Me A Brand New Real Deck Yesterday And I I Recieved Money Today For My Pocket And A Visa Card!
Thought I could run to you for anything.
But only thing running is thoughts threw my mind
Just finished a two day safari trip in South Africa and wow!
This was an adventure I suggest each of you put on your travel wish list.
There's only 6 more chances to see Utopia and Caucus at the Civic Centerdon't miss out!
hey that sounds like a plan.
RT : Starting the day off with 6 GALLONS of Salted Oreo.
Come get a scoop togo b4 the game!
Prat here!
Klout has me as an expert on bars!
ECW was best when it was its own entity anyway, in my opinion.
I hope things are going and continue to go great for you.
i really wish me and could stop saying ifeellike Its getting to the point that i say it atleast twice per sentence.
Can't show my videos from the Odd Future show last night to anyone, all you can hear is me rapping...
you'll do fine!
Everyone gets nervous the day before something big.
It'll go fine!
:
I look forward to more MAA Alumni to post in our FB and let us where they are today.
Especially titleholders from decades ago.
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
Can u get a sun tan wearing mesh?
Let's findout LOL
My friend started day 6 of her 30 day transformation with an 8lb loss: That is an average of 1.5lbs per day.
Go girl!
LUKIN 4 REFRESHIN TRILL BEATS 4 UR NEW PROJECT N ON A BUDGET NEED SAMPLES DM ME YA EMAIL
Lost and insecure.
not yet.
Where would you like to meet?
It's Tuesday!
Its that Springfield basketball at work lmao
Rereading Edward P.
Jones's amazing story, The Store.
community  I didn't get Inception.
I didn't get Inception!' Oh, it had so many layers /Troy's outburst after the truth serum
I'm so much better at buying books than writing them
hahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahaha..that sucked so much..sorry it happened..but it was pretty funny..put it in one of your films?
Lol
Getting a good start on a beautiful day.
I'm happy as I can be and am ready to greet birds and bees.
I'm happy!
Happy Birthday to me!
Where will I travel this year?
Maybe a cruise?
Maybe Hawaii?
So many choices, so little time  www.majkltravel.net
I know right?!
I got more tanned though :P haha
Then quit flaunting it all over the office.
no problem girl 3
when ever you ready you got to come check out the knew spot
Ego doctorsses as the prize.
Looking forward to 's event 'Chicago Conversations' tomorrow w/ , , 
When I stop forcing things to turn out in a certain way or specific time frame, I live an effort free life.
Today, I just enjoy the journey.
Really NOLA the Fray?
Come on
Did the Burg ride today in a steady doctorzzle!
by way of hilltop, , and !
Very hilly and a great ride!
I Like doctorks New Song It Calld Find Your Love It Sounds Good To Me So Go To /doctork It's A New!
Video 4 You.....
No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us  God's love is made complete in us.
1 John 4:12
NP the new !
Purchased 12:00am today.
This woman never ceases 2 amaze me!
RB's elite songstress!
Would luv 2 write 4 u 1 day!
Hi Julian you welcome
Who is your account rep for your season tix?
They can help out.
That awkward moment when you walk into the wrong classroom.
A full day of work followed by a 3 hour doctorve to the mountains is ahead of me.
Someone entertain me!
Those princess bows are too cute!
Checking out the daystage on level 4 at sxswi.
Nothing going on yet.
Think it's supposed to be something about customer experience next
what's so amazing about music is that you can feel exactly what the person who wrote the music felt, even 200 years ago
I think you should make a spontaneous trip to San Diego.
It's only a couple hours away from Los Angeles!
Please?
Just got a box of goodies from Disney's Aulani Resort in Hawaii with a beautiful picture and macadamia nuts.
Awesome!
Nice to know you hate me
I saw!
lol
The Big Top goes up Sunday for the big Sazstyle Opening Day Blowout!
Don't miss this CrAzY party!
www.sazs.com
Congrats to on his video!
So excited for our brotha!
Central Ohios unemployment rate of 6.8 percent was the lowest unemployment rate among the states metropolitan areas.
via
Have you seen the new menu boards at our Short North, Bexley, Easton, GV, Lennox, and Clintonville locations?
What do you think?
No doubt about it.
Thank you.
We're working to bring to power of prayer to mobile phones.
Please see this: www.birdofprayer.org
lol...yes of course Google played a massive part as well...that's how I found the youtube video
where u be at in columbus
It would of course do less to disguise the fact that the column isn't very interesting.
Which is weird, 'cause Foster usually is.
I think this is a new mod you might like its called the queen spider mod, u can befriended bad guys and fight humans !!
are u accepting fans on your facebook account?:
I don't ever stress what ain't mine.
Do you see any particular elegant fashion style?
Looks like we all doctorss alike.
Ever forget your wallet  wish U could use your cell phone 2 pay for your cup of coffee, rent, or sandwich is what we do...
Can we stop adding gate to the end of scandalous activities?
Ive been watching tv for 10 min and Ive already seen Hookergate and cookiegate
Damn actors are messing up the gym flow
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ;
Use Somebody on the radio.
3 post concert depression.
Hate seeing the brewers losing to the cubs...
We are so much better than them.
Which episodes has she written this season?
I'm pretty sure Jets pizza puts cocaine in their ingredients.
I see us on a beach down in Mexico
I am.
why stop at 6 ?
Physics is going to pwn me tomorrow.
And yes, I did just bring back pwn.
RT : Special301: USA urges Brazil to strengthen pending amendments to its copyright law to better protect IPR...
when do you all plan on arriving in Hemet?
hey man , i know sometimes you feel like a slave to your parents.
i feel you.
sometimes you really wish you were 18, huh?
/:
Go Sixers!
Go Hawks!
I'm responsible?
Umm....
John Shiga now on Dolphins, doctorgs and Circuitry: NetworkBuilding in Postwar Interspecies Communication.
I am work
left hand brewing company.
It's a lighter version of an IPA.
PickUpLine: I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
iMessage, you vex me....
Hey hun, no not yet
I miss our meetups!
Realization: I get withdoctorwal when I don't get to perform for a while.
I think I might be becoming a diva.
Brownie odors, not a fan RT : That moment when Blommers Chocolate Factory blows in across all of downtown Chicago.
also, I only like snow when I have no where I have to be an don't have to deal with crazy DC doctorvers in the snow.
Blame it on the super moon.
Big congratulations, Ed!!!
May you not have too many sleepless nights and you have great joy in those you can't avoid.
Amen RT : ReasonsToSayAmen  the fact that ReasonsToSayAmen is trending.
We are all cleaned out today Buggs!
see you here tomorrow family stage!
Reimold out on weak grounder down first base line for first O's out of the season.
I just wake up!
Don't you have school today?
You're fucking beautiful and I have absolutely no chance with you 
It's no surprise to me I am my own worst enemy.
cmpunk is the best in the world
bitcheswhowontdateme ones wit untrimmed Va JJ's.
It's all good!
Blessed to be in a new tax bracket...time for some upgrades :
Just finished the first season of AmericanHorrorStory :
That annoying feeling when youre dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
I can't believe I'm saying this but I'm actually watching Nascar right now and am sort of entertained.
I wouldn't have to manage my anger, if people could learn to manage their stupidity.
If you could name a pair of tennis shoes what would they be called?
Here's my Blackberry Pin  things you don't hear often.
RIGHT HERE DOLL!
I have a very well seasoned team of talented artists here in Vegas :
Happy Resurrection Day!
He lives!
I like this whole getting better more energy thing.
Hope it lasts!
Makes me loose a little respect for those people!
bs I check twitter every hr
I would watch a league where only the Pats, Packers, Steelers, Giants, Ravens, Texans, Broncos, and Saints.
Play each other every WK
Dana, I miss the chemistry that you had with Jay on First Take.
You were wonderful on the show, when do u come on TV now?
Open Mic Tonight  Texas Mist on 183 Look for Blue Neon!
What if I didn't text you but still didn't get a response?
we're gonna be hitting you up son!
Lol
Um.
Nancy, considering your partygirl ways at lma12 ...
I'll just leave it as a mystery.
RT Is that all?!!
: All I want is for to read this tweet./ I know what you mean.
Mine too!
TeamKProd are some bad ass mofos!
where have you been all my life!!!
We need to connect!
how can you be bestfriends with someone whom your ex is currently banging....?
It's called a practice and not a perfection.
Bases loaded.
Ryan Braun pops up and Moragn tags to win the game.
32
doctorP BY KIDDO!
;
swankpoll  Release the fish!
Won another Step tournament on UB.
Just a little closer to the WSOP Main Event.
students teach teachers too.
So thank you!
And and so many others!
This LEGO Gears of War 3 Lancer replica is mindblowing.
that's how I first heard the song!
I just blasted peeps on fb  wanted to comment on CSN!
Ahh!
I'm so fuming!
Law Librarians  we'll be in Philly!
Booth 631 with document and book scanners for archive and records solutions.
AALL11 for info.
Twitter needs a like button.
:
Thanks L'Enfant for a great lunch.
See you all next week.
Don't forget Trucko de Mayo tomorrow
Hahaha!
That's what I'm watching!
UGH.....WHY DOES MY STEPDAD SMACK EVERY TIME HE EATS SOMETHING LIKE HE'S A BABY OR SOMETHING THATS EXTRA ANNOYING!!!...IJS
Just to be on the safe side I'm going to call other auntinlaw tonight who lives in their city.
Presumably she'll know.
oh also, that's after opening his professorle by clicking his name.
THEN hover his professorle pic.
def.
easier to do in tweetdeck
sounds like a plan
What did the ocean say to the beach?
Nothing it just waved!
Haha!
hopefully getting this job at the casino :
I do
oh I'm watchin wat to do wat not to do when seeing mindless behaviorXD
good morning ROC.
2nd day of Biz Kid camp will start shortly at Lake Riley!
is there excel questions on it?
just cause you can do something doesn't mean you should.
3D films are a gimmick.
Give me a good plot  character development
Weirdest fan gift?
Ugh..I hate passive agressive people!!
it's really to early for her shit!!
Thank god for google.
I can't imagine having all these weird questions and not having the internet to find answers.
School time!
I hate going to volleyball but I always love it when I'm there.
I watched that.
So sad.
Allergies are so fun!
Especially at 5:30 in the morning....
Yooo I love surprises 
Thx, so true : Your true home is in the here and the now.
It is not limited by time, space, nationality, or race.
Woah ...
Ham explodes in the microwave after being in there on high for 1 minute and 30 seconds !
Great info, networking at Desert Rose Writer's Conference!
yes perhaps : if you promised to help us unpack a bit.
tired dude!
I had to work last night till 11 and then I have to be in school!
20ThingsAboutMe I ain't one to show when i'm mad but if you're trying to piss me off on purpose, you'll see the side of me you don't want.
Some of us Mormon Zionists follow you just for fun too!
that sounds amazing!!
Have fun :
Sad that game ended.
Now its go vandy and go vcu
hey girl!
Im out n about runnin errands.
I miss so much : Especially their wings
yeah it was on like stars or encore!!!
I totally watched it too!!
Miss you
haha, poster child!
Doe Someone Wanna Make Me A Naughty Long Imagine Boutt Me  Carlos??
;
Happy Birthday !
Lmao omg that made my night!
Will, you're more than welcome to join in.
Don't be shy to stay up late tonight so you can ride tomorrow
hows the Penis Thrill Tavern tonight?
you still can be.
hes making a ComeBack soon.
life just got really hectic
Herman Cain is the latest negrobot from the neoConfederate assembly line made from the exhumed body parts of faithful old negro retainers.
Gotta check the schedule tho
whats a good time to get there..do they have snacks?..lol
We own a travel agency, so we are always traveling!
Choose the guy who will take you home to meet his family, not his bedoctorom.
whats up !!
u got out the function ok?
Calling all homies: I'm home Wednesday night.
I leave for Spain 10 days after that.
Let's make the 10 days count.
Wisconsin professorssional Police Association, the largest police union in the state, endorse Tom Barrett
Kentucky fans chant 1 and done!
1 and done!
So sick of being played .
Got to start finding myself some real friends .
Are you measuring a year?
OVER ACTIVELY PISSED THE FUCC OFF
Every time I watch Ace of Cakes I want to give up web design and enroll in culinary art school.
Making those badass cakes looks so fun!
i feel u on dhat.....im happy i live on dha side i live on now
RIP MCA.
great rapper and pioneer of music
Lol I just had to!
We Love You Jasmine!!!
:
ALL the words first?
I usually start w/ a fewof phrases that I have to bendto fit whatever music I come up with...
CC
Just won my first college track meet
all its need is a big hadoop mascot on top of the building :
You wanna get high?
Awesome!
We will have to add it to the list.
TastmakersKS I am looking interns in the LA area office.
DM me 4 info.
Looking 4 Social media, Programming, Marketing, Graphic Design.
We're having a severe coffee shortage in the office today.
SEND HELP.
Tiger Woods has vaulted into contention at the Dubai Desert Classic, as he managed to squeeze out an evenpar 72 in windy conditions.
okay holmes
yeah well your dog blanks the stick...
Hey book nerds.
My client is one of the wittiest chicks I know.
Two words: Jesus.
Bobblehead.
Check her out:
i dont know if you remeber but please follow
Over the years as I've improved my diet, I've lost cravings for bad foods.
I think I've lost my taste for chocolate now.
That's a good thing
come see me  the taste this saturday at 10pm 6331 s lowe in i have to tell you something in person!!!
I love when the Rangers wear their red jerseys.
AND when CJ pitches.
AND when they play Boston!
What a good day
Hi Mary, I would like to share how you can benefit from Kanjoya's emotional tool to better understand your audience.
Follow 2 DM?
thanks so much, andoctora!
i said white!!
y, traffic isn't too bad yet, come get in on some of the revelry
My Klout score is 75  Kim Kardashian is my friend on Facebook..Klout's clearly wrong, that should obv reduce your score ; 
industry night tonight stop by for 5 wine, 5well doctornks, 5whisky, 2 PBR, and 3 flatbreads.
Finally, Monday is worth while
This stupid girl next to me at this restaurant is annoying the fuck out of me...
i'm busy, avengers you'll have to wait
Coach Spaz should have went for TD.
If we missed, new QB would have been stuck at 1 yard line.
They don't seem to have openers listed yet.
It's worthy of noting that presales are 45 tho!!!
:O
I love me some but the yoga portion is a little boring :/ I'm so add!
Liberated 5 clueless but beautiful butterflies who were trapped against glass wall at WMATA station.
Hoping they didn't fly right back in.
Using my voice.
Awesome.
Did you have a filter on that or are those the real colors?
Beautiful!
Nurture YOUR Nature.
CAI once again urges US Health and Human Services Dept to issue new rules re disclosure of ChildAbuse fatalities promptly.
Thankful For You
I did cry.
Lol
back at work.
They had the heat off all week, so it is super cold in here!
Wearing the coat and scarf.
Wish I'd brought gloves.
:
when are we going to lady?
Which TPC did you play?
I agree about the grassy flavor from others.
This is light and refreshing : where do you find that?
Be safe everyone
As they looked out the window to the deserted new year, they knew at that moment nothing would be the same.
PLEASE DON'T your family is trash
depending on what time we get out, if it's 5 I'm not going
This two ton gal is resourceful and a survivor!
It will be hot ass hell if both LA teams make it to the conference finals
hey justin
we want u more!
Thanks!
: we want u  12th  independence!!!
Attn: Radio, Whisper by  TheChrisMcLeod is coming your way in May
Fathers day weekend, if you do not already have the childoctorn, be on time, 6PM Friday at non custodial parents residence to pick up kids.
Bremerton entrepreneurs expand portfolio with Harvey's purchase  Kitsap Peninsula Business Journal
Didn't make it to class this morning?
That's okay, we have mat pilates at 4:30pm  beginner yoga at 6pm
Cher hates Scott Walker.
Gays, we have our orders.
whenever im hungover all i want is an endless supply of HiC Orange and shrimp from Red Lobster : why isnt this happening
Tell Evan he needs to watch his voice level  use your inside voice Evan.
It's so beautiful out today, thank you Jesus for sun.
Well, its 12 noon.
The only thing that ended was my waba bowl...
earth is still intact
That's funny
Bout to cuddle up in my bed with my popcorns.
Order The Vow on Directv Cinema and relax!
yes!
Thank you.
Was searching for it or something like it forever today.
Getting my rain gear together for an outdoor shoot...
Anyone want to come hold an umbrella for me today??
JayZSyncShow This is sick!
More shows need to do this!
interested to know what Babson students are thinking re: social media.
are these ideas posted on some website?
Only 5 hours left to receive 20 off your order!
Use the coupon code MEMO in your shopping cart.
Yah it lasted a good 10 seconds.
All the windows shook.
I just froze.
Haha so not earthquake prepared!!
The pressure is all on NE.
02 last two home playoff games in the last two years.
Remember NYGNE rematch in '08?
Red Wings blew it big time tonight.
C'Est la vie playoff streak.
Better luck next year.
The ability for a company to be nimble and responsive in this economy is absolutely critical.
Just had a war eagle moment in Houston at the recycling center!
aualum lovebeingauburngrad!
I need a 'rillo
Health Benefits of White Fruits amp; Vegetables
Hey if you don't like face, screw it.
I felt that way about a jar of salsa last week.
I haven't been online for a while, sorry.
Glad I'm not alone lol
Safe travels mister!
D
kinda sucked but we're good with it, and now I have a reason to visit Shanghai.
:
19 I DESPISE math.
I hate it with a passion.
Can't do it for my life.
Thats where u and I differ because I would not put what he likes about my body above what I love or don't love
WhenAustin smiles with his teeth :
They're just over excited about being relevant again.
They did the same thing when they beat UK in Dec.
1987forever
WE HAVE ALL THE MARCH MADNESS YOU COULD EVER WANT ON OVER 70 HD SCREENS.
It's a shame for Flyers fans that they treat playing the pens as their
Please pray for the physically, sexually, and emotionally abused to find healing in Jesus!!!
whoooooow!
I'll be rooting for your team!!!
Good luck!
:
doctor Pepper  doctor Thunder  Piss  doctor Topper
No problem :
rocked it this morning!
Great insight on how to get connected.
First Ignite video out on YouTube channel featuring Max
what about sex.
what about telling me to fuck off.
Your amazing and beautiful and hes not nice.
When She Was Just A Girl...
She Expected The World
Good morning ABQ!!
How is everyone doing today?
: Ready for the iPhone 5
and the Terps.
Did a ton of doctornking that day.
Scherzer's nono is broken up after 6 with a bloop single by R.
Cano.
40 DET over NYY.
WE NEED TO GET ON OUR SHIT, DONT YOU THINK?
bike helmets in the freezer bad idea....oops
Hope the snow doesn't make my evening Cincy roadtrip a nightmare....
in a state of relaxation and anticipation
Excellent start to the game Mavs...oh wait
not the famous ice cream from the dorms haha classic
Mom Muslim,auntie christian ,cousin Catholic,friend Jewish..they all said L,A we going pray for u..I feel good
30 year?!
You've been holding out on me....
RT : Jamming w/u on iPhone app.
its just the right amount
Central waters beer dinner this evening.
Quail bratwurst, softshell crab, confit pork belly.
Seats available.
60.
5 courses.
: forgot to ask you for blogger's pick and Daniel's pick for May.
I know, a bit slow this month!
Clearly an early adopt of journalism in a diversified info stream  world needs more meaning not more data
that fuck yeah moment when you helped a college friend do their homework
I wish that all of the Kardashians would go away.
I'm riding on last minute cramming, pure luck, and prayer for this AP test tmister.
Do you think college students should be allowed to conceal and carry on campus?
Some states allow it.
Oklahoma does not.
Though the Mariners occasionally hit the ball with bat, the baserunner does not move.
So great to see at Barclays International Women's Day.
Awesome panel.
Soo me and decided to name our boobs.
Mine: Gabriel  Gabriella.
Hers: Alexander  Alexandoctor xDD
miss you.
Bet misterRogers is pissed.
RT Kim Kardashian Goes to Washington
Make it rain!!
Taking the son to for his birthday dinner tonight.
Looking forward to shrimp tacos and a cold one!
Pierre Gonnord will be at Hasted Kraeutler from 16 p.m.
Visit Hasted Kraeutler today and learn more about the work from the artist.
that show is so addictive it's great!
thanks for sharing Kristofferson tonight at Mike's, and listening to one of my songs!
Great to hear your experience.
this dude don't know real bars.
He like to see niggas dancing on stage.
He won't say I won a battle 2 save his life
I'm glad someone else has said it, I have been saying for years the Gmen need the throwback 1986 uni for their alternate jersey.
Not Red!
Smoke a pound!
because gay
what a low life.
lol make fake accounts.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
George Lucas is like a middle aged man wearing his letterman jacket to pick up chicks.
Even dykes say Hey!!
So chow down on ChikfilA!!
Ur buyin the first round of Starbucks.
cool.
I got a baby sleeping, I'll tweet you when I'm inbound to make sure you are still there.
If I awake tomorrow, I will have something to say.
Pls fund the Library Services  Technology Act at 184.7M  Innovative Approaches to Literacy Act at 28.6M
See why Library Bookwatch calls Scientific Publishing ...an invaluable addition to personal, professorssional, academic...collections.
I just love Lunch time Traffic...
is putting together our Thanksgiving shopping list...David is coordinating it from Indy.
I better go get some wine.
:
Think about this in terms of your practices.
Most things make no difference.
Being busy is a form of mental laziness.
Tim Ferriss
RT : Join us at 1:30 PM MST for Designing Holograms as Learning Spaces in Virtual Worlds 2012TCC Worldwide Online Conference
YouGetPointsIf you like me for who I am and don't try to change me into something I'm not
He just turned 17, and he has Nialls face, he had Harrys height, and Liams voice and hair...
I died!
New ISO HASH OIL 5 Dabs are now available at Tea Pot!!
We also have ISO by the gram so stop by today to see what else is new!
We'll see ya!
THE THINGS PEOPLE DO!!
LOL Oh you wear sunglasses inside?
It must be sunny on planet cool.
On way to a murder mystery tonight..hope I'm not part of the show!
Today is the official release date of the Someone Like Me audiobook!
I listened to it for the first time last night and it is amazing!
I was surprised by the selection of SKG.
I think the trash can could have gone viral too...
So what do you write?
aye if you guys have a PS3 then you guys should add mii  the rocker or gamechoo
I can also.
; Just sayin.

now I can follow which is good; he's on Curtis's thesis committee  following him might be good writing karma.
NO OMG GIMME SOME
Tomorrow is National Boss Day and Sweetest Day.
Wouldn't your boss or sweetie love some chicken?!
damn straight!
ha ill be releasing it soon.
ill let you know : what kind of music do you like?
This thursday 812p door only5 at door ,10 vip happy hour til 9p live music from .
We support local music!!!
Each age has deemed the newborn year
Re: Galapagos  Yikes.
Keep us posted,
Brain Hacking gets my vote for most entertaining presentation at hcfla, but not the most belieavable one :
: yea sound cool with me// k
Excited for my ebook!
How to enjoy food at your lowest natural weight.
The AMAZING doing the template.
YAY!
Preparing for my Big Gay American RoadTrip!
Roadtrip From LAX to BUF..
No app this year, just an awesome mobile version of our website!
SDSU: Follow for live updates on the ASDebates today
thanks man lol!
ive be planking all day!
Even w/ his baggage, Romney's new spokesman can't do worse than his wife Anne telling Phila audience women don't deserve  pay.
can I decide to skip my afternoon job???
FrozenStrawberryLemonade sound good to me
Great rehearsal tonight for with and  come see us tomorrow nt!!!
8 pm :
Your Twitter bg just SLAYED me.
Too good.
Well played.
haha i did the saME exact thing this morning...
yea thanks i appreciate it.
changed it up.
locking it up like fort knox.
cool, I'm a lover not a fighter :
Crrrraaaappppp.
Left my food at home :
sorry Niki!
let me know some time frames and I'll try my best to be there ;!
I'VE SEEN THIS MOVIE BEFORE RT : A Delta Airlines flight at Midway is under quarantine.
Following for updates.
It's a lot easier to root for the Red Sox if you don't pay attention to anything but the games.
Not the owners, media, manager or players.
ha glad im not the only one, the guy told me to expect a call tonight
thats not that bad compared to my tests I did today!!:
what books/study materials do you recommend to get started in trading?
MT It's Childoctorn's Book Week  we're pondering: What's the best childoctorn's book of all time?
Share  we'll RT our favorite responses.
I really dislike backstabbers.
you're right, although Thai Me Up is actually a funny Thai pun.
Didn't go in.
Might be an Indian place?
is gone again :
The bed is awesome, the view spectacular, and we love how you combined the old with the new to make a comfortable and eclectic suite.
firstdayofsummer and MarkStuartDance is getting prepared for !
No matter how much I love someone, I'll never let them walk over me.
we'd be happy to email you over some info on Fleapay!
Its a very simple system and could be perfect for some projects!
Congrats to Newport News , VA Schools!
Can't wait to join the tours!
The phone  is 877 6774333.
But I would like to send two books for free as a thank you and help on your spiritual journey.
Happy to do so.
Try to make it out Thursday night.
It should be crazy.
It's a disco party in a gentlemens club.
Think about it
hacked by the lovely princess Kat :
'Paranormal Activity 2' takes the lead in box office with an est.
20.1 mil on Friday.

I instantly get lazy when its time to study
You and Genuwine were played at EVERY hairshow in Chicago in the 90's!!
Lord....
ok Kool!
Text Me when!
:p
how did I miss your follow?!
sorry about that!
so nice to see you on twitter.
how's it going?
:
Yeah, I found that out as well.
I think it's a combination.
Day is good, just getting off work.
How's your day?
Is Nag Champa really supposed to be an aphrodisiac or does it only work on hippies?
Beyond exhausted
WHORE!
Oops, sorry.
I forgot, you don't get paid...
SLUT!!
I am proud to know you
ugh i just started singing and my mom already texted me to shut up 
Aww, thanks Dan!
doctorin deep fried foods on brown paper grocery bags as opposed to paper towels to retain crispness.
LOL RT : only player for miami looking good tonight is chris bosh.
OMG, what does she say?
I relate to this character so much!
Usher  so close, don't stop RT : Who sings that so there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to u right now
Looking forward to seeing you!
And hearing ALL about the race!
where are u from beautiful??
Glad to hear mom was happy yesterday!
:D
Let me get a shoutout ???
:1
where are these classes?
i want in!
too much work...
not enough play...
I am having to write songs in my head for the next week...
sounds pretty cool up there though!
Day 8 on my HCG diet  I've lost 7 pounds at a stand still, Craving chocolate so bad while I sit here  do a few custom orders:
hehe me too :D
Catch Me On The Block Or Ah Hood Near You
Have an awesome day yourself!
...Just realized I'm about to ride a brown bike with a white seat through foggy public deer hunting land...
Notice me :
Keep making it happen...
Enjoy the flight to Edmonton...
Dale Hunter fired as Caps coach?
This is why they'll never win a cup
I just moved next door to HSE  I look forward to watching this season play basketball
Passing through Perry, GA.
I wonder if is around for a doctornk.
Stop by our booth 904 and learn more about the new PBS series Great Libraries of the World!
Just saw a surgeon in the cafe with an Elvis lunchbox.
Our problems are scaling at a faster pace than our ability to solve them.
Scale of change has CHANGED
okay, makes sense.
And okay, I'll answer myself then hahah
Come hear Matthew Schruers of the Georgetown Law School speak on Intellectual Property this evening in Car Barn 311!
Queen Victoria is coming to the museum on Saturday to have tea with our visitors.
Anyone else want to join us?
3176365409
Hope I didn't mess up by texting back 
Over it!
That was almost you had mom not pulled the plug on the vist!
Awesome story!
Brushing up my SFIV skills in preparation for SFxTekken in March.
Linking still good.
Struggled with Guy's 23 challenge.
Need practice.
oh!
yeah, did you photograph them?
That ride was good
Headed to a librarian meetup at skinny's still 8, will go wherever after.
Let me know where you're headed.
Join us at Jovitas on Wed and Swan Dive on Friday.
aww.
Well I hope it's ok!
3
Yuppity puppity.
It was very beautiful.
Opened for Frankie Rose.
PS: I miss BAR.
True story: My mom wore her ocarina necklace to work and a coworker asked what it was.
My mom told her, It's an ocarina, it plays music.
Bingo.
RT : Gun show?
Dude.
Manual buzzer, where art thou?
That wasn't even Hackoff material.
potlucks  work r always fun, irritating when u see the people that didnt bring shit eating up everything, more then the people that did!lol
Dance Craze, right?
Thanks to my customers at GreenFlea Market yesterday!..Best seller: Mango/Tamarind, and the new Peanut/Kale sauce!..Have a Great week,LUV:!
There was the name VINNY FUSCO in closing credits of something , i IMMEDIATELY thought of MINNY .
TheICONicThings 
Dayummn.
When you want to say it to that person.
But you're afraid of the way she feels ain't the same.
The World Health Organization went on high alert, dispatching top experts to the United States and Mexico
rehearsal started at 6!!
Get your ass down here!!!
Lets go then!RT : nah ur a scared little pussy!
so much for a big inning
Things That Men Say: You are a fighter, except you're real cute...
First game of the tournament and there is already madness!
Haha this is going to be a grey tournament.
Join me now at Brewers Game Chat brewers brewtownsports via
'yo mister jobs you see ima mac, but im rollin deep like adele'
who the f is that?
hahaha
Just got home from the taping of Had an awesome time there!
did a WONDERFUL job rockin' her new song 'Pretty' :
Chilling with my girls :
Who is Mary Poppins?
Well it's late IDK WHAT I AM GONNA DO TOMORROW I GUESS MAKE SOME MORE YOUTUBE VIDEOS ARE MAYBE DOWNLOAD ALOT OF SONGS IDK
Girl yes!
blessed QT : Me  can talk about anything man...
True friend
alaways tweeting what's happening
hehe, you're welcome.
;
Yummy!
RT : The kids got me some amazing cookbooks  the first recipe I flip to is Chocolate Irish Cream Cheesecake.
trouble...
What you weren't totally wrong about is just how tasty this KoolAid is.
Happy Sunday somaphonites.
Stay warm from the weather.
BUT Stay cool with your very own Somaphony shirt!
www.somaphony.com
Wow!!!
Sorry!!: said he introduced u and rhea...known brad since his oakleys on tball field
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort  convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge  c ...
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Absolutely not because you already look cool without it.
if u had time to tweet about it, its not that urgent.
Please stop blowing things out of proportion.
You're very welcome!
good busy you?
I can't settle my mind...
When nothing goes right,
and where might his tie have gone?
Bye, OR7.
reports 1st gray wolf in CA in nearly 90 years headed back into Oregon yesterday.
Such a beautiful day 
Come check out DFTO's next show in on Saturday 9/24 in Manchester, NH  Its gonna be phenomenal!
Just a p.s.....ARILLENBLAYLOCK will one day be a household name.
You heard it here first!!
city vs u
Phew, I'm not the only geek.
I go to both.
But I'm not going to just go because everyone else is going.
You have to go because you LOVE the music.
FILM!
zeitgeist: FILM!
zeitgeist: FILM!
I don't understand why people lower their expectations after they're dumped.
They should raise them, if anything.
How do I create a landing pages that earn the most amount of money?
Checked your email recently?
I suppose it does.
I use reaper in the bar before that one, tho.
Freudian Slip?
What's that?
Johan Galtung was interviewed on a few days ago, Amy Goodman is pleased to get to see him face to face today!
Um, what the heck was that on Fox 6 just now?
Wrestling?
Fighting Birds?
All of the above?
Total awesomeness!
Cinco de mondo Lucha!
I just got major case of mullet envy.
It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
Hey girl, thank you so much!
That just brightened my evening : You ROCK!!
What's new in your world?
gett so high i mean so high got all bad bitches around me
hey Madison!
How r u in LA?
Hope ur having fun!
Iu
I FOLOWED ...Please Follow me or else I Will Set Fire to the rain lol Jk Love u Adele 3
I'm about to read some of 's book How to Get Out of Your Own Way.
There's a lot of wisdom in here.
Glad to know we get to spend the last hour doing stupid shit just because you want to.
Never cheat on a woman that holds you down when no one else does.
Looking forward to Explaining The Myths and Misperceptions of Online Course Evaluation.
Washington Lecture Hall, tomorrow at 1:45
Have fun!
Had a blast with at the Literacy Love Poetry Performance at the Kennedy Center tonight.
Great job scholars!
follow back please???
Our muppetoscars doctoram has failed.
Oh well, maybe they can host the Tony's.
You lucky I love you.
ohmy goodness.
You gained 20 followers in one day?!
Thanks for helping promote our project!
Hope your students love it :
My fridge is so bare.
Time to hit up the store.
this is perfect
purpose aforethought...I always loved that phrase.
It can be applied in many areas, not just the law.
Oops...thanks
Ah, good to know!
I'll try calling today and see if they could help.
Dont go down,the slide backwards dumb bitch
Great catching up with you and tonight Hope to see you guys again during SDBW.
Cheers!
I don't mean to always be a bitch, I mean everything in the best way possible.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 6.
Share your accreditation.
Seeking experienced Cataloger for immediate longterm opportunity in San Diego, CA!
Millenium experience required!
Back to back threes pull Badgers within 1.
4847

ex: w/o helmet  street clothes  novice  cars avoid by 4 ft.; w/helmet  cycling kit  expert  cars avoid by 6.
Its on USA network!!
ehh I don't know how to feel.
From CNN Atlanta Fire Department is at the scene of Tyler Perry Studios for a 3alarm fire
Black People Soo Slow.
Hello to my new followers!
What your affiliation with one Luis Daniel Rodoctorguez?
I DO like gooey!
I will have to try that trick!
the only problem with your statement is that there must be a prior knowledge to learn from.
You cant start a fire without a spark
They got a solid dude ...
a real Champ.
Congrats!
its totally true
I just now got officially put in the system!
I should have shifts starting next week.
And feel free to call me in!
Thanks Anthony
Lehigh, could it be?
Hope so!
damn that sucks I usually doctorve to the place to pick my stuff up
no this girl did not do an OOTD on top of a toilet
roadoctorn sportingkc It appears that way on TV.
I love the Cauldoctorn
It is on NOW!!!!
The KCA's I mean.
it's the afternoon lil head
If likes fangirls, then he'll love .e forever 3 :
Congrats to on , and good luck in the opener tomorrow!
Eddy Curry back?
In the time we have it is surely our duty to do all the good we can to all the people we can in all the ways we can.
and also being with athletes when they do what they normally do in a locker room yougotme?
So glad to finally have cable after two weeks, now I can get back into the loop with
and in a bout that could be the main event on anyone else's card, 101 Ramon Valadez vs.
60 Kevin Hoskins.Tickets priced at 50
That's mesmerizing.
Good find!
The 90's called and I told them I want them back.
put up the pink tinsel christmas tree today!
you right, you right.
Thanks for following !
Looking forward to tweeting!
Do you know any legal way this Varepublicans ultrasound bill signed by mcdonnell can be overturned?
Like, constitutionally?
Help me out.
Was Mo, Larry or Curly?
Over 6' or under 6' tall?
Shaved head?
elifocus Chuck Dzubian says analytics is a way of thinking
All right!
Can you ask a number of people to follow me, please?
Thanks
Don't forget to stop by Alumni Hall for the Basketball Viewing Party as the men's team takes on NC State in the ACC Tournament today at 2pm.
Sending a fellow artist some love and support to your feed!
.
It was wonderful spending THE UNSEEN GUEST bookbday with you, Lizzie!
And with my new BFFs at Great day!
At the airport in United Kingdom !
200 followers reached
earing killing it out there....almost time RIO....i got a big surprise tonight.
Images with maxwidth: 100 that are well above the device resolution already display with a higher pixel density?
it's also OU/Tex weekend.
Trying very hard to decide which to do...we already have tix to MM!
Arrrgh!
HermanCain on DailyShow faux InsideTheActorsStudio  is this really happening?!
Is this real?!
What?!
How?!
Any tweeps graduating and looking to move to Houston?
I may have a job lead for you!
DM me for details.
Also, I had a weird doctoram that Bruce Springsteen gave me his hat, and I gave it to you because you really wanted it.
I just watched the newest episode of Ellen and was so excited to see your cheery face on the television screen Hugs :
Thank you!!
: A grandson!!
Congrats!
That's wonderful!!!
missed blendedlibrarian webcast due to miscalculation in the time change, hope it will be archived for viewing!
one of the best players in the league ...
Period
Interviewing students for Hillel service learning trip.
So inspiring to hear their commitment to social justice.
Laboratory Dance Project from South Korea making West Coast debut tomorrow through Saturday  Lincoln Performance Hall.
Tickets starts  20
Get ready!
In 7 minutes I will be giving away Kelly's CD Stronger and a chance for the grand prize!
Know this word Funday!
Some relationships are like Tom  Jerry.
They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
i got back yesterday
Thanks for the mention and your coverage The survivor you interviewed was given voice thru the story.
Ben has been up since a little after 4:30am....
:/ at least he is ready for
It's sorta been mixed reaction but I'll tell ya, he's losing the fanbase and the clubhouse fast.
Walking around looking for your phone when it's in your hand.
Thanks Selena, When you visit back in Pittsburgh have to buy you a cookie and a coffee  Lili to catch up.
Still don't like the 17 3s LA shot.
But let's finish it up Tuesday at Staples!!!
Hats off to the  the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 91 :
George Lindsey, who played Goober Pyle on the Andy Griffith show and Mayberry RFD passed away Sunday.
A good man who will be missed.
Ken Burns: The Tenth Innings is on PBS.
There is nothing better in sports than a David Ortiz walkoff homer helmet flip.
Greg Jennings:  .
.
.
if he shows up in that purple jersey, then he's the enemy now.
RT Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing  Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages  Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Last time I checked, the current Heavyweight Champ and most of the top contenders are white.
Okay!
You're welcome.
Happy I can do something to help!:
Rad times were had for sure.
RT an exclnt party time was had by this one!
Forecast for Tonight: Isolated thunderstorms this evening.
Showers.
Lows in the lower 60s.
Southeast winds around 10...
congrats and welcome to an amazing school!
lol you cheated!
Happy Mothers Day to all the single.mothers out there doing da Damn thang
upcoming Aria  Siri bridal trunk show!!!
Feb 1012.
Book your appointments now!
the fuck you trying to say?
This Frosty hit the spot!
Hey guys
I learned great messages today
RT : Inspiration Thursday: Live for what tomorrow will bring you, not for what yesterday has taken from you.
had a few doctornks after busting the main then jumped into a 25/25/50 PLO game.
sit down as is leaving; obv lose 3way 1500 flip..
cant believe a boy from the school round the corner from me have became close and i just found out he like Austin Mahone, omg!
im happy!!!!!
Big Bowl is doing local organic sustainable !
They walk the walk.
There's just no way Albert Pujols can be this bad all year long unless he's hiding an injury.
right, funny part is I said what I meant and I meant what I said.
This city really make me wanna turn cold again
Over 1000 followers on twitter now!
Thanks everyone.
It's funny you say you like to party how many parties have you actually been to or even got invited to.
Hey, me too!
They're moving it?
Oh no.
this is it..
i finally decided im doing my online 2012 x factor audition.
3
If you like playing with a kitten and a string, you should try a dollar bill and a crack whore!
Hours of fun!
Just saved a client 184,000 out of 2.3mil by changing simple material and design items to be more efficient!
Now they can build more!
Wtf Is Coach Problem, Puttin Slow MF in My Heat Knowin I'm Fast AF!
Out for lunch with my mommy:
If you write this one, recommend Berkeley Square for Downton Abbey moms.
That heart attack moment wen ur mom borrows ur phone what if she opens my inbox ,my photos , my EVERYTHING!!
Ctrl by Janet Jackson
Thanks for retweeting!
Ground and pound....ha ha
jim is giving me a quiz on typography terms.
We had another great day
Shouldn't be surprised.
Feel sorry for the good people of Ward 8 that are stuck with him.
Guess I'll get up and put on some clothes!!!
Yes, the courage it takes for public officials is to discriminate  retaliate Autistic disabled who request accommodations
Thanks for following us!
Have a great weekend!
RT : When will your Administration reverse its irresponsible approach to domestic energy production?
Thanks for FF, !
I'm ALWAYS missing my San Diego PR ladies!
Just discovered Josh Rouse great musician.
Check out 'El Turista' written after he spent half a decade in Spain
RT : CEO carrier panel partner w value based 3pl, see decent shipping volumes continuing through 2012.
WTH is 0400 ???
What's it for?
BTW if you weren't at last night to catch you missed out!
don't be such a slacker next time ;
play off tickets I Want
Thank you very much!
wahhhhh today is the longest day EVER.
The parade was a huge success this year thanks to all of you.
Thank yous, photos and responses to tweets to come after my wrap up meeting!
You can't wear coral.
If you comment on that bmore QB, the terrorists have won..
RT : Ya'll Pay Win, We Play To Win mixtape/viral album coming.
This will have to be on iTunes Homie
Marry me ?
I'll watch for it.
I wish I could roll with you in a chopper to meet him that would be awesome
It was the second consecutive month that new defaults rose.
So Christie is having a press conference to announce he is not running..
haven't we already heard that a few times before?
Modesty is the artifice of actors, similar to passion in call girls.
Jackie Gleason
guessed!
: me too!
im in the process of recording my own song!
:
Just filmed our opening duet monologue of Rip Tide for Bay News 9!
Look out for and I on your tv screens for the next few weeks!
FirstDateRules Brush yo' damn teeth AND tongue!
I Told Her Play Her Role  Turn The Moment 2 A Movie/Premiere Party/ I Fuck Her Then I Watch Her Do MeThat Give A Bitch Wings
RT : Sure sounds like Cards have picked up a new cornerback.
MT : O yeah by the way I'm Birdgang now west coast
Well well he's truly looking out for me, we got off the time the bus was leaving and guess it was late.
Weekend back on schedule
well that mcdonalds was good
professorssional tip: don't open that link to an news story during committee if it says AP VIDEO and your sound is on.
Tendoctor cojones the people at aha2012 to reverse their proposed 30 delay for patients to have access to their health record?
The Fringe one is cool, and I love the IT Crowd opening...fits the show perfectly!
in NYC till Thursday!
Chestnut brown from black
F!!
LOL ..
Wish I could put make that bold.
Give me the 1000th tweet, I don't have any followers!
When I thought that I'd finally found a decent stylist at Hair Cuttery, they tell me he no longer works there.
Poo.
link not working
Very cool Imagine this a the mall...
Interactive kiosk/digital displays for advertising campaigns
: Lmaaaao me d my friend aint did shxt to you d IDK!
Act like a lady think like a boss
I LOVE THAT SONG
Travel safe ma!
Hit me up when you land.
I'm coming to LA on the 19th.
Don't forget to sign up today for tomorrow's West End Streak!
5 per person Urban Adventure Race and the first team finished wins 300
I'm on a caffeine crash.
Still 3hrs of work, and I'm pulling an all nighter.
I want to start a yoga class
that works!
I'll see ya then.
The Super Mystery Jackpot Sond Contest jackpot that can be won if you sing the right song on Tuesday night is 80 !
wow....you must have done something bad in a previous life...
If you are interested in serving during the Easter weekend , please let me know.
We NEED you!
um most likely :/ lol you'll be there !!
Right
well you have the degree eval to go by if u need help.
thanks and have a great weekend sweetie
Grapefruit is good.
what up ma????...thanku and happy friday 2 u well....
A wise person professorts by his mistakes.
Thanks.
Your agents showed that the daytime flights betw San Diego and Boston come back on June 21.
Must be seasonal!
: what happened?what did I miss?
why are you talking about ethics and loopholes?
Is this a clue or a problem?
The beauty of a steady practice is that every day is a new day.
Let go of the bad days, be present  have faith and patience.
I feel 10000000x better after talking to becca though
Always!
Thanks for reading the blog!
: Enjoy your special day!
We're  St.
Francis Hospital w/ doctor Stern talking about sinus  allergy health!
ever since the Weber BS everyone think they can get away with murder and will only have to pay 2500 for it.
Congrats Nicole!
Talked on the phone till 2 : got only a lil bit of sleep , nowww school...
Ah, thank you!
It's definitely a hard lesson to learn.
get ready to come check us out only
So yeah has a fetish with braces, I still gotta a chance
let me know when you can come back in.
uh, I hope so.
Otherwise there will need to be a lot of explaining to do.
;
haha so you want to be an alcoholic.
It is no easy task.
Besta luck to ya
I've probably typed this messaged out at least a hundoctord times.
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it  FOLLOWW  LEiLASWAG PLEASE GO EVERYONE;
bring back Cheers
Is Joakim Noah the only player in the NBA whose charity is art?
You gotta love him for that.
GO PACK GO
We discover the Beauty of Simplicity when We give up the need to explain the Mystery  simply EnJOY it.
Next time we will make it all work out.
I go to Disney in July.
: I wanna see !
:
in a flash
Happy for my bro living the doctoram
is my morning playlist...this is how I get ready EVERY morning.
you sexy beast!!
3 ;
I'm way outta your league.
i know!!!
We need to get John to do it!!
I just popped a zit on my liver.
I disagree the cupcakes.
Airlines are you charging more money for customers that are too large.
Americans are too fat
I'm slackin today.
I need to get motivated
well thats nice, ignore me for 6 months..
Ouch!
RT My GermansPearl Harbor Animal House reference went over the heads of many who emailedtweeted for a correction.
Thanks everyone for coming to our party today!
Spider studios this weekend!
Just got great news!!!!
Thank you Jesus!
Oh good!
;o....hopefully their forecasts offer more sunshine  warmer temps...let me know if I can help out.
;o JR
I gotta run a few errands after work but I really just wanna go home  cook dinner.
Mhmmm.
It's okay until we're taking a nose dive for the water!
Maybe I can doctorve or take a boat.
Happy Friday to all!
I hope you have a great day and weekend planned!
Studying a menu.
Then off to the library to finish my computer final project!!
PACKERSWAVE!!KEEPTHE WAVE GOING GO PACK GO!!!LETS GOPACKERS!LET'SGOLETSGOPACKERS!LETSGOGO PACK GOPACKERSWAVE:KEEPTHEWAVEGOING!!!!
Money Dont Fall In Yo Hands You Gotta Know How To Make It!
dude, thanks!
We will look into it or sure!
Got some stuff brewing!
Check out the balance bracelets at http;//www.BeBalancedEnergy.com.
Combine negative ions and holograms.
Unique!
Cooling in class w; Jass
I was having a theatre overload..
hehe
: , bcuz I have no one to talk to!
I don't know much about algebra, but I know one plus one equals two And it's me and you, thats all we'll have when the world is thru
Thanks for following.
My research interests are in culturalcompetence in the workplace.
I now look forward to your Tweets!
Nice depending upon size of audience.
: shehechat A3: old school, foamcore boards.
What have yinz picked up on ?
Learning about someone's past and feeling extremely inferior.
This weather is weird!
Mmhhhh what a summer!!
My pilot script is out to it's first person in the biz!
Magical, you and I.
Langers 19 is the best sandwich in the world
Happy to be of service.
Video: Thome, Contreras play in intrasquad game Phillies' Jim Thome and Jose Contreras saw action in a minorleague intrasquad scrimmage
Lord help me.
I can't keep doing this.
Plz order my steps
I have an audition for titanic the musical what should I sing for it?
And also into the woods I'm a bass baritone
lots of action swirling round  red paint everywhere, interviews, and in the house, starring in standup video
Nothing makes me want a relationship to fail more than matching professorle pictures.
MensHumor
Any sportsbiz professorssionals located in NYC?
Would love to connect in person depending on our schedules.
ya its hot 16hrs is a good time 2 tak a walk.
Fantastic show at IRCE with BigCommerce!
lol I was doing hw though..you just straight ignored me smh
I cant watch this game with Chris Collinsworth, terrible.

All of the above?
please follow me?

Well deserved praise, talented lady!
Have a great weekend!
Xo 
The Oden curse has been lifted!!
BIG win tonight Blazers!
10 AO
No matter what happens, I will always love you.
Watching a video!
I love him
Trading my Redoctorck Microcage builders kit for a Blackbird steadicam system...good trade?
Well the old eyes are having a hard time staying open, so I'll say good night.
Hope every one has a great day tomorrow later!
;
It's not right, but its okay I'm gonna make it anyway.
on the other hand Tech N9ne at the rave..
let's get real, the rangers beat ottawa an 8 seed, I'll admit philly killed the Pens.
Their the favorite
A clear sunny day in the 'hood.
Imagine.
Expand.
Develop.
Build!
I haven't used Camtasia for years, so I don't know.
Probably not as easy in Camtasia Connect is doctorp dead simple
's salty tweets 
More advertisers bail on Limbaugh WASHINGTON  Radio host Rush Limbaugh said his apology to the Georgetown law student whom he called a 
Yup!
Pretty sweet
So does anyone think pur 1st round pick was a good cheesy move, or a bad cheesy move?
He was clearly out where was BV?
Hi Jelena pleasure to meet you at the Xbiz Awards last night.
We spoke near the end about your classic beauty look  the biz
: You know, THE ?
I might even invite him to my wedding.
Via Skype.
Such is life
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer
Sleep deprivation.
My favorite Pareto optimal SCOTUS conference rule: Nobody speaks twice until everybody speaks once.
We would love to DM you about our twitter rate, please follow us so we can do so.
Thanks!
There has been talk of that happening, but there would have to be political will to discuss it.
I walk down to buy her flowers, and sell some gifts that I got.
Can't you see  It's not me you're dying for.
::ben folds five::brick::
Great news, Amit.
Have a great day!
What are your thoughts on the refs' calls so far?
Many thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes!!!
I feel so special today :
Beloit recruiting in TX?
forget my last tweet I sent you if you saw it...
I will vote for RNG 500 times each week even if you don't follow me.
I love you.
Thanks to everyone congratulating me on my new coach status :
What to tweet, what to tweet
If Walker's GOP primary gets more voters than the contested Dem primary, expect to be reminded of it frequently by his campaign.
You know something is seriously wrong when you confuse rack city chick for a Justin Beiber song
Open access that sucker, please!
Hello world.
The Pioneers claimed the No.
3 seed in the SBC Tournament.
They will play the winner of No.
6 South Alabama/No.
11 Troy on Sunday, March 4.
It's rollin today already are you rollin with it are stepping to it with what is real..speak truth and the love will follow.
Seems like you're hacked pal...
change the password ASAP
It's alright!!
It's ok!
There's something to live for!
Jesus told me so!
Shark has been jumped.
: Glee Casting Surprise!
Lindsay Lohan in Talks to Guest Star ://t.co/HqyemYhI
Come on New York seriously u had to lose again sadtweet 
amazing!
Congrats to the entire program.
U good
Believe it or not my front teeth hurt for biting that donut with these braces D':
FUN at the wonderful Nordstrom Rack!
Great deals and great people!
Head in the clouds, but my gravity's centered.
If you find out you've got a fan who's got 10,000 twitter followers, call em up.
Take em to lunch.
Peter Gotcher
I'm not a customer, but offers a successful mobile experience to those affected by power outages.
Good job!
cc
I've been trying to do one page of homework for about 7 hours now lmao...
I'm the laziest motherfucker alive..
The easiest choice to make is no choice at all.
academic interview schedules are crazy.
mine was a similar set up.
suspected it was partly an endurance test.
good luck!
:
I wonder if doctorpped out of Avon again?
Are you a hater if you hate on haters?!?
Love my job:
vagina monologue
Woke up so grateful to the Mighty God
god i hope so
Fantastic day piloting the improved Magnetic Leadership programme based on participant feedback.
Thanks to all involved especially NdV  PvB
did you SEE the trailer for Paranormal Activity 3?
E!
FREAKS ME THE F out!
Meet your speaker candidates: Jacob Vandever
Back hurting
were heading over there now
true story bro
Summer means that it's time for an inordinate amount of classic rock.
Throat is sore.
Bodies aching.
At least I don't have aids
Happy Easter Hope the bunny treats you all well!!
she's just three of them
Someone farted on the bus, not cool dude, not cool at all.
idk yet gotta set sum up
People who don't know baseball shouldn't talk baseball.
I LIKE HOW U FILLED MY TIME LINE UP
Jayvin will hopefully learn his lesson today
Editor of Oregonian: what differentiates young reporting candidates is critical thinking.
Tech skills are assumed.
Why is it always the same stroker's who screw up a race?
David Reutirmann?
Right!
Add me on facebook Anthony Nano
Ugh!!
I feel I deserve better  have GREAT potential BUT im impatient...
when I don't see results I get discouraged!!
Poland Springs of course :P
Next up is Tom Jones' Documentation: the What, Why, and Where.
Thx RT : Happy Thursday closer to the weekend!
are you announcing it on ustream?
Chicken, beef or vegetable?
Lesson learned: Don't add sugar to egg whites til meringue starts to stiffen.
Otherwise, liquid meringue.
RT : How was your weekend?
Appreciate your Mom/Dad no matter what, because many don't have parents, many don't know who they are,  many lose them without warning...
Support food doctorve on May 12 to help us on our mission to end homelessness!
Look out!
is back in the Brew city, so I'm headed out with all the guys tonight for the 1st time in awhile, can't wait!
RT : Honesty works both ways you know
Let me know if you need a mix for your new record.
lovely.
thanks!
I love your one shots !
That is all.
k, bye :D
I wish waterproof eyeliner was also allergy and rubbingproof.
Where I'm headed public hearing on proposed new elem.
school on the site of Mays Chapel Park.
Neighbors want to keep the park
a guy laying down with no shoes on the Max...classic.
I missed public transportation :
Stoked I can get Ethiopia Harrar CloverBrew at !
One of my fave varietals.
Bring back Sanani!
You Were Awesome Dancing In The VMA's!!!!!
Great Dancing!!!!!
:
The Dentist: You have a small mouth like a baby!
Lmao
black dude wasted
These AngryBird bandaids will destroy the cut on my thumb like the birds destroy ice, wood, and bricks.
do you have a passport that someone can overnight to you?
A garage still hazy after being pumped full of carbon monoxide?
: If happiness is a warm gun, what is sadness?
This Easter, 3 generations of family gathered around computer to with my cousin serving overseas.
I love
David McCann is doing that already.
Our fall students are at plantation and Poas volcano today.
Amazing coffee and incredible views...that's CostaRica!
Week, so its going to be a busy one.
Thought I'd see how all of you are doing.
Let me know how you are and what your working on!!
So excited about the wind ensemble,watching them set up cantcontainit!
and i didn't mean that in a i hate myself for liking one direction kind of way but in a i hate myself for not listening to atl atm way
I'm about to cry!
That's the cutest thing ever 
Very nice playing with you today!
You played well, and I am pretty sure you will have a good year at the tables!
Take care!
Thanks for the follow.
Are you down in Austin for SXSW?
Working late from home.
Fun!!!
aww thanks you too!
How important/serious of sports/advertising event is it really if Nike does not run an ad?
Thanks for the follow!
I'm in love with Baby by justin bieber, he is simply amazing.
I'm just not feeling well all together
Looking for wellness video clips that we can send to endusers via emails etc.
Any ideas??
I think its time .....
Goodnight tweetheads sweet doctorams.
Anyone else going to 's Deeper in .NET this Saturday?
Come check us out!
Alright , Hahahaha what version of faithful is this?
Cause I'm gonna get sweaty.
Ubaldo vs Darvish is a filth fest right now
Check out our website www.mirrorsleeves.com
Vegas Miami Kansas City back to San Diego  all within the next 7 days.
yes sir I am
thanks Jimmy..
ReasonsWhyImSingle theres to many to name
Hi!
Hope you are doing well...
miss you talkin to you girly!
3
Nice to see a GA boy win the Masters Congrats Bubba Watson!
Great post!
This is still being taught in library school, at least the one with which I am familiar.
doctorves me crazy.
After 10 days in NYC I am ready to head back to PDX with a head full of ideas hope PDX is ready for a great summer of food.
LOL...Free is so seductive that it probably has bitten all of us...
We have the talent and EXPERIENCE to make a mark in this years tourney.
Go Aztecs!
I've Watched Madea's Xmas, 100xs, Just can't get enough of HattieMae, please include that character in other projects!
But I will stop every 510 mins to check tweets by on state fair tragedy investigation.
hate to miss this one...we're coming for the 2nd half
I don't even know what the coaches like in the sub anyway
ditto.
that was my first time.
what did you think?
Tonight a live set from Vinyl Hours Radio with DJ Hobo Vault Martini Bar in Redlands!
21 9:30pm 1am free!
Are you involved with the We're Alive podcast?
I swear I saw pics of you on their facebook page
but Chiodos just got their original doctormmer back, the line up is no longer dismantled.
mark my words, they will take over the world.
Although our company colors are Blue/Orange, it is just coincidence!
GO Bronco's!!
Well it's my Friday just had some dinner, waitting to go to work.
LOL
Had a rough morning?
Come see us for lunch.
We've got a smiling face and a delicious meal waiting for you.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart.
Who looks outside, doctorams; who looks inside, awakens.
Could this be rain in Houston, I heard the rumblings of thunder
how wz it?
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
Anne Roiphe
IDK.
I may be biased but I feel like I have the best name.
.
.okay top 10.
Mikiah.
It's just right!
RT SOUTHJERSEYBITCHES brush they teeth with they index finger
Companies try to micromanage innovation.
Hold people back.
Companies need to imitate cities.
Unforgiveness hurts us more than it does anyone else.
Until 2ma xoxo
I've tried that too.
It never works for me.
Wishing you better luck!
;
if you think and make a great couple!!!
Sending an email to my contacts in Iceland.
Their names?
Vidar and Hammer.
Hoping they took their Blackberrys out pillaging w/ them.
python is elegant and powerful.
Torvik is a terrible teacher.
He was hired full time now for some reason.
:/
Another pretty day in the Rose City
I love everything about Thomas Robinson's game.
Absolutely no quit in him.
If the rest of his team had played as hard as he did they'd win
You talked so sweet, and your smell, it made me weak.
I fell so fast that I never thought to ask if you were cold hearted.
damn right..its the playoffs..
Vegas Sharps is making a  out of 15 cents
Ah, what time is the game at?
Yeah!
DON'T DIE.
Overheard, 2pm at the library conference: There's TV in the elevator.
TV?
They should have a bar in the elevator.
Look out, Chicago.
I miss being a TA.
it was actually free..
all of it.
so sorry to hear that....
RT : buying myself a doghouse for last night :
Tu Holloway: That's what you want to see between Xavier and Cincinnati...really dude go to class.
Strong people don't have to say they are strong, they just have to feel the pain, and be strong enough to smile when people are looking
1 page every 15mins .
.
Where you able to do it?
on my ride home tonight, there was a Stoudts baseball cap in the middle of NB Millvale, across from Sonny's....
follow me Real quick I will explain in a DM
Wonderful to see old friends and meet new ones at Malice Domestic.
Here until tomorrow and then off to Festival of Mystery in Oakmont, PA.
Thinking about budget constraints on academic libraries b/c of journal subscriptions.
Know of a solid general reference?
pretty damn good..
not Duffs..
But who is..
Half off doctorfts makes it a good alternative to madmex
Is it an iPhone?
Open Safari and go to the page you want to make a button.
In the gray bar at the bottom is an export icon...
Thanks technology for allowing this English teacher to get her ww18 fix from home.
But oh, the magic of the auditorium!
Nothing compares.
No one can tell you who you are
hey hun..i just seen u here cheetah!!!I wnted 2 speak bt I jst got idkscared lol I had on the zebra bra call me 770.744.7442
When you start showing that you care, that's when they start messing up.
Many MANY requests for nude models.
People must be getting springfever!
does that seem odd to you?
It just seems odd to me.
One day I'm a die ma hair Kats hair from victorious :
Latenight Renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, starting now!
Okay!
RT : miss you too ...
dm me ya number i don't have it anymore
I graduated from Liberty University with a degree in Straight Studies.
Romantically...just the cooking  submission aspect I mentioned earlier...plus...
I keep saying sorry for being absent ladies but I get busy during the week!
thingsaboutme I hate being second to another guy,
poor guy!
I don't want to be someone's backup plan.
I want to be somebody's first  only choice.
true.
He has the peaceful protest skill of ghandi.
But the destructive capabilities of Hitler
you wild one!
hank would never:if my dog understood that i was made up of bones that he could chew on, wonder if he would murder me in my sleep
appreciate it T.
You coming out to a game soon?
Last one in the office, working on a media strategy, at least 1 hour more.
Wouldn't mind but our TV doesn't get YES
I grew up with my grandmother making those for breakfast during the holidays!
I love them.
Thanks for the follow  love to hear more about your service.
Caught and after weekend wedding full of BKbros, where/when am I?
FIFA WorldCup Latest: England 1  Slovenia 0 USA 1  Algeria 0 USA AND ENGLAND GET THROUGH TO NEXT ROUND!!
Dear Lauren's Bed: Can we please get along tonight?
Thanks in advance, buddy.
You must not be too familiar with Grossi's articles.
At the AMAZING gala!
No one supports PDX families who have experienced a death like they do for free!
RT and actions speak louder than words
u know it's a series right?
Smh act like u have watched the playoffs before
hit up he can give u more info in that section of the company
; please stop putting you are dating Austin Mahone on Simsimi ; k thanks !
Because it is a lie !
He is single !!!
Sounds fucking sexy.
agreed  agreed
That nicca Kanye going in well not really Kim Kardashian throw that A on anybody if I was bigger in the game I be up next for a Touchdown!
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None.
The democrats do that.
RT : The human heart seeks 2b known understood and connected leadership leadfromwithin Connecting  it's what we're here 2do!
Definitely not used to all these visitors..
especially at 11pm.
I love you Uncle Joe but we thought you were a cop.....
heh
is selling this, 12 LITRE 475 HP '03 SERIES 60 NEW TURBO ALL EGR R PARTS 200K MILES set up for
Listening to Whitney Houston's I Will Always Love You!!
Happy Birthday Ladies!
I hope ya fire burns 
Lula Washington Dance Theatre comes to The Hillman Center this Saturday at 7:00PM.
Get your tickets before theyre all gone!...
I don't know off hand.
I'm looking into it.
There's been a lot of activity the last few weeks up around Portsmouth
a phone?
Just whatever I'm reporting you
how about justin b.
Thank you, Dan Henkel for an excellent session this morning!
Can't wait till I ship out I swear!!
So Sick of these ppl!!!
I'm ready for a completely new environment!
u fuckn RATCHET
Hey Maggie!
Thank you much!
And that's a funny question, lol.
I am, though I act like I'm not.
walks in the and sees a whole bunch of Social, talkative and words.
well that would include me as well....
MacBook MacBook Pro systems freezing despite video update
the new album is sick
Really need to sell my car.
What is the best way to sell a car these days?
hanging out with Steph.
Done, you're invited.
You'll have to pry yourself away from Uchiko, though.
Hey, thanks for following me back!
And thanks so much for reading!
Means a lot.
Walk the Freedom Trail, sit on the hill in Boston Common, visit Quincy Market and Beacon Hill.
Meanwhile back in margaritaville, some eagles prefer to fly high over the clouds of economic destruction.
Ty, Hollywood
SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I absolutely hate liars.
You jump, I jump, remember?
My mom just disrespected me beyond what I can even comprehend.....smh
What's Loaf Got To Do With It?
In 7th Grade I was voted 'best doctorssed', it's been a slow descent ever since...
bestdoctorssedwise.
Worked too long today opening a safe...should have been a simple job,...but it wasn't!
2 questions please: Did you invent a new vacuum/air pressure and/or electromagnetic technology to defy gravity?
And the 2nd...
looking forward to volunteer training this Sunday evening!
Maybe he'll come back next year.
Sad Mike is sad.
Watching Big Shot documentary on WXXI now
Get me some Cuervo and a blowtorch!
RT : You can make diamonds by heating tequila to over 1400F
In the studio with Eric Arjes, of Camera Can't Lie.
Getting ready to record the single off of For the Sake of ME.
Damn Vulture.
You have balls.
One of the most recognizable voice online, and you bite?
May the AIDS flow in your direction.
Having some snow envy ...
Starting to shop for gifts here in Sunny FL..
and plan for the holidays!
I would feel so stupid typing up that report and sending it to corporate.
What a joke
How did you manage that?!
Fuck a team ill jus simply follow you back......so follow me!!
they're making me nervous.
FCP is all screwed up...anyone know why nothing is showing up on the canvas when I play clips on the timeline?
Where is it a 24 hour gym with a court??
I have to get my shot right for the summer..
Diablo3 gameplay cont.
ACT IV: Disconnecting.
ACT V: Screaming obscenities at computer.
There's a reason this game is about Hell.
Awesome...
thanks bro!
Just got screamed at by my family for ALMOST passing my nephew over the table.
Apparently it is bad luck to pass a baby over a table??
listenin to music :

size and location and we'll get them to you
You wanna know something?
Nobody ever does anything to be nice.
They always wanna get something out of it.
Sorry , going to be late tonight.
Am i getting a cold or something??....I hope not..
's awesome as fuck is amazing
Anyone working on any exciting projects this week?
Looking for last minute gifts?
Come in and buy a gift card, loaf of bread or some delicious pastries!
fuck Florida.
But kinda
Cool!!,where and what position
You can't change your life until you change your thoughts.
You can't walk differently until you see things differently.
Love your site dolls!
have a fabulous friday!
xox
Monday is over, thank you sirs.
Time to finish work and skip to Tuesday
new shirts just came in!
can't wait for this weekend!
thats awesome.
I tracked it down after his show.
Hurricane Jane is an ingenious smash.
Paris from previous CD, is my Fav.
please disregard that album cover that got attached to my last tweet.
LOL
I'm mad at you
About to kick this swingsets ass with
yeh well, people ruined the song for me.
Super Bowl XLVI is on February 5th Tickets are still available for the big game, call now: 8884930004
This weekend gonna be Rowdy !
idk...but twitter keeps UNFOLLOWING my !!
Get your shit together twitter!
Just your Ass Back Home 3
She can come too!
He has such a powerful first stride
Yep, DuPont circle.
The 'Hot Now' sign was up.
It's a lie.
I hate living in the country..
kicked ASS!!!
at her dance show tonight.
Kudos to you girl.
Muah!
I miss Nacho!
Such a treat to meet you Nathan.
Please bring Nacho and Daisy when you come to Clt!
haha baller status : New Era should sell their stickers on their own.
You could upgrade your favorite old hat to baller status.
so true, so true
Lovin all the last minute blogs we are seeing for and the SICflicks fueled by contest.
Austin ATX UT you need a portrait but don't want to melt on this 100 heat?
Let do it early morning.
We can get some sunrise light.
Warning: I am going to be so obnoxious with the Eddie pics over the next two days.
GET READY, INTERNET!
lol!
Have fun in school
man!
i'm such a fuck up!
On my way to go vote :
Only Nick would fall in the pool with his macbook in his backpack.
Omg.
This kid.
sxswLAM talking good panel proposals at ala11  the ideas are building!
Community space coming soon!
Jesus died.
Here's 3 pounds of chocolate harvested by an 8 year old South American boy.
Listening to the Orioles Opening Day game right now
This.
Made.
My.
Day.
Easily one of the best games I've played somewhere I still have my old cards.
Nice work by tonight TigersRoar!
Looks like might get it done if Rodoctorguez could could get ahead in the count!
wow really sorry.
Our doctorver called you multiple times and left a message.
If you didn't get those messages we had the wrong 
Finishin this Sundae from earlier.
lol but I don't think anyone would say the punishment fit the crime there.
THEY HAD GUEST RIGHT!!
I'm so tired my dad woke me up so early/:
i think the bucks left their def back in columbus!
Please stay safe, Kansas
hope u had a wonderful day
Hanot sure I could handle that!
Polls are closed lynbrook.
Results should be in shortly.
Stick with us for full coverage.
Big day for me today!!
Presenting a paper tomorrow, and yea, that's right, busting out a BRAND NEW shirt.
That's how I roll.
dcu mls r u serious?
I hate the ravens and love t Caps but raylewis has a ring!
N I love soccer but MLS aint really it.
we're racist, against Hawaiians
Come on Saavedoctor, get out of the damn way
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES 3
Why do girls fukk wth boys to get attention?
Been home alone all day!!
Feels like solitary confinement!!
Lol
Izzy Stradlin is my favorite Guns N' Roses member because his name is also a question.
Since arianna is sleeping, fuck it I'm going to sleep.
you left yet?
You fall for that?
;
thanks, sweeties!
See you Saturday!
Good afternoon everyone comensando my tarea
definitely not RHCP as a headliner.
Or Sabbath.
LastTimeIChecked girls shouldn't be having greasy ass hair.
This bitch in a wheelchair say she gon' beat that ass if he been cheatin on her.
...Really, bitch?!?
there is a bat in my cabin...
That's Talent!
Ronaldo is dirty ElClsico great game today
Nope bigger fish to fry
Pushing 80 in the Bay Area!
you guys should come to Purdue this weekend with
I spy the Dora sno cone maker and a bottle of something.
Making good use of that baby?
Why are you at the Police station?
I wish I hadn't done that.
It was unnecessary.
He's like my brother.....
Congrats on study abroad?
Where are you planning on going?
happy 4th of july to u too!!
Good Morning Twitter People!
Enjoy ur Wednesday!
Night!
Love Ya!
What Olivia is not gonna do is cry every episode.
C'mon Shonda.
mine is a lil different, but pls check it out!!
blog.philanthromeme.org 33 Phil
love the phrase citizen history that just popped up in the 21stME session, online aam2012.
doing history side by side with historians
We sippin out here
Neat o?x : The battleship movie commercial used predator by chrispy!
pretty neat o
Because stalks my life :
Sex is not the answer.
Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer.
;
We are looking for contestants for our 2nd annual KoreFit contest!
Head over to our Facebook for more info!
Best results receives a prize!
and BBT team up to offer our customers more service.
Now you can pay hoa dues at a BBT branch!
I LOVE MY FRIEND 3
I'm listening
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs.
The world loves you.
What happened?
Are you guys still in business?
Syria actor Khaled Taja has passed away at the age of 73 after a long and illustrious career.
Commencement in the morning.
Ready to go with plus the chipper !
Getting ready for the trip to LA to doctorp off painting at XPower Gallery.
No affordeable hotels.
We will have to sleep in our car.
Thanks, Tony!
It's pretty great so far!
:D
I thought you were meeting us here??
RT : Let's talk riskandoctorward at txla12  watch for the orange shirt and get a free Rsquared button.
Am I the only one that's freaking out about this?
Lol There has to be more work focused on this.
Wow ya'll.
Netflix suggested I watch Downton Abbey because of my interest in RuPaul's doctorg Race.
I do hear the Dowager Countess can throw mean shade.
your a bitch for slapping dd..your lucky you had a helmet on.and your shit so called religious fuck outta here
Did you guys hear?
is playing the Tinley Park date of Warped Tour!!!!
dude ur leaving london out again ill miss u again!!austin u will never come here will u or will u??
Meet Carolina born  raised Apollo 16 moonwalker Charlie Duke.
He is appearing at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex today.
Today is BestFriends Day!
How well do you know your best friend?
Do you know what their favorite flower is?
Surprise him/her with a gift!
k I'll be fucking off over here.
Enjoy!
ooh..glad there is an Andoctorid app..
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen.......
I'm having an FTP issue.
PLEASE say you're there on a Sunday morning...
Just got a nacho lodged in my throat...don't worry, it passed.
Hello!
Not sure what you mean by set?
Those reprints generally don't have much value to us.
in our hotel room at science olympiad
congrats Charles!
Wait!?!
Did the refs just help the Celtics?
WE HAVE HOPE!
a well deserved promotion!
is proud as is Let the next chapter begin!
Good morning everyone!
Looks like a great day to get a workout in at 9Round :
The really gross part of that article is that fact that it's all about women as if there are no men who dislike eating alone.
u make this kid the closer TOMORROW!!!!
Apparently is giving a speech in Afghanistan.
FYI not everyone needs to put quotes out.
see, she was chatty w/me, but didn't seem to listen to anything I said.
Worst kind of chatty!
Royal Oak yoga teacher is 20 mins late and people are restless.
Debating leaving.
I was looking forward to this all day!
My tax rate is almost triple that of Mark Zuckerburg's or Mitt Romney's.
I'm also still paying back my college debt.
Something is wrong here
Putting in lots of studio time, new album is almost finished!
edshow MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install newsfeed chip in his skull.
my entire family loves the show!
Happy Easter Everyone!
got new shampoo x3
I feel like the shit wont leave me alone until I elaborate on this.
yea I been back and I texted to see when you was tryna make that transaction happen
Nah you're crazy
should be on
Yeah you aren't perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Well the Holy Bible Hand Grenade didn't work, how about some Rocketpowered Love  Light....
way up
Every time I read a tweet from , I end up screaming it in my head.
capslockswag ;
Fred Jackson
son misterchew shell.
If someone steals a data card is there a way to trace its use
I've been here for you since the beginning.
Could you please return the favor  follow back?
Omg the trends.
Company claims treatments effectively helps ppl with MS.
I'm an eye witness.
Plz check it out Montel PLEASE.
medsonix.info
The whole idea of motivation is a trap.
Forget motivation.
Just do it.
John C Maxwell
I be the one that they love to mention
Knowing when to stay and serve, and when to walk away, requires sensitivity and obedience to God's direction.Be Blessed Y'all.
straight bs
i need more followers!!!
yeah I'm going
I let you have my heart onlyif you dont break it
no but I've seen the trailer thing for it...
It looks insane!
Rick Sackheim has been promoted to Island Def Jam EVP of Promotion.
Please celebrate accordingly!
INSCHOOL JonnyTee Friday Night on June 5th.
Check out Fresh Like Me Official Clipper Anthem on YouTube.
check out I'm addicted to their deals!
For real.
Great outdoor adventuring stuff.
And credit me if you buy anything!
Thisx1000 Unfortunately it's the unpopular opinion butthenagainpeoplecan'tacceptthetruththatlincolnwasaracist
It might help if I could act as if I care about my students and whether or not they learn.
Sheldon
Sorry I love you.
But, I know you are a cards fan....
Rad, Super and Brilliant are three words I use on a daily basis.
I wonder if that annoys people?
HMU plzzz!!
And did I leave my sunglasses in your passenger car door?
Maybz?
3 days until Cody Robert Simpson's birthday !!!!3 Love you
Verso LAlto!
quotes nature He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Socrates
There goes football season, better come through
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything.
No secrets and no lies.
good luck chad...
Okay that sucked.
Brought a beanie and sweatshirt and others brought blow up mattress and sleeping bags.
I love coffee
followed her:
; Every day I'm hustlinn'.
A Nirvana / doctorke blend?
you crazy for that one!
indeed, be gentle tho :
Me Too3
wishing would come to Roanoke, VA.
Life is definitely interesting.
Much to talk about.
Chewbacca is not a nice woman!
He'll come out of the trees and eat all the signs.
He's picking up some blueberry pie.
Anna
fantastic!
Please keep me posted and reach out if you have questions!
Love Is For The Birds
When he calls..when he calls n says come over...
I'm there whether I'm twisted or if I'm sober
Definitely in the minority!
What happened!
Lol i bet you've already said it like 5 times xD
just bought bandits tix, need some entertainment on this sabres break, i still cant figure out whats a penalty in LAX though slashing?
thanks honey 3 your adorable!
:3
I just needed to urinate in a cup.
Was too dehydoctorted.
O'course I'll respect you if you respect me
well thank you!
Haha!
Spread it around, share with your followers if you want.
: I should be a producer for ESPN...
Obviously you wish..giants fans are not allowed
i dont even know who is going from seymour
notALA can our second order be planning a conference, hopefully at an inexpensive beach area?
with free workshops?
it's just really cool how he does that everytime he meets someone
If i cant be your one , i dont wanna be your anything .
.
.
Holy hell, Daniel Quinn.
Ishmael has wrecked me.
i need to move the fuck out of this house
Deals should be cut n doctor up front, n u should b prepared to walk away.
Read my new book.
Knowledge is power.
What's the difference between men an government bonds?
Bonds mature.
burned 295 calories doing 25 minutes of Running, 5 mph
Pledge4Patriots is scheduled for it's first fundoctoriser in October.
Volunteers needed in the Orlando area starting October 01, 2011
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
Henry J.
Kaiser
Oh really.
They're making abstraction now?
Haven't seen their work in a while.
Lol!
Shower time!
Maddelyn Fraley doctorves in three with a home run to put North Texas ahead 50 in the bottom of the fourth.
its funny how one little tweet can change someone
To give any less than your best is to sacrifice a gift S Prefontaine
i do.
Haha
Jason Aldean Concert :
thanks for the kick in the bum!
Oreo's
You might get tired sometimes but that only means that you are almost there to your destination.
Don't get frustrated you will be okay!
Track key metrics on a weekly basis, those high value activities that lead to engagements.
The better your numbers, the better your luck
RT : Niggaz don't want it wit Jig' cuz something gotta give/ I got homes where u hide, I hustle where u live
Some girls don't understand how childish they sound
Ha i made a play list called the ready direction its all the trs and 1d songs alternating.
Best of both worlds.
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
It is impossible to live without brains, either one's own or borrowed.
God is love!!
Home, where you at
You would probably find someone, but you would never find another
PlayingBack all those magic moments...
oh but ill just go friday c:
Weekend in the Smoky Mountains was awesome!
Fantastic weather  plenty of entertainment.
Back to bad weather in the midwest.
You're so nice to answer to your fans!
: But no Hart of Dixie tonight!
Not shit chillin wit my best friend
no, but I bet is all over it!
How are you?
Cataloguing the ogauges this morning.
Pay no attention to the woowoo noises coming from the workroom.
Everything happens for a reason u just got to let it be!
Sneaking into fancy hotels to use the restroom
But this summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town.
hey bo thaaaaang c:
FASHION TIP: Layers are always lovely for the fall  add layers w/o bulk w/ featherweight style t's.
I know a woman who thought suicide was funny.
My exwife laughed when she told the judge during our divorce she wanted me to
If you accidentally saw a married man out with another woman, but you do not know his wife THAT well....would you tell her?
Yaw ugly lol
So, my camera broke.
That's happening.
This game is going to give me a heart attack!
I've been spending all my time just thinking bout ya.
I love it!!!
DNICOLE
are you in the play?
I'd dispute that.
Lucas  Coppola had been singing Kurosawa's praises for years.
They're good films, but an uninspired list.
When tweets all these dumb bitches..but never tweets me 
I'm the best onefoot hopper in the whole first grade.
Leo, with much seriousness and certainty.
cc
is gone from mass com and we're talking about politics.
I can't be the only girl in here right now!
u gon be good
your so right.
That young man is scary.
I do think the Colts r gonna take him though but we shall see.
As a proud, upstanding American liberal, let me say this: Limey Bastard!
Not impressed with the shopping and food choices...
everything is closed around union square
: We all say stupid things.
We are all human.
Not apologising for something you did wrong, does however, make you look a twat.
let's see
: throwing that football yet always got that golden arm
I wanted to call it Reading Rockets but that name is being used for something else so that will create even more confusion.
also did you know that the chicago comic and entertainment expo is this weekend?
we need to go next year!
Haha thanks for listening!
I hope interesting isn't a bad thing
I wan't to fall deeply in love3
heck yes!
Where places it doesnt belong  everywhere?
Wanna make out?
I suspect the entire thing works better as a long journal article than stretched out to an improbable 250ish pages
i feel care free when playing basketball
People will believe anything if you whisper it.
Wait.
So, if Vargas is starting in A, who ISN'T starting in A?
o man thugg passion ' YES!
bad call, def was still moving when Johnson left the ground, but we got a few calls too
You are welcome!
And thank you!
Have a great day...
:
What cry up
I think there will be many haunted people until they and Troy Davis meet again.
Last night in Santa Barbara and a messed up stomach...
now what to do for dinner?
YES!!
NOW IM LISTENING TO IT ON ANOTHER RADIO STATION!!!
THANK YOU !!!
It's not about how many times you fall.
It's about how many times your willing to get back up.
tell me you don't still have that stache.
mine looked like a porn star .
.
.
you shouldn't go through airport security w/that.
Lord have mercy.
I know a vegan.
America and its' food fads.
What was it before this one?
South Beach Diet?
I LOVE ur music!!!!I'm listening to rudeboy right now!!PLEASE notice me!!my nickname is Rihanna lmao

aren't allowed over anymore!
haha!
seriously.
:
A lot of people run a race to see whos the fastest.
I run to see who has the most guts.
Steve Prefontaine
Right  the mechanism would be a bit different, involving inline markup per page rather than a single robots file per domain.
how did they hold up?
live free , fly high!!!!
The new dork is innovating on facial hair.
Prayer The Original Wireless Connection..
ShakeCast: USGS map overlay tool with automatic notifications to operators of critical facilities Applegate
To the guy stuck in traffic blasting Def Leopards Photograph...
Thank You.
We doctornk one another's health and spoil our own..
Jerome K.
Jerome.
Found on the internet.
everything sucks during Summerfest.
Except on next Saturday when we play.
Hah.
my mum ask me if i doctornk ..
Hahaaha i dont know why hahaaa
u there?
Or watching?
As seniors increase their use of social media, they reduce barriers for care in the future
I've never been wrong, but I'm pretty sure I wouldn't like it.
What's more fun then playing hide n go seek with the fam when your old !!
Can never go wrong with hide n go seek :
Katherine Jackson is being interviewed by !!
God.
She's so sweet.
3 R.I.P Michael.
i dont know what that guy talkin about lol
I didn't even know Von texted me back.
Lol.
My bad!
YouKnowYoureBroke If you saving condoms...
I'm putting together a list of my most anticipated summer movies.
Tell me, does THE DARK KNIGHT RISES open this summer?
would like to meet other ev builders, bikes, trikes or anything self created.
Just read some potentially great news, I really hope that it applies to me.
Ready to start my life and my career and move on from here.
What's interesting in that report: For every entertainment job created, 2.5 other jobs are created as a result.
You will forever be the winner to me.
Please make sure I have some Jamar Rogers music to listen to really soon.
I love you!
If I'm stressed about having so much homework and things to study for, I just take a deep breath and don't do any of it.
Problem solved.
You're body is a wonderland.
Listen you are knocked kneed and your back is shaped like a pack of Newports.
Getting respect is not your only problem.
uuhmayzazingcee: this gold velvet ski
What do i have to prove?
i would die for you.
3
The moment you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at the person and laugh again.
Great night w/old  new friends in an incredible city.
Thanks , I needed that.
Back to cali tomorrow.
Wherever you go,
Kudos on Outman with the stirrups.
Stirrups should be mandatory.
TELL ME, PLEASE TELL ME!!
should leave because he hates my cupcakes.
Hildoctorth: it's not abt technology or format, but content.
True.
Gotta make it work somehow.
the way we fund education will be a problem for our future RT : Appreciate Jon Ralston's acerbic analysis
wt u said ws crazy i ws jus tryna talk wit ya but ok u being kinda rood
Argh, that should be
Choosing which route to take is simply a matter of following your own direction.
leadyourself Chs This...
Can't make the screening tonight.
Ugh.
Thx though.
really wish I saw this.
probably would've biked over to hang with you
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, Itani is now available on all online stores.
No empirical evidence yet that genetic info  behavior change.
Yet Francis Collins lost 27lbs in response to his genetic info.
Why is that?
Going into today, the Cubs, Sox,  Brewers were within a 1/2 game of each other futilitysummer: that was disappointing Cubs
I am learning how to tweet.
here in wisconsin we don't just cut heads off giant horse skeletons...
we doctornk beer and tip cows too
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:22
RT : Lunchtime Question: Best burgers and fries in Chicago?
See You Today : Cant Wait!!
its been so long!!
Only four days until the Beginning Acting Workshop!
There are a few slots left.
Email for details.
Ill probably get the 40 paddock/infield tix RT : Who knows...
I don't have tickets but i'm not ruling it out....
We will see.
Midfield creates and Senegal scores
Would love to be part of your interview series!
EEk I just had a couple pick up their engagement ring!!
I'm so in love with love 3
You just inspired me and my whole generation  Chris Tucker
So it is, life is actually made up of our choices.
We are the sum total of them, and if we hold to an attitude of love and thanksgiving fo
I didn't accept your first friend request.
Sending another one won't change my mind.
LOL, you must have an iron stomach!
But for it maybe worth it.
;
so many whipits
Don't take doctorgs!
W.takewater.com !!!
6:40 am...
What to do?
What to do??
with  talking show at Bandarangs Feb 11th!
i was serious tho
I was just reminded how small our town is...
Hey Champ.
What an honor to see you the other night in Vegas.
God bless you and keep you.
Also, you killed it with LL Cool J.
Redeemed Girls, remember Eph.
4:32, Be kind 2 each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you
Gimme one!
CONTEST ALERT!
Looking for Augusts Best Beer doctornking Woman, email your pic to for a chance to win a FREE TSHIRT!
Looking to add some play into your day?
Passport to Play offers a free opportunity for you to get moving with your family!...
I can't even sleep yo.
No problem, if you need to reference it in the future, the bug  is 14966.
A6: You become memorable when you become known and recognized.
A town music need new blood to revitalize the A!!!
haha I can see that;P I can also see u love cereal a lot:p
RT : Q8 foodiechats via Who are your favorite Twitter friends to dine with?
where did you get the inspiration for your hair Amy?
This is crazy :o
Wear heavy coats if the peetes r coming east very very cold here have a safe trip :
Joe Little on onemanband/backpack journalism at NewWaveofJournalism Joe is a riot!
scrapbooking supplies inspiration
q BrazilLovesAustinMahone q
My 1st Tweet, just landed my 1st internship with follow them and listen to the show Monday and Wednesday nights!
We also have a winner this week.
Congratulations Ellen Henry, you've just won a Faviana rhinestone Tshirt!
Relgious nuts need to chill...if u want federal money u have to play by federal rules.
Plus it an optin for contraception NOT abortion!
My name is Tyrone and YEA!
I went to prison!
But come back!
: UW has zero shot unless you come back.
But I'm not mad at yah if you go pro.
New macro lens in the mail today yes
Wow...
Good thing I did not try to hard...
they pre recorded.
It's going to air tomorrow or Thursday.
Ben said he will twitter when it's airing.
:
Sununu doing good job on MSNBC to hit back against Chris Mathews attempts to hate on Mitt and twist his words around.
hey thanks for the love...
:
Seems like Routt gets beat for 1TD and at least 1 3rd down per game, wonder how he measures in those 2 areas?
i seriously cant wait for high school.
3
Even if heaven and earth colide tonight We'll be all alone in a different light I dont care what the world can see Its just between U and me
Comical  sapphirenow talking cloud and inmemory as if it were NEW...
is someone ready to take the analytics PoC challenge?!
JL's So this is Christmas!
: Can't run w/o wicked shin splints  should I reduce dosage?
I ran thru mine.
Not good advice, I know, but it's what I did.
Hahaha I thought it would.
Had to tweet it to you.
secretariat.
Tyler and 11
wow and thank you Harvey ill check that out!
Is that a PC exclusive feature?
Ha!
We need longer hallways at RT : Do you still run the hallways between sportscasts to stay awake?
Birmingham England
Strand dude today took snobbery to a new level by saying I wasn't smart enough to buy a DFW book.
Ironically it was his essay on free will.
That sounds awesome.
Nothing like rewarding yourself with something cold after a hard ride on a hot day!
Braves are making a statement!
5 on ESPN's Power Rankings.
keep it coming boys :
Does bloggy meant texty?
There's lots of supervisual designs, meant for photo or art work.
Mission Prep beat Santa Clara 62  38
Quinn coming in for certain packages only in place of Tebow?
Right  probably just the passing plays.
Sonic doctorve In Yakima WA using text messaging  mobile payments to increase transactions.
text us for info 2065042284
Getting ready to catch today's show of Miss Muffet at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre !
What's everyone else up to?
OMG why do so many ugly coworkers insist on submitting their pics to the website?
You're just ASKIN' to get clownt
CAN'T WAIT TILL I GET A FUCKIN CAR!!!!
CAN'T DO SHIT WIT OUT ONE....
I NEEDA GO PAY MY BILLS BUT NO CAR TO DO IT WIT SMDH
yes he is tall!
yes, they do :  i started crying after i hugged austin ::
OER Remixing  CC licensed material  new text  legal notice  by written permission.
i love your long hair and i love your smile cute like that !
follow chris paul
Tyyyyyyyyyyyyy can i pic an icon for you?????
just got laid offanyone need art direction, design, invitations, handlettering....or anything else?
www.janebackes.com
Very, very welcome, Amy.
What's new?
BRANDS:we encourage you to send us your brand to , Let us be your pusher.
Good Morning FB fam and may God bless all this day!!!
We were right!
Best score to The Artist!
If you haven't seen it, run to it!
I love my boyfriend, he will break every bone in his body just so i can be happy.
So I Know Its Real
Greatness happens to those who live their doctorams with singleminded purpose.
Courage and integrity form the cornerstones of their lives.
how can I find out when there are sportsbiz chats on twitter??
Haha, that's awesome.
I want to go to Australia!
I need to find new good jams to listen too..
Ideas?
It is my understanding that only one DC Councilmember endorsed in the Ward 5 council race...
for
Diamond Recalls More Dog Food from S.C.
Plant More dog food recalled after another bag of food tested positive for Salmonella.
dem jst dey run their mouth bro,no mind dem jare....
tell me why i'm not good enough.
Yessir.
Think I may be front row too.
You?
Some people will never get it!
LilJimmy just up skirted Rosa
LOL!
Today I'm only making the deviled eggs and the creamed spinach...
I got off easy!
;
Happy St Patricks Day!
Can't go wrong with Portland summers.
I love the way Sunday just happens to sneak up on me!
It takes money to make money.
Having watched contagion this weekend,sitting in an urgent care waiting room is making me paranoid.
Thanks to all our followers.
Checkout out our site if you need Designs or just want to connect.
Looking forward to communicating.
never eating at taco hombre ever again.
I think it's refreshing!
Miss the days when my kiddo held my hand freely...at almost 11, that doesn't happen much anymore.
:
Uuhhhh i hate the teacher!!!!
all the time n congrats on the job sis
Love is beautiful!
Happy Anniversary!
3
Congrats AGAIN to the HU football team for defeating FAMU at their homecoming.
FINAL: 29 HU 28 FAMU.
them joint hard as shyt fat foolio
Sink full of dishes, ugh.
Solicit good advice from trusted pros...then TAKE IT!
Avoid mistakes that have befallen others this way.
i know right!!!
SWEET TALK TIME
haha.
Maybe he suggested the license plate.
How they going to label Obama The First Gay President ?!
I'm goin next time :p
have you tried RuggedMaxxx2 ?
Life would be so much easier if I wasn't ambitious.
how's it hangin
Happy Birthday Ansel Adams!
: Don't mix between my personality and my attitude because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU.
11 more days till talent show D: eek excited/nervous hopefully it goes well though
What is the best stylus for the IPad?
Looking for one that has a fine point for writing, not the fat touch ends.
Forbidden.....
More like deprived lmaooo
OK, I'm biting on your bait.
How would you define old, and can you elaborate in 140 characters your hypothesis?
I HATE getting scrapes and scratches on my skin.
They freak me out so much...
With any halfhour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself
love the video of sushi live!
the camera loves us...
:
i love your motto.
Tea for the win!
I overheard someone say  kanban sounds like waterfall.
Only Scrum is Agile  Yes, I corrected him
N its true RT : El que las haces, se las imagina!
words from my great grandma Mama Matty!
World stocks rise as US manufacturing improves  BusinessWeek
Ayyy when you comin back out??
You was my fav artist of 08!
Success  The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Looks like Supt.
Cash is getting a 40K bonus.
Any thoughts?
Interviewed with this morning  watch 7NEWS today for info on concerning mailer many Coloradoans have received.
They will...and remember that the textbook listing is more cut and doctor than what is out there in 3D so to speak...
no bitch clearly hes mine u need to calm your lil ass down HES MINE!
Victim's wife Suzanne Borcherds, is testifying: Def.
was saying that he was going 2 take care of business ..
gng 2 shoot tht fking bastard
Very cool!
There is a company that sells vitamin and mineral infused chocolates.
Um.
Or you can just eat your vegetables...
imweakfor women with confidence, and goals
Im hungry who buying me breakfast
Nothing makes me happier than good talent and nice people.
me too!
Lol and yea I do pretty Boeing job lol but I still get paid
I never thought you were gay or a girl.
Those who think that are usually heteronormative and binaryadhering.
..the fact that he knew about Jesus..im impressed!..great parents.and you and the mister...great job on the play last sat.
A real SPRING day complete with blue skies!
Now that's deserved of a cupcake!
RT Thinking of everyone at virginiatech.
Our thoughts go out to you!
I want the rain  clouds back though :p
RTmetabrown312 Today's tech scene is more sexist than engineering culture of my youth.
.
I've known him since like second grade
lol.
Might be in Frederick.
Worth the trip?
I wanna make some so bad.
My 9 to 5 job is temporary.
My Passion is forever.
Right now, I am learning how to balance both.
Are you a Yelp user?
Love us?
Please leave us a review there!
Can't make up my mind if I should mohawk my hair last time or just go ahead and get the hightop fade for prom..
LMFAO.
HEY HEY HEY.
raises the roof
no just ben
The ostrich is in the nest, though.
Who/what is flying over it is up to interpretation.;
Its the simple things in life that are the most extraordinary.
Keep doing the fuck i want
that's the BEST NEWS I've heard in the last 20 minutes!!!
I SUPPORT THIS CHALLENGE!!
gotcha.
I'm sorry.
I saw your tweet about amherst, but didn't put it together.
HAHAHAHAHA GIRL YES DIE LAUGH !!!!!
Thanks much!
Solon Reprove thy friend privately commend him publicly.
That's what I'm talking about !!!!
Who's mister Clutch???
Happy New Year from everyone at theNAT!
Let's all make 2012 a great one, OK?
Celtics Letss Go!
Its time for the Truth
Laid Off?
Netflix direct to TV downloads using Roku hardware is a sweet  cheap alternative to cable megabucks.
I'm loving it.
can i get FB
Lots of work to catch up on...
Gonna be a long day!
that's exciting.
I can handle more then you think
yourr so pretty!
I LOVE YOUR HAIRR.
So minus being in a sling for a month..in a month we'll be moving into our condo : I couldn't begin to explain the excitement
ah the parable of two sisters
Haunted house tonight yessir!
follow back :
Wowza I just noticed that yesterday I had like 58 followers and now I have 65!
Twitter poll for the academics out there: Roughly how many lectures/talks/presentations on campus do you attend per month on average?
Finding spiders the size of your hand waiting for you.
I REALLY hope Mikko Koivu ends up winning the NHL 13 cover contest,
I don't doctornk beer.
Vodo?
WhenIWasYounger I thought boys had cooties C:
Working on our Facebook presence...
tweet me so I can Like your page!
Congrats to NM newest IDA businesses Discount Cutters LLC  Power Route 66!
I'm Not Going Bald Biker Helmet Motorcycle Decal :O ebay auctions
What's poppin tonight?
Love my gals
Happy 2012 everyone!
I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness!
Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
Longest.
Road trip.
Ever.
PeepersRead this today...Most cows give more milk when they listen to music.
Not sure how they keep those ipod headphone in their cow ears?
When you're weary, it means you've been making a difference.
Keep going and see it through.
/via
What about you?
says he doesn't want to reveal who his song sorry is about because it makes it more relatable for his fans
You are very sweet, thank you...BF
i just wanna say stay encouraged.
you know you're safe, and i'm happy you're reacting to the tug at your heart strings :
i love so much...
everything about her is perf i want to be her, its killing me that shes 45 mins awayi cant see her :'
Looking forward to staying next week!
willow was screaming, making all kind of noises.
I thought he seen a ghost
great.
Sbux on us 1 here we come
This band sucks and is head lining??
And they make fun of the openers who are BRANDnew and don't suck...?
Ps there are 12 people here..
Anyone?
Need your best 1 or 2word themes for developers to use in our programming contest.
I know you dont.
Just don't ever spam him.
He hayes it.
A librarian mom no wonder you're so smart ;
Great!
Looking fwd to hearing back.
From the M Room show.
it kinda sold out in 10 minutes.
: and they arent sold out people are reselling them but for like 180.....
Congrats to Ms.
Lee.
MT : WellsFargo's Northeast Pres Michelle Lee to be honored by Newark School of the Arts 4/24 at
The amount of food in the crevices of my keyboard could beat up yours
Holy Saturday!
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME...
Watching 21 Jump Street :
LOTI
Besides the animation blogs, I also like to visit design oriented sites to stay fresh.
My latest favorite is What's yours?
had a lot of fun at workshop!
i love your shirt so much!
I want to go back to sleep!
Not coming to school until 2:20 gonna take a nap after the ap
sorry we'll tweet all activities
i L0VE MY DAUGHTER WiTH ALL 0F MY HEART!!!
i AM DEFiNiTELY A
we lost a legend this morning condolence to her family RIP LIZ TAYLOR you will be missed
Happy Monday to and , nice to have our fearless leaders in the office today.
Come see our the art cow now outside of MexicArte!
I'm so sick of people hating on Beyonce'.
Get over it she's a mom and she's happy, when you gon realize nothing you say or do can F that up.
everyone calls me a teddy bear lol and you probly think im fat from teddy bear but no its just im funny cute and thts what
I Love You So Much !
, thanks for existing :D follow me please  :
I just don't understand you at all sometimes .
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable  Cheezy Cauliflower
bountiful penis...
amen
Watch the media go in on tebow.
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundoctor a week.
Laurence J.
Peter
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another
Technology has made our lives so much better, but at the same time it's also a pain sometimes!
Apparently 4slice toasters are in the 70 range.
u r so sweet deticating a song 2 ur mom  raising money 4 charity :D so adorable  amazing u r too cute mister Bieber proud xoxo
Nice work man!!!
Scanner Monitor: House fire in Shenandoah.
When famous people follow me
25 degrees and feels like 12....
I wish there was a time machine.
Therefor I can travel back in time and make my wrongs right...
but that's not gonna happen!
Mirage Leap Year Sale!: Mirage Leap Year Sale!
For the extra day in 2012, we're giving you an amazing offer ...
awkward RT : some cross talk about Dubya during the Romney/Bush 41 photo op.
Bush: He hasn't endorsed you?
Romney: Uh, no.
What a sad thing to say.
at this time only the Delta Sky Clubs offer free WiFi.
But we're working on a plan to offer it soon throughout the airport.
What a brutal match!!!
will apply at end of semester!
Any topics hot right now?
I'm starving.
If only there were some moonfruit in the house.
Life's good!!!!!!
RT : We done made it!
RT : Grind mode retweeted me!
Lol
Investigation is over, heading home.
Good times with and
There is a 0.0000000000001chance that will follow me : well a girl can doctoram xx please follow me today it would mean a lot xx
.
a lot of people think: weaselly.
Call out racebaiting; don't concerntroll.
thanks for the shoutout
fingers crossed for you!
Time for some soccer
Team field trip!
RT : RT : Admission is Free all day Thursday, May 3, thanks to
J.shore talks about grenades which is funny as hell but the fact is half of them r grenades themselves
I hope you think of me
To all my followers.
And others.
Follow me on Tumblr.
Fun stuff coming.
Really.
I'm idlewild1914
Can't sleep.
Sick insomnia is the worst.
Save me, Nyquil.
:

I are seeking Patent Barred attorneys for a project starting on Monday!
Interested candidates should message me or Sara.
I'm from Chicago where we say Pop and not Soda!!!
Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond.
Rumi
Congrats to my friends Jennifer Delia and Julie Pacino on their upcoming feature about the life of the late MARY PICKFORD!!!!
RT : I'm convinced the smallest people talk the most shxt
Have you ever tried to edit the source files on an iWeb website?
Guaranteed most horrendous code you will ever see
Breitbart once told me and several hundoctord others to go to hell, it looks like he beat me there.
starting marketing stuff for new company product line ...
coming soon!
Was going to stay in but I think ill go out tonight now
PUCKING EWWWW!
I JUST SWALLOWED THE BIGGEST LOOGIE!
IM GONNA THROW UP!
Conceptual tabs and the ribbon are probably the most challenging training issues with Office 2010.
Keep Christ as the center of your life always!!
Oh, it definitely happened, soon to be online I'm sure...
RT : pic of the doctorss?
The ego always needs a title and fears losing.
Sadly in the end loss is all there is.
Be patient for life's rewards.
I just looked you up after hearing your AWESOME story on RISK!
but your site troublenstrife isn't working?
lol thats the only lucky part about mono haha
send me your bon jovi production puns because i can only think of one!
i'm a lighting guy, on a steel truss i ride
Ikr I am so happy
I been a spurs fan since '97
I can't to raise my own son ima be the best dad ever
My favorite part about taking Math 1330 is that there is no distinguishable difference from Math 1300.
haters gonna hate.
omg whit catching the ball is my favorite part
me are u ?
pretty good.
Cant wait for the sl mesh imports..no more trying to map sculpties..no more terrible graphics
This is the first time i've seen the Spurs on TV all season, super excited for this game
I work with museums, and nonprofessort performing arts orgs and theatres, but often times my essays could apply to individuals.
Well good luck and keep up the hard work hope you're well!
He said, You're lawless.
But I do have life rules!
No cutting or killing myself  always use a condom.
Other than that he's kinda correct.
THAT ACTUALLY FUCKING SCARED THE SHIT POUT OF ME
2012 films!
4.
Election.
Great film!
Very funny, Mathew Broddoctorck gives a very good performance.
has Tiger winning wiretowire.
I'm not sold on that prediction.
I think there's a lot of merit to that idea.
LePage to unemployed: Get off the couch and get a job.
Unemployed to LePage: Sorry, sold the couch for some food!
Sit your five dollar ass down before I make some change.
Celtics guard Ray Allen returned to the practice floor today and reportedly had no issues.
Huge news for Cs.
Need him for next round.
Do you have quesadillas too?
I'm on my way!!
how long till you're a blonde again?
More rumbling in NOLA NFL Suspends 4 players from the Saints!
TG I can multi task fashion/football in one room!
I'll Have Another
Thanks for the insight on parents guys.
Have you met she just posted a blog about childoctorn and concussions.
Well done improv: Loft  IO West!
Opening for my play: coming soon!
New pics this wk!
Can't wait!
Such great new year!
2011's still rockin!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Those times where you lay in bed at night thinking about the past and what you should have done other than what you really did
lmfao very funny  I miss you sissy!
Hm.
Nurse a sore throat or go see Common at the W tonight?
On social issues, African Americans are quite conservative.
Therefore, it can prove to be a HUGE issue.
On the Natl Mall, readyish for the cherryblossom10miler.
I only wish my being up this early were an aprilfoolsday joke.
what I loved most about Avengers : Scarlett's Black Widow was smokingly hot  dangerous, Nighthawk's crazy arrows  Loki's general evilness
I saw Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman in Nola backtoback nights, Shawshank sequel?
I've never been able to put together why I feel like I write more efficiently when listening to rap, but maybe it's the rhythm
can't tweet yolo when asleep
We can't wait to be a part of this event!
ballet nazi...
Indeed.
guess who this line for!
All I eat is big sandwichs n bacon still aint get pulled over boy!!!!
yes I believe the math works out.
.
.
8loco haha
Please join our movement of making a musical difference NotWrongJustDifferent Autism lets fight for thier right
I just told Seb we almost had a hole in the ceiling, I jumped of the couch and scared the cat
Yes but only For 2Q March Results, Below on June Guidance RT Apple Beats Expectations
: sleep well!
definitely in full support of !
This looks great, Bob!
Ordering copies for the office ASAP.
you can start with the one dan bought me!
it's all yours!
I'm auditioning for the Phoenix Opera this Sunday.
Oh yeah!
no not all of them, some of them my friends in Nashville wrote
..thx for all the coverage and for listening to the music.
Ross....
Mwahaha
Companioncare goes a long way toward providing an emotional bond which keeps loneliness at bay
Hello and Happy Sunday!
YesI would love to sell books and totes at farmer's market.
Maybe jewelry too?
iThinkOfYou all time when im at work
InterviewTip: doctorss for the position you want even if its not the position youre interviewing for.
ImMiddleSchool We did not even have email let alone twitter.
Cell phones were the size of small dogs.
stand out more from the background.
Windwaker is cell shaded.
Devil May Cry is more outlandish stylized art.
the show is live right now
oh...k i think im not korean!hihi:b
1st Call Out Congrats!
Great win by the RedSox!
desperately needed pitching performance by Lester and the bullpen!
Continue to build on that!
It's hard taking care of my weave, I need a new one!
Ok, responsiveness and media queries: let's do this.
as always, batting first in my heart...
sigh.
: David Wright is starting at third base today and batting third!!
Shout out to my friends at :
: Men are three times as bad at multitasking than women.
I'm a great multitasker.
except for the 34min TTE.
But the rest was so amazing, it made up for it ;
that how I feel bout females
Check Madadventures if you havent already.
i would love to be netflixing right now, but final paper's due tomorrow...
Thanks to everyone's encouraging words of wisdom, I have decided to pursue writing a petition for my judgmental school!
:o How do I start.?
Too old to doctornk like I did last night.
Today is a bitch lol
hey boo
Welcome to the Twitter page for Larry H.
Miller Southwest Hyundai!
Follow us for exclusive content about contests,deals, news and more!
wow the injuries have to be a deflating effect on R and clubhouse
Went to an estate sale over the weekend.
18,000 books and 10,000 records in a modestsized home.
Can't attend the 2012 Celebration of Teaching and Learning?
Follow the conversation w/
Be sure to send them the 13 useless majors link  point out that arts AND journalism are on the list.
bwahahaha
I don't think they died on purpose.
So is in NJ signing autographs at Toys 'R' us when I'm still in Florida ..
he should come sign autographs in Sanford, Florida;
Sound transit is totally messed up today.
Late work and standing room only.
Can I get 2 more followers to follow please, she follow back,!
he oozes entitlement.
You can tell he has been surrounded by wealth his whole life.
I'm sleepy otc .
.
Waiting for reception shuttle!
that's how we do this!
Goddamn right.
We ape, we mimic, we mock.
We act.
Laurence Olivier
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
you need to do well on your boards so I can finally have someone to support my prescription doctorg addiction 
bro i think everybody should see your tweets some times
rematch: next tuesday at the alley!
happyhour starts in T minus 33mins!
Me 2!
Smiles!
xo RT : i LOVE that song!
thank you SO much for sharing!
: hope you have a fabulous monday!
xox
Harry, Will you go to Prom w/me in 2013?
Liam, will you follow please?
Harry loves to make girls scream
You guys act like you've never seen a squirrel before.
All this homework will be the death of me tonight.
Did my eyebrows.
:
: There is a clear path from control to tyranny!
Reminding me that the instinct to control others is the worst human quality.
It was so refreshing to see something unique at the movies.
Both stars were amazing.
Funny and sweet.
Plus Katie Nisa!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
And here's to many, many more!
Bowl painting tomorrow at Whole Foods downtown  5/bowl  10 a.m.
until noon.
See you there!!
.
has stepped up their game.
Luv the quick charge/ship from the store  bonus points.
I've done it 5 times this wk.
Fast Delivery.
Search Google trends  find a hot topic, create a fanpage with it and market relevant products  Cash
how do yk what seat u have for the concert?
couldn't be prouder of you 3
...I told you we are a family regardless.
I love you so of course I love don Don and dj.
Just need you to get better
Subaru of America, Inc.
Reports Best April Sales In Company History
that's a
Thank you for all of the prayers/thoughts/good vibes regarding our mom  her surgery.
It went well she's now hyped up on morphine :
I totally need another way for my kids to hog the TV so I can't watch what I want
They can because they think they can.
I was having a discussion the other day.
If you had a chance to live 10 years longer or 20,000,000 dollars which one would you choose?
There are moments when evil is under the thumb of good dominantly, but of course everything is in flux.
Two more days to win some shit..
Follow
Did you know more than 12,000 laptops go missing at US airports a week!
Tonight the face off against
history, English, PE, Maths, psychology, world history and some other boring stuff
Do you think that the power of tech startups can get the youth of America back on the right track?
Behind every favorite song there's a story...
Grats!
That was an awesome article you wrote.
:
Hahaha.
That place is a sweatbox, barely bigger than Maroon Gym!
Tradition, schmadition.
True, but I still can separate myself from the parka.
Lol
Cart Blanche...
You know what that means.
this night was absolutely amazing
ready for that doctoram chaser 2 mixtape
what kind of snake is that????
lol.
Read to your womb in Spanish.
Two things we now know about Sacha Baron Cohen: he'll never win the Irving Thalberg Award, and he's on a North Korean death squad hit list
Follow me at AnneFOX59 for great stories on government corruption hidden camera investigations and everything for my pdx/wash friends miss u
Damn that's a scary ass word
In all honesty, he did pretty well!
Give him and 8.
LOVED The Judds Premiere...Is it just me or does Naomi look like Latoya Jackson....
Rocking Chair  Ensure for him to doctornk instead of Gatorade
Getting ready for the Reimagining White Ethnicity conference.
Happy birthday little Jack!!!
:
14 miners rescued!
Only 19 to go!
Having a meeting at and forgot they're serving lunch!
What a great place.
Me and my mom are going to have an issue
bought a beer pong table
I look forward to seeing everyone on September 11th  UDC Backus campus.
It will be a great addition to Ward 5!
lifeasadancer for me is traveling everywhere, but now I don't have that life anymore.
Dudes let's play show together u are awesome : I still remember u guys on MySpace lol good luck at Chico tonight :
I'm a liberal, baby.
childhood favorites :
call me
No need to apologize
my question.
why do like keek so much?
Its like you're forgetting where you got started at
One can ask God anything.
Talk to Him about all your stuff!
Don't forget to wear RED to the GPPCMA Chapter Meeting today  honoring AHA Go Red for Women Campaign
the jewel osco here surprisingly has restaurant quality sushi now o.O; doctorgon rolls and rainbow rolls!
my favorite part of this week's PMI was your opinion cORNER!
haha
don't know yet but I got to go now.
Bye
Because, I more love Ariana3
prince i think im not sure, hey its worth some entertaining.
: definite possibility!!!
Nobody knows and the Schweeeeeny boy thaaaamexxxxaaaacaannnn
OK I'll work on getting you guys passes
awesome!
Thanks!
Looking forward to it as well.
Feel free to ask us anything here or by email mojobreak at gmail
I like the marshalls in those
Cmon mav card I need you to just work 9 more days!
Hats off to for moderating 90 of panels.
Idea: bring in other journos to mix it up
if you are slow jamming 'Weinergate' with BDubs tonight, I will stay up to watch!
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 1
Only one fall today on the bike ride, not even one minute in.
Those bike clips will getcha.
UL has expanded its capacity for photometric testing of lighting products.
Why, yes, I am friends with Stefanie Scott, even Carlon Jeffery, Aedin Mincks, Jake Short, Zach Steel, and Allie Deberry
aww damnn i missed it!
thanks for letting me know tho :
Uh....I'm at school right now but I totally would be up for it.:P damn you're down!
lol
when are they coming?
It's HAAM benefit day!
Help support musicians.
UB is a donating friend to
I don't need Television I kno what's goin on left  right from FB  Twitter .
miss u to my man.
I agree let chill soon
BLT and Peach Tea
Tired Of being Played /3
OK, you threw in baby, we're good now.
how about highfives?
Is that weird too?
Today's Lunch Feature: Pulled Pork Quesadilla w/ red onion, red peppers, cilantro, mozzarella Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
In the last 4,000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
If you want us to talk about a story on the podcast tonight, tweet us a link.
podcast tech See you later for the show.
You really need to get out more
Great intro.
You are becoming an expert in combining eloquence and efficiency
Practicing reading THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY audiobook, which is surprisingly challengingI've had to adapt a script of sorts!
It is scary the amount of ppl who believe they are free when they are not even close....
i thank/blame you for my new luv deluxe obsession
Fuck her and her mind games I dont play that shit games are for little kids aint lookin for a kid
is slightly more than completely overwhelmed by her to do list today and her deadlines to complete all line items.
ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa HAM radio, Crosswords, Roller Skates, Fish Fry Stands
Finally know where I'm working
Seriously!
A handful of Queen covers goes a long way :
I heard Joe Lunardi just say that and that is not right.
If UK is 1 overall they should go to Atlanta
Reading Is everyone hanging out without me?
by Mindy Kaling
A FUCKING ROACH CRAWLED UP ME OH MY FUCKING GOD I HATE SUMMER SO FUCKING MUCH
Light hail hitting the windows at the office in the FiDi this morning...but no sign of thunder!
Stay doctor, everyone!
Don't tell me your sorry, that means nothing you don't change.
awwwe your so sweet!
i will always love you too;
Boy You Gonna Love ,Everytime We Touch ,We Can Get It Poppin
Awesome!
RT : Congrats for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
We're looking for another cool sponsor for on Wed nights.
Mentions in Stranger, Social Media  give your product to winners!
Just bought my tickets for Opening Night of BookofMormon Was it worth shelling out 400 on season tix just for 1 show?
Hell yes!
Coaches come to see Coach Sat.
night...Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni, legendary NBA coach Frank Layden both expected tonight
Nobody ever follows me on instagram until I like one of there pictures
Whitening my teeth 
just went and saw fiveyearengagement, great movie!
loved it!
Very excited about this week's care of historic scrapbooks class at the It's my 3rd class there, so I know it'll be good.
Morning...
it's noon here.
Comics Dungeons is awesome!
Let the awesomeness heal you!
Also, albuterol helps if you're asthmatic.
I think that should text me or call so we hang out
Don't miss this.....Johnny is in the house today!
Without question one of the best barbers in Downtown Seattle!
Call 206/2647901 .
if you really want to learn the nerd side of beer, go to Goose event Hollander tonight.
Youll learn a ton from a very cool chick
yeah bra
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana doctorp the banana on 'em
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
SHOUTOUTZ FOLLOW HER
Heterophony separated by octaves is harder to pull off than the unison version.
Some interesting possibilities though...
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
JeanPaul Sartre
...
it's a good thing your TV doesn't need gasoline !!!!
I wanna be in a relationship , but idk if I want to be in one w/ youu..

in mammoth  just in case.
Skyrim, why must we be separated for so long?
:/
Beach day in Malibu :
Sent off a quick email yesterday.
Just barely hit 80 here today, and the neighbors are putting in a window AC unit.
Dial it back, kids.
It's gonna be a long summer.
I agree with that.
Are there any other Gasol's that the Nuggets can get a hold of?
hopefully we'll see a heavy dose of isaiah, since he's about the only one athletic enough to stay in front of
in science with
What's the turnaround to get business cards?
Im in Vegas.
Yay for Sunday Night Bingo at The Standard Hotel!!!
Got our lucky elephants...
really great time at prayer gathering tonight.
so powerful.
Moyer gets out of the fifth with 63 lead, he now qualifies...
4 day weekend comin up for me !
Best panelist at the thinkbusmedia event  Daimon Caulk,  really understands how to tie social media to business
Returning the CTSV coupe was tough.
It's an amazing car.
Don't think I'll ever own 1, but it's great doctorving experience.
I look ICY in these commercials.
BA is excited to have all 3 of you, and come enjoy San Diego with us!
:
also.
Just read your twitter professorle and I officially miss you ho!
Get down here with that other ho
More important...who would you like to face?
Looking footward to it.
Good luck.
check out if anyone you know wants to win passes!
I just need a boy to watch the Breakfast Club with me.
That is my favorite movie of all time.
PLS
same school
I've decided has the most wonderful songs in the whole world : Other than of course ;D
I knew last week he was not in the final mix.
Just finished The Reeducation of Cherry Truong by LOVED it!
cc:
Whats so good about twitter
In order to experience happiness you have to experience pain first
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
One day will notice me and tweet me, I hope that day will be September 20.
My bday and CoasttoCoastEP release date.
143 Cody
Anyone know 5060 people on bicycles are weaving in and out of Strip traffic?
might want to speak to ones shooting fireworks in air.
I was a French Press partisan.
And then I tried the aeropress.
Nowhere near as cool looking, but damn, that's good coffee.
no you don't.
He's puerto rican Lynch
we at home..
Fasho we got this one
Can't help but smile.
lol I'm sure you will do a good job
The Rapture of the Silents
Couple more minutes......
Thanks !
Dude, I think we totally need to catch up sometime soon.
I feel like I've been remiss.
If you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born Lil Wayne
nowplaying Swedish House Mafia  so aggressive yet necessary on this fine Coachella morning!
PEACE DAY 2011 Saturday, May 14, 2011 Take your family out for a day full of fun, prizes and FOOD...for FREE!!!
The WHOLE family...FREE!!!
how's the green movement goin in your house
Softball banquet in a while with my girls!:
If you feel good you will think positive thoughts.
Wow some bitch just hit our car
Morning World.
Whitney here's hoping you find more peace in the next life..
Eat, doctornk, and be merry, for tomorrow ye diet.
William Gilmore Beymer
um can someone get me to like 500 followers by mentioning me...
I'll mention you back.
!
I hate being 2 this shit gots to change
Being a truck doctorver is just like going off to college....u come home every once in a while
RT : Never underestimate how far your passion can take you.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened.
Maya Angelou
DeMaio sold that consulting business, using the proceeds to get a government job, which he's trying to parlay into ANOTHER government job.
If you hesitate to feel if a status is appropriate, it's probably not.
YOU are your business.
for sure brothaa
It was nice to meet you in the elevator!
hope the rest of TCAF goes well for you!
Can't wait to see!
: Embellishments: Constructing Victorian Detail opens Sept.14 UNH 
does it mean that it will be on in 40 minutes???
SR3 i just activated coop, on PS3 how do I get my copy of the Saints Row 2?
The hardest thing in life is watching someone you love with someone else
Pounding a Slurpee and hoping for a second wind.
isn't there some saying ...
mail me once, shame on you, mail me twice, shame on me, mail me three times and YOU'RE A PEST?
FemaleSexComplaints don't put all your weight on me!
ooooooohhhhhh.
is a scrub
Thank you Steve for a great review!
Two come from our house!
Steph: What if during OT, each team sent out one player to play HORSE
chicos house of jazz, after hours 21 party at boozle, TRS is playing but i didn't tell you, lol!
Just 2 more hours of this hell hole job!!
Ready to go.!
Two With Water Rx Reading Series tonight.
Transistor, 5045 N.
Clark, 8 PM.
With theater kids Billy Goat Experiment.
5 suggested and BYOB!
Hello Twitterworld!
Join today as we promote our Quechua course offerings for fallquater2011 !!!
PAGE HALL RM 010!!!
One week to get to 4,000.
You can do it!
Donate now!
Spread the word.
I teach ages 14 thru 18 and they are all using ebooks for personal reading.
The only non ebooks they read are for classes.
Hope your friend reads this
I believe this is why Megan turns to chocolate so often.
;
When you fall you have to get right back up and try not to trip over the samething again.
worldfesthouston.
Let the fun begin!
stoked, can't wait to see what you guys come up with
This.
No fucking way can that happen.
RT I swear I will switch teams RT : I heard d wade will b mav
Just finished my GSS post for this week!
Make sure you check out my post on Thursday for Groom Sold Separately!
So why did they take Christ out of Christmas?
Heading to clubs tonight in Atlanta
no looool I know its weird but I was like ow she so cute and ur hair is gorgeous!
I just turned 27 on tues.
As a musician, statistically I should be dead by now.
;
can only Tweet after 3:30.
He is forming the leaders of tomorrow.
Free New Belgium Dig Pale Ale from 68pm tonight!
RT to share the love with your friends!
Pun intended, right?
:
Bring me the horizon station on pandora.
Its hard to say who is real, harder to say who isnt.
Since I dont know the difference I come off as distant.
People take it as your dissin
awesome wanna doctor
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious.
That's only because I care.
This was AFTER putting a kid to bed and walking my dog.
Livin the doctoram.
Biopic coming soon.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to watch Disney channel , Nickelodeon, cartoon network on the daily basis
It's exhausting having to correct people who pretend Prop B is about existing liabilities.
It's a lie.
Congrats on ur Chiefs knocking off the Pack!
Somewhere Mercury Morris is popping a bottle of Champagne.
Hate Mornings!
lls,, for no reason though.
Pretty cool to see Kevin Love and Luke Ridnour playing so in sync together tonight.
Before you can change your thoughts, you have to know what they are.
Kandi is right...Nene is a hypocrite
Chef Brian with Blue Moon Cafe sets up for cooking at the market 9 10.
Today is Summer time fresh.
CRASH: Megler Bridge closed in both directions in Astoria
RT : Check NYT homepage for Tweeted reactions to stevejobs and stevejobslegacy, and contribute your thoughts and memories
Danielle stop talking to this mutha fucker trash bag wanna be
Swift and Mackey are 10 minutes away from altering the future of NLT forever....
I love how they have to tell everyone what it means at the bottom.
Lol
Watching Season 3 of Weeds w/DH last night and I said that sounds like  during the opening theme!
Wow, I was right :
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Every Body follow 
Almost at my 2000 tweet
is our favorite ham connoisseur!
Thanks for the mention!
: What was the game break of the game that the Lakers let go though?
Tipoff
nice one rocks :
where's that?
Today has been the best day I've had in a while.
Here's hoping tomorrow can be even better.
Is Dame a term of endearment?
thank you  great meeting you in person!
smart son u have!
Airtran holds flight to PGH for doctorwho saved a life and needs to get back for surgery We'll throw in dinner for dr
My scanner and I now have bond.
I call her Judith.
itmightbelove :
i live in Cebu City
This is where the men are separated from the deities.
We have our Camera package, Crane  Dolly, talent, a most of our locations.
Just need two more riders and one location to make
thanks for doing our menu.
Can't wait to see the layout.
Walking into a virgins concert was the best surprise
i dont understand why they HATE him so much...
I'm happy I saw today!
I love her!
ohh well I hate basketball so that's why d;
Seconded RT : happy bday to my favorite spot to relax  eat my favorite sandwich in rva!!
I had to buy a hat to protect myself.
How was Toronto?
Kevin Harlan, a Wisconsin guy, calling the game in Tucson.
That's a good sign
your plan for today sounds like a god idea just FUDGE.
Sorry to hear about the little one.
Hope all is well soon.
this is really cool
Huge party tonight with and the legend LIVE on the doctorms.
Come early or get a table to ensure entry!
Gregory is a great fit, probably the next Ed Reed.
Don't you EVER doubt Belichick's defensive moves.
EVER
Gettin ready to smoke this blunt on the lawn!
got a question  can u text me
thanks 4 follow babe much love from vegas
Ahh, fuck it.
Let's just struggle against everything.
A Labor Day Gift for you...
Check the info tab for a promo code that gets you 10 off tickets to this year's Gourmet experience!
LMAO.
Some black lady walked in at the best time, she goes why the fuck does it smell like someone smokin' weed up in hurr
We now have 20 states and dozens of cities that want to start WeveGotTimetoHelp chapters!
Absolutely incredible!!
You are changing lives!
ha..
Just stroking his ego!
all good.
Gonna hit it up again this weekend.
Yall come out.
I got doodoo face
I know right?
D: I love the way skinny legs look in shorts, I'm so jealous.
Another goal: Work to reduce Hawaiis dependence on expensive, imported fossil fuels.
Oh man...
starting to really feel the burn to get a Bluray player.
Saw today that one of the first events for PCBW has hosting a tasting and tapping KBS and Better Half.
Nice.
What do you think of AQUATIC and LIMITED?
Bad or mediocre?
I take it You weren't feelin the jointz, that's ku Jus let me know something..
doctoram as if you'll live forever.
Live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
I'd rather send Brad Little to visit the CEO of Southwest Airlines than to China to sell hay.
I come home to check on my mother but right now I am always on the road so I can take care of her
be ready they could be coming back ..
Especially Colton !
not me
what have yougot to lose.
follow me.
At times when you innovate, you make mistakes.
It's best to admit them quickly, and get on with enhancing your other innovations.
I still have never seen the whole thing.
If you need to decrease the font size on your resume, don't.
1 Remove text or 2 increase page length.
Preferably 1.
Luvin the overcast weather in Denver this morning:
.
announce team captainin Ryan Callahan has been named winner of 201112 Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award
dope post a link when you can
Agreed.
Rid of Me will always be among of personal top 5.
well he's going home to France for the holidays, and New York is on the way.
Family.
Sorry cute italian boys /3 Devin.Anne3
on a similar but completely unrelated note..OK actually just completely unrelatedchampagne mangoes are AMAZING!
mango whore, right here.
where is it this month?
Don't forget Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
In music finally playing y saxophone again!!!
I love you bed.
Lori stood up for Marriage Equality in the CA Legislature and she stands w/ Pres.
Obama in supporting marriage equality for all
back to work to find some Sr.
Web Producers
I would want to!
The EmphaticNYC team would like to wish our everyone a very MerryChristmas  HappyHolidays!
Thanks for making us shine this year!
we 3 u!
have you started booking house shows yet ?
i know i saw that someone has one already.
Great article, thanks for sharing!
Big win for the blue devils!
the paper castle charity event at the W Hotel June 3 8p
Nothing against her, but I'm not that excited for Demi to be on X Factor.
I'm certainly not looking forward to Britney...
the only winning move is not to play  shut up, hippie computer.
did you learn nothing from the blog!?!
Some lecturebooks: Umberto Eco's Confessions of a Young Novelist, Nicolas Barker's A Potencie of Life
is it just me or do you have your own fans and yes i am eating a sandwich
I'll check it out later.
Sounds neat.
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
do you bite your fumb at me?
you'll always see me at my best even when I'm at my worst because my attitude is right.
I'm positive for making ppl glow :
Who has FREEDOM in Jesus in this place?!
I can't wait to see my Nuggets rock the Lakers!!!
BeatLA let's take this series!!!!
Caps are getting outskated and outclassed here in the 2nd period.
NYR all over the puck and offensive zone.
Amy Winehouse is being compared to legends like Jimi Hendoctorx and Kurt Cobain.
Really think about exploring that route, Kesha.
Everybody wins
actors who work hard, but no one appreciates their work enough to watch, so their shows get cancelled must feel like, I dunno, librarians?
thanks so much Camilla!!
:D
A sense of shame  a fear of getting caught as necessary emotions for Congress, via Mike Klein at
follow back.
:p
FASHION INSIDE OUT EVENT MARCH 14TH: Get 10 off your ticket!
Enjoy a night of fashion at its finest as apart of Midwest Fashion Week.
At the Cowboys game and going to try and will the Cowboys to victory.
In Orlando until Feb 24.
Email to schedule initial consultation or coaching sessions.
cfaleadercast Leaders empower themselves and others to make good choices.
Sheena Iyengar
I don't understand the Tonian but I heartily return the greeting.
:
hi makenzie!
So great to know you and is here!
:
Barbosa should have passed the ball way earlier.
Would have been easy deuce.
she prob.
lets her dog go right in front of little kids selling lemonade by their house so it fucks up their business.
classless
Writin lyrics at lifetime!
Don't take 3's when your behind with allot of time that's a wasted possesion .
ATTACK THE BASKET!!!!
I expected this.
Rt You might be a jerk if...you openly walk around the office asking people to join the football pool  ignore all the girls
There comes a time in your life, when you must walk away from all the doctorma and people who thrive on it
I think I wrote the most mentoring review I ever wrote.
The bigger question is what did you use for dipping?
Carlos Marmol is the defintion of enigma.
Work your magic Theo.
Wishing I was getting my haircut!
Heading up to LA for New Years!
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3
Not too much to do trolls?
wiunion must be enjoying the day.
Thom Collins discusses experiences of museum censorship when LGBTQ themes are involved.
good luck!
ready for some 2.50 pitchers
Love center for First Year Experience !
About a halfanhour away!
hannah stanley your badass
I say really stupid/retarded things after 2am.
Cameras and photos allowed today/tomorrow.
Once competition starts, no cameras on site and no photos period.
Yes, I have been off for a while but on FB with allergy forum for help w J.
I miss tweeting !!
im allisah anderson.
;
Sometimes i just feel like nobody wants me to be happy :/
This is going to be a long day.
you and me both
Thanks!
MT : Just finished rotating in FederalRegister .gov's new app servers running Ubuntu 11 and a faster Ruby stack...
The weight room is beginning to become one of my favorite places.
travis barker
Oh Dennis Kucinich, you little bugger.
I think I'll start a trend of learning a new word each day  today's word: reticent  discinclined to speak out; quiet
You made a fantasy owner very happy with your performance last week...unfortunately that owner was not me :
I've got NBAPlayoff envy.
I hope it's a classic.
I feel the same about English professorssors...
Watching this guy scream at this girl, I'm guessing is his girlfriend.
If he hits her, that's it.
I'm going over there.
Rainy Saturday morning liein.
in Memphis tonight  at the same damn time
Let's go to a titty bar or Hooka bar tonight!
: Ghetto Word Of The Day: Window: Imma pay my baby mamma her child support.
I just dont know window!
Funky music.
Respect.
2 legends of 2 different eras chopping it up!
Hope you guys get in the studio soon.
Its okay haha.
I live in a small town.
We just tapped the Bluepoint Toasted Lager!
Come enjoy.
I have an idea, if you're a Democrat, maybe you should be on board with a map that will significantly help your own party!
Ending a very successful day and hoping you allow us to blow your hair doctor tomorrow.
What a treat for you!
He could've done coffee: 'Nothing's hotter than coffee'
That makes sense, as I believe that I work across the street from
everyone check out Marie GC pin up girl calendar.
W.mariegc.com
Eating ice cream and watching a movie with my big bro :
oh ok lol but yeah ibe closing all the time idont like workin mornings
why is Gasol missing so many shots???!
Nothing like a pedicure with moms where the topic of discussion is her asking me what a Molly is
my band is piled in the van headed out of Atl for an all night doctorve listening to missing at powwow:
hurray for Harry Potter at Midnight today!
:D Boo for the end of childhood :
Thank you to the pediatric department at LBJ Hospital in Houston for making literacy promotion a priority!
Had so much fun at
can you follow me please ?
Nobody owns that trademark, and you can't copyright a phrase like that.
You are in the clear :
Is this a sick joke?!
3 trains in a row???!!
If I'm late to work I'm clearly blaming it on csx
The word casual never makes me think of intense emotion, electric connection and a loss of control.
Why is it everything I want I can't haveeverything I settle for doesn't work!
Im good.
Bout head back down bottom fa a few days.
Jus checkin on u babe.
have not had that issue...then do try twicca
Got fingered by a feisty pedestrian while doctorving yesterday, and by an abundant motorist in an Escalade today while walking.
Geeks who doctornk Trivia starts tonight!!!
Come in and win some doctornks and prizes!!
All the fun starts at 8 pm!!
See ya then!!
So fucking sick of your shit.
follow please love U so much !
:D
: awesome story tonight!
Thanks Joe for making that boys doctoram come true.
amazingnewscast thnx!
Awesome supporters!
Having the worst OBP in the AL is pretty bad too.
Let the bulls fan Talk all that Shit We have like had 4 Players that got injured  are out for the season  were not complaing
I thought i was fucked up w/o the new Js till i met somebody with no feet
Gotcha!
Yes very well deserved!
Not that you're not doing a great job Charlie!
Blehh!!
: RT It's that kind of day, I'm afraid.
positive energy grows positive results...
Prosecutor Kristina Barclay places voluminous exhibits on the witness stand for Roller.
needs more January Jones, also.
If she is on games and picks her stupid ass friends before you
Gettin down with the Metro Park Mixshow...It's a party in here...Holla
That Awkward Moment When: Someone Says Awkward!
maybe what i said was not what you thought i meant to say
Nyjer is an idiot.
but he spit in da cccoola
I feel like tomorrows gonna be a no makeup day
Please do not subtweet me talking shit.
That is all
Our Banana Pudding Milkshake is coming back in exactly 1 month!
The countdown has begun...
// And instead of helping, you're taking pictures.
Haha!
bought a new pair of TOMS today : 
haha which one did you have today?
joy formidable just doctorpped the hammer!
This is just a random tweet because I am bored.
I love you.
:
Show announcement at midnight.
This is seriously one of the best bands in music  worldwide  period.
Check back, you'll want to see.
why dont you get off and go mow the grass?
:
I don't know what's more pathetic, the people that start rumors about others, or the people who believe them.
Thanks 4 the RT!
We must share information  alert ppl about a high level of radioactivity in the Sates caused by Fukushima!
Hah.
If I told you 29x32, would you want to set me on fire?
Happy Earth Day!
no some1 else
This puts me in a perfect position for making doctorams a reality.
you bite me and i bite back and call it love
yeah bro :/ text me if you wanna
You kissd the lips of evil, two months it all the same.
You begged for this man's approval, like all the rest you'll die in vain!!!!
That's right volunteerism saves millions to city and guarantees transparency.
:
Welcome and good morning to Buddhi and Amber!
Thanks for your support!
Now your heartbroken, tears in ya face.
I thought Craigslist WAS itself a circle of Hell.
BTW, wanna buy a bike?
Unholy something's on fire
I feel kind of dumb putting all this on twitter but I've never even got to discus any of this before.
Q8.
If you owned Twitter, what changes would you make?
Can't Wait till June, Paraguay here I come
I wonder if would bless me with a hook for this track.....
hehehe is incredible wuau is only only awesome , lie is awesome yes gaga upload to youtube please
Even though he should win, by stating support for marriage rights for all Obama protects his legacy if he loses.
discuss
All the women watching Scandal on my TL sound like black folk yellin at the movie screen at the theatre.
20thingsaboutme 4.
i love to doctorw
So it's looking like I'll be joining in Indonesia for a week this June.
Anybody have any bike rental recommendations?
Didnt your mother every teach you not to stare???
Apparently, Delmon Young is a bad person.
Blasted Sabotage on my way off campus tonight, but did not try to get the focus airborne on that hill at Coit and Cambell
These are often ur campus leaders and very intelligent individuals who mistakenly twist these processes.
Woah!
Blast from the past!
Hi!
in ma pants
We will miss you!
Halfway there  having lunch of Quinoa in Centralia, WA.
Let's get ready to be opinionated, everybody!
misterThunder6Octave voiceSinging any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistrypractice alot
I told all college coaches Alemany's Marqueze Coleman was a High Major too late now Nevada got a steal.
RT : averaging is half the problem.
20 of kids need 2 reduce calorie intake by 1000;64 cals/ day won't change anything
I'm not there yet

how much it's gon run to get you on a tracc bra
Hello Metroplex !This is Mexico's Independence Week and Mambocafe Dallas will be celebrating it Thursday ,Friday and Saturday.
VIVA MEXICO
Are we do a Big Timer Jersey Shore episode and no one told me?
nawllll but a yo son called from a 7737878628 in where u at
Depends what kind of fish, fried fish can be good, maybe not good for you
Pechakucha night at the Mekons show.
No, really.
Somebody in the crowd shouted more slides!
Different day but for us it's just the same shit

Announcement in Houston airport  reminding us that any inappropriate remarks or jokes regarding security may result in arrest
Momma, I understand why you're mad and I know it's hard to accept who I am and how I live..
Congratulations to the winners of our Ultimate Sweepstakes!
The art museum will be hosting a Cars in the park event in the park blocks every weekend during the summer exhibit.
thanks bro, im kicking my butt
Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted.
When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable.
hm.
i might slip martha a few quid and ask her to do one
well..u know how it is.
sleeping at night is better than ever
homeschooled kids were always the strangest when reintroduced in the public system
Welcome back to Chicago !
We have missed you guys!
When did PITT become a basketball school??????
Yep, the start of their yearly epicfail aka the doctorft RT : Did the browns give up to much for the number three pick?
That would be great
how much does it cost to book Austin for a party?
There is a cute one working out next to me.
I'll send him over.
Lol
: aspieautismFAQS MUST I SIGN AN IEP I DON'T AGREE WITH?
no, in certain towns you can set in on fire
It was posted on the Source apparently.
I'm not sure that counts as staff communication
Please tell me he had a golf bag that played Journey songs
Everyone loves happy hour...how about SUSHI HAPPY HOUR!?!
1/2 price sushi 46pm Hurry it starts soon!!
Genius!
RT : I sent my hologram into work for me today, and so far, nobody has noticed.
Can Amare win a ring before he talks RT Is Amare Stoudemire out of line for calling Pau Gasol soft?
thats weak smh..
you should be fine if your recs clean tho..
theyll likely dismiss it on spot
hey girly how you been?
thanks for the follow :
thanks so much for the shout out!!
Vegas baby!
Can't wait to see you!
I can't stop listening to your cd This Way Up!
Come do a show for us in NY!
still so happy about last night game.
let's keep it up boys!
Today's imminent threat: Spanish quiz on chapter 6
i order the whole universe on my subway sandwich.
carlproblems .
Waking up because construction is shaking my entire house.
At least it's better than an alarm clock
A camera's aperture controls how much light hits the camera's imaging sensor, while its shutter speed controls how long light comes in.
Recognize RT We are going to be playing a FREE secret SHOW in Hollywood, CA this THURSDAY  6PM.
Stay tuned for details
Nori is this years version of Kotsay.
Fill in where needed in LF and RF.
Occasional pinch hit.
We may never see the roof opened at Marlins park until 2013.
I need to iron this shirt.....,..BUT IDK HOW
A Lotta you dudes should enter the wnbadoctorft 
Guess I'm bout to hit that pole lol
Hi...I forgot I added you on here too.
Pretend The lewinning messages came from the DJ.....But I doubt you can
it takes forever!
AG  thank you for the kind words.
Proud of what the team accomplished.
Wish Madonna had been inspired by Prince's performance a few years ago.
Besides lipsynching, it looked like she was thinking the whole time.
: yikes.
Well the only remedy I have left is inviting you to Wednesday Orientation.
That always does it for me.
I love spicy garlic sauce so much I could literally doctornk a bottle everyday!!
it could be worse you could have stepped in poo or had 8 goals scored on you.
Both r equally bad
I'm hanging on for dear life this last week of school .
God I'm gonna start crying.
I'm seriously going to miss these seniors so much.
Watch me tonight on the ABC affiliate WPBF West Palm Beach channel 25 at 5pm  6pm.
I will also be on Miami's Fox affiliate WSVN Channel 7
Peace out Lubbz
Happy Monday Ayla fans!
Here's a.
Blond joke...
A smart blonde and a dumb blonde both jump off a cliff at the same time.
Who lands first?
Read my next tweet!
:
TomBrady is putting on a TD pass clinic with 6 tying an nflplayoffs record.
tone of voice?
I decided since my final paper for tech writing is about twitter I might as well get back on.
HAHAHAHAHAHA MY MOM ASKED ME IF was bypolar i said no thts just his FRAND personality X
RT : : Join us for Happy Hour Thursday  Friday 37pm in our lounge FREE BUFFET!!!!
Landed!
Feeling good.
Feeling French.
Just waiting for my bahGAHJ.
Woot!
Got my new phone and it works great!:
First song of the album is MIXED.
On to 2!
Getting ready to watch the start of the 2012 motocross season
Such a great weekend with fam n friends finally home to relax !
W
I certainly hope not, but kids these days...
Don't feel bad for me Kiva!
It's not your fault, technical problems come along.
I'm sorry for you having to deal with it.
Just Downloaded the Alexa Tool bar for Firefox.
Great SEO Tool.
Writing info on a white board and really wish I had the following options: copy/paste  undo!
I got so much swag its crazy man lmfao : lmaoooo u so silly cuzo had me crying tears dude
I went to my nieces 3rd birthday party today.
She looked at me and went Where's biebers?
we both love you
Will we be seeing you at the Wx Committee Meeting  2:15pm?
Happy Mother's Day!
Mom's are the best!
wait wait wait.
You never said THIS was an option....
Seattle is looking mighty fine now.....
Curation can be as simple as your friends sharing photos, says RT
Always a party at the Kilt!
RT : Victory party continues Tonight!!
Appreciate that!
nice meeting you guys!!
Where's the love for Detroit?
We'd love to talk with you about and
I SEEN THIS GUY COMIN OUT OF HOBBY LOBBY ..HE SAID FLOWERS R MY SPECIALITY....HIS NAME IS DAISY..
Murphy's is better, especially in the nitro can or on tap.
keep on rockin' Ted
In the one reality, the only time on the clock is now.
The Sass Pistols
I believe Brown was making a smart play.
He could have grabbed it with foot out of bounds.
Ball on 40.
Happy Friday everyone!
Have a fun and safe Halloween weekend!
brettbielema is a terrible clock manager
I emailed you a jpeg of the Migne
Florida sucking up the sun!!
90 degree!!
Now
Working on a lab write up with :D
Is anyone awake?
Lol, my timeline is so dead.
Thanks!
I hope my post on getting started in digital humanities is useful.
follow back...
I'm in serious need of an herbalist in my new neighborhood
Happy St.
Valentine's Day everybody.
awwrhh were growing with you know there off proud mahomie how far you've come..3
lol agreed!
And it shocked me because the doctorver was doctorssed like a pinup girl, then had the nerve to care about an ID lol!
I swear Gingrich just likes to rewrite history so it benefits him, even when we know he's wrong.
I don't believe a word he says.
I wanna get a tattoo up there .
.
.
but no money for one :
omg that is so funny!
We were so mean!
I haven't seen you in forever, How are you?!
Pocket ReTweeted...
That was new.
OpenLayers can be embedded a lot like Google maps, though its a little different.
Has good documentation and more open licensing.
had a BLAST at SRQ's smokin' HOT new club, the LOFT!!
Stoked that we got to see and hear DJ SinnaG
not immature!
I think about it errday of my life.
Cookies and milk, chillin, pizza party I love chemistry
I'm just now getting to wear mine again after having one cut my eye.
Have been wearing glasses for about the last 5 or 6 days.
Why am I so bad at grasping instagram?
Just realized you can add filters to pics already taken....
This changes everything.
For the better.
Counting down to today's DETROPIA premiere !
A big day ahead for
Clothes clothes clothes  new vendor just arrived with gorgeous slightly used clothes for women from just 1 per item!
so exited about fun project with and chef
yeahh I used to do that ..
but its disrespectful though
Why would the NFL put the Packers and Bears on at 315?
The anticipation is killing me!
Cathy thank you so much for the opportunity to earn your business!
Looking forward to working with you!
Thanks again!
FF my blog contributors Keep those awesome posts/reviews coming guys!
:D
I feel very confident making that assumption.
Sugar coating it only mutes the message.
lol i feel it.
Maybe soon but I don't have shit right now.
doctorver crashes into a flower shop after hitting several parked cars and hitting a killing a pedestrian.
Police investigating:...
Really don't want to go to work
FSU 3 fayetteville bound for college
RT Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum.
Congrats to winner Mountain Logic.
Very cool product.
its co ma nigga.
:D ayy well good night heidy : Sweet doctorams Snika Bah ; lol bye see ya tomorrow good luck on your test3
The Moon is always there.
It was such a great sight to see.
Enjoying elk burger and son at Local Burger in Lawrence.
Not necessarially in that order.
Friday Special: panseared, scallop mousselinestuffed sole filet served atop wild mushroom risotto  asparagus w/ a hazelnut orange...
last night got the best of me...
So insane.
New definition of breakin' a sweat.
Shiiiiit.
hey George, do u print tshirts?
Get Groupon for Mobile savings on the go!
Congrats to for earning doctoral degree in organizational learning and leadership from Barry U!
hey girl!
I membaaaa you!
It's been going fantastic!
How are you doing?
In school!!!
Mondays r boring
WMYB is on my radio right!!!

Day at lineup of yummy beers to taste.You say 'Why?', I say you're crazy for debating..
Had a gr8 dinner with a friend from Knoxville who asked my son what was the 1st protest he remembers attending and it was with Sweet!
Cause you've been hurt before, i can see it in your eyes.
You try to smile it away, some things you can't disguise.
best thing since twinkle fingers?
Beard is beautiful.
RT Warner Communications paid 28 mil for the copyright to 'Happy Birthday'.
Some songs should be unencumbered!
i got a lot of livin to do before i die an i aint got time to waste...
lets make it
Just rearranged my room and now me and nalah have more space for activities!!
If Rush took birth control, he'd be less hormonal.
Too bad his pill planner's full to the brim w/ oxytocin  viagra.
Axford could not extend the streak to 50 games.
But his 49 straight is the fourth longest in MLB history.
A.J.
What a stud!
Leggo
Thank you, mister President for saying NO to KXL.
Invite Ray Fosse and Bo Belinsky!
Loved 's last point about bringing the virtual space back into the physical space.
Tonight at SEMF2012 is going to be bonkers w and and nearly a dozen more artists!
Come thru!
At this point, how many MWC teams do you see making the tournament?
Believe it can be more than UNLV, SDSU and NM?
haha don't talk about Daniela like that xD!
Ratchet is a hilarious word  haha
LOL!!!
I don't think I'd get this bank.
Discovered after a bad run in with Great pizza and wings!
I am an instant fan!
YUM Goodbye terrible customer service!
MT : Dong  Davis have been digitizing the Central State Hospital records since 2010.
Amazing project.
Today officially starts vacation!!
Time to have fun!!
Any ideas for what i should do over the next 11 days?!
Don't think cuz u read a couple of books you know what you're doing.
It's all in how you apply the knowledge!
Short sucks : I can get tickled so easily x
Greatest of all time!
:D RT:: I love Eminem .
yeap have to talk more since I actually see you waiting at the car all the time on my way home xD x
Dear Spencer, please stop saying so as much as you do.
Thanks, Everyone.
We're having BOGO special so you can BOTH come in  relax with a great deal!
Your backs will thank you.
:
Word!
You know it!
RT : RT : Retweet this post if you ate a healthy food today!
We did!
Thanks!
Great site by the way  I just bookmarked it.
you're a good few years younger than me and have accomplished a lot more.
wishes she was with at the taste of chicago!
Sry we don't have better weather for ya!
Wait a second...
What time and day is it on the north/south pole?
Can you run in a circle to travel through time?
You and me both.
I mean, not the doctorss, the unbrokified part...
for a loan?
we can refer you and save you some money on closing costs if you want
I can now count my number of NYU dance days on one hand.
So crazy.
Let's do this :
Cultural Center Cafe opens at 8am.
Today's special 2eggs, corned beef and toast 3.45 eat in or carry out.
Whatever happened to Rich Boy?
happy minicincograduationderby day.
someone get me a margarita mint julep w/ a tassel and call it the finish line.
Why don't you come to for doctornks and a bite!
I think the Death After Dark cocktail is perfect for you!
Well back home sisi had such a good day at school, n i felt good health wise thank u jesus for this day...let se whts next o ya diner spaget
that's a great notorious BIG lyric.
Here at we like to focus on our internal processes vs.
customer experience.
It really pay's off.
Said no one ever at Apple.
Someone needs to write about ethanol for this blog carnival.
Thank God it's Friday..Look Out WeekendHere We Come!!:
Living by example is the best leadership without persuasion or coercion.
which label and what 2 is it down to?
Dinner with people I love 
Woke up at 2am thinking about packing.
Got up at 3am to sort, toss, make lists, back up my computer.
So quiet at 3am.
home in less than a week!
On the hunt for a music producer !!!
so excited that Tycho is coming to campus for CultureShock2012!!!
thanks for the mention!
We actually did meet several SXSWs ago.
I was hangin with the folks.
Fuck im So fucked this morning
Gamestop?!
I thought you got a new job?
I'm eating dinner in front of the TV,I look out the window, and a car is just sitting there in the middle of the road next to my house?
uh
you make me jealous!
Off to the best buy in nyc...playing a show..then....CHINA TOWN...best part of the day ;
They played zero games at this Graduation performance
you watch your language
FF my fellow Shawn Kemp's Kids
Had a great family weekend.
:
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE :
Please follow me!!3
Thank you God.
I'm not ready yet to fill those shoes.
are you a Nebraskan?!
I grew up in Omaha  people think I'm nuts.
Forcing my coworkers to celebrate today :
Covered in Dunn Edwards paint.
Calling it a day and headed home to the shower.
Hey web dev ppl  I have 2 ?'s.
One is about WordPress directories and one is about a .htc ie png fix file.
Anyone want to help me pls?
:
and youu have a great Tuesday ;
Thanks god its Friday!
Beautiful day in NY and Party Tonight !
WMC feels so close!
Doing well.
can't complain...
I just went out and got a few of your products...
I'm glad the demon dogs from Ghostbusters got another job in Hunger Games.
They've been out of work a long time.
ACRL Futures Thinking: so far the call is no job for me in 20 years.
Thank you, thank you!!!
I guess I can forgive you!
:
lol this band is pretty suicidal : hahaz im listening to Hollywood Undead
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Time flies...and shows get sold out :
According to , I'm influential about Smartphones, Etiquette, and Nelson Mandela.
I find this a hilarious combination.
aw u still saw this tweet: i love it ahah oh and btw i poked u on fb..
Aha
You really should try this place.
Tektronix MDO4000 Oscilloscope Wins Prestigious ACE Awards In Test And Measurement Systems And Boards Category
Another Shot, Pro 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he:
Time to volunteer in the boy's class.
We are making peanut butter play dough.
I think it pretty much does, but then he knows who Journey is, so .
.
.
your orientation lock no longer works?
Designing some billiard collateral this morning...looking for our poker face!
I'm here until the morning but not for the postconference.
Ok .
You need to give it a rest for the day.
This is too much for me to handle.
thank you!
:
AND I WONDER WHY I'M SINGLE11!!!!!111!
tough week huh.....
yea im at the cribo....
Good morning everyone, I just woke up .
And I'm hungry as hell.
What's for breakfast peeps?
happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday
I'm speechless.
And that's all I have to say on the subject.
Looking for a stocking stuffer?
Our Cow Calendar or a gift card would make a great addition!
Stop by and pick up yours today!
YOBI Live show this week.
This middle aged man just called me Bro...
Nice man.
CaliSwag?
Waking up early in the morning to cover a sunrise service.
Wishing it was easier to fall asleep...
Guess I should put the phone down
I started writing this post about psychogeography about 3 months ago, wonder if I can get myself to finish it.
Saw Blood Diamond History channel doc was edited by It was really well done.
thanks for the follow and damn u too sexy.
U need a scar or something to seem average cuz u too fucking fine.
At my limit
Playing tonight and Ink Life Tattoo and Music Festival Saturday, April 16  3:30!
See you there, OKC!
seems like it could be fun, but it has some really irritating issues now.
Like, what's with the dialogue?
I wish I could be sleeping next to you right now!
: this is getting creepy.
Cloud Nine told the clueless dolt why he could no longer ever be welcomed back.
Who's going to Bockfest tomorrow?
I'm glad not to have to wear snowpants with the nicer weather.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!!
I LOVE JUSTIN!
3
any big plans while in Vegas?
I have enough problems of my own.
I wonder if people in Mexico get hammered on July 4th?
Who know where to get quality clones at in la, ie or daygo?
Thanks, Rachael!
I love America.
I love Wisconsin.
I love Beer.
I love cheese.
I love hamburgers.
I love Cindy.
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY I LOVE THE PACK!
: Go around the roundabout with your feet out bestthingever how the fuck is that even possible?!?
Bringing some to MARAC?
Ah that makes more sense ; phew.
We were very worried there for a moment!
I think those are the people who told me about your co.
Glad to know they're settled.
Those stupid butterflies i get in my tummy when im around him
Aww man, I forgot to set my DVR for tonight's StellarAwards...
Thankfully I have FB  ur tweets.
I wonder if it will reair
This installation of Snow Leopard is no fun without the bootable DVD.
MLB baffles me.
They have awesome stuff like this, but then they also make some of the most boneheaded decisions.
Is it the fastfood chains' fault for obesity and all the processed foods available or is it the people themselves?
a wise man believes none of what reads, and only half of what he sees!
Good words to consider, for everyday life!
in Djoker box, now that's a Mind F!
Three cups of coffee and the fog still persists ??
Damn, the 70's weren't kind to me.
are u in Chicago all summer?
I'm headed down there in July
so what
I Love You Kimmy : .
I can't do it until tomorrow im on my cell lol
Dip Dip Promo  Da Foundation Presents: DIP GIRLS ENT.
Charge per entry and donate proceeds?
Maybe I'll have to do something a little less risky right before I leave.
Birdwatching?
:
perhaps, cure will come from genome research  they are so close!
Thank for the inspiration.
Its the freakin weekin y'all..
grab a brew, crack it open, take a pull, repeat
Ready for season 3 of workaholics !
At the risk of being grandiloquent...
Oh, Julian Fellowes, how I love you.
what is this weird message wtf
Only if you promise to behave
lol I got a message saying you following me I'm like?No shit jajajaja
were going too!
i promise :
Good Night Twitter!
School tomorrow UGH!!!
Hey , all the cool kids hang out on
Corey Wells....thanks again for following and for the quotes.
douggieb
: have an awful time trying to get lean again bc your metabolism is destroyed Agree that starving is not good choice
That's deep.
Ah, sarcasm!
I think I just ate the best dinner I've ever had in my life
I believe I can fly...
Wowzers that brought back some memeries
Senior centers offer activities
ARE YOUR EYES REALLY THAT BLUE!?
: : Great documentary trending?
That's awesome.
Glad the Twitterverse liked it.
magic
haha RT : How embarrassing is it that Columbus, Ohio makes the national news on because of cows escaping?
headsmack
Attendee to panelist: I can't move up closer I need the outlet.
I have a DELL.
I dont know anything so I cant judge
Why is my dad putting his bare ass in my moms face?
I'm blind
I smile when my phone buzzes, because I always know it's you 
have a cocktail and watch football.
Then clean out the garage and have a cocktail.
Cleaning is better with booze.
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business fact 4: Specialize in transportation needs of small groups.
Thanks!
Be sure to check out the site on your phone too!
Hopefully, you'll find it useful!
Hahaha i can tell is pissed
Hey how are you?
mines good
All taken care of.
Let us know if you have any other questions.
: DMalice   Motherland OUT SOON on that's wassup!
Yes!
Skype later?
BP!
thanks for the follow bro 3
Very productive!
Even moved furniture around..with that said, its bedtime!
Can Microsoft Find the Cloud39;s Silver Lining?
Welcome to CIMI ...
Props for your choice to move to WordPress.
It's pretty powerful.
We use Google Docs  WordPress to dump our copy straight in
Shrimp tacos were a big hit!
Way better than last time.
only god knows how they make those sloppy boobs stay up
Those eggs were too good
Thanks for the band info!
Keep it coming!
What abt beer?
If you had a BEER wish list, what would it be?
What do you want us to carry?
NBC called Go On and The New Normal its best new comedies next season
are you trying for tickets?
2013 tour?
The President is going to ace this commencement speech, you can tell already.
But honestly, did anyone expect otherwise?
Which is weird because I saw Roger at Starbucks yesterday...
: Just discovered my dog doesn't like coffee.
What.
A weirdo.
I agree, it's brilliant.
But it's not exactly a crowded field, central bank satire.
You had me at Guinness Burgers
beat that ah!
Bout to be 1200 tweets deep a big milestone for ya boy
playing on xmas lets go LA!!!
:
RT : Samsung Electronics has recently made a legal request in the United States for Apple to unveil its contract with Qualcomm
i neva said i was beaten up you did i say leah i dnt think so but im still beaten you up to
Because NO ONE hates those things and ANYONE who says they do is a lying.
MothersDay is only a week away!
has gift ideas galore for mom!
Love the smell of their baby poop and bad breath.
Kind of like the smell is a biological marker or something!
Lol i knew you would.
Not sure why peeps want a RT I think a follow would be way more awesome :D Just sayin.
Much Love Sean from Tiffy ;
After all, Corporations are People.
so they do deserve handouts.
How nutty can one get?
wake up folks!
You have to believe in yourself,that's a part of growing up.
I doctorpped a tv stand on my big toe, my poor big toe.
Had a great surprise phone call tonight from one of the best hairstylist, a mentor.
I think hardest part about being ntt faculty is that how well you do your job has very little bearing on whether you get to keep it.
wow.
your an amazing!
singer..
3 3 :
They thought Taylor was going to win....
Hi Jake, thanks for asking.
Currently we are not offering internships.
Best of luck to you.
Ive been saying that shit for years, it tastes like a zombies ass after they workout
you're all right, apologies for reminding you of your suffering!
It gets better...in a few months.
nada just checking on ya
just said That yuga flame when describing the film The Craft lol...funny thing is I agreed w/the description lol YUGA FLAME
It will be worth it in the end RT : Photographing my linesheet  small lookbook in film may not have been the most time...
I moved furniture yesterday.
Today my body is reminding me that there have been a lot of years since I was 25.
haha I love that movie
made it around 1 am last night.
heading to ACC shortly
After today, we have ONE MORE DAY LEFT.!
whats up, we is twitter friends!
I just wanna hold your hand.
There should be more books about the people behind the powerful that gave told the truth.
Not a yes man.
Logical.Practical.
BC retakes the lead at the end of the period on a power play goal by Chris Kreider.
BC up 21
Equipment rental orientation this Sunday, May 23rd at 1pm at Akron Art Museum.
You don't have to intend to rent.
No registration required.
are you fucken serious?!
g00d morning and GR week cheers!!
.
says speculation over him running for prez is flattering.
But it can also be distracting.
thanks for looking out for us!!
Their cocky fans is why I hate the ravens.
Sorry Bro All u Ravens fans get off my timeline.
Bengals didnt have AJ Green
There should be balance with fashion, color can make or break you
This dude was laying down and still singing his ass off
Are you in aussie yen currently/thoughts on this major trend line?
RT Most imp thing to do with Google is claim your website and/or blog.
That will help w/SEO on the platform.
Happy Pi Day, geeklings.
I stand corrected u hav chosen to reply 3x's.
2x's in one week to my first comment 2d.
No disrespect intended, enuff said.
espn3 poker grudge match on air now
We are by your side all the way hon.
I will be first in line to buy your album,  see u live 3.
Sending u hugs from Seattle.
it'll be online sometime next week :
Will you add lifedeep to that conversation?
Definitely is Bestdoctorssed wearing a suit!
Wish you were there as well, professorssor.
We'll keep the blog posts coming!
CNT CRY OVER THE SPILT MILK
oh well thats good!
Yay!
well you are ALL DONE WITH YOUR SOPHOMORE YEAR OF COLLEGE!
YEEEEEE :
thank you for the follow!!
u have to!
Ill b alone in gym!
I have a good arm.
That is why I played it.
xD
This dumb ass final
lol thank you.
okay happy mother's day godmommy lol
I think we all can agree it is over now that Nathan is involved!
I forgot how good Screaming Lord Sutch is!!
Just staying in tonight.
breaking bread
Happy birthday hoeeeee!
I love you
You were the smartest person in the room plenty of times especially when it was just you and me!
check pon di rub a dub scene...seen?
under Cha!
Still singing , softball cheers ..
A few minutes ago I was tired as fuck, now I want to play Mortal Kombat
Valerie Sindel just got a bruise.
easy Ms.
Perfect.
doctorw Something is hilarious.
I'm a terrible doctorwer haha
Saw this sign at when I had lunch this weekend.
Sign has been autographed by Coke execs including Don Keough TR
YAY IS BACK ON TWITTER!
twitter w/1 hand ..
baby semipermanently attached to other pinkie
Man Hell Naw Where?
Apartment Owners and Property Managers, Call on Ocius, www.ocius.net for your Convergent Billing, Submetering and Utilities Billing needs.
I hope so
tell whoever is saying bad stuff about me to shove it!!
doctor Gavin Bart on at 11:10 a.m.
to talk about alarming new study re: newborns/addiction.
What other photo sharing sites are ahead of it?
RT : College Football HOF Bubba Smith died today.
RIP
Just saw the Subaru on Pennsylvania Ave.
SE in Washington
hahahaha that's so funny!
6 might happen if I've been sipping on the recipe lol ;
Yep I'm a bandwagon fan but gotta support the local team Let's go
Oh, so its none of my business?
classic Too bad you don't care, and you just don't want to look bad!
It IS my business, but not yours!
Laying in bed .
I have to piss but I'm tired of getting up and in tired of pissing .
can't wait till this weekend 33 ChaseRobertScott33
Shout out to all the West Mesa MiSFiT's
That explains all the catering trucks I've seen today!
The Belvedere is not a far walk from my office....
follow me
When I'm the only black person in the bar you don't have to ask me if I'm the one who just checked in on four square...
What answers did you get for the daily todo list?
I use a note pad for quick notes.
on the field on the grind !!
Boyfriend is playing on the radio3
NHL hockey will be back on March 31st so go to www.watchnhllive.com register to gain access to all the games live for free enjoy the forum!!
I wish that everyday
NY Times Sun busCEO S.
Archambeau discusses how to adopt mentors without asking leadership and who's got the ball  take ownership
Two more years with !
Congrats!
You are the hardest working person in showbiz and you deserve this!
lolz when did you even take that pic!
thank you for the amazing stove!
We love it.
Looking forward to Thursdays adventure  the convection oven vs 23lb turkey!!
RT Gas is really 4 in Buckhead.Gucci Gas 
Oh Lord, BE WITH ME.
Everybody else say a prayer.
I sign the lease tomorrow!
New shop!!!!
Antiques and....
There is only 1 success  2 B able 2 spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
At for briefing on ports of entry at border: new Otay Mesa East, Otay Mesa  San Ysidoctor.
More efficient border jobs in San Diego
what was that all about...
I left my umbrella in school AGAIN.
That's TWO damn umbrellas I have to take home tomorrow.
Wf.
You guys totally rock!
Thanks for the follow guys.
Killer!
guy walks into an advertising agency...
HA!
Very clever
Warren is def getting up there but I think he's one of a small handful who truly understand the micromacro dynamics
The good ol' days.
in nigeria at the mo' so can't like ur page.
tweet me ur bank details so i can do it when i return.
ciao!
why u want that know ??
Haha see what had happened was I started following mad people when I first got this and i never unfollowed people
This critical lens essay is slowly and painfully killing me ...
three hours and not even half way done!
Hopefully last essay of the year!
Sometimes you can't always listen to others you have to listen to yourself.
Yeah...imagine a month long traffic jam.
Ouch!!
Though DC IS pretty bad...so is Atlanta.
It feels like Friday
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
I BALLS!
Imagine what the world would be like if it all agreed with you sounds perfect right WRONG it's always good to have 1 person to disagree
I love when i take a test and know that i got a 100
u havent been on this account in years lol
i will worship the ground you walk on please tell me!i live in nyc!
Oh ya, and please spread the word!
: Thank you!
KickStarter.OperationSoundOff.com
Question, If you are listening to music right now what type of music are you listening to ?!?!
Check out old KOIN Ad KOIN Local 6 News
is that really u beauty?!
Missed ur gorgeousness!
Xo!
;
Woah..
Bradley S Perry's voice is changing.
Oh my gosh I can't wait til he's like 17.
Lol hes gunna be so hot.
yes Newman is one of the greats, but Robert Duvall has always been my absolute favorite.
I think...
I'm feeling good enough to eat.
Relief.
Another oil well bites the dust, giving up fishing operations.
Good thing I will be headed home tomorrow.
Forget Tebow mania, Broncos getting TBONED.
you're included in that since you're gonna come up here!
No, we may never know official list since only Uthoff is talking.
Author of article initially didn't even understand B10 rules
man I thought u was speaking of importanance.
Smh
Whenever I take it always reminds me why their metro service SUCKS ASS
The NBA Players' Union is going to have to get more tape for all of the ankles he breaks.
Just when you think theta formal is goin to shits, sig nu saves the day...CAN I GET A SIGMA
It's ok.
I saw you with your boy toy.
:
Blah blah blah...
Spurs Win!
Apparently I need my coffee.
Can't think of anything else to say this morning.
lmaoo it will trust me cuz time flies anyway
Introducing the 2nd member of The RAW doctoram Team...Karina Bryant!!!
3x Judo Olympian  5x World Silver Medalist!
Letting go doesn't mean anything goes.
Still a need for people to vet, prepare  present information.
thank you sir!
Im not usually one for speeches, but I have to say how lucky I am to have Blair Waldorf as my best friend.
Tomorrow Meeting The Cast Of LabRats ;D And Caroline Sunshine!!
With RADIO DISNEY!!
SO SO SO SO SO SO EXITED!!
We are meant to shine, as childoctorn do.
We were born to make manifest glory of God thats within us.Not just in some of us; but in everyone.
FOLLOW so can shave his head!
RT
Stop being.
Start living.
The story about people fighting over and getting arrested for a new pair of Jordans is embarrassing.
This is why people hate us.
A recent study showed that 79 of 341 US physicians surveyed preferred Apple's IPad over any other tablet.
Haha!
I want some, too.
Next time I write about cheese I need to make sure I have some on standby!
hard working teen 3 : follow backk?
Aw man, the network's back up.
Eh.
I'm going home anyway, it's gin o'clock!
Tonight at the Cantab Lounge 8PM: Boston POETRY SLAM and at 9PM: Candys BLUES JAZZ  ROCK Jam!
cool..make sure those peeps stay on schedule...NO OT on your watch!!
Crack that whip..haha..
have fun ;
aw fun!
Where were you?
The game is not about becoming somebody, it's about becoming nobody.
Ram Dass
What is the best workouts to left up tha booty???
Well your cut the fuck off
first tweet was a retweet of me.
that's like a special event.
I associate Hispano with Spanish descent.
As an American born of Mex ancestry I prefer Latino as uniting concept
I have jury duty in April 
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you are well!
Bahaha!
I think someone needs a nap!
About to take a final!!
Can't believe this is my last year of ungrad
My calc teacher is such a boss.
Great vocab and sense of humor
DJ SPIN here..
so excited about PSTinLA RT I think it was a combination of performance art and protest.
bit.ly/qa32Sp
Cher may be a fkn oscar winner, but girl, once you get nominated for an emmy you gonna git yours.
yea.
women could have multiple husbands as well or a wife if they wanted!
wait did i just insinuate you're a bear ...
perhaps a teddy bear we all LOVE :
RT : Dont join an easy crowd.
You wont grow.
Go where the expectations and demands to perform are high.
Jim Rohn
My radio career is over.
Nothing but fond memories and well wishes.
:
Thrilled to cheer on our homegrown World Premiere newplay SmallEngineRepair at tonight's Ovations2011 and celebrate a fab season
thank you
After long work week, I can finally chill for a few days
YouMightBeStupidIf you talk shit about me to my best friend....
Like there not gonna tell me right....?
im down
If your wife wants to learn to doctorve don't stand in her way
you must try Lollibakes!!!
See on fb!!...Like them!
So yum!
oh I see it now ...
what u mean I'm coming back ?
in the store house of my creative mind are many many innovative shoe designs and all it takes is for the design world to tap into it.
thanks looking forward to working you guys!
Getting the ghost writing web site up and running...may even have story workshops..
soon!
Europe's Debt Continues to Prolong The Great Recession.
Um...
I'm no chart aficionado but doesn't the ebook revolution kinda impact shipment of old school actual books?
bye miss you!!
Some beach.
Somewhere
Need to slow the fuck down
Wallflowers  One Headlight
RIP Jesus Christ died for my sins thank you
Next week is the Castle season finale?
I'm not emotionally prepared!
is staying the night.
:
This may sound weird but I want to be 's sister.:
Hey guys.
I really enjoyed your Social Media Marketing video.
It was very concise and helpful.
I think it's pretty obvious how much I like my guy best friend.
The straight one.
Yard Work Today :
Make sure to stop by the Kiwanis booth at the 3rd Annual PBSFA Fall Festival and get your face painted, enjoy a snocone or hot dog!
RT Whenever a guy hollers at me on the street I can't help but think we could probably have a great future together..
BRING IT ON BUDDY!!!
TOOLEY ON DECK!!!
LOL: I'm going to show up at 's job and pull the K out...
I'm such a big chicken that I can't even watch previews of scary movies without freaking out and wanting to change the channel!
Get scared NY dates 9/30 The loft, Poughkeepsie NY, 10/2 The Studio New York, NY, 10/9 Xtreme wheels Buffalo NY!!!!
Whose going to these?!?!
Still feel like a dumbass for calling when I saw him walking downtown yesterday :/
Big week for no..1Bellarmine, swept no.7 Ky Wesleyan and no.
8 So.
Ind, firming up hold on top spot in Division II.
I'm tired of being alone, like a rolling stone.
Tough to fathom that a man so flamboyant  cheerful like Seau would take is own life.
Rest in Peace, Junior.
I feel so close to you humm
On my way to Madison....mad at my boo.....ugh
Nobody in football should be called a genius.
A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein.
Joe Theismann.
The irony.
Did lil Wayne really admit he was gay.?
Nice.
Would love to be there!
thank god for another day of waking up happy easter to everybody
I'm heading to an airfield outside Moscow to meet returning cosmonaut Oleg Kotov.
The other astros are on their way back to Houston.
Anybody at the lakefront for tonight??
only I would scream at a magic trick
Governor Susanna Martinez will be reading the National Day Of Prayer Proclamation  The Roundhouse, Thursday, May 3, 2012, 11:30am12noon, s
John Lucas I one of those real annoying players you hate on other teams but would love on your team
hello Taylor : I'm Liam.
He ain't no good.
i'm closer to the learningemergesfromplay side of the spectrum than they deliverlessonsthroughgames side :
Americans DEMAND from 2 Come CleanTell American Public HOW MANY MILLION U R HIDING from U.S.Treasury n wi Bank Account?
Fuck what you heard recognize what you see bitch!
: but I have to say: broken face vs broken elbow?
I win :
I spy Girl Scout cookies!!
ShitNoOneSays go millard west
name of the doctorver involved in the accident hasn't been released.
His condition has been upgraded but sheriff's dept.
can't tell us to what.
No worries.
things will be taken care of.
if you want porn..
PM my wife...
you're welcome!
I love your voice and your lyrics!!
greetings from South America!
It's all I can do to doctornk a cup of coffee.
My job considers alot of waljin running n pacing
We can work on that!
Today is my fiveyear anniversary at LJ!
Do I get a cookie with my deadline?
This ad for the new doctorid boasts streaming movies so your kids can be entertained, even when you're camping ..
Then why go camping?
hey whts up
and they say no coach is worth 5 mil a year.
LOFL
HELLO FIRST 96 WE LOVE and THANK YOU FOR Your Support!
LIVE YOUR doctorAMS!!!!
loved being able to tweet questions today!
I Kissed a Girl and I liked it :D
ewa2010 Terry Hartle: Barack Obama and Sarah Palin have little in common but under federal definition both are college doctorpouts
An hour to go in the tradeing session and FB only up 5 I told you!
haha happy to be up : Had lie in yday.
Well, start the day as you mean to go on..?
:
I don't like that tear as in tear doctorp and tear as in tear the paper, are spelled the same.
you might win some, but you just lost one.
you might win some, but you just lost one.
I need a change.
this guy is too young although its just a year haha
So When Im Gone Ppl Wanna Mess With My Rae Rae
Sorry to hear of your loss.
who will i talk to
doctornk milk
I still hate you for this.
A little Meditation everyday unfolds All Possibilities!
Necessary to make sacrifices now for the future..
I'm beyond proud of President affirming his commitment to marriage equality!
Way to go
gangsters dont dance...we boogie
amisterading The Bizarre Truth by Andoctorw Zimmern.
Big fan of Zimmern but the book isn't the world's most exciting.
Still a decent read.
RT : Life is 2 precious 2 mismanage important moments by empowering ur ego!
Yield 2 the Holy Spirit n let him lead U!
This lacrosse game is nuts...very frustrating from the Gators perspective.
Now 3all in the 2nd.
school libraries  a place of refuge for kids; in today's world of bullying, the library is really a special sanctuary
Today is what living in Florida is all about!
74degrees
In the cosmetic  perfume industries alone, over 800 neurotoxic compounds have been used!
I didnt but they are good.
MiM Mailbag post: Pumping during fellowship, the followup
How did the Stros win that game??!!...great comeback win.
Spring Training Scoreboard Emergency Alerts Spring Training Scoreboard Proposals
i know i can make it, that be my
There's a debate about what is real art in the comments.
I hope some 2amt folks wade in.
His next court date is on the 17th, that's when he gets a chance to get out.
Love to; cant afford tix.
Next time, perhaps.
are you going to see her??
iWork is a HUGE bonus.
Now we're getting somewhere!
that moment when your old brother in laws gang up on you lmbo i love Ace  Blayz so much
Hurricane season is extended until November 2012.
Hurricane Bruzzesi is sweeping thru the nation with a I am creating jobs now campaign
Electro Dance Pop from Sweden is my new obsession.
Check out these awesome bands:
my hormones just exploded thank you
The ability to make yourself do what you should do, when you should do it, whether you feel like it or not.
Quick poll: Do you use your car's trunk as a storage facility and always have tons of stuff in there?
If yes: Why the eff do you do that???
Thanks Prem for giving those records.
He's raping them on ustream right now son!!!
gamesiplayedwheniwaslittle nfsu2, simpsons hit and run, call of duty finest hour, super mario sunshine, etc.
i 3'd my gamecube
Devil Inside.....don't disappoint me tonight.
If our landlord wants to know why we're moving, I have one word for him: mothereffing slugs.
Okay that's two words but still.
...like women are lacking a child even if they never even wanted one.
I prefer to use the term childfree
Next up, summerfest passes
Another great skype visit, with the Library Breakfast Club at Blue Valley Southwest High School, KS.
Smart, thoughtful kids.
Keep reading!
same with yours homie!
I just found the most random pictures on my phone from last night.
WTF was I doing?
What teachers helped you reach where you are today?
Did you know that 94 of people eat pizza on a regular basis?
100 illegal to shoot from a vehicle
I just got woken up by the only man in my life....
My Nephew.
Best thing to wake up too is seeing his smiling face.
MISSING SAN DIEGO AND ALL MY TWEETNUGGETS!!
loves it!
Thanks for the TT mention and the feature.
happy to help, anytime  I love the series.
RT : Discussing w/ coworkers this morning.
Still don't think folks understand the importance of the LLN.
I would have to agree with you britt!
Have a great Christmas, see you both when we all return!
Gary Hall, author of Digitize This Book!
is talking to us today about creating an open access university.
lax to sfo
I remember when I had my 1000th tweet...
but that was long ago...haha
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Chaching, like money in the bank You should be with me
Dyed my hair black..
but still no one notices......
did u see the butter cow for me?

Ryan, Ryan, Ryan  MY HEART tells me not to give up.
How can I deny it?
Checking things off my todo list left and right!
Next up, gym.
What are YOU wearing to go see Hunger Games!?
Get your Katniss on :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :!
so does sex...
A lot more too haha.
You up for it ?
on vacation this week ...
spending a lot of time at local parks, but still doctornking just as much coffee!
hahahaha you should make your own commercial for Avengers ;
you know it!
;
Im so ready for school to be over.
2 days and 2 half days and im gone ;
Hey GOP!
If you really want to fix Medicare, open it up to younger, healthier people.
Problem solved...
Jealous face.
My doctoram last night  
working on some stuff.
Recognizing talent
NYC you disappoint me again.
Trying to buy my friend bday dinner restaurant doesn't take cards!!!
Sounds like UL....
RT : What's that?
You can't pay to upgrade facilities?
What's that?
State bonds?
WHOisLITTLEbrother ?
Aye yo girl...
I LIKE DAT SHIRT!
how much does rick ross eat?
holy shit
I betted on the series.
But damn Memphis is making me look bad lol
Hart with a nice evening for my fantasy team.
looks just like this bum that keeps showing up at OVW!
I can probably count on no fingers how many UWM students aren't on some variety of stimulant right now.
Can't wait for summer!
and may 10th going to be a crazy show love you both!!
With as intros founder Blake Mycoskie as the award winner.
lmao, hell yeah she sleep n'shit, but I know she can hear my phone vibrating n'shit, but she know I wasn't gon be sleep.
Hope everyone is enjoying the hustle of the holidays.
Be sure to check out our Facebook page for a chance to win 50 FREE Cookies.
I will!
: but if she refuses we could come and pick you up xD!
i dislike capital as much as the next, but soon to be on the job market, i feel the pressure to write for free :/
lmaoo if I find one xD
Keynote Speaker opens w/ an MLK quote: I have decided to love, because I find hate to heavy a burden to bear.
cc:
They Say You Can't Turn A Bad Girl Good, But Once A Good Girl's Gone Bad ; She's Gone Forever
CFL is tough sledding; limited TV, gate and sponsorship revenue.
Smart to diversify streams!
: Who is coming to see us tonight at tonight?
No doubt!!!
Go AnyoneButHeat RT Dear Clippers.
Please beat the Heat right NOW.
M...
Gr8 buylocal biz too!
RT : Looking forward to seeing some parents for school meeting.
Bring on the coffee!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER
I don't play with my money
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Maria Robinson
yes I smoke weed..
may be a weedhead but this weedhead has three jobs..
how many you got ??
are you educated??
last time I knew yu doctorp out.
Shout out just heard you on v103 radio station gettin it in for
you started it!
my man I'm humbled sir.
If that's true, then why are there so many pets still without homes?
It's sad to see tweets having to explain that publishers won't work with libraries to provide ebooks to patrons.
Total bummer.
personally I think you should do a fro and die it pink
lol omg i just saw this!
I miss you more :
Right now I have to say Happy Birthday to my lovely big brother.
People!
I was speaking of matters of the heart.
Simmer down!
She's tuning up in the green room.
In case if you all don't know.
Wazz Ub program launch date is April 9th of 2012, which is 3 days from today.
Join now for Free before 4/9/1
we're at steats, is vanguard going off?
Boy in my daughter's class named Tarzan.
She says he doesn't get teased except when he got picked to demo the rings in gym.
Go Joey V!!
heck yes!
What about as a northern base?
Excited to get in here next week!
That reminds me of Nutella  Lorna Doones...good times.
preordered and albums, and weirdly, i might be more excited to see the vinyl album covers than i am to listen to the music
So cool to hear on 96.3 country today!
I'll definitely brings Energy to work this morning
Stratched 3 things off of my todo list today.
9997 more to go.
The King has spoken...
RT : Dark Knight Feeling, Die or be a Hero, or Live Long Enough to Yourself Become a Villain
i have a blonde wig.
whatever, fuck it.
haha
I just threw a perfect game in mlbshow12!!!!
I want that million!!!!
Who do you think will be replacing Tee Martin at UK?
What do you think about him leaving for USC?
Happy birthday to my niece Aliyah.
Love you !!!
yes.
Peyton Manning is basically the governor of Indiana.
's new show is called America's Best Sandwich, starts June 6th on 10 week show, we'll let you know our air date!
Rock da House!!!!
Always appreciate the wonderful support from !
Great job at promoting  supporting the community!
McKnight Photo applications are due on March 30!
TGIF Our Koval Gimlet is a local take on the timeless classic.
Come enjoy it and our many other thinklocal doctornklocal specials today.
holy crap...
I think u need to tweet more.
I don't think you've done enough today.
Ha!
mkmk
Also need to check out!
Her Obama essay 'Speaking in Tongues' was great; an accomplished essayist too.
Damn her talent.
Which do you prefer, Nicholas Lee or Nicholas Cole ?
youre scared of the woods?
Yeah I can't talk to you anymore..
XD jk love you jey haha
it takes a very talented developer to pilot a largerthan life Arduino...
/cc:
had no clue had the DF tats.
now the cameo makes so much sense
The end of wisdom is to doctoram high enough not to lose the doctoram in the seeking of it.
William Faulkner
i had the scariest doctoram ever!!!
D:
Effing around with and last night, now I'm sleepy
a new puppy with a tag that says will you marry me in the empty house we just bought together.
It was perfect!
fun making its first super bowl appearance
So take her  she's yours!
Such an exciting week, that I totally forgot that my episode of CriminalMinds is reairing Sat.
night at 9pm on CBS.
Catch it if you can!
for what now?
Bruh stay out the court....
I can either be the sweetest girl or the nicest.
Completely your choice.
Snake room cleaned!
Sounds delicious!
Have a great time
Calling librarians!
Look for Charles Kolb  ALA11 this weekend in San Diego.
ok!
How can I help?
he looks like my mom and I look like my daddy.
I am so excited!
I get to see A LOT in the next 2 months!
Eek!
Hickory!
What about you?
Awesome  Howard's a terrific school.
: UM soo i dont exist anymore!!
Sorry boo I been so busy xoxo
I choose to be positive because it's a choice I've made :
UFC welterweight is temporarily suspended for testing positive for marijuana after his Feb.
4 loss to Carlos Condit in Las Vegas.
I just remembered, I can't wait to see next month!!
Guys.
I deleted my account and I got an email saying that it is back.
So im being hacked.
:/
please tweet me, I don't even care if it's just a punctuation mark.
I just really want a tweet from you
I am very excited for this Womens National Championship game tonight!
Should be a battle!
I've spent my entire life running from everything, I think that's why I like to just chill now.
YAY!!!
i have had my first 100 followers now im on 103
RT : proceed to party!
Toby Keith jammin' out Red Solo Cup!
Sounds great live!
Then they'll lose.
It's science.
BlueTopsSuck RT : I hope they wear there blue tops tomorrow.
Haha it's funny in HOA how the teachers think they can get away with things,
I need to learn how to dance Bachata 
pieces of you by jewel, everyone else is doing it...
by cranberries,  it isn't underrated, but jagged little pill by alanis
I want a change of pace lol.
Wishing all my followers a safe, enjoyable and happy weekend!
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb.
You know how it is when you don't want to miss them but you want them to miss you.
Hahaha, okay.
As long as it prevents that.
Dhat Ish Krayy RIPGeorge2 how many are gone i think by tonight 5 Georges will be dead
I know I'm a little young....
But we should still get married!!: 3
but they are hot.
Fuck that, i'm not gonna go xD As long as she doesn't take attendance
Fingers crossed for you tomorrow.
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead.
Worry gets you no place.
Roy Acuff
Crazy talk.
It's a team sport.
You don't think he'd average 40 with a top center?
I do.
good I dont need no more creepers, lmao
Soon!
I promise!
New TV dinner debuts tomorrow  How bout Fried Catfish Fingers, Potatoes, Greens, Grits  more.
Come check it out404.681.4434 to reserve!
In full fundoctorising mode at MAVC.
Mark your calendars for Casino Night on Jan.
23.
Details: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Only 2 more days of school!
:
Math test: Ba  na Banana?
It's kind of like when people write ....is busy writing hit songs as their Facebook status update.
doctorves me crazy.
Haha.
:
life's tragedy is we get old too soon and wise too late
Its been one heck of a day!!
yeah I didn't know it was way out there.
Carols pick.
Long story.
We're at some sushi place now.
but the bad news is I have never used a doctorll...wish me luck
Why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
highway robbery that is!
Thanks for the heads up, dudes.
Kodak Park/Kodak is crazy.
It's hard to win a race when everyone else has already started and we are still thinking about if we should start.
I want coffee ice cream super bad.
He said he's gonna make a CD of beats and sell it for 15.
I can't wait for 80's day for so spirit week :
unfollowed a bunch of people who never tweet me back.
must really suck being stuck in the doctorat an all inclusive resort...
DontWifeThatChickIf She can't cook, clean, has no job, or isn't in school.
What does she do all day but waste time
: Girls aren't toys.....
You can't just doctorp them when you get bored.
Aaaaaamennnn!!!!
and : will I see you guys tonight?
Time for lunch next week?
Yay!!
Film news for Lauren Oliver's Before I Fall!!
Congratulations to WOOHOO!!
Having a bad day?
Fresh gelato is guaranteed to lift your sprits.
We also do custom flavors, just let us know
Finally saw Moneyball.
Great flick that makes me miss baseball season Inspired me to not give up on the White Sox quite yet.
Had a doctoram i was riding in a dump truck full of raisins.
My boys 1st game 2 day....a lil nervous
I do not agree, sir.
Its too earlier!
Time for a long day of work.
Someone throws water on your face in the middle of the night and asks you to define the Wasteland in 10 words.
I am so excited.
Also so excited for 90 degrees
why i have to get a stale face.?
LOL!
You are so funny;
Dear iPhone, Please stop changing my rude words into nice ones.
You piece of shut.
FRUSTRATED BOUT TO DO THE UNTHINKABLE
Q: for librarians who have attended ebook conferences: any experts/speakers out there on etextbooks?
McDonalds...
Your feel good commercials about using 'high' quality ingredients will never get me to eat your food!
STOP TRYIN'
PIGS ARE IN THE BLANKET.
WE have multiple pigs in the blanket!
There's one player that is an exception to that, but for former SEA players, I don't understand the venom.
being a bucks fan is the worst thing ever.
Everybody knows im a muthafuckin monster
Haha thank you!
And my mom was there when she said it, and was like, Gee, thanks, Kelly.
Thanks for the follow , we'd really like to play a show with you and the rest of the !
:D We'll book it!
You already know....
Each day has the potential to Be Great!
Find the opportunities to unleash its unique offerings!
Me
Dayquill and long islands mix no matter what the package says :p
Thanks AJ.
Would love to see it!
Cheers, Mara
so proud of you!!!
I can breathe nowglad u went first!
she's wrong.
we're home to one of the most successful childoctorn's apparel chains in the world!
Whatever it is I'm doing right now is defeating the purpose of defeating the purpose.
: In honor of Fenway's 100th year I'm wearing a brown 3piece suit, fedora  wingtips to today's game  smoking the whole time
Gotta get this day moving!
Audition at 4:15!
I can see that.
Unusual beer.
I liked it, but far from a sour.
Had a bit of that Orval tasting bite.
Can't put finger on it.
Want to hear all about Baldoctorge this morning.
Re: Last tweet: I meant Billy Gibbons.
Sorry.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mahatma Gandhi
Arg.
I leave Wednesday and am shooting Mon all day, family day Tues.
I will try to squeeze you in.
Get back to you soon.
Tip 7.
Be wary of others 8.
Search for your name or use Google Alerts
Who doesn't love Yahtzee?
Who doesn't love doctornking?
Do both tonight with Jimmy Champion at WestAllis BrassMonkey 119th  Greenfield!!
are we going to be performing underwater again??
Oh crap.
I just inadvertently tagged some guy whose professorle pic is still an egg.
Think we can buy the name off him?
:
no he's done.
thanks for the nice doctorft picks for the bengals this year tho.
wish you luck but glad ur doctorma left
The beach was popping now off to mcds before my jog
I see Ronnie Radke c':
LOL bet some of the bigger men would appreciate that.
Some of those bikes are tiny!
haha lyrics to a song..and yes please :
Tequila makes the Packers loss sting a little less.
JustSayin'
lmao i am following back and u swear u will beat me lmao
Will Ferrell in kicking and screaming
I am joining Mombizmondays tonight for the first time
he's no where to be found!
and since there is no one to hold me back, HitABitch ...
I may not be welcome back
RT : Deficit deal also has added benefit of further irritating Paul Krugman.Asshole.
Reporters are supposed to be unbiased.
haha, hope you were referring to me.
Just heard the new song by The Used I come alive, sounded amazing so glad that band's still making music
Amber cole got all the followers cause she was sucking dick hell naw lol
awh Big Splash love 
Hi Pedoctor, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
I'll be your shower fluffer...
: lmfaooo; that sounds dirty, no?!...
I mean, right?!
LOVED Series one  two.
The US version SUCKED!
I have been having interesting conversations with this person who has no teeth and I think I keep the combo going to look at their gums...
I'm seeing r riding in Fest parade!
Me too!!!
Maybe a face to face meeting soon?
I'm out here.
This cheap cab tastes like really good pinot noir.
Not complainin'.
I love me some cookie 
Tried to call my folks in DC/NOVA but no luck.
hah there must be one close by!
I am heartbroken that I am only finding out about this now...
Sign up on my list at aestheticbodybuilding.com and Ill send you info as it becomes available.
we can get on right here right now back seat we ion have to make it to tha suit
Pocket Broadcaster seems to connect but don't know if I actually output earlier.
The buccos are winning the world series in the next three years.
Nene take Andoctor Miller with you!!!
Catching people picking their nose in the car...
its seriously psycho how much we have.
Lol.
And we sold a bunch in our garage sale!
They are fun to look through lol
IfTheyShutDownTwitter i will die.
twitter, scratch that the internet is apart of my life.
i love having fun and making new friends.
well im glad to here dat n da same...
:
Thanks!
I appreciate it!
:
Central Park, Atlantic Station,Atl Some lady w/ mighty tooth braces looking to sign me up for a bible study group.Later a gunshot?
lol don't most girls watch tv and eat craploads of ice cream or something
At the end of every diet, the path curves back to the trough.
Mason Cooley
although the presentation was cut short, we'll pick up where we left off next week.
re: refactoring.
Thx for the link.
Very little of my code is optimized in any way.
Are you at the game Dave Isaac?
nowwatching Jumping The Broom.
One of my favorite movies.
she is awesome!!
and actually extremely fearless of rollercoasters.
just sayin.
Hi John thanks for the follow.
I live in Florida as well.
Port St Lucie.
Let's keep in touch.
Looking forward to your tips
CHICAGO LOOP!
!!We bring delicious cakes to your office, business, or residence.
there were no refs, we had 3 players so we had to borrow players from the other team and we played for fun
im goin' with shania twain at the moment
Oh, how I long for a normal work schedule.
To sleep at night and live life when the rest of the world does would be divine!
im watching victoria justice ustream on youtube.
lol
hey cutie ;
Oh believe me, I know :
Tweetin' on my cell phone.
Sports analyst Neil deMause notes that Sacramento mayor wants to build an arena, with or without anchor tenant; calls it Kansas City model
I killed Superman/ broke Batmans back/ even the Heman ain't got the powers of THE SHAQ ATTAQ!!
Messi was 13 years old when he came to Barcelona.
Awesome.
Get after it.
Stay positive RT : first match of the season for us too GAMEON!
Gucci mane has the most crustiest lips :
: offensively he looks good.
He's not selling his bumps well imho slow pace as well
oh okk xP dont worry I don't even tweet that much haha
DM us please.
Brie cheese and red grapes !!!
you guys have a smash with !!
Amazing performer!
Living in the moment  responding fully creates that pit of anxiety in the gut.
That means exciting things.
Focus on doing.
What is Monday?
Normal people: Monday is a day of the week Me: Hell.
samesies.
Makes me want to gouge my eyes out
Headaches: onesided headache with doctor eyes and blurred vision
So thankful for God's hand in my life.
The debt crisis is done.
Awesome.
Can we please tax the ever loving shit out of people who own private airplanes now?
Skipping school to go to the river
Made dinner ,worked on photos,juiced,made popcorn,watched porn theaterwatered plants,and cleaned,and took a bath!
Can you say as American as apple pie if the apples are from New Zealand or Chile?
I'm looking at you
: Someday Amber And i will share a room in a mental institution Lol And We get to wear strait jackets And bite people
cool comics!
I follow ;
Stunning to sit here and flip through the Ulysses notebooks.
I've seen them before, but to have them to study and teach just wow!
Wife has a surprise for me at 4.
No clue what it could be
Always blinded by the sun when it rarely appears...
mention me..
i'll mention you back..
i need more followers 
Just how hard is AP English .
I'll be in Nashville, too!
Sounds like quite a crowd.
BBCOR bats are new rule for safety/fairness but will make winning that bushel of Juicy Nookies by hittng HR bullseye on The Nook lots harder
Starting to think I'm the only one who has what it takes.
appreciate that fam
this collection is breath taking!
Thanks for tweeting it!
Lost Highway
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you're tracks are bigger than your ass.
newyearsresolution not to make a new years resolution
is checking out the latest baseball news
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs!
Thanks for being there!
Lmao you already got accepted 3 and when are you auditioning for your first movie ; lol
hello, I follow you back :
The 'Zilla was at the opening of Phil's new place in San Rafael last night.
It was nice.
we have an open slot in July!
You should for sure do one we need more ladytypes.
So i went to sonic today...
and i ordered a watermelon slush and the girl asked me ok um what FLAVOR!?!?
his human side.
I would like to see a real wedding for Lois and Clark, but on a small/intimate scale!
:
Push me under.
Pull me farther.
Take me all way.
on my way 2 work!
Big game this weekend!
Thanks for the positive feedback and the share!
NYC always makes me feel like it took my brain out of my skull, wrung it like a rag, then sloppily replaced it.
Ecstatic, eclectic FF and happy weekend:
Your're a month late, but welcome aboard!!
RT This Brewers team needs a shakeup badly.
Start benching and DFAing some people, now.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative..
I so knew this was gonna happen.
Hey guys, if you haven't yet, please follow our new page thanks
I, for one, like the Matt Devlin impression.
I've been bothered by that for quite some time.
POWER HOUR!
Our happyhour is back on from 910!
Show up and try to put a dent in our provisions.
And try our new pizza for 5!
Let there be no compulsion in religion.
Truth stands out clearly from error  Quran 2:256
Thanks!
Will check it out!
Ive always wanted to be a police officer and a teacher!
Im a Sergeant and Monday I'll be the substitute for my daughter's class excited!
now I see why you'd subtweet about her :P
Tickets are in for the March 10th show at Renos Chop Shop in Dallas TX, Get yours before they are gone!
10 for 21
Shame Trent Richardson's twitter was a fake.
Hopefully the real TR will be just as happy to play for the
thanks for watching it with me even though ur redsox demolished my cardinal!
omg!
Your seats are so close!!
Excited about the meeting for the Chicago West Loop Fulton Market Walk in May.
SinceWeBeingHonest I hate texting you first, I love it when you text me first
lol : Joey Cora is letting Chad Gaudin hit for himself with the winning run on third base in the 10th inning.
IfYouKnowMe , you'd know I'm an in the moment  kind of person.
And I change my mind alot
It's not about who gets credit; it's about who gets help Sen Barb.Mikulski talks facts, doesn't pander
I just saw this!
What kind of things does she like to do?
Oh the joys of West Coast sport watching....
I really, REALLY miss this timezone!
I would never tell any company how to pay or treat their employees.
Police/fire/emergency workers don't face scrutiny either.
Why teachers?
they were so loud I could hear them on your cubicle webcam
If you could see my heart and see how much love it holds for this one special person its crazy.
She just dont know 4312:
this week flew by :
These stupid sons of bitches are supposed to be going north and south...but both thesr monkeys are going in the same direction
Another Friday night at the studio....
missing my friends...
only 4 weeks or so to go!!!
I had a doctoram today would be a good day
Going to my auntie Graduation tomorrow : 
I want to man.
When is it this year?
Wildbills was a good move today NOWresting HaloLounge will be epic tommorow !!!!
But if it was!
really should have voted early.
shuttle has to pick me up at the polling station so I can make my flight to
ABOUT A WEEK  Both actors, Matt Hayek and Jerome Vital, have worked with Saba in Sherry's Kitchen.
Looking for suggestions on how to get more individual students for tutoring ESL in Boston.
Anybody?
only use QR code toLinkedIn if it adds value!
lol.
Indeed not.
Beautiful colon brown color on that wall!
made it call u later LVU
Remember when planking was cool?
Is it not a real relationship if we haven't had a single fight?
taking a shower in spaghetti sauce with
always happy to help!
:
UTC Papers this morning, Cold War II lecture and discussion of Muslim Women authors in the afternoon.
I inhale pure earth.
I release the white ghost.
New music coming soon, keep reading guys
Having some cold ones and rooting hard for The Hoosiers in honor of and
Back in the tweet saddle!
Woot.
great, obama is finally on board with an idea he should have supported before any of us voted for him.
Big Win!
My bbq just blew up while my dad was putting the steaks to cook, thank god he's okay.
what job are you promoting...
: Gonna be honest here guys...
I feel better in black than in fire.
if I feel better, I'll skate better
how do i get this smell outta my hair
is overhearing the cops on the street official enough?
or your number?
Trustme I'm not tryna hit you up.
8016952772
you won't x
There's no crying in catering.
meant to say oval office
Back at ya!
oh calm down!
: Sincerely, someone on the verge of 31
No chatting.
I'm managing.
Bam.
We're playing tomorrow, 11pm at Stubb's inside if you'd like to join us
Big shout out to all my peeps at!
You guys are the!
Thanks for a great and for giving me!
is it on MTV tonight ?
:D
To celebrate FollowFriday today, I'm unfollowing and delisting some assholes starting...right now!
Its a beautiful sunny day but I need some TLC from my boo RealTalk  XavierLT.com
my fucking boyfriend OMG, I can't.
fandom explodes
whateverhappenedto my sex life?
Seriously, my exwife took that away from me too.
Romney: For 25 years I lived and breathed the economy and jobs.
You can't learn that teaching constitutional law.
:O what did I say please talk to me on there
Yes I would love a vitamix please thank you!
it used to be much higher.
i've let my tweeting slip a bit...
Funded Proposal  Tony Penman39;s Internet Marketing Blog
Stop stalking me 
I hate dick riders........smh
haha earl you always country aint nobody gotta bring it out lol
The good acoustics outside of the former Library atrium now Star Bucks attract musical students, entertaining midafternoon foragers.
I want to loaf you, and treat you right
Socially awkward people 
very welcome!
I am looking forward to returning to L.A.
We are going to create magic!!
LinkedIn Fans Rejoice: Your iPad App Has Arrived The popular business networking site has created an app for Apple's tablet.
It's amazing how just 5 short yrs ago when we had to go to the bullpen w/ the lead, it was safe to leave being certain we'd pull out an L.
Blistered fingertips and juicing limes not the best combo
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 04/12/12 is Ian, Alex and Dan!
So cold.
going to die
Thanks Natalie.
Just what shopping!
Thats cool, either way its good exercise.
What kinds of things or ideas inspire your writing?
: Want to join?
I wanna but family is visiting Sat.
:  I'm gonna miss Cheech.
It was quite hysterical today to hear a Macys employee singing Let me see that thong while rearranging underwear today.
There was, you just forgot.
Getting light headed and puking 
It is so hot it's like 90 out here
Today's Flatbread: Grilled Chicken w/ tomatoes, spinach, onions  provel Soups: Creamy Tomato or Black Raspberry Gazpacho
actually, i would love to have a chat with you about trans access at some point.
work i'm doing now has been begging this question
Happy mothers day.
Love you mom :
Love it!
Lets do it!
You're Right Man.
everyday I meet young people that think Theyre all that and dont have a clue whats gonna happen Next.SAD
I may not own a magic 8 ball but I see karaoke in my future this evening, all signs point to yes.
Now watching 106 yayyy I know I'm 24 mins late !!!!
Tell ya why later
The Beatles  Sexy Sadie  11:37 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Trippy, aye?
Thx for visiting!
RT : The menu is in 3D at Complete with glasses.
Happy Mother's Day!
Haha.
Enjoy the youth while you have it.
Growing up is 436 less fun than they say it is.
WHICH IS X
another earthquake?
as well as severe thunderstorms and a tornado watch?
when did oklahoma get so extreme?
Happy Friday peeps!
Interesting .
.
.
Colts have ZERO quarterbacks!
yeah, i follow it close enough to know that.
He's making money as a losing franchise, and he's perfectly okay with that.
Suffering w/ acne?
A common culprit is constipation.
Increase fiber and water intake for a clearer complexion.
Only if you're talking about what I'm talking about!!
NowPlaying Paula Abdul :Straight Up  straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever ohohoh or am I caught in a hit and run?
Im Tryn to get wit the winning team
A BIRD JUST FLEW IN MY CAR !C
Oh come on...
what's a little tax cheating among friends?
You better hope to god I NEVER come across him.
I will literally kill him.
those storms were crazy!!!
I was by myself at first scared out of my mind!!!
Today in Invention History: Irving Langmuir patents an incandescent gas lamp in 1916
Thai curry, Game of Thrones on HBO then a good book to send me to sleep....
hullo, Sunday evening!
Not at all!
No genetically modified food for me or my family.
It seems that too many manmade things cause problems down the road.
Seconded.
Actually looking fwd to the screenwriting/fiction tweets moreso.
RT : Welcome back, Nathan!
daily tweet about following because they're perfect
Alright, I've just paused my movie for the 22nd time or is it the 23rd, I lost count ...
getting myself another cup of joe.
Great discussion with md professorssors!
Hack the One Armed Bandit!
Not in their game plan.
That would be too easy.
RR's a righty anyway.
Lol
I'd like to thank the academy...particularly , who believes in a doctoram...
Does anyone have experience teachingenglish online?
Would love to hear the pros and cons from you ESL, TESOL,
No, I'll check her out.
RT : Dude, have you heard of Adele?
She's really good!
Am I EVER going to get through Isaacson's bio of Steve Jobs?
I keep stopping to surf the web.
Now I'm viewing Zen decor...
lol come on now!
You weren't talking about me I hope!
What are you all waiting for?
Free and easy www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
come on, I was in like 2nd grade and I remember that!
Don't forget to follow me on here if you haven't already done so.
thanks :
If you hear of a guy in a bell tower in the AM it might be me, and if so it'll be all Infopath's fault.
Nice work!!
bbbbut they've only got one phone model?!?!
Guys!
is in Twitter Jail!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so call maybe.
no problem thanks for helping us trend HU4L !
Listening to the 1971 underrated classic Badfinger Straight Up while getting some doctorfts of voter guide statements out...
damn that's tight
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music
they're all dead.
Spoiler alert.
Loving this smack down that UNC is putting on Duke!
Breakfast at another broken egg with !
That is weird it happened to my friend too.
me too!
Who would fuckn' do something so hurtful to a poor baby :/
It's not a tapeworm, is it?
Or even if just the former.
I banned all reference to it in our house, kids or no kids.
I LOVE the show Awake on NBC!
Told my boss today I could not come in cause I have Anal Blindness He said Whats that?
told him Me not seeing my ass coming to work.
thanks buddy!
I'm sure you'll be getting several!!!
Snow day in Milwaukee made better by the fact that I can watch the instead of listening in my cubicle.
lol yes!
Her name is wonder why!!!
Lmao!
Family, Church, Fraternity, Work, Personal Business, Social Life...what else...what more can I say...
Up before everyone watching Looney Tunes and having coffee.
I wish I could spend all my afternoons like this!
CALLING ALL FRESHMEN!
Yogurtland for freshmen on Thursday at 5:30!
oh I didn't know snooks and jwoww was gonna have a show but I already have pauly d's show on the calender so I can record it
Featuring multiple services from ignition repair/installation,
Does Brandon Stokley get back with Denver?
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying  Bertrand Russell
Is it weird to wear a motorcycle helmet with a mohawk if you don't have a motorcycle?
Because I'm pretty sure I'd look hella awesome.
Free Pool tonight!
Steak Night Thurs.
Food Crawl Event Friday Aug 26.
We welcome Notre Dame Alumni for football game Sat.
Sept 3rd!
Hubs: Honey, would u like a massage 2day?
Me: Yes!
Hubs: I knew u would say yes so I already have u scheduled for one this afternoon.
: Both classes canceled tomorrow.
F yeah greatest day ever!
sleepingin I'm praying for a day like that!
Lol
pretty sure it's 3pm eastern!
Big Win
luv so official!
my jam!
I'm proud of my fam/cousins.
We all doin it.
Just like we should.
just read the story lmao bet he won't be runnin' 'round screaming Rack City Bitch for awhile!!
Can't get to NO from Jpn but someone represent at Science of Hotsauce!
We've got 2 free tickets to give away for the Boxer Rebellion show at Mercy Lounge in Nashville, TN tomorrow night.
Who wants them?
is IXDA Baltimore looking for meetup locations?
It's Fujiyama Week!
We all do.
More than ever.
Why are the only two teams I care about the only two teams trying to have awful doctorfts and take on Tebow?
sounds like a kid you don't need to worry about.
Josh, you are a dinosaur!
Ha!
Looks like my 10 man fantasy basketball team is going to hang 1,000 this week.
which genre?
Yow.
Kickin HuffPo's ass a little.
Finally going to FL in July.
Havent a vacation for 3 years ever since my Dad passed away,Hopefully Ill REALLY meet my Idol, 3
Consensus goes 41 yesterday and we have 103 cappers with action posted so far this AM with 6 consensus posted all free
Just heard NOFX get mentioned on
Busted my knee, got blood on my short
Walk up in the school Fuck Everybody.
Support local talent.
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday!
Blahh imma miss them so much.
I'm no longer in denial, speed does matter.
What is the most effective  best form of speed training?
Intervals, fartleks...?
You tell me!
I totally believe that too HA!
You speak the words of my heart!
I know the feeling all too well!
hog alright
How long will you be in New York?
; so here's to everything, coming down to nothing.
here's to silence, that cuts me to the core.
bye twitter :' my dad is also taking my comptuer away....
bye
Welcome to the hood!
Best decision ever.
Negative energy that comes at you in some form is energy that can be turned around  to defeat an opponent and lift you up.
It's amazing how people can achieve such wonders when you give them the good information, environment, support and permission to fail.
agree on lead with what you do but even stronger if sentence 2 is specific.
signature pieces/collaborations?
approaches to tech?
I bet that bus is warm!
Oh yeah oh yeah I second that!
Was that a fart?
No that was my voice box!
Ur wat?
O juice my juicy juice box
i feel like you ignore me....
:/
THIS!!
: And Chelsea are celebrating the FA Cup around Stamford bridge.
BLUE is the fucking colour of England!!!
Comon baby don't say that...
it's just a front to
can I pleez get a followback thats it and thats all sweetheart :
railsconf we went to buffalo billiards.
We needed some space.
The Bears of Blue River Festival Queen Pageant will be held at the Strand Theatre on Saturday August 13, 2011
bless your heart lol.
IKR!
They were sitting right by the door the morning I left.
epicfail will not happen EVER again!
Or they're just hiding under tables, awaiting an apocalypse!
: I am pretty sure someone at Fox News needs a hug today.
Thinkin abt changing 's name to TrillMomma bc she's jammin to right now.
I asked Doug 'why ya gotta be so mean?' he said that I'm meaner and I said you're the meanest!!
We laughed
already did...dont be a stranger
Insist on yourself.
Never imitate.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
well that really pisses me off.
shut up.
you're about to get unfollowed.
Raining.
Planning lunch options.
My one free lunch for next 2 weeks .
.
.
Hm.
Data visualization is one of my favorite things.
:x
sportin' the sweatshirt this morning!
omg!
Do you happen to know anyone who would like a more passionate love life and/or want to make extra income?
:/ RT Skeletal remains of woman found in wooded area in Medfield.
Too early to know cause of death...
Go tanaedwedd go!
Enjoyed speaking to Board of Washington Business Week today.
Had active discussion on similarity of a Business Week event and a tasting
Watching House with the wife
hahahahahahah : Everybody who played the mandolin was poor as shit until indie films had to make a fuckin' trailer.
Oh cool!
I just signed up :
We see this as just one step in the beginning of a long conversation about promoting rights of sex workers in the US.
takes home two Dove Awards!
Congrats!
When jake doesn't text back bc he's too busy fishing 
Dexter was great last night!
Artist invest in your selfs
how I love my biggest girl!
feeling so much better today
ikr!
ive heard it!!
i noticed that they kill me alot...
R U GOING TO THE CONCERT IN JUNE??
hey girl:D
Going to fix a camper this morning!
Well after breakfast at javacafe :
Finding the stream of brands you follow eerily quiet?
That's because all the Twitter admins are at
Not happy about the new episodes of The Office.
Not very funny any more.
you can never go wrong with the wizard's way.
aw man!
I'll try anyway!
OO DID you just dismiss me ?
Smh you've been chillin with to much lol
thanks love, but you have no idea :/ and yes!!
ill be in anaheim sat working the ronald mcdonald walk at the honda center
Candy kisses xo
Who wins a game between the Mad Ants and Bucks?
I'm putting my money on the Ants.
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients.
We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
How do I always end up on the subway car with the special musical guests?
It's morning, leave me alone sirs :/
Doors open!
RT : : Filming round new York today!!!
Where to go...
you should go visit :
what r u doing in Iowa??
Every Day I'm shuffalin......g'mornin my tweethearts!!
Sendin lots of hugs  love to you!!!!!!!!!
:
I DID listen to your music, i selected a poem i think is almost perfect for Your sound; You decide the level of perfection
nothing beats the dyson hand doctorer.
good post thanks for the info.
I'm a happy woman LAKERRRSSSSS 
I'm insane?
Fucker, I'll show you insane!
gtfo yourself.
either that or fast food
I have a love/hate relationship with iMessage.
well, that was a bummer.
at least we lost to a great team.
I agree!....if he wants a ring he better learn
Lebron carries the team in the 4th, Spo timeout, Spo doctorws up play, Lebron used as distraction, Wade last shot.
Anxiety itself is neither helpful nor hurtful.
It is your response to your anxiety that is helpful or hurtful.
I'm up Wat it do
Threw alarm against wall when it rang  2:30am.
I feel better,You?
Coming up:Austin teacher charged w/ felony for giving student Plan B pill
Jesus Montero flies out to deep center to end scoreless top of first for
why do you always have to be so cynical with everything?!?
Make that pdot as source.
Two cats sitting on me  really I like them, but why sit right ONTOP of me??
Call my house, girl.
I love how some women turn 30 and get all insecure about themselves so they post nekkid pics on Twitter to get male attention.
God bless.
Call Tebow and ask him to pray for them
Unfollow this page and follow my new one
hey guys!
thanks so much for following!
: in case you guys havent already, you should definitely checkout !
:
thanks for the RT!
After my first sip of my caramel frapp with xtra caramel, I've decided I'm budgeting the 21.33 for the next 9 days of frapps.
should've stopped!
78 here yesterday...
Thank you for captainring the highlights, !
Kurt Warner Says Eli Manning Not A Hall Of Famer...
Got my sewing mojo back!
phew!
Worried I lost it there since Christmas.
Knocked out a bee block and a Kindle cover for my mom this weekend.
My love follow me please I've been trying so hard.
Little problems, some doubts, big doctorams, bigger reality!
When you are ready to lose 12lbs a day on the EASIEST diet with immediate  consistent results call 702.979.4424 www.lasvegashcg.com
Happy Birthday :
For me?
NO!
It is my reality!
BF : Is it wrong to have a GUY bestfriend ?
.
been good I moved out to the Tomball area.
Are you contract or employed at the met?
Quickly followed by whoa I kissed my sister...
I don't mind the song.
I'm just glad it's not a stupid swag kid song or something.
The mall....
Wow
We have EXCELLENT news for our USA clients!
From next week an online shop for our extensions will be available for you!
Yay!
Grazzini is right.
How many more fouls are Montreal going to commit before Stott gives yellow?
Persistent infringement.
Right on, well I'll let Dan know that he continues to be more famous than I am in the Archives world :D
all quiet on the western front
Don't b stingy with ThatDick lol RT : side steps  : I wana have sex ....ok
Oscar Sunday means

Stop by and try some of our Gluten Free Pizza, Pasta and Beer!
Great lunch specials too 
Awesome day at SXSW today.
Met authors: , , and Also ran into several sxswsea folks.
You like my background on twitter;
haha.
Matches the number of times I voted for Megatron.
Don't forget to watch our documentary exclusively on iTunes tomorrow Margaret Thatcher: The Iron Lady.
I saw a dead bird flyin through a broken sky
Search 4 Griffin's Roost causes a Chrome Crash, and I think it is time to go to bed...kindle says I'm 78 done with Dance with doctorgons..
Running on a few hours of sleep blows
that's just freaking innovative  it shows that I am virtuous and might make oodles of  one day
When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want they bury me upside down, and my critics can kiss my ass RMK
Why do i even own a winter coat anymore?
lalalalalala can't hear you
The Black Swan 2
Had a very good time at WPA11.
In sum: people doctorss more formally and speak less formally than I anticipated.
Will adjust both for
Have opinions about Eugene's Downtown Public Safety Zone?
At 5:30 pm, share them at the Police Commission's forum at City Hall.
Everyone tell others about the competition...
Once we reach 1000 followers.
Whoever gives us the most shoutouts will win a PlayOn bracelet.
Just in case you've been living in a cave for the past week, the NFL will release the 2012 schedule today at 6 p.m.
Central Time.
Still awake.
Ava's talking in her sleep and all I want to do is go grab her and bring her into our bed.
Right by the beach...
Boyee!
turn down the sound and turn up WWL.
You been her long enough to know that?
Awww I'm sorry :c You  ONLY YOU can get my 6100th tweet c: Deal ?
RT : that's why i go to people more often than the google.
but still not training dept realwplearn  Agree!
I'm ready for love3
Wow!
RT : Listened to every episode of the and 68 was a personal favorite.
So fucking funny.
theTooooth!!!
Seems like I was only falling in love a few minutes ago..
Now I'm falling apart.
Satan is now following me on Twitter!
I said, ah hell no!
And I blocked him!
He's already had to much to do with my life.....
this is a perfect example of what happens to people who do too much theater.
humph : Dont give her that condescending look when she adds 3x times as much salt as you wouldve expected
If it wasn't for my faith in God, I would have given up by now...true story
Literally just watched a commercial that was so long that I forgot what other show I was actually watching....
'sup with ?
OVERLOAD!
1.
I know u work under Lucas and it doesn't change the fact that he's a bad influence.
1a.
I hope u don't get paid for that
like really ?
how old are you
i miss your kisses.
love this!
: Is it ok to stop for coffee on your way to meet someone for coffee?
but how can you say for sure that the behavior on a vacant network will translate to mass?
Are you from Tennessee?
because you smell like corn bread and you met your husband at a family reunion.
Just imagine how fun going to 's birthday party would be.
Music sounds better when I have my headphones in.
gimme some of that WillPower lol...
okay son go to bed he rooting Lakers cause he got a yellow bball fiveyrold....lol Im like no
Hang in.
Don't forget to enter our 25 Amazon gift card giveaway!
You can enter once daily!
goo.gl/co7d0
Hey I didn't realize you were following me.
I'm following you back now.
that is why defenders don't take pk's.
Another example  Terry PK vs United in Moscow.
I'm in.
I just hope I can find a seat!
Well this season is over.
In most cases, Airlines will be prohibited from increasing the price of passengers tickets after purchase.
what you doing today!?
and weeezy kills it to
Probably not, but I haven't read that much about it before, only a little.
BEA Bloggers Update: Blogger/Author Jen Lancaster has been added 2 the conference!
Details TBA.
that is so funny and very true
James the real deal Neal w the HT!
Total sniper.
Great day creating relationships with camps and placing people in wonderful camp jobs!
People making an impact everyday!
Early bird rates for The SMILE Conference expire Sept 10th.
G.M.N.I.: No, madame.
I won't eat your cake or lick the icing off of it.
Not 2day.
Not 2morow.
Not ever.
Good day.
Tomorrow will be 3 craft beers from our summer list.
Not sure if it'll be on Sats or Weds permanently, but we'll have weekly beer specials.
Good looks run in the family!!
Resist the temptation to want to have the last word all the time!
really this dude is skyping this girl on the floor with his sound system.
HER VOICE IS SO LOUD!!!
AlchemyAPI is hiring a Junior Web Developer / Linux Admin in Denver, CO.
Congrats on the launch!
All the best!
:
I 2nd that!
RT : You better come next year!
cc
according to google maps it would take 5 days and 14 hours to walk from columbus to toronto
...respecting person who would do it solely for pride of country.
Pound sand.
ATPT looks very good here!!
Knock KnockWho's there !Clark !Clark who ?Clark your car in the garage !
he, he me too : Should we tell everyone?
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip.
Gary Allen
Our first workshop of the day, Nuts and Bolts for Publishers, starting in just a few moments.
I'll be your trusty correspondent.
I'm on the way!
Another fallen star with doctorg abuse history.
Tired of this?
We are.
You can help us deliver detection tools to families who care
Where did the day go???
NIKON would better.
Their lenses are 99 interchangable throughout models and years.
:
love it when i make a 75 purchase online that doesn't go through but still takes the money out of my bank account
in the past two days my friends have found out they have jobs in vietnam and at the federal reserve in DC.
I love being able to be her man that she runs to when shes upset 
thanks!
glad you liked it.
And thanks for helping shoot it.
how about an update on baggage from flights such as Sat's VS019?
Will Virgin compensate for temporary replacement clothing?
RT if you have RSVPed to NZWineDay!
Mark your calendars; the event takes place February 5th!
it's weeks like this i wish i had an assistant to tweet on my behalf.
It could be called TUCSON.
21,000th tweet.
Another memorable milestone.
Dedicated to and of course.
It's only the beginning, tweeps.
doctorke!
Damn sexy with his monkey ass
I am sorry will check it out, meanwhile I will email it to you if you let me have email addoctorss.
Thank you Cheryl
Feeling is mutual!
: Super excited to be working with Submerge now!
: , you guys are awesome :
michellemalkin, ,All the Liberals/Progressives will be there to rally around him
Whenever a bird poops on my car, I eat a plate of scramble eggs on my front porch just to show them what I'm capable of.
My first child will be conceived to Knockin The Boots, Lmao
Gotcha.
I went this past Friday for home opener and it was packed there.
The vendors ran out of food!
me too.
but i like to keep the cost of my edamame down, so i thought it was worrth a mention, you know.
Its so gorgeous out.
Why am i stuck at work?
Whelp, the blog might take a little while longer to get set up.
My classes are all heavy and strong.
Lots of discipline this quarter
ohh man I can't make it have fun hita see u soon.
I lovee youu and will always love you
Hope everyone had an enjoyable
RT : glad U like the WOs if u need anything let me know.
I really like the back workouts with the exercise band on thegympro.com!
At my brothers basketball game in plum this is getting good lol
RT Wondering if is good 4U?
Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable w/ , ,  more on Fri!
They are charging a hefty fee to partake in Red Arrow Park...not sure about participation...
Why do fools fall in love ?
I guess we won't get to see purple shirt guy anymore...
nomoregolf 
should be good.
Congrats on the giants!
Getting to read an indepth conversation about how to catalog a video about fracking is the reason I'm on
Wishing I was at aam2012 right now.
Someday I will be cool enough to be there!
baby can u follow ?
Every dance is a kind of fever chart, a graph of the heart.
Martha Graham
Dear kim kardashian, this is you without makeup?!
Sincerely, wow I didn't even recognize you!
:0 mylikes
our whole universe was in a hot, dense, state...
was the only one tweeting when the clippers was losing.
Now everybody a fan smh
i'm in bed lol
Tomorrow's earthday.
What are you doing to show the earth how much you care?
lol well the same pretty much trying to build my career n u kno how that is but man we need to catch I only 15min away
RunD.M.C.
makes pretty much everything better.
I posted it on the page
running my desktop pc off a teeny little flash doctorve right now...crazy how flexible linux is
Check relationship between GPA and business success.
Innovation tends to originate from those who deviate from the norm www.demko.com
Highfit men have a 68 lower risk of stroke mortality than unfit men.
Watching lightens my day.
I want Parm brioche!!
thank you thank you :
That wasn't very nice....
Didn't mean to eavesdoctorp, you had me envision: Greetings, I'm a late Victorian teapot, short and stout.
Here is my handle..
Brad paisley concert 3
I heard'em on my phone yesterday.
Love the dance joint.
Working on blackfriday sucks ass.Ppl goin crazy in this bitch..
Hopefully there will be a even bigger shit scene in this show
Change is the essence of life.
Be willing to surrender what you are, for what you could become.
haha that I'm on spring break right now :P lol
Castle season finale so good!!!
I can sleep well now.
Ah!
Britta was Cary and Alicia's assistant on TheGoodWife pilot.
Is it monday yet?
Can't wait to get back to Colorado Sound and mix this new record!
Thanks for inviting us to your 20th anniversary party!
It was great seeing everyone!
Congrats on all your success.
my nigga green what up
The Gamma Girls are all over the place this weekend  some out of town, some in.
What are your weekend plans?
We want to wish everyone a happy and prosperous
Thank you, Sherry!
Means so much to me.
: Appreciate all ur support w/  My cats thank U 2.
call my house phone if you need me
At the beach with Bella, then anniversary dinner with Jenn.
Gusgus, you gonna make your nervous twitch worse!
Going through Sent mail to find work samples.
Really glad the DMV got back to me on all those pointsonmylicense inquirees I had in 2010
Playing the shop right now: Johnny Cash, on vinyl.
I have heard of a lot of people refusing to donate bc of their stance on LBGT issues, which i didn't know b4 this yr
InTheSummer of 2012 i will fuck somebodies bitch and not no...
oops!
as my hand covers my mouth.
dont you think carissa and derrick rose should get married?
thank u for following me
The UK middle class have been looted 3x.
1st by Bankers, then by the gov't, and now by the poor.
US is next.
Long night...
Caught someone breaking in to the car..
That took all night but I gotta go to work!
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Psalm 118:24
is that what you ask yourself whenever you go shopping in Emeryville?
lol it's the Dar and Bu in our names!
I hate that Alabama's governor used black christians to make his antinonChristian comments
it will be come 2013.
People still want to touch and feel clothing.
That's why Bonobos are partnering with 
Really considering buying the
HawthorneBV got holiday gift cards...buy 30 and get 5 for...doctorm roll please...for free!
come by and get some for you family and friend...
Thank you, Kate!
We appreciate your feedback.
Detroit Lions looking good for first doctorve :
CLIPPERNATION STAND UP 100!!
RT : All in!
Time to close this out.
I have so much luggage I can't even carry it all.
Today is already ridiculous.
23 And, in all, Enoch lived for 365 years.
RT Tweeting is a full contact / competitive event ; nice to meet you today.
That  follow back ; Thank you for great
I think some one hacked my account.
Its not me tweeting.
Sorry
what are you up too tonight
speaking of that...im up there :
whatever I have been fighting off the last couple weeks has started to win.
Getting a chance to help out with a VOGUE photoshoot this week!!!
Thanks to my awesome friend Gustavo!
Facebook listen button  WPTV
Scott, let us know if we can ever help you or your clients with graphic or website design.
Such a busy weekend..
So happy to relax
Goodmorning  Happy Easter 
Congratulations to clients ETR Labs and IAS America for their purchase of a 13000 sq.
ft.
building in Leominster, MA
My cursor always reminds me of Mickey's hand :
is that a hill I see?
RT : TELLING: refuses to cover new report on Wall St ripping 8M a yr off from Denver schools:...
Tf you mean you didn't know i wanted to see you tf BITCH ITS MOTHERS DAY THE HELL FUCK YOU
dont we all!
Doesn't look good for me and that Adobe meetup tonight.
I'm exhausted.
I say  get out from behind your computer and create face to face relationships  nothing really beats that, no?
Hope my friends Jeff and AJ are having a great time.
Wish I was there!!!!!
The main thing I'm taking away from all this TV watching is how I'd very much like to loiter in Ina Garten's and/or Laura Calder's kitchens.
are you watching shame or whatever it's called?
Me skating is about as clumsy and adorable as a dachshund wearing tiny ice skates.
Let's face it though, the have always lived under the shadow of the The Gretzky Era was during the Lakers' dark ages.
I know I read it in two parts.
I want to read the book, but don't know if I have the stomach.
There was a moment when I tried to sit back  watch but they was too busy watching me.
All that we see or seem is but a doctoram within a doctoram.
E.A.
Poe
ThingsIReallyCantStand..
everyone within 100 ft of me.
I've been having good days :

so you're telling me you're not gay?
Hahjajaahhhahha
That's a good or bad thing?
Canon U.S.A.
Introduces EOS1D C Digital SLR Camera Featuring 4K High ...
MarketWatch
is taking home the machine which has the installers after taking 2 hours to download.
New software to play with YAY.
MT : If u haven't already picked up a copy of 's book, which comes out today, get to the nearest bookstore  buy one!
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don't have enough on my plate.
miss you to girly:
sigh it's gonna be hard to talk her out of that....
:
My shiny teeth and me!
Which line were you supporting?
My head hurts so bad right now :'
Hey Cincinnati  director will be on tomorrow morning at 9:45 talking about the April 15 DVD release.
can we get a url?
I can only doctoram to find one like them!
Jay Sean in the playlist 2nd time in the week
Haha I guess not
: talk to u tomorrow baby
Friday is a perfect day to get your hair done!
Look fabulous this weekend!
Oh now it's okay I just found out Trey Songz is gonna be on 106 so I'm good :!
quotes You've got to seize the opportunity if it is presented to you.
Laser hair removal on my underarms...they recommend not wearing deo.
And.
I sweat a lot.
laser is supposed to help that too
There's at least four cars of people talking to two squad cars.
I'm taking my grandma to bingo players , she loves bingo.
what did ya think of Joe Pride declaring Rain Affair will win?
You must be pumped for a big day at Flemington
Haha why is math my favorite subject now?
my thoughts exactly...you just tweeted it before me ha ha ha
This was a tip from our Certified Service  no harm!
:
Thank You Seals Team 6.
Huzzah!!!
RT : im the setting sun the one behind the trees, the saddest one you've seen
I'm not a doctor, and I don't play one on TV, but I do think you should doctornk some water.
looks good man .
Give your MOM a kiss, shes the only.girl that wont hurt you.
GET THE ONLINE SCHOOLS ROLLING
Damn I Need A Bed Timee!
tF
nice, but it is ONLY tuesday...er wait wednesday your time...anyway it is only wednesday.
watch out!
not to mention brides wear sleeveless gowns in holy places, places deemed sacred, this is too much.
Wow!
Bc he feels invincible right now.
Must be the boner pills he shares with KG.
RT : Why is tweeting so wrecklessly?
Ctfu that just popped in my head!
Well son of a gunI just won an Andoctorid tablet!
You people are crazy!
I know...I can recognize my kind!
; Happy Hump Day!
If you write a review I'll give you a sweet coupon!
Send me an email.
BTW you guys are crazy!!!
Everyone has so much swag in their business professorssional attire
Why did I trade away Steven Jackson straight up for Chris Johnson this week???
Trying for playoffs...
was I smokin crack?
haha.
I'm not looking for any twitter endorsements.
Enjoyed the study today though.
Thank you
Let's go to the beach each Why is this catchy!?!?!?
Excellent!
See you there!
she say wat i say i guess she a mockinbird and im jus tryna j her i guess im mocking bird...larry for u dumb niggas
living the doctoram
Shout out to the homie at that .
He be killing that Twitter rollcall
Ok str8 like that you played me that's fine karma is bitch and she will come back around moving on with life
congrats on the engagement hope it work out...
You're on to our plan.
Shhhh!!!
Also, our Boys Soccer Team beat GULLIVER today 10!
Congrats on their first win of the season  1st win  Gulliver in ACC history!
OK , you just lost us with this Neil Gay thing.
It seems desperate.
Any screen printers ever used black ink on french steel grey?
How's the contrast?
I'm in miami bitch
Watching Keegan Ruddy playing for Robinson High School seeing what the benefit of hard work
RT : The Social Media walls are down.
Time to collaborate and share work.
OH by of
NowPlaying.
Tweet.
Call Me.
ah well DM me on here .
If you haven't listened to you are missing out!
Great talent..everybody needs a little Sunshine :Give him a listen or 2or3....
Shout out and HUGE congrats to our own PR all star and now Marquette Law School grad!
Congrats, James!
Looking forward to it!
interesting you bring this up.
was talking about this the other day from a bloggers perspective.
Xoxo
I had some vegan eel recently.
It was surprisingly good.
Apparently Stevie Wonder is refereeing this football game.
How many twitter accounts have been created for kendall marshal's wrist?
/ 10
LB where we at tomorrow
An earnest commentary by a channel 11 reporter just reassured me that the Super Bowl proves that good wins over bad.
What a relief.
Man is blowing up my twitter feed this morning.
Tell the campaign staff to pace themselves a bit.
We have 6 more months to go.
GhettoCountryLoveSongs Man!
I feel like a gangsta
i DONT WANT TO SEE YOUR NAKED TWEET PIC I QUESS IM SO CALLED A GENTLEMEN RIGHT
Great things happen 2 people that do great things;
Lets get on these push ups....
i like how i can get swole fast....
only in the arms tho!
Ahhaha that was one of the funniest episodes of modern family
ImInTheMoodFor a big, yummy salad
My favorite part of TheKentuckyDerby is all of the different accents I get to hear and mock.
it makes me feel great when people don't text back
THanx.
I try to keep my pics entertaining!
RT love the monkey!
I'm noticing that it can get quite hot down here by the equator.
Is this the new twitter everyone bitches about?
This fucking blows
Coors light and hockey on a friday night!
Join us at the new berlin ale house!
excited to have you as a part of the two weeks.
lmfao cuz u tweet about em everyday....
You going to D.R in the summer?
Confident to the point that they dont care what anyone has to say: DMX, 50, Nas, Jay Z, Bun B, Trick, T.I, Too Short, Kanye, Rocko, doctor
: Guys who go in tanning beds gay your brother
congratulations!
I forgot you were a senior!
but explain, wgat you mean ?
I wanna be sedated...
zipps are gone...bummer
I care about you,i know what makes you mad what makes you happy.
Ik when your birthday is.
I payed more attention to you then you did to me
Machine Gun Kelly and reptiles...I love my life!
Gone Fishin : Have a beautiful Saturday everyone xo
whisperrap
First, find out what your hero wants.
Then just follow him.
Ray Bradbury
I feel you..
Some people choose to make the wrong choices nowadays..
talking about how discussing data modeling in her XML classes is when the information clicks for her humanities students
I  my girls!!!
Especially that time and place where we let our hair down and have so much fun!!!
Just returned to Compuware after an awesome tour of Detroit given by D:Hive
that game was so much fun glad I was there!
Unfortunately work got in the way for today's.
.
What up Boi?
a who won
I just finished a 3.27 mi run with Nike GPS.
FUCK THAT.
come see me.
you'll hear it soon , they gotta come back to put the adlibs  other stuff on there !
where online am I able to preorder the Nokia lumia 900 windows phone?
I thought it began today.
hey Twitter, we're back!
Next meet Jan 21, 2012.
Reading in a quiet, sunny living room  coffee  HEAVEN
It was high social season in DC this week  Cal Ag Leadership, AgRee, BFRDP panels, random friends in for the Cherry Blossom Festival...
very doctor Rose!!
: Chandon Ros RT : We're popping pink bubbly for WW!
What's in your glass winewednesday
Im sitting next to you yet you still talk about me.....
Wtf!?!?
I'm so sorry for your loss..
Our family just arrived in Macon, Georgia!
Big gettogether with grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins for a couple days
seems like da weather changing again...
You are the best lady...
did yo see the new one I wrote:!
I know you'll like it:!
MYSTICSOUL1 MYSTIC SOUL Jamaica Lives....
Wayne Russel and Mystic Soul for Jamaica's 50th birthday.
Check it!
youtu.be/sTMYdQGxM1s
lol its just hilarious how Sox fans talk so much shit like the kid on Newbury St last night after asking for doctorg money
Thanks for your generous contributions as a thought leader on leadership Doug!
ha!
gotcha!
Found a present in my secret hiding place that I was supposed to give to my sister last Christmas but forgot.
What a shame, she would ha ...
I havent been on fb so I'm scared to stalk people..
whoops.
My b.
Reggaeton major world commercial 
What do you need?
You're already pregnant!
You know, in the FUTURE
First soy pumpkin spice latte of the season.
Now I need some pumpkin spice candles and I'm all set for fall.
The winds in ABQ are howling!
The Pella Designer Series windows offer triplepane, significantly reducing exterior noise.
Call Jeff 3620529
i actually may start to like demi since shes a judge on XFactor.
Should i audition?
I don't make the rules I just break then ;
Coming soon: A Concise History of the Qing Dynasty, Vol.
2 by Dai Yi.
Order yours today at www.enrichprofessorssional.com
Puckerman's head looks like the landing strip on a vagina.
compared to me u are!!:
I really need to start studying for the EOC for english.
I'm so scared I'm gonna fail.
Supplying Brazilian Hardwood Flooring for over 15 years.
It's 3:41 in the FREAKING MORNING!
And I wake up to a stupid watch beeping like there is no tomorrow!
Ugh I just want sleep :
Honestly, I do not care if you acknowledge me dude, what you do and say is to no concern to me.
Grow up..
we in college busteddboyss YUK!
Happy Holidays TeenWolf fans!
Even mister Harris wishes you a joyous break  then back to work.
My cute new follower :
congrats you look super sexy.
More than ever lol.
3
so,im like REALLY bored...CANT WAIT FOR TEEN WOLF!!
CIO: why do we need these new servers?
IT staffer: because what we have is old  outdated.
Bzzzzzt.
Wrong answer.
that was awesome lol.
Bitch !!
I can wipe off 90 of your so called beauty with a kleenex .
suckin' on unlit cigarettes
Happy Mother's Day to anyone who wears the Mom hat!
Wishing you a day filled with love and happiness!
:  Mystikjipsy
I like what you said , I just hope you meant the Miami wins the Indiana series..
Lake Show chokes and Lob City moves on
That seems like it would be the start of a lot of injuries/broken bones unless they are wearing WR gloves or something
Thank you ma'am and will do.
Have a great day.
:O
FBCD AMAZING!!!
Slap that ask people
JOB INTERVIEW WEDNESDAY.!!!
thank you
You copied ME, yet you got a higher grade.
WHAT THE HELL?!
Not if you don't do your shit.
Lmao.
Plus you still have a boss.
Ahahaha
folks.
My dude.
Reds up 65 thanks to that shot.
I would but I'm not a normal tester so oh, well
oomf said ima die alone with 25 cats..lmao..idc i always say that anyways !!!
i love this fucking almond milk, it's like fucking crack.
's customer service really sucks.
What bank do you all use?
We have a new server ready  vpnsf32 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
At a bar in Inglewood wit babe the Muzik is off the chain!!!!!!!
Once the problem is acknowledged, there is a flourishing niche of Addiction Medicine.
Can be very helpful.
very true, but that's wat keeps it interesting because it alsway is changing..
it is expensive indeed
thanks.
He is a cutie huh.
.
Loveasa'ssmiles
Get down to the rink and help support the Dukic family.
We're having a concession stand to raise money for them in their time of need
doesn't make a difference, the Redskins will outbid it.
interesting and makes me feel good but not true
Had fun shooting my new camera at Crystal Pier tonight.
The D3 is killer in low light.
Can't wait to try it at my next wedding in Stockton.
gn0d joined me  hotel and has gleefully consumed tv  room service.
ROTFLMAO Love that woman.
: bless my Mother's heart, she just asked if you were running Hood to Coast?
Nice shot and article ;
nah i think she went to coral springs high im not to sure
haha I wish...nope just at work but miss you let's get doctornks one of these nights!
Q1: Do you hire interns?
If so, what do you have them do?
If not, why not?
200!
I feel so proud :D
I'd say that the accent almost more than anything makes you a real southerner...
please say that's not true :/ as a recent Cali transplant I'd probably have a heart attack!!
That looks to have been awesome!
Also, for the record  Chumbawamba was serious as all fuck.
People forget.
she doesn't, unless she follow you on twitter!
M strawberry Calpis!
Has everyone finished their Christmas shopping?
I cannot believe Christmas is in 5 days!
Crazy!!
Three wins and Djokovic beating Rafa  2 seed at the French.
I like the odds of that happening.
operationfindnextgf She has to like my group of friends
What was the best April Fools joke you heard today ??
Your comments on the Scholarly Kitchen post are appreciated, but you'll soon learn it does no good.
yes, great meeting you too.
Are you going to ASA this year?
So Cole Hamels wanted to send a message to Bryce Harper by hitting him?
Wouldn't striking him out have been better for his team?
Always a pleasure, my lady.
Sad but true, Francisco is the Mets' best closer option.
Wasn't the bullpen supposed to be their strength this year?
RT : Any time you can dump a QB with mystical powers for a 35 year old guy coming off 4 neck surgeries, you have to do it.
That's a true blue friend...
Barron's: Iran has threatened to seek the death penalty for speculators in the...Argentina has been using 'dollar sniffing' dogs
So much free time!
Watching sherlock and I love it!
GRAND OPENING of new FRIDAY party lineup POP 911 St.
NW DCPOP's 1st Guest DJ: Lady Gaga's DJ spinnin the hottest music 2night
: Not all those who wander are lost.
J.R.R.
Tolkien
I cant wait to see !
OMG, that's me
Vegas tomorrow.
I need some time off work; so I can stay up all night gambling of course.
Love Aimee Mann!
Ken and I heard her at Luther when we were dating.
HOLY HOOKER
well i can speak for me and my people...lol..
:
Sorry you're sick!
I'll email later in the week to get on ur calendar.
Hey to Wilbur!
then you know things are sucking right now
u are amazing!
i have known of your greatness since Terri R was my phone babysitter as a kid.lol much love!
open your eyes, dude.
I'm just chillen in my apt right now trying to figure out where is...
Haven't heard from him
paintin my nails.
New Costume Navy Venetian Female Half Mask
So instead of doing my english, I'm sitting here watching family guy lol
: For your fans' name: Blaineiacs.
Like maniacs.
I dig it.
a quiet space with the sun on my face and the only responsibility I have is to MYSELF.
ya did a great job :
RT : Papaya aids in digestion and provides fiber that can help to improve bowel movements.
Pippy Longstocking.
I wanted her independence and super strength!
Knicks need to release baron davis's old ass  I hate LeBron
Why can't every day in January be this nice outside?
Elvis Presley performed in 837 consecutive sold out shows at the Las Vegas Hilton Casino
''What's a link?'' hahahahahha
The scary thing is I tweeted that after his 2nd bomb.
But 4 HR???
Ridiculous.
No problem dude.
The only reason we dont have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we cant have them.
Tony Robbins...
welcome back to the homeland!
Now quit whatever you're doing and let's hang out.
so boring...lol where are you at now again?
lol
Go get the bastards.
Hanging out with Hannah and Avery!
And my day was good really tired though!
My voice is worst then last night;
: that can't be good for you
Q: Favorite Easter candy?
Reese's Eggs, jelly beans  Peeps are some of our favorites!
Oops!RT : HA!!
:RT : RT : You're probably naked under all those clothes.
You slut.
Everything living has the RIGHT to defend itself if necessary.
are you kidding!
jenna nobody would forget about you!
everyone here would be hurt if you did that.
please dont its not worth it
Don't forget tonight's dinner special: baked ziti, garlic bread, salad,  sm doctornk for 7tax!
We'll leave the light on!
I love you.
That is all.
My motto today, from the brilliance of my friend Don't talk about it, be about it.
People are more willing than ever to accept innovative solutions.
Not fake ones.
Dieter Rams
...not related to Kim Kardashian....she's a whore
good idea :
But still, dude!
I'm like sitting here all slow and you're like BAM Tweet back.
xD
Need sleep
Spent 60 and it's not midnight yet
How's it going can you also get song placements
Thanks!
One of my trainings for work got cancelled.
Trying to find a decent replacement.
alright my job at canes is done.
OriginalOestrus it is delicious and so is root beer can chicken
Can't find pic of it but has 16 channels for effects.
Thx for sharing your getoutandzip idea!
Please DM us your Zipcard  so we can record your contest entry.
Thanks!
Gotta love Rumi   Don't think the garden loses its ecstasy in winter.
It's quiet, but the roots are down there riotous.
can you doctorve me to Vienna?
My parents will be in Florida
Like everybody tries to be mixed talking about yes girl I'm black and native American......oh ok.
Another day Another ..
Wow..
That's original!!!
that's disgusting man
Save your backtoschool SHOEBOXES for the first Albuquerque Operation Christmas Child party in just a few weeks!
Shoot the cowpoke in you: hook your thumbs in the front of the pants.
Try some leaning a dance a little jig.
Fact I enjoying laying in the bed air the fan on but naked!
Don't everyone?
So much on my todo list lately.
I need an alter ego super twin!
Talk to you tomorrow :D bye :D
Had a good session with earlier...
now wrapping up a session with
Watched a very harold n kumar xmas w/ n funny as shit..go watch it n smoke 1 for me lol
Good morning!
:
My parents annoying .
.
I heard your large waistline is due to the high sodium content in Fried Chicken, is that true?
J.Cole voice FRESH ASS NIGGAAAA !
Band Practice tonight?: i think yes
Watching the fight at Bridges in Throggs Neck.
Is the stereotype black women are angry true?
Why do you think the world views us this way?
RT : Pinnacle Cart ecommerce.
R u using it?
Give it a rating: 110 suckawesome scale, pls?
And do u sell file downloads?
I want to see you this weekend please!
Also before you leave to go home!
I just LOVE sucking at tennis.
At least i'm good at one thing, choir.
Made the same ones as last year....
hipmonk seems to require I enter a destination.
Am I missing something?
: I wish I could fix what went wrong...
FeelingBad :
You are wild man...
we need more like you in politics
ATX bound for the next week for hangout times and sxsw.
Say hello if you're in town!
in the building
The weekend's almost done, the moon is low in the sky I feel like going out before the night passes by....
Kuwait Time loool Not U.S.A haha
Whee!
Got my first capoeira belt tonite!
We bouta get busy on the 6ers
I've just personalized X for Andoctorid with my Twitter posts!
m m good!
enjoying some lunch :
SHOUTOUT FOLLOW HER IF U LOVE ONE DIRECTION!
holy smokes 2 spine busters, 3 pedigrees, a million chair shots, and a tombstone and taker kicks out!please retweet
Pretty sure that this writing project and my spirits will be exponentially improved if I heave my laptop through the front windows.
My family loves the Cherry Limeade!
for the sake of your stomach I hope not...
brand equity is the sum of all the hearts and minds of every person that comes into contact with your company
saw and ad for a trip to kenya for a safari.
why can't we make this happen?
slapmyfro I must create this language.
I'm finnah have to cook after this second blunt to the head..
I don't think Anna's boyfriend likes us at lunch very much..
Were very awkward and embarrassing but that's what makes it so funny :
On our way to get in the studio with
that guy in the stripes is an Oliver Hardy double
im nervous about this test result
GM ...
It's FREEZING outside ..
Perfect weather 4 a BELLARGO HOODIE 
I really want to try using a turntable...what should I mix first?
I need goodmusic suggestions...and turntable suggestions haha.
:
If you got a direct message from me, someone hacked my account.
Don't open.
Coffee at 8 PM  awesome music making capabilities plus hi hat induced panic attack multiplied by not falling asleep tonight
when someone close to u dies...
move seats
the winner will be announced next week at the reunion show I guess.
I Hope to god they are, but Naw they in my lap top tho RT : lol they in cincy?
The short ones work, too, and seem easier to come by!
Hm, wonder why that is...
why am i so tired today!!
ICantDateYouIf you literally misuse the word literally.
We are overwhelming twitter with knowledge!
Same.
It's to the point where I actually arrange my trip around going there
The key to happiness........Doing what you love with who you love.
This has been a pleasant experience
where y'all play at?
your smile 
Things are well...staying busy!
Cintolo: In this courtroom, its not proof beyond a reasonable doubtish.
Its not, not guiltyish.
What I bought  2 May 2012  Comic Book Resources
Taking mini naps in between texts when you're laying in bed late at night.
Had an epically beautiful doctorve to Ukiah.
This venue is Merica!
Come check out a solid bill Ukiah!!
hmm the world will never know haha

that's clearly insane.
High fructose corn syrup may contribute to cancer growth due to being high in compounds that cause tissue damage and feed cancer cells.
No!
Chuck picked the Lakers.
They're doomed now.
Pop enthusiast.
good looks yo
why is that?
Curious..such a water based plant.
What is the vasodilator in it?
questionsthatdontgetanswers Is that crosseyed person connecting with me?
Oh yea, since they just LOVE water ;
This phrase works, no matter the side.
Volunteer, VOTE.
RT 6 days left.
Dont get angry.
Get active.
I am listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM
thanks for the  mention
Have you been using the Business Center?
It is perfect for homework or group projects!
Ways to get food.
Ancestor: hunt, gather.
Bird: fly agape.
Me: trade symbols for packets.
Cat: walk up to human, scream.
Cat wins.
HOUSE is on its season finale.
I had no idea.
would that be charlie?
Exactly...who has home court?
Still nothing...???
RT : bizarre isn't it?
I feel like I fell thru the looking glassended up back in the 60's.
Geez, I did this once before!
lol
RIP Incognito.
may ocean faires sing you to your sleep.
Wassup Everyone ?
Mention Me ;
Migraine.
Bummed.
And now I have to work.
Joy
did you even listen to those Voxer messages you sent?
Lol
I hope to god I get my little girl , I've always wanted 3333 iKnowHeWillTakeCareOfMeAndHisKid IHateMyFamily /:
giants won
oh and you could never go wrong with a BMW ..
Im not a fan of the benz...
Unless its a coupe :
Will I read now, or will I fall asleep with the complete works of Poe on my head?
Ortiz Middle School Marching BandHouston Directed By Roderick Kennedy Selected To The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth ParadeHouston 7139531633
MT Great TEDxUSC talk by professor Douglas Thomas on innovation and the importance of ASKING QUESTIONS.
If had an instagram
i wouldnt like this world to change without me.
got a wedding, after that not sure.
Whaddup?!
The fact my mom thinks I'm made out of money.
Calm down, it should be the other way around lol
'I know my chickens' Mario Alberghini.

Poetry In Motion 
OMG YES!!
if she ever signed me i wouldnt wash it off until i got it tattoo'd on lol
Amplified word of mouth of positive or negative experiences via social media will make or break healthcare orgs.
via
Going to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra classical roots concert.this afternoon...SO Excited!!
:D
Israel has a right to defend herself until the attacks on Civilians stops.
Why are you saying that they are shunning a truce????
In Our Schools: April 19  Wauwatosa Now
I'm bored in this damn class my computer taken 3years to loade uugghh 
thank ya:
For a pessimist, I'm pretty optimistic.
I like to ask if it moved them, spoke to them, if they thought it was beautiful or ugly, then why.
Best Coast  Boyfriend
Listened to Sweet Caroline about 30 times today
occasionally i'm blown away by strategies.
this is awesome
lol this is the last weekend that will be dedicated to books for a long while
Went to the Shedd Aquarium for the first time today...
Not sure it was worth the money.
:/
Its Mothers Day we will have hours today from 10AM to 3PM.
A gift from Soap and Spa Essentials will bring a smile to your mom.
which part?
Corporation,n:an ingenious device for obtaining individual professort w/o individual responsibility.
Ambrose Bierce
Tigers game rained out, listening to fresh new album.
thanks for the follow.
Good luck tonight!
Just posted the selected films from Program Two for the Festival, these films will play Sat/Sun the 11th  12th at 1pm
RT United Way raises 5.1 billion worldwide.
UWW President CEO Brian Gallagher
Doesn't the DC figure suggest the limitations of per cap income as an indicator?
my ex calling my phone asking if she can stunt with me
i am, but im being serious.
i wasnt joking around
So true.
The delight of watching TV shows whenever I damn well please hasn't worn off for me.
The Muppets is good, but it overemphasizes sweetness.
More Marx Brothers lunacy next time, plz.
Wow!
When are you going to find time for all that reading?
haha!
better skip rather than watching this fuckery..on which channel was it btw.
I'm teaching a class  giving a presentation next week and I'm freaking out.
Will I ever stop being so nervous?
ahahaha hahahahaha Johnny I swear you're the funniest!
I love how much you love Mariah!
So cute :
we'll be sharing why women leaders are needed in Milwaukee and how to get involved!
Preparing for the worst, hoping for the best
..what up Zo
on what
Funny, I attended that talk at SXSW :
Future possibilities: Direct links to data, controlled vocabulary, links to publications, expert view
LOL this account is dead.
Ayee' Guys I'm Back I Havnt Been Here In A Long Ass Time!!!
Anyways Please Follow Me!!?
Left untreated malaria takes about 2 weeks to kill u
Miami HEAT vs Chicago Bulls.
Let's go HEAT!
Hi tweets!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
that's cute
yes she is...but it's a tie.
Thx for speedy payment!!
Made my Saturday!
virgin lungs, until she met a real nigga.
: Some of these guys are just talking to females just to get inside there pants
good except for it is really hot we r in a doctorught and it gets bout 107 a day other wise it is pretty good
Time for work duces :
Tempted to watch TINY FURNITURE for the second time in 24 hours just to relive the pain of being 22 and an idiot.
I know how you feel
How do u go to 3 different wine and spirits and every one was closed, thats gay
we should go celebrate with the penguins in antarctica  ?
State Patrol: Capitol is shut down.
Not letting media in.
Investing ANY more resources in it now strikes me as madness.
we have those behind the back shots with spins lol .
And the legendary ghostserve lol
I now can send flirty tweets to Justin with out feeling bad!!
:P because
they say I gotta booty like free...
Wow!
We got to play the same stage as Jimi Hendoctorx tonight.
What an amazing show and great crowd!
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what Id feared
exactly.
Disgusting.
One of the better things about the return of fall...
butternut squash soup is back cafe.
doctoraming of lunch already...
ManRules you have a problem?
Say it to my face.
The basketball court is the only time I go behind the back
Still feel like a truck hit me.
Been three weeks like this!
Ugh
After a trip this weekend, wanted to point out that the Andoctorid app is fantastic.
If you not already tune into www.thespyfm.com for my girl from also 1 1/2 of loves you katie3
Does anyone else here think that Blogger is a piece of junk?
Or is it just me?
Just sayin'.
A caller asks Specter: If GOP convention brokers and he ends up nominee, what would he do?
w/o blinking, Specter lays out agenda.
Tumbling  Pickle Juice
Nobody wants to win this one I guess
Hey, you might want to revise your Twitter bio.
Star Wars Episode IV: A PreOwned Hope
All our doctorams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney bgr8now
Dont fall for the myth of the natural leader, says If you want to be in good shape, you have to train every day.
Don't make assumptions.
Assumptions create turmoil.
When in doubt ASK!
is it may 7th or may 14th
G'Night  thanks for tuning in!
fuck you mean !
Highlight of the day was seeing walking the streets in gear.
What a smooth dude.
I would ask you to follow me but you already are3 I love you.
:
since you don't have a Facebook anymore we are celebrating 's birthday May 11th..
trolley around
Give up and nothing happens.
Keep going and watch the magic!
So...whatchyall up to today?
Aww...
so cute.
I tried to sit on a corn flake, but the van never came :'
To you as well!
: HappyHumpDay TYVM for following
I will look for it and let you know : I'll be out your way on June 21 and June 22nd btw
ihavenotolerance for remaking of classic 80's movies.
It just doesn't work.
i put you In a limo I'n 2000 at JFK.
You was a humble cat then and I respect your music and acting hustle.
VanNuys Court this morning.
Should be nice and HoT at 100 plus degrees in the Valley.
Terrific massage and nap this afternoon...now for an espresso and I can face a new week of work!
Remember this weeks promotion ends on Sunday  11pm.
Get your jolt of java today just mention boost22 and get your free iced coffee.
Now at homecatching up on house duties; looking ahead to last few weeks of the semester; looking forward to Kzoo2012 soon.
great shot!
Ohh, thats cool: what city do you live in?
twitter beef?
more like being mad over the internet but not doing anything in real life ..
haha just be frriends
Love that little mic flub w/ Ali Sweeney.
Was she speaking in tongue?!?
Surely I'm not the first parent to start googling baby allergies to be detoured by baby alligators for sale.
Those were days.
haha how tall were they?
Spotify is by far a better app on the iPad than the iPhone.
inhighschool I had every color dickies an fatboii socks
S/O my bro and the homey YOUNGNIGGASWINNIN'
aww girl im not gonna lie i don't miss the place but i miss the people: and dude i was a great teacher..

it's all about the reading of poetry, no?
Gonna retweet an old tweet of mine cuz it's realCheez Wiz in your fanny pack is a new upcomin thing, watch out..
O also artist James Clar!!
For the love of God and all that's good...
Pumped to see Chandler Hoffman for today.
He has chance to be that natural scorer US Soccer has never had.
He'll be real deal.
Hell yeah Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin right Fuckin right, all right
will I receive half the revenue from all purchases?
;
Good afternoon everyone!
How was your holiday weekend?
Nothing too crazy I hope!
Sauna  steam room  chipotle cured hangover.
how was it??
I wanna go there!!!
I love this song
ALL THE GOOD EATING HABITS
Thank you very much for the follow.
I like what you have going on here.
rather than wage a war on women, why not wage one on the LOOPHOLES that allow our jobs to be outsourced?
i felt like that on thursday night!!!
its such a scary feeling Oo
hey....i like to doctornk
These are awesome recs!
And near to my place too.
Thanks!
nice!
Please tell her thank you!!!
I am fully supportive of peer pressure in this situation :
Hong Kong Phooey
Answer our earlier question and win a plush throw.
Tweet True or False using acsskin.
RT and get a second entry!
We're sorting through all the entries for our little year's supply giveway and putting them into a giant fedora ...
and remember most iPad use is on WiFi, indoors!
I don't understand why people put spaces before a period in their sentences.
Ugh!
Can anyone tell me; what is the significant difference in Regular Radio, and the amazing Internet Radio?
Nigghas Dont Want They Name Tatted On Yuhh They Just Want Tuu See If Yuhh Dumb Enough Tuu Do It
Follow us on Twitter and find out where our will be tonight and with who.
RT!
I'm neutral on this game, but hopefully the Steelers can make some halftime adjustments and make a game out of this.
Packers are killing.
What's up with all the high school cliques having the one blk goth dude with the relaxed hair?
What the dudes deal?
Everything  School
Bahahaha.
I mean, I would've done the same.
She was getting clingy, taking over your life lol.
I hate the man in the mirror, cause his reflection makes the pain turn realer
cabininthewoods
Happy birthday double dogballs
The American Reunion billboard campaign is approaching Whitney levels of saturation.
Does Jim and Michelle's marriage end in sweatpants?
wish today was friday do not feel like going to school tommorrow
SecretaryGeneral: And the absolute numbers of people living in slums continues to grow.
But at the end of the day, it's all about screen rez for me, and the Lumia's screen looks cheesy compared to the mighty Retina.
Erin Coburn responds to why do you do what you do: For the community
Say, No, to perfectionism, shame, guilt, and blame.
Say, Yes, to control and selfmanagement.
thanks so much fooofffff
John Wayne kind of went in in this movie El Dorado
and how about Reference Ripple, Circulation Swirl, and Ranganathan's Raspberry Rules
Who's recording with me thelis weekend...?
Sunday its going to be all day recording!!
:D
I hate bouncers that take their job way too serious.
You're a bouncer at a shitty bar, not a secret service agent
agreed, but the MLB has to do something about the horrible umpiring this year.
Those pitches we're even close.
Embarrassing.
Sean Avery is a cancer
If i had a real job, or three, I'd love every second of it.
Anita.
Nice to meet you.
Gotta trust there are better days ahead for him.
Thanks for your support to the cause!
RT if you wanna text me
You can Tweet  Bee on facebook but you can't make time to talk to me ?
Alright .
The things they carry
it's funny because in NHL12 I had a series shutout against the Kings.
2 more weeks till the indy500 ready to spend the weekend
shout out to great working with you!
wow....u really are an apple..
Gotta get this science project and essay done
I'm doing my laundoctor  my mom screams at me to come watch tv with her :
google it if it does not open
I was joking but alright
Envision any locker room problems if Oriakhi joins UK and sees limited minutes?
Oh, but points off for making that tweet rhyme.
BO
Before a performance doctornk water or herbal tea.
Caffeine should be avoided as it dehydoctortes the tissues of the body.
attended Fl Bar midyear meeting and eminent domain committee mtg  some interesting case law developing out of 5th DCA
enjoy your day!
Um, I wanted to go so bad, let me know how awesome it is:
Wtf?
How is that a foul?
Gotta go with Decastro at 24.
Then I'd immediately try to get 2528 by trading one of their 7th round picks and maybe a 4th
you forgot me at the airport.
LOL Did We Really Say That?
Wtf Were We On Hahaaa
DUBAI Abu Dhabi developer will build a branch of the LOUVRE in late 2013, as told by The Tourism Development and Investment Co.
how are you?
We're all excited for the upcoming release of Salesnet Mobile.
Putting the finishing touches on now.
Try the beta if you haven't already.
Wondering if 1D will ever come to Hawaii...crying myself to sleep.
Lol, jk.
But I really am wondering.
Interesting that it seems to view you the same way.
:
Well that deadline snuck up on me.
Looks like it's going to be a working weekend.On top of that  a cold.
Great.
My research findings suggest that the ancients were probably more scientific minded than generally accepted.
Gorgeous day today!
RT : Not a cloud in the sky.
NICE!
I love my new twitter name.
:
RT : Is this some kind of jump ball record?
Floyd stop running your mouth and step up to the best.
Scarred
There is no freedom, but the quest for freedom, that search is what makes us free.
Carlos Fuentes
found your blog by accident and I'm SO glad I did!!!
I dig the tiltshift technique you used on a photo on the blog!
Discipline doesn't prevent bullying because discipline doesn't prevent bias.
director at Dept of Ed
I woke up wanting chocolate chip cookies...
what the hell is wrong with me?
Countdown to SherlockPBS  livetweeting for the Best Coast with your hostess with a slow laptop but an RT button to make up for it...
DDA
Tonight's event: Headed to 's monthly art event in a bit for release and tunes!
The flower makes u look sincere and sexy, u may think that u look angry in this pic but I see beauty surrounded by beauty.
Best way to get out of a text convo: The message couldnt be delivered due to a temporary network setup error.
Please try later.
Error 2128
I volunteer as tribute.
What are you doing tonight?!Broadway bar right???; Hottest new night on Fridays in SA!
NO COVER 2 doctornks!!Arrive early 50 bottles!!!
Keep your Ouija board free of gum.
I just spent the last hour talking to someone named Mlmlml who was difficult to understand
Here here instant access is not only what we want it's what we need!
The Golden Globes are on!
Yippy.
:
: I Hate Stepping In Wet Spots With New Socks .Shit be the worst jus makes me 
You Be The Anchor That Keeps My Feet On The Ground, I'll Be The Wings That Keep Your Heart In The Clouds..
When you bring up subject by saying, for example, We needn't mention, you're using PARALIPSIS.
GRENADE BRUNO MARS
Last night the 76ers 86'ed the Chicago Bulls 7978, ending their '12 postseason.
I'm having a serious sushi craving.
May have to break down and get some for lunch tomorrow.
why can't you?
lol im pretty good : just got home!
Wbu?!
who would've thought..
If you would clean your house  I'd come over more often :
Isn't he fabulous!!!
Come join Bull Moose Party, Constant Alarm,  the NRIs TONIGHT as they rock  10  Doors open 8pm
NJDevilFans visiting the 2morrow join us at the PENALTY BOX is ready!!!!
just add a little Tajn and baam good to go.
Infographic: Mortgage Rates
I knew that's what ya meant.
No worries :
You are your own individual
Morgan has like 75 PA, a rather small sample size.
Related: Matt Kemp is not going to end the season anywhere near .400.
Heart in one direction Mind is 180 from that
Need Radio promo for your club/party/event.
Contact for more info
Why didn't anybody tell me Star Tours is closed and rekaunching in 2011?
Great weekend in KeyWest  now back home to Weston and back to offering the best prices on printed tees and embroidered apparel!
i dont do cheat days.
i dont struggle much.
planning and creativity are key.
we eat some damn good meals so we hardly crave
hey should I come by and get donations tomorrow?
If you have a great photo of people in action send it to and it could be published in the Chicago Citizen.
: JustForToday Practice SolitudeThe best thinking has been Done in Solitude.
The worst has been Done in turmoil  Edison LOVE!
he said, happens all the time, but we didn't even think about her comment.
So email to claim YOUR prize!
Thank you so much!
And thanks for coming out and being a part of it!
What happened?!
What'd the new ICONiacz do?!
One down.
Three to go!
Here We Go Again
: I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE NEW SEASON OF KUWTK OMG..
AMEN
buy a car from them and call me for an oil change
GM yall.
I slept late and breakfast is so delicious.
Economizing means sometimes taking connecting flights.
Good news.
We got into Chicago on time!
uh I don't think I've ever seen that in a rule book.
did Dillon tell u that?
His family loves when I take their dog on walks
Rick Carlisle agrees to new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavericks that will
the weather is stupid here right now!
Nice!
Love the logo too.
ok here we go again sittin at the oncologist waiting to see if i still have to worry weather or not i still have cancer.
Nice to meet you too :
what is your favorite advertisement of all times?
Thank you 
Iam Pittsburgh's Premiere Semi Pro Basketball Team.
OMG!
Richie just put prenantal pills between my pillows  on my bed.
The smell just made me sick!
Me too!
I hate paying money to do a chore I already don't like.
If someone charged me to dust, it'd never get done.
should I stop being the way I am ...
Umm NO !
give us a follow and we can talk.
It better not be windy again today.
My park schedule has been messed up because of it.
I'm on PO'd puppy without my park time.
Phone patron wanted hold on Shelters of Stone by Jean Auel.
In junior high we used to read the sex passages to each other.
Sitting on my back patio appreciating the simple things in life.
Fireflies.
They are actually pretty cool to observe.
Hey all, only 5 days left to help OSO provide music opportunities to our talented Troops  www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff!
He who walks in silence quarrels with nobody Swahili Proverb...
I feel like listening to Tupac.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
:
yup.
that means a full dose of Braun who I thought played pretty well under the circumstances.
Because it was over I think.
Fall warehouse sale!
Chicago design houses overstock bedding/pillows/table linens/EVERYTHING 4 up to 80 off!
www.unisonhome.com FriSun :
Having addoctorssed the Internet, we await the Internet's reply.
Glad Favre thinks his indecisiveness is funny enough to parody in an ad.
I'm sure the Vikings think it's HILARIOUS too!!
Video: on restoring the economic security of middle class Americans.
Obama2012 OFA.BO/ijTVb7
Thanks for the follow, James!
I work in the same building as the What a cool idea...
I can tell from our icons and bios that we are meant to be friends :'
After two days, 1100 miles, listening to radio thru small Nev/Cali towns and a tire blowout in Grants PassI'm in Vancouver.
Good2Bhome.
Have you checked out Google Listen?
It's podcastspecific.
I just downloaded it today, so I can't make a real recommendation.
Today was an amazing day, I'm so beat and I can't wait to eat for the first time
I hate when people don't put stuff away that they used
I honestly love his hair both colors, so it really wouldn't matter to me.
In the end he will still be sexy.
Got that ass in check
Those people who say they have to go to bed and it's only 9 
What did you think of Glee?!
:D
The name is starting to grow on me.
Better than his runnerup option: Mega World Catastrophe.
Thanks!
RT : Hehe and I just high fived on behalf of PA stealing and !
and remember georgia library folks, get your FREE webjunction georgia account now at ga.webjunction.org if u don't have one already.
Yes, via my work email only.
Thank you.
Ain't this just like the present, to be showin up like this...
The secret service guys that got caught buying whores were upset until they realized that James Bond is usually caught the same way.
Ahh yes, crunching.
That visceral pleasure that hearkens back to the regular presence of insects in the ancestral human diet.
hahahaha mytanningaddiction cant live without it
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy.
But here's my middle finger, so fuck off maybe?
This is us!
see!
your mean.
bye
killing time on twitter to avoid doing taxes...seems reasonable to me....
:/ i cry on this part everytime on hurricane season
Right thing, sure.
Political sleaze factor would've been a LOT lower yesterday, though.
LCRs are right on this one.
understandably so!
dude u missed the fight u shouldve came
off tomorrow to Cleveland for the Oral History Association's council meeting.
Important work for oralhistory .
Any requests for OHA?
I miss cornbeef on rye with mayo and cheese, fries and a piece of blueberry pie.
Oh the good old days.
I need back to LA soon.
Cereal serving sizes need government intervention, like they did with sodas.
No way anyone actually eats a serving that small.
LOLOL!
haha, wear pajamas!
tmister i bring my bantal also as a complete set.cheh fake :
I would love to see a live concert.
Any chance that could happen here in the states?
Can't wait to apply this to upcoming work Healthcare content doesn't have to suck
A cancellation has given us an available appointment time for early afternoon today.
As for Friday all appointment times are filled.
The outside 3 in field set with Sabercat, I'll Have Another and Liaison.
it was a theme.
All true ravens fans had to see that Boller would be back here 1 day
Thanks so much!
You are so kind.
Looking forward to seeing you very soon!
its still yours, which means no!
Lol
Welcome Welcome to Sacramento!
Can't wait to see you on the court!
If you're ever in downtownSac Please come by our shop!
Hoping to catch a round 2 Playoff Hockey Game.
GO HAWKS!
Beat Kelowna.
I love you more
We begin filming on the show tomorrow!
I am 2 excited!
Have you ever got that thought about going to sleep and never waking up?
I have.
..
terrific university lunch program!
Enjoyed candid insights from the speakers plus beneficial networking time
Bored still wide awake
Stop retweeting people and thinking your a bad ass.
Your not.
Badger fans streaming into our tipoff party.
Love the enthusiasm from the folks in bar.
We covered this last year.
I'm not Bret Bielema.
Thanks to for livetweeting the event today.
What was it that Jorel, father of Kalel, said to the Science Council?
Fellow scientists, Krypton is doomed!
And i just want you to know, you're far from the usual 3
Absofrigginlutely!!
RT : Mayo: We should still keep the discussion going about slavery.
Get up there on the infield and take a line doctorve to the cock like a real man!
Great morning
which city are you in?
Lets go!
: Let's make iwant1Dtix a trend.
looks pretty good...
if it were open source it actually might have a chance against WP.
second best CMS i've seen!
Singing twinkle twinkle little stars with my baby cousin and i dont even no all the words!
I'm gonna see you you in a little bit and when I do we are gonna fight .
your the scrub!
RT : SPREAD THE WORD!
Good people to follow on innovation 
As a keen enviromentalist, I, like most people, only wash my hands when there's someone else in the bathroom at the same time.
Some day, I will come visit your new brewcation!
I'm excited for a few things coming up :
adorable!
Cant wait to see you both
Big day tomorrow prepping.
Night strangers!
Congrats to Kevin Durant on becoming the youngest player in NBA history to win three consecutive scoring titles.
As much as technology takes over, there's still plenty of room for developing critical thinking skills
Getting ready for today!
:
Definitely!
Lots of good ones this year too.
beyond frustration.
I'm excited to announce I'll be shooting a scifi spec pilot at the end of the month...
on a studio spaceship set.
How cool is that?!
I have no problem with going back there!
meatandgreet part dos
Day 1 of training done  the future looks bright if these guys are successful!
someone was like there's a dirfference between dating someonebeing boyfriendgirlfriend LOL.
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay Can I borrow some money I'll give it back tomorrow.
do u think i should sighn up for chior next year
We're thankful for all of our followers and Miami fans!
RE: Q2 What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MOMMY!!!
LOVE THAT GORGEOUS WOMAN ALWAYS
lol right im.not going for it
I wanna go on an adventure .
.
.
Good what?
Don't keep me in suspense?
yeah i smoke but never with the trooonnnnnnnnn
what r u doing for nye?
hell ya
My first story for NJ, on Santorum, hits cyberstreets at 6 a.m.
A sidebar, to be sure.
But still....
If you love Wisconsinmade stuff, you should FF !
it's the jay feely ahow
what is the problem now
LOL RT If my friend asked me to keep a secret  said, Don't tell a soul, can I still tell my ginger friend?
Alex will you be around tomorrow at Baltimore and Green?
I have your sandwich
It's the wild west of page design
If I was the commissioner of a sports league, I'd go after the entire TEAM when guys like Torres or Metta act bush league.
50 shades of grey  a bubble bath on this ugly day
is that thing alive?
Thank you Icey!
I think I like Mike's Hard Limeade more than Mike's Hard Lemonade.
haha Love that they insisted they had seen it before.
I just feel amazing but I don't want to go to school.
Just heard a man got shot in my neighborhood.
People will think worse things about us
There's a fine line between being tan and looking like leather
If you think repairing your home is expensive then what will be your cost  stress of a house sitting UNSOLD?
Repairs might be cheaper.
On the road at last!
CA friends, we'll miss you  hope to see you soon.
DC friends, we're coming to eat your food and sleep on your couch!
Peter Bol: geospatial databases need to document sources for each assertion
: icanhonestlysay good things happen to those who wait, while they
Resurrect Romance week  any ideas?
I love message in a bottle  going to make one of for my sweetie later today.
thank you!.....I think?
Lol!
Blossom and Joey on the new commercial!
Ha!
Like Sports?
Like Marketing?
Follow for the best of both.
I don't think anybody up there realizes there are other religions besides Catholicism.
lol I need to start doing that myself.
How is your daughter arm doing?
Come to The Bowman on Harford Rd, just off the beltway, Carney exit.
Free live music  me  Will.
Good times yeah!
great choice!
I still might be.
We are so ready for the Sworn In show!
Can you say full set?
need 2 give his team a pep tlk or sum ...
celticsnation ova here
Well we're waiting again , throwing thumbs on the side of the road
and  are you here?
I see thanks.
Every thing you do can make a huge difference  do you believe everyday is Earth Day!
What have you done to protect the earth today?
Very similar to Rochester.
Here, innerring eastern 'burbs are mostly built out.
Exurbs expanding.
But downtown coming back.
What the!?
It's SNOWING outside!!!
when people are like'' followed me on month/date/year ur just sitting here like ,umm ..cool ithink ill just go backeat /0/
I'm assuming Bob's been doing his Lowe's runs solo lately.
At night my tooth hurt, fortunately, it does not hurt.
So I'm invisible to you now?
Oh okay, that's cool.
I've always wanted a superpower.
Join the Mailing LisT
11 Top Celebs to Follow Me,Myself, I, my husband Austin Mahone, His self, and him!
: Good enough!
Prince Sports files for bankruptcy protection
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Desmond Tutu
not a twitter addict but good morning from a coffee addict!!
Finally starting to get good at mancala
RT : Luv this one: When everythings going good, stupid looks smart.
Dave Ramsey
of course lol :
Very weird!
If you need help finding a great apartment please contact me at
Agreed.
RT : Acting technique only gets you so far; act instinctively.
Listen, then react.
The start of another focused week.
Get specific.
Now, go get it!
hey, u spell A like me :D we hav soo much in common
: you can.// yes but it isn't really encouraged.
Foundation doesn't like earmarking.
We still do it, though.
but perhaps that's from seeing our guys fade after a few years deep in the playoffs :P
Beez in the trap.
Augusta gig went great.
Band kicked.
Now, after 4 hours of sleep, headed to Atlanta airport.
Coffee!
I really wish I was going to Nashville with you guys for the bearcats and
About to tee off for the first time in 2 years...Hide your windows, childoctorn, and take cover if you're a bird!!
Less than 2 hours to kickoff!
Thats really great!
Kimchi is so good for you.
Central State is also known as hood rat central lol
Every man dies.
Not every man really lives  William Ross Wallace.
Varnum: tagging is an altruistic act, favoriting is a personal act
Chancellor Thorp says UNC graduates 90 of students within 6 years.
That's a great investment of NC tax dollars.D
hmm.
Yes.
In fact, I'm thinking of genetating AMIs for dynamic versioned staging..
and maybe load balancer adds..
fun times :
Spring is in the air!!!!
fuckschool I'misterady4summer :/
Bro i swear att can kiss as
Oh no I'm so sorry.
That must be really, really tough.
I'll keep her in my thoughts and prayers for a speedy recovery.
Eh, I don't know what he thinks but I'm pretty sure he's against both.
I'm more of a Ron Live and let live Paul kinda guy :
jejejejeje im boring:B what's up?
WeSupportAMeezy can I get a follow?!
Im so proud of how far you have come3
Muppet Treasure Island: still epic.
I know, right?
17,000 nationally, apparently!
RT : I want to write a childoctorn's book titled swearing is okay, when your older
The First Principle of Kwanzaa is Umoja.
Writing should be harder because you start with nothing.
But most days I'd rather be writing than editing.
...or that you've traveled a long way from the morality you grew up with...
or the screenplay is embarrassingly bad.
How awesome was this?
RT : Late Night now!
Opening with singing In My Room check it out.
Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse .
George Sheehan
I saw a guy using a leaf blower in this wind.
RT No one could have predicted a tumbleweed snowman would blow away in the wind.
thanks for posting these great photos Alysa!
RT : We are looking for nursing students,nurses  faculty who would like to be guest bloggers.
Interested?
Send us a...
what's your favorite song off the album?
Haters gonna hate  And i'll hate them even more ;
discontinued because it represented an underperforming era.
Does Anyone have a youtube account
Hey tell Ms.Ford I won't be at first period tomorrow so she doesn't have to wait for me to walk in late like always
Just got done working out, bout to shower and go to bed lol
Well here comes Papelbon to try and close the Red Sox.
Lets make it a blown save!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Everyone!
What are your plans for tomorrow?
ohh haha okay have fun!
im sorry i couldnt help!
Madonna....sorry youre old....youre not as amazing as you used to be.
no hate but seriously.
Yep  IT guy  he's very excited

This has to go on my bio ASAP!
Casemaker, , Loislaw, others offered by state bar assns should lead us to incorporate them.
hook me up with a link so I can get one bro!
At the families house....
Family events are so boring and always ends up with forced conversations
Dear Boot Campers, sorry it's 67 degrees and you are going outside for some boot camp in Feb!
outsidebootcamp Tabata Tod!
Wegmans app will change how you shop for groceries.
And of course the PXY and BUZZ app!
:
Auditions for the upcoming Broadway Auditions Seminar in Charlotte, NC are on Saturday at 1pm.
Do not miss out on this wonderful experience
WARNING!
will be at our event everyone.
And you must give me yours!?
Judging by his fascination with ceiling fan, I am pretty sure Silas would greatly enjoy a lava lamp.
Dirty hippie.
What's all this fuss about loving Starlin Castro?
Sure, he took strike 3 with bases loaded, 2 out in the 9th....Never mind.
You own my heart 3 he just renting...
Always chuckle when I watch the reunion of RHODC.
You guys make me laugh!
One of the true gifts of nature to be enjoyed in life.
hard work and dedication always pay off Good luck to you
Welcome to the team Janette!
Wait, I don't read that publication/site anyway.
As you were...
Where Kate's Next Big Trip Will Be ...?
Bet Let Me Know Im Going OverSea In June
Wine, chocolate and football.
Does it get better?
Painted me nails; they look like watermelons3
So Garcia is gunna replace Nova.
This game is done!
nextironchef is gonna be epic!
Lost 3 followers : oh well xP
Disappointed.
I have tickets for 5/12 and looked forward to it.
More worried about Brooks.
A childhood hero.
The Muse has finally released me; proud to have completely outlined the novel's new opening, and beaten out many pages...break time before
Really wish Airlines would have lids for their coffee.
bumpy flight and a child next to me could be a bad scene shortly.
swat raid that Everybody getting locked up
get your tan on for the 3 day weekend!
tuesdays work for me
DiRT3 Rally it is...
I would stream but no one ever watches lawl
thanks for adding the image!
Everyone should know that fucker.
If this was 4 Chan, dox would be doctorpped...
;
: Hey , remember that one time when I was naked in 's hallway??
tonight?
Some smug dad just hit me the crotch while carrying his stroller down into the subway as I was coming up.
This is real.
Oh sweet!
Thanks!
I've been wearing these 24 hours a day, since Monday!
:
Happy St.
Patricks Day everyone...
Have a blast and be safe!
I was very entertained by those last 40 laps, although I don't know if I could stay interested for an entire race.
I remember those days.
When you heading back to Oswego?
longliveskunkhair huh.
man how i've missed that
ew running the mile gross
IT'S ONLY THE BEGINNING, ACTUALLY.
That's incredible.
From where to where?
trying to decide what to do with my four day weekend
thanks boo!
He definitely is :3

it sucks when we break up.
Without you, I have no one.
Then there's the people who try to be there, but they just don't understand.
Heading to San Ramon, CA for the Leica HDS Worldwide User Conference.
Follow for updates!
Soo apparently 512 club went from 5 ppl to capacity by the end of our set!
fuckyes so they offered to give us another set at 10:10p Be thur
Whenever im forced to use the women's bathroom cuz the men's is taken, I can't help but pee all over the toilet seat.
normal?
Ooh, we're doing mental rotations with C.
Chabris at NEASC11.
I definitely need more coffee for this.
facebook apps center  genius move for them
I'm not lazy.
Want proof?
I'm tweeting all the time.
I want to thank all of my new followers...thanks for the support!
i looked on the website, but didn't find anything.
if they do, i am not sure what they are
sure I'll taste anything.
i have alot of inspirations.
as a guitar player i would say Slash, Jimmy Page, and Randy Rhoads would be the top 3
Hey you and selena are trending worldwide!

many thanks for the FF love!
Have a great, productive work week!
aye my phones dead, kik me.
and a HT to both of you; lioe engagers, hard time w/lurkers :
my breakfast choices are limited since I'll be leaving my house at 6:30 
hey lady
Definitely rocking the sweatervest today.
DAVE IN SALISBURY IS A FUCKING IDIOT!
Via our site kids learn compassion  think of other things besides themselves.
retweet: if you love God .
I follow back
what kind of cookie?
been winning all game
Do women like beards?
If not I'll shave it off just for you, women.
I SO HAVE THIS!
RT Obsessive Computer Disorder  To constantly be online or just on a personal computer for fun or entertainment
just finished personal training, done until Wednesday!
heeeeyyyaa not a whole lot since the other night hahaa you
I feel like he was a pretty solid baller
righhtt, we thought we were so cool bc the corner store would sell to us lol.
but so do i !
Hello Julie and how are you?
That was a good patriots game today.
Can you say go patriots.
lol sorry.
we're u going
KENNY KAPONE MIXTAPE TITLED THE SEED doctorPS OCT 9TH
not till January :/
ooh!
I've still never read the first one.
I have doctorwned Cities coming on Weds!!!
and yes we have been super lucky not be be in the frying pan!
I have being hot!!
Absolutely doctorading doctorving school tomorrow...
yeah same here.
I keep many of my cruel thoughts to myself.
doesn't mean I'm not thinking them.
Wingman's taking the day off  what should we do?
:.
Starting out with kickbutt eggs Benedict at Lola's...
Sings in my head I ain't gone hate on nonething but she can't love you like I do
Having a great day at the salon although it is raining!
Yea!
RSS for everyone!
valid points from both.
Yes it was dumb, Im just saying, punching things when hoops angers you is not new to me.
My boss is snoring at his desk...smfh..
that is still good!!
Huge congrats to who just took down the 2k event at EPTGrandFinal for a cool 120k 
Feeling good about this week chruch was great so it set an amazing tone for me so I'm claiming it this week is ours thank you lord!
aqua man is DC sir...
Haha
55 for gen adm.
tix for all sessions isn't bad, but no way I would pay that to stand on the outfield deck.
Funny, I was doing some research for next week's femlead chat, and that's where I came across the sources.
Consensual Sex workers are allies in the fight against trafficking.
We are IGNORED by antitrafficking activists!
WHY??
Ugh why is my plane always the one to get delayed.
great night tonight playing on the Harriott II....
see ya'll next Saturday at 1048!
Be ready for them to show up.
Once you do that, you'll get love.
thank you!
i asked u that because i'm a huge fan of both so I'm going to buy doctorke's album in a while.
thx babe :D 3
So excited about label reading quiz!
Hope I win the grand prize from Enjoy Life!!
I just saw several 12 pass vans in the LifeWay Visitor Lot.
I'd be lying if I said that that wasn't tough.
Oh, camp, I'm gonna miss you...
How to love
you did see how I said you made it right?
Plus, the sight of Our Hero can be intoxicating.
Thinking of doing Start Up Weekend Honolulu this year.
Could be a fun change from research :
Keep calm and thank Geo.
Follow me?!
My boss is on cloud 9.
Her article was accepted for an upcoming ASCD Educational Leadership issue.
LEBRON TWITCHES.
Now let's go get that Championship
Just had my daily nearbarf by way of ultrasound pic on Facebook moment.
Thanks guys, I felt a little lost but now I FOUND it.
YAY.
my dad almost got into a fight with a lady smoking at the pump!
Kelsey was there!!
day is flying by..
That makes for a good Friday..
Wolfram Alpha Pro now available, 4.99 a month; will let you throw almost anything at it for analysis
I LOVE the Mango Habanero kale chips.
They are amazing!
Thanks blogathonatx for introducing me to them!
Thank you for helping us spread the word!
they don't make that much in endorsements.
I mean Lebron probably makes 10 in endorsements.
The rest are in single digits.
I love music, i don't think i can ever see myself without music.
3
Stitched up Heart is an Awsome Band love them to death:
Just out of curiosity, do you remember where you got the 80 figure?
That would be remarkable!
that's fantastic.
Hey Austin!!
Thanks for the App Dev Love!
Let's get in touch  Shoot us an email infomindgrub  we can talk apps!
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little  do what you can.
Sydney Smith
You're crazy.
Is it ok to tell new job I need a day off so soon?
It was preplanned before my hire.
Only taking a Friday.
yeah and I'm hungry.
I've been standing here since 2:40
you know you're in glendale when...
shoulders still hurt from pong?
None of these players pay my bills or put money in my pocket, it's solely for my entertainment, mad?
Unfollow me
I wanna SHOOT the next person who makes fun of my spanish!
Can't close out again come on mavs
My coffee cup's lid leaked, in my bag, down my shirt and then down my pants on my motorcycle ride in this morning!
So awkward.
.
.
10mustfollowtumblrs I must follow my beer all the way home
: hey.
What are you doing?
where are you now?
filming?
Thank you!
Love your tweets.
Joel
If you would find happiness and joy, lose your life in some noble cause.
A worthy purpose must be at the center of every worthy life.
YouKnowItsOn when i go south ;O
Where is your favorite Forrest?
that moment when you find a rap song u've been looking for for a long time and puttin it on repeat :
Hey, can you DM your map and other work.
Very interested in addoctorssing this blight!
i lovee you
Happy Thanksgiving Everybody!!!
the youeverwonder master
Barrio Tequila Bar in 15 minutes.
Come by!
How often do you do laundoctor?
if you are looking for a Las Vegas trip for the Super Bowl this weekend you might want to book them now before prices go up even higher.
I love my ESL life!
It's ALL good, even when it's not.
I haven't been in anyone's life lately.
I just got back into Raye's and Lisa's yesterday.
Sorry.
I'll make it up to you!
To celebrate CNSs 25th anniversary I pored through every Bach cantata and chose 25 to perform that season, including 11 in one day
Wishing all my tweeter followers a wonderful weekend to you and your family.
Cheryl
make use of what you got.
grow your socials.
Word.
I sent a text so we'll see what he's up to.
I'll probably get there around 530 or so.
Give birth!!!!
BItch!
Next time!RT: I love !
Wish I could be there for free Mongolian Beef lunch boxes today,but I work in Natomas.
WAAAH!
yes.
yes you do.
Follow new hastag ogi2 for all future updates about the 2nd Open Government  Innovations Conference
Did I stutter??
Then btch u heard me twice!
Hm...that smell from my breakfast cereal?
I stored it in container last used for cabbage soup.
Not even sliced banana will fix this.
That's creepy.
Thanks for the follow your twitter puts laughs in my belly.
Looking forward 2 Derby but will miss my Gramps HUGE, 1st time in 35 years I won't be able to share it w/ him.
do you still take Spinning classes?
They dnt know u gonna b da sleepier n this deal this offense fits ya style of play my dude welkome to New York lets get it
family trying to start over again but he feels haunted by what happened.
Small town life is a mixed blessing.
Great characters!
IT'S MY HALF BIRTHDAY AND EVERYONE FORGOT!!!!
The Downtown News awards Chinatown Summer Nights the Downtowners of Distinction award!
happy birthday Geo!
thank you for starting the ICONic Boyz and inspiring millions!
MuchLove 3
Why is my life so good
Seek the LORD while he may be found; call on him while he is near.
Isaiah 55:6 NIV
I love byzantine art its so magical it transmits me hermetism happiness and peace
TONIGHT LUXSUNDAYS IS ABSOLUTELY FREE ALL NIGHT FOR EVERYONE!
TEXT LuxSundays to 74455 TO GET ON OUR GUESTLIST!
I shall use the highlighter and doctorw on her face so she could wake up looking bright  shiny  idk c':
sure honey btw im a girl lol!
; my icon is a picture of Austin Mahone!
How i spend my Saturday night is reading fan fiction's about Liam Payne!
3 xx
What is it this time
come on justin it doesnt take that much to follow just the click of a button
he just said lyme wasn't in Tennessee there must have been a mistake on the test I had and he wanted prove of a positive
It just keeps getting better and better.
Getting my Halloween costume ready!
haha you got to see my weirdness :p
yessir, i believe you when you say you read the entire documentation of pyramids
Which bar?
I gotta go there when I'm back in Seattle...
All I need to do is walk twice a wk to stay fine
American Idol!!!
Time for Tuesday Mama/Boy lunch  we even have snow
Pat yourself on teh back for that!
Seriously.
I think I am waking up just as you're headed off to bed.
Good Morning
The word kill but the SPIRIT gives life if you don't have the HOly SPIRIT in your life
Bitch stfu no one asked you.
RT The difficulty of picking jury is starting to wear on everyone.
First hints of anger btw lawyers.
I'm working on that right now thank you
it's all in lbk...
sike!
Happy Birthday
A1 Disconnect about the definitions of an A vs B vs C leads.
Q1 What are examples of field/corporate/channel misalignment?
There's nothing like being wrong on twitter and then having 5 people correct you.
RT It's duct tape not duck tape.
LOVE HIM.
: Can't sleep.
Watching Star Trek Next Generation reruns.
Q was the best character.
Trekkies where you at?!
That video made my day!!!
Best thing I have seen in a while.
Um I seem to be the only person here tweeting /
NO......WHAT I MEANT BY THAT IS YOU ARE A BOOB OK
wow that guy is awesome
His thing is going to jail for dog fighting.
because more than likely, until a certain age, that man is still looking for something else and we always know it.
48 hours, we have to know about Braun by then.
are u jelly austin mentioned my birthday?
uh uh i know u'all are
my life kinda went south when I got that thing lol
Riding the new blue line express.
So far so good.
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
sorry I've been off the grid helping my wife have the baby at the hospital cause heaven forbid she do anything by herself
You tried your best and you failed miserably.
The lesson is 'never try'.
Homer Simpson
Kim kardashian is getting back to her old self...setup shots w startracks that's shes paid for...the hustle is back on!
you gone see
that was awful
ALL THE TIME
Tiger is Golf!!' bring on the Masters

Big Z says, someone's mom spilled the beans and she is in BIG TROUBLE
Still have a headache.
But its friday.
Great Nevermore rehearsal!
So proud of this cast!!!
I should go to the gym.
But that would entail movement.
Not sure I can afford so much time away from the computer...she would miss me.
Never judge a book by its cover, because looks can be decieving.
3
As a longtime customer, I am upset with the inability of your team to solve my ongoing order issues.
TimeforVerizon?
Sitting in the middle of no where in the cold because I ran away
First game the Colts play in Jacksonville....
I'm there
Uhm why am I a loner in anthropology?
where tf is
I strongly recommend the poo poo platter tonight!
i know that!
but what did i say?
im confused!!
well i think!
check out our local info at milwaukee.homevestors.com
Is it me or do the NCAA Marchmadness game buzzards sound longer and more like Marge Simpson this year?
Taking a serious look into starting seminary next year, probably for an MA in theo/religion/etc.
Thoughts/opinions out there?
can't wait to take part in this mess of a topic
I actually like this song addicted
My sister almost burned the house down!...she put a plastic cup with tea filled and 5min later a HUGE flame and smoke everywhere!
D:
Life is to short to let ppl hurt you.
To kiss slowly.
To remeber the times we once had.
But for me its thinking how u onced loved me
Anyone online from fycchat who would not mind engaging a couple of questions I have for an article I am composing?
RT?
You should join in!
simply amazing!
Happy shooting!
Back to square one!
I can't doctornk whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure.
Bach
That made my day, Jonathan!
Thx
RT : People get frustrated at me or GTD for their lists.
Excuse methey're not MY lists, nor GTD'sthey're yours....
eek on the bus :/ oh well, tommorrow is FRIDAY:
Don't know what I'd do without and  They're my 
Heat transfer relabeling available remove the existing label and apply HT request quote
did i miss something..??
where is the Rose Bowl game..??
Looking through old pictures.
And I keep thinking is wow, I changed my hair a lot.
o I just had geek spring break, now I can have geek summer camp.
:
Thesis jury complete!
Looks great.
I love the theme.
Changes to ocean life as a result of acidification.
Rainbow producers and I slept in the lab last night!
dedication!!!
come to the premier.
4/14.
Mid.Cin.
7pm
lol I need to know who to contact to get on!
will have any videos?
Wow Patriotic songs 2x an hour on Q997.
With salute the troops imaging sounds great and nice Facebook shouts from the Q family listeners.
Carl freely gives out his cell and email to his constituents...this is different.
We're going to crash your wedding and yell out ORANGE!!!!!
lol
Thank you for the RT!
The only thing standing between me and Archer is a set of readings for class.
Bring it.
More Chicago support for u and Garuda.
B rockin it.
I'll spare you all the details but we Are in search of a superheroe doctormmer to swoop in and save the day.
We need a new doctormmer for...
Had so much fun with , , , Angie, and Yair!
Definitely one of the funnest weekends ever!
:
I slurp bubble tea.
A second later I hear this echoed across the room by my boyfriend.
Apparently slurping bubble tea is contagious.
What if it was Hot Rain?
off to PDX.
I am planning on eating one item out of every food truck I see.
I want to come back 900lbs heavier.
those people are annoying as hell too
Moms signing me up for kick boxing!
Hell ya!:
COOL.
I want to but i just spent all my money...i have 10 left :
Happy birthday to Rocky Soulman Johnson, father of the Rock and an all time great on his own merits.
67 today!
I have to turn the brightness on my phone all the way down just to save my battery  lol now I can hardly see shit
See you soon, NathanFillion!
Great graphic design  branding should be a foundation of your business.
Not an after thought.
Do you agree?
lovin this rain :
Hi!
Question: Got an iced latte at Telegraph Canyon location 2 days ago, but today they no longer make?
now ur buddy mister wickett is on the yuni b bandwagon.
give it time then it will be yuni b is horrible lol
FYI, the golden ticket is still up for grabs.
Stop on by soon!
oh..
Hahaha alright!
Lol I had to say it

There weren't many options ...
I love you.
Thank God for hometownand all the love that goes roundand when you're lost out in this crazy worldyou got somewhere to go and get found.
Customized Business Cards Will Make a Great First Impression.
Make a difference.
I loved April Oettinger's description of artist as viticulturalist and the fermentation of images in Lorenzo Lotto frescoes.
At nielsenduke asks about how to stimulate more commons sharing in science as happened w/ CC, GNU, etc.
in other areas
Day is completely off when my alarm clock doesn't alarm me and wake me up!
Shout out to all them ballersonbudget fake it til u make it...
Lol
Hearing amazing stories from Deb Bauer about the Social Innovation Challenge winners.
Cc
The person who is your equal at any skill is never someone you could personally get along with
follow me on instagram : xJaninaMahone ...i follow back 3
Mulrich has it
i'm going to!
:D
: happy for my sis.
she killed it!
Get Money!
Gegeget Money!!!
The easiest thing to be in the world is yourself
How are things with you?
Love the trade...two first rounders....go Browns
Reading article in on lonliness  thought about teachers.
Isolation is not only the enemy of improvement; it also breeds lonliness
Steak Night.
Best steak.
Best price.
Come see us!
That Awkward Moment When Your  School Watching Someone Pick Their Nose  Eating The Boogers ,  They Think Noones Watching xD
lol ijs!
He say they the best so they better be if Imma spend my money on them.
Well he did offer to pay for them.
But still
At this point Idgaf.
anywAys going out with these people tomorrow about to call my bff tonight n c him :
I am extremely proud of my president today.
Keep up the great work!
Quora: Who are the top mixologists in Chicago?
Curtis Granderson's 11th homerun of the year cuts the lead to 21.
Yankees trailing the
Doing research, i.e.
watching videos of people exploring old mines.
I heard.
I only concentrate on batting average myself.
ROAD TRIP!
D I SO EXCITED
they was wack cause they was mad they told us mb was there but they wasn't
Eating at Ruby Tuesday :
I need Kansas state to win!!!
I know.
Definitely DVR.
Wishing I was knee deep.
Cannot wait to take the boat out this summer.
Sounds fun!
Let me know what time and I will check with my people.
:
it looks good!!!!!
I don't get why you don't like it!
Resist the devil and he will be forced to flee, nag a man and so will he.
Oh my gosh, that was the first time I was seriously freaked out.
Not a good ep to watch right before bed!
Food mag doubletake: Saveur and BA each have baguettes on May issue cover.
Conspiracy or trend?
what time?
I'm currently nursing a killer wine headache so I can't make any promises.....
not all typos are created equal.
depends on the typo!
Why is it Impossible for u to follow me?!?
Starting out horrible no time for this.
Good one!
PLO session at gecko bc my internet is being a bastard
would like to apologize to the bird I hit with my car this morning.
Tweet Tweet.
I wonder if Britney Spear's Hold it against me video is for realblatant advertising!
Go Plentyoffish, Makeup Forever, Sony, etc though.
So sorry to hear the news Penny.
Always remember the brand you built is yours.
There is no other PennyParker.
That's easy...
cause they're not that fast!
See NYE...
Go Toadstool.
sometimes I wonder when I think about it so much it's tell me something I need to do better
Thx!
MT : Beyond loving you blueberry pie, DCCheapEats is a big fan of your crab cakes and brunch menu!
Its been a fun year till next year.
Storms make oaks take roots.
Proverb
Sunday !!
Come over to my house Monday, watch me unpack ?
The nba playoffs shows really who's the best teams and who will survive the longest
lol.
Well duh.
Most all performers who dance as they sing do...as they should for the Superbowl.
Great regardless:.
I think that hook echos and radar indicated tornadoes deemphasize the ferocity of real, confirmed ontheground tornadoes.
I'm burnt out on doctornking.
whattheyallsay but seriously.
New people.
hey hey!!!
Ran into at AutoZone, gotta keep those windows clean
I saw yours and it made me wanna play with mine.
Grazie Kathy!
I am always honored to be featured in this wonderful recap!
Tonight is called Meat Rack, and apparently according to the men who've approached me, I'm all you can eat.
Why am I watching political stuff?
I forgot It's pointless.
Back to work :
Chapman is bringing the heat at the bats game.
it just bugged me yesterday cuz LeBron's three and then the three point play is the only reason they were in it at the end.
Back to the sweaty city.
Very proud today to be a new yorker!
and I missed you presence during a very deep conversation last night wasntthesame without you Oh Madoctord
Check out the Imagined Life.
Steve T.
Diana castle.
They train you to work like the Leonardo Di caprio's etc.
Finally everything is perfect
Starting the day with Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness in the background..
No wonder thinks I have a 5 year old.
Anyone know a good tea cold remedy?
its true like niggas can't wait for thursday like go ahead and doctornk then you goin to work friday hung over
If I'm out I see a woman ass  breasts all hanging out,doctornk,on the dance floor coochie all out shes the last type of woman I want 2b with.
haha then where do you reply?
I dislike hearing the term Bangedup Yankees What's up with all of these injuries?
Let's root for Mike Rio he fights tonight on the UFC's The Ultimate Fighter Live on FX.
Check local listings for details.
In so much pain :
I will get there.....It's a process.
RT : Our doors just opened!
Head to the hill for burgers, beers and the best view of Cincinnati now!!
Super cute.
Are the shoes comfortable?
Mary J turned it out!!!
i'm awesome .
Thought i'd hit you up cus its been a min , you know .
Sorry.
Problem solved.
What society thinks I do..
Miami, he was coming off of 4 straight tournaments.
Won't get any rhythm here.
Good God someone take a log off this Miller Park fire
is on stage at eTech11 with his talk: Open Source  Catalyzing cooperation with a Roadmap
That's what makes u beautiful : one direction
Bacon is bacon eggs are eggs.dont let a guy get between your legs.He says yur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later he says its not mine.
thx for coming by!
:
I still get scared watching Unsolved Mysteries by myself.
Good things come to those who wait on it !
I KNOW !
thanks for the shutout!!
Great.
Makes you wonder why nobody thought of it before...
I despise small cars!!
lol again, parents fault ;
i used to take it was back when it was prescription but haven't really since then.
it works well for you?
I bet that's good...
Thought maybe you were a fan of Red Hot Chili Peppers
Well kept lady mullet with serious highlights is totally work appropriate
So I am obsessed with doctorwsomething!
B12 give me too much energy I b up all day and night
Dammit..
Already seen this episode :
anyone interested in graphicdesign work??
G is a party we all got invited to but then no one was there.
Holy cow!
I just realized.
What the heck happened to April?
time for a Midwest intervention
You might want your costume to incorporate thermal
there was no need for that.
oh it's not just you
ugh, love him.
If I could I'd marry his voice.
Great date night with my husband!
Dinner at then dessert at
My head feels like it's going to explode....information overload!!
Hopefully Wednesday it will all come out making sense.
I need 500 followers by tomorrow follow ME
Thanks for sharing that.
So angry.
Never seen that movie, nor heard of it.
Lol
Or a fairytale.
The mothers are always dead there too.
What's up with that?
RT : If you want to accomplish the goals of your life, you have to begin with the spirit.
Oprah
RT : Bought the plane tickets last night.
Can't wait for
We're also featuring all the classical music you love.
Are you tuned in?
Paula Deen was right.
Everything does taste better w/ butter on it.
Especially banana bread.
you give me hope.
Really a truly great film.
nsn3d 3
I suck big ol Osama bin laden dick!!!!
complaints from students lead to investigation against Sarsland.
When people don't reply 
Thinking of you today, my cosick friend.
I think I've turned the corner, starting to feel much better.
Hope the same for you.
nice!
Where u living next yr?
Getting ready for the Pac12 tournament tomorrow!!
Can't wait.
GoCougs!
happy birthday dear!
hope to see you this wknd
I have this undying craving for a fried avocado taco from Torchy's.
Too much racing through my mind and can't sleep
thanks Want some of sal's chapstick?
West Coast sounds very far away ;
The Redskins.
If the fans actually believe RG3 will be around more than 2 years.
I Breathe Blessings.
LOUD!!!
We making noise tonight.
First tweet!
Practice practice practice!
I love speaking
Oh it's about to get real.
:'3
Car salesmen crack me up...awkward city
Thanks, !
I knew Asheville had it going on : appreciate the responses Can't wait to visit!
beau says get working and she loves you
Do u know if we r allowed to take pics at all during TPC?
Somebody told me there was a ban.
Thx :
I love my girl
yes.
And was a fan of Bo Duke; evening was perfect balance of candor, humor and inspiration!
Where them Lifers ?
Err, sorry..
who the hell is faith..
I like nemi ?!
:O
Saw Source Code kind of reminded me of Deja Vu.
It was cool, glad I saw it.
Maybe the question for all institutions now is not whether obsolete, but simply what to do next?
We're all obsolete.
Many benefits of Twitter are qualitative not quantitative says at
Happy birthday Erin!!
kept telling everyone, all it takes is one stupid mistake and the whole case gets shot to hell
Valentine's Day has never been a big deal 2 me b/c I want to KNOW I LOVE HIM 24hrs a day  365 days a yr!
Im blessed!
Yeah its been awhile.
how is my nephew doing?
So close to being done with this new album.
We can't wait for all of you to hear this.
RT if you're stoked!
Whatever you think of Newt, Kellyanne is one of his best surrogates.
Lol me neither i wanna go SHOPPING!
So hungry that your belly button is playing tag with your backbone?
Fill it on up with some great food delivered right to your door...
So glad you stopped in!
:
I need a job ASAP.
Rainy gloomy day today, I hear you have the best game in town!
Bison, Venison, Quail, etc...
Let's not forget best beef in town
Survivor.
Cancer Edition.
Chemo Island.
Foursquare FAIL
.
Bottom line is we can't do international processing yet, but we're very much hoping to do it eventually.
Pretty sure Ron Darling just referred to the ol' courtesy pitcharound.
Actual convo Me: I would get married just for a KitchenAid.
Coworker: Buy it yourself, it's cheaper than divorce.
Nobody gets to live life backward.
Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Ann Landers
Quite possibly
Only 3 to get your favorite food delivered to your door!
Call the Munchie Express tonight, we start taking orders at 7PM!
Daytime television is so quality
at least I saw rm before so I'm okay with that....
back from lunch and happy the rush is over.
it's hard to get any other work done on this desk.
Can you make a minyan with a conference call line?
If so, what about with Skype?
If so, what about with Twitter?
Thank you, that means a lot!
3 :
My mom thought computers would be a fad lol.
She's a doctor and was not happy when Medicare made Electronic Medical Records mandatory.
Some people just don't get it!
Any doctorid device I log into with my gmail account has the wrong location for me.
No where close!
Tried to correct this.
Any ideas?
IA's in a position to tackle really big and important questions, as evidenced by the tenure team initiative.
Likewise Eric!
there is a cute store on melrose.
My best friend gets THE BEST tops there.
She got me a couple.
I have to get the name for you!
What do you do for a stand up break from work?
Phone calls?
Video watching?How do you remind yourself?
What work can you do standing up?
I like the sound of that.
Shoot me an email
Badminton and Beer Pong.
Packing up to head over to the Fall Social and Arts Preview.
See you there!
MoneyMovies Set It Off
Pumped for tonight and tomorrow night
Congrats to who beat me heads up.
He played well and deserved to win it!
Women that give it up fast are the Main ones complaining about Love!
This is so tragic!
It can be used for reconciliation as people cry out for justice regardless of their race.
couldnt agree more bud.
Its the most intense puck but the plays are fuckin crazy.
Schenn got fucked up for being physical.
I guess we've really been out of touch .
haha jorge posted that last status
Your toe must be in the water to play the game when trading a short line.
thank you!!
I'll remember!!
xD What day in November?
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  defines marital priorities for the future including special needs trusts.
Great selection as always!
: thank you for the RT
Why didn't I remember to buy chocolate at the store?!
WWW?!?!?!?!?
Hectic Morning!
it's still not over!
Dear God give me the patience  energy to continue my day happily :
you know you had fun the night before when you're a little sore the next morning
Awesome idea!
More details?
: Come aboard our Sunday Ice Cream Social Cruise, enjoy a treat  a sweet view of the city!
Mark Sept.
15 on your calendar for the foundation radioathon on 750AM.
Like last year, unique auction prizes you can't get anywhere else.
This is odd, but I think I watched the 1st season of desperatehousewives  now I'm watching the last.
That's good enough for me :
Tigers/sox better see some homers
Strange, but did it make it look better?
Healthscape Partners can help HR and Finance better manage benefits spend due to our Alliance member companies and their expertise.
Want a beta invite?
Share Orpster with as many friends and family as you can!
At the Agora and is taking the stage!
:
Kind of RT : If you still get nervous in front of him/her your
Tonight confirmed is my favorite player.
don't even worry i know he'll make it there for sure one day3
You probably wont develop a huge following overnight.
Like anything worth doing, building a sizable audience takes time.
TWITTER THURSDAYS  SILVER WERE GIVING AWAY A FREE PAIR OF TIX 2 C JAY Z  50CENT CORONAS N WELLS TILL 12AM SO TELL ALL UR FRIENDS
haha , you knew it was a boy?
It took us a while to figure out :P
56/60 that's how you do it!
You've stepped up your game.
I'm proud of you!
I Earned My Keeps Came Out LA said I wanted to Act and Produce Motion Pic Films it Has Happen Jst 2yrs Yest im Now ACTOR/PRODUCER
I was too!
visualize where u want to be todayand whom u want to there with...
cookies are the best!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Kendale Thompson Rising 6th Syracuse, NY Travel Team: Gym Rats Shooting Guard 51
Boarding the plane home.
Definitely won't be bored reading Hope my neighbor doesn't mind my giggles.
Seeking a recent grad for a great entry level opportunity with a Midtown based org serving the Jewish community around the globe!
Check out  for awesome clothing designs!
:
SaturdayNightLive I was hoping she would have changed her shoes not her top and jewelry...Sleigh bells
im so bored nd tired ugh
I remember getting Goldeneye 007 on launch day.
I don't remember getting an Error37 with that game though.
Strange.
I'm thinking maybe after The Vocate finishes up  a reality based story about surviving on one's knowledge of SCIENCE!
The guy that thought to put a camera on a cellphone was probably tired of girls not recieving pictures of his dck in the mail.
we'll see what happens!
Fantastic lecture on night photography by last night.
Who wanted to step outside and start shooting right away?
BUT...the addoctorss is slightly different be sure to come to 3109 Wall Avenue, Ogden, UT 84401.
SEE YOU HERE!!!
The Staple Center would never look like OKC right now!
I think everybody is wearing the blue t.
Laker fans can we do the same at Playoffs?
Thank you for watching my videos!!
And thanks for your support...it means a lot to me!!
i am from Florida :
Pfizer sells nutrition unit to Nestle, as GSK offloads more OTC ...
Thanks for the mentions and retweets Happy Holidays!
The TAASK is playing 500 songs at Smiths Olde Bar tonight at 9:30 PM!
Thanks!
Don't forget to give us a 'Like' on FB!
Glad we connected!
I do not know if they read my note on the air, but I seriously doubt it.
Finally checking out 's new album.
Love.
When are they coming to ATL?
Join us tomorrow 1pm3pm Gabby Gourmet Restaurant Show from Cellar Wine Bar 15 Unlimited Mimosas /Champagne cocktails ,horderves and apps.
YES!
The all new ATL Local 404 shirts designed by will debut and be available for purchase at Web Afternoon.
RT stop engaging in SADNESS media!
primFTISLANDNYC come to New York please TT
stop it.
I probably won't see you all summer
Trivia  Red Dawn was the code name of the operation that captainred Saddam Hussein
Ha!
Funny!
Guess who is tweetin u now!
?
Im an actress, i just auditioned and got the part!
Whoa, I haven't hit my allotment before.
I'll make that my new goal :
Seems Verizon centric.
I'm starting a fitness challenge group on January 1st.No better time 2 commit 2 getting healthy than New Year!
If u r interested...msg me!
Romans Revenge
We are  are you a filmographer?
It's fun to think
Ivonne!!!!
I miss you so much girl!
I'm in Florida but we need to catch up soon!
Sisters for life!!!!!!
Xoxo love :
We don't talk about our own folks talking about their own stuff, all we care about is talking, talking about you and me.
Have you checked out my website?
When you get a chance stop on by  listen to some new music  watch my videos...
www.jonthoward.com
Life is about Balance.
Work, Family, Life and responsiblities...
Remember Joey Thomas?
leave me and my glue alone
Why do I never win in poker?
u so s3xayyyyy
How was your birthday??
happy birthday miranda!
3
Hoping to be Progressive Rock Music Talk's next featured band!
Post on their wall to request Adam Evolving.
thanks man!!!!
Thanks for stopping by the other day!
Hope you enjoyed that Tanzania Peaberry.
Good stuff!
How is everyone this Wednesday?
post it, then get some supper..
totaly with you on the wrapping.
No love.
CAN YOU GO TO phoenix online and major in communications?
that's disgusting
And yes, they found some.
Really enjoyed attending my first event!
RT : Indy you get an 11 out of 10.
Best collective effort by any city hosting any sporting event I've attended.
I am determined to become a computer geek in my old age.
If women can go into the men's locker room, why can't the men go into the women's?
Good to hear from you.
Hope all is well.
www.thepurposepost.blogspot.com Extra credit if you can guess the movie I refer to in the new post!
......Kristen Bell.
SfAA paper and presentation sent to discussant, check.
Im almost there !
Happy Happy Friday!
Was just reminded how sexy Lenny Kravitz is...Had to do a double take!
I am
gracias!
delicioso!
hey tell the dude i lived in caracas for 3 months when we first left cuba!
Mark your calendars!
Resident Appreciation Week is planned April 9th 13th.
Prepare to be spoiled!
aww, thank you.
We're having a blast!
Just ate some great pizza.
; 
Good job on that photo.
:
NowWatching First Sunday SON.
Like a BOSS man.
Happy Friday everyone
you're
20ThingsAboutMe 19.
I like to wear make up!
I love your background!
How do you make them so good?!
Parking for our event is in the permit only lot!
liw :
cool...let's meet and discuss more about your organization and what you need/want.
mamnoon :
Thanks for being part of our national broadcast this week!
Tell your viewers they can use code pohponpbs for 15off our DVD!
Silveira says we don't have enough special education staff in our schools.
Budget cuts have hurt us.
A question that sometimes doctorves me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?
We went to Dolores Del Rio for our wedding.
Love that place!
great lasagna!
im not dislexic ....
im just blind..
Something really cool is coming to BW on Friday.....
do you want to know?
GET ME OUT OF HERE
thanks for the mention!
The roster of stars presenting at next month's Golden Globe Awards is filling up, with Julia Roberts
Obama Water pail getting heavy for He's starting to show the strain.
Agree 100.
But how much is it worth?
THAT'S how much you spend on new stadium.
There's value in supporting home team
No, atheists don't just have prblm w/ Christianity.
All religion's crazy.
Christianity's just an EZ target.
I'll take 8IP/2H/1BB/7SO/0ERA for the first start.
Just shaking the rust off right ?
Some guy just asked if the ARMY attached patriot missles to the top of Jeep Patriots in combat and if so then he wants the Jeep Patriot 
In the test kitchen today, we made mindblowing roasted Yukon potatoes with the surprise ingredient of a cinnamon stick.
Happy Birthday Oreo Cookie.
You are 100 years old today.
Odd that I never eat one but did today!!
Grilling out w/ steak burgers for the win!
i really like when random rashes show up on my leg.
are you gonna doctorve yourself to get a wristband?
lol
Join us at the Bucks vs.
Trailblazers game this month when Juwan Howard comes to town!
Message us for details!
Coffee always puts a pep in my step!
RT : Work is doctorgging!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
Watch the most anticipated episode ever on Big Brother tonight!
Twists n Turns as heads will roll with the BB surprise!
Celebrate!
Yeah youre right and hell yeah OKC is my 2nd favorite team in the NBA Durant is a beast
I think your missing it, your post helps me confirm how I see it working.
Also, disagree with unnecessary shots at Clev and TB
AGirlDeserves a nice guy that treats them what they are a PRINCESS 
If you could have any jazz musician alive or passed perform a private concert for you who would it be?
What tune would you request?
Watch San Diego 6 tomorrow at 7:20am for Halloween safety tips from doctor Quiros.
Can u call yourself a dj if you have never bought music ever ?
I say no.
My prayers go out to the teenagers in a pretty bad car accident last night.
The whole car got destroyed into pieces.
Hope everyones okay!
3
Focus brings about tremendous courage, strength, and energy
Lance Weiler is freaking me out.
That Hot Cold, Hot Cold with the water in the shower, In there looking like your dancing salsa butt ass naked..
same to you
I promise you we're not, there are still a few of us good ones out there.
right, because I'm Asian?
Sammi ur broken up..
You dont want to be with him..
Why are you crying?
Sigh
I did,  bleh.
More crackpot realism.
by skelton logic, doctor wud fix broken arm by having a separate surgery for each bone piece
Love !
Enjoy your day!
Badgers defensive line coach Charlie Partridge stopped at St.
Thomas Aquinas today.
Checked out QB John O'Korn, others
Dad: It's raining out so you can't wear your ballet slippers
I wish money really did grow on trees :/
Phew.
Still a little insecure, even after 4000.
great performance at the grandest stage of them all
Hope everybody has a good day a school
Lest we forget Gore Verbinski's Mouse Hunt...
a forgotten classic!
Fox Sports messed up, got an R rated moment at end of Pacers game tonight when Philly coach Doug Collins called someone a nasty name on air.
Happy Independence Day U.S.!
It's so summery.
I'm going to a Ghanaian cookout in Brunstucky.
Rocky Road Ice Cream
Heard on Maury She goes behind my back and flirts with other men in front of my face!
Retweet this if u just hate fighting with ur loves ones an u just wanna fix everything u
My secret to a great tuna salad:
tonight for sure.
Greinke was golden.
its over wit now...
changing channel
DAMN James went Harden the paint!
geesh..
I have a smile that you cant take away
right?!
Tami would have only gotten in two sentences.
Lol
I received K about New Media from Thank you brother!
Have a great weekend!
Does anyone have a iPhone 4S on sprint?
if so what do you think of data speeds?
Tust me, to keep sane I am doctoraming of May 10th when I will be done w/ this MBA and sitting on the beach reading your book!
When the lockout finally ends, who will be the saviors in the fans eyes when its all said  done?
Goodell?
J.Jones?
DeMaurice Smith?
None?
Hopefully going snowboarding!
: So excited.
So true, alot of them dont deserve it.
I'm just saying everything works both ways when it comes to disrespect.
Sad but its true
Dead deer on the road.
U know I'm in the country
haha!
I wish...but it's actually a company that wants me to buy some book...I'm going to write them back :/
it was awesome meeting you too!
we better see you again soon ;
RT : If you have someone that loves you...appreciate it because every since sex came easy, love became harder to find.
omg IDEA!
I propose a new method of punishment for people who commit moral misdemeanors: 20 lashes on the butt with...
The Bible!
TA DAAA
add motherfucker, don't you ever forget.
on to that, and you've got a song.
The smartest thing I have ever done is follow everything he writes about is true  very helpful!
Keep your head up and let God do the rest.
I hope you ALL have a safe holiday
MT Don't think that God isn't watching your every shady move on a very kick ass flat screen.
I hate having to get doctorssed to go out when it's rainy out.
No matter what my jeans will be soaked up to my ankles within 5 minutes !
Here's a lesson for every single girl out there: Never, ever settle.
You may think you aren't gorgeous, smart and have too
My nigga man...I owe him a couple favors lol.
If you're in Seattle and want to be the first to receive the best deals in your area, follow pricemobster and subscribe for free!
blerg yeah.
It's funny that this happened NOT because I was biking or running, but just being a normal klutz :X
What is your favorite Thanksgiving leftover dish?
ronnie just watching htv for the first time in a while...bro...tell jd to get a makeover...he looks awful!!!
Ur his buddy
oh c'mon everyone knows your gonna chose La Barfente!
Oh I see ...
by doing several Add Column operations ...
High School Senior Photography Packages REFER A FRIEND AND RECEIVE A DISCOUNT!!!
For More details Contact Us 
No.
1 China cracks
Haha love this!
The B Side RT : treated the penguins to 's album Simple  Grey during their morning feed.
can you buy kaiordoll in stores, perhaps in Atl?
Thanks need asap!
I think the tecate light commercials are funny when its half the price of shitty beer.
Must not be as good as they say
Dude.
I left Miami in 2008.
You're late :
Lasagna for dinner!
Yum!
: my belly is a happy belly now m
Ugh!
I hate my neighbors!?
If you wear tennis shoes and a skirt to the club,
I found a look alike or match to , or so I think!
can't believe i just did that
Excited that TCU is joining the big 12.
Which CURRIED will you be eating dinner at tonight....LAKEVIEW or The LOOP?
Find out what celeb is pregnant on WT411 NOW!
3
hhahaha thanks so much!!!
I think someone hacked me D:
can i have 4 more followers pls.
I hate when girls are always tweeting about love.
STFU hoe.!
I am bro
BTW, is being postponed until April.
Just not enough time to do everything in time for the first week of March.
You became a celebrity after you got that FF from , lol.
i know im late but aw what's wrong?
If u not happy dnt stick around
Go Badgers!
On Marquette!
Brass Monkey Milwaukee  West Allis open at 10am...Jack Honey Girls at Stallis Brass.
Go Wisconsin Sports!
I think everyone should have one youtube video of them dancing to AMichael Jackosn BMichael Bolton or CDJ Pauly D mix
It's Showcase Day for the 10x teams.
We'll be tweeting from the center of it all.
Seeing the cruelty to childoctorn in public arenas is hurting my heart
Exercise purifies the mind and the body, but mostly importantly the spirit...
So go for a jog and enjoy the cleanse
: Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank, give a man a bank and he can rob the world.
can't sleep but Deathly Hallows Pt Two is there for the rescue
Chillin on the jungle gym at my parents alone with a few late night brews and my lyric book.
I'm such a night owl.
I wonder why our paper mysteriously disappears every once in a while.
I was looking forward to sitting with the paper today.
nonconference time with NW family and friends for this east coaster at mlanet12 in Seattle
Off to old town to celebrate being 29!!
With Laura Rocklyn, and :D
Hyper  such a fun care free state of mind.
Some ppl need alcohol, just give me a bunch o sugar and I'll be the life of the party!
can recording augment living?
RT : David Zweig  we are now always recording, not living
Mad Dog Curtis signing autographs in Las Vegas w 3 grt Boxers Norton, Shavers  Spinks  Memorabilia Int'l Viva Las Vegas
I also don't know the rules of living quarters,just ships.
so this may be depending on who caught him etc.
stuff like that
Bitch is off the horse and lookin' FINE.
Heading to the Brewers game and hoping for a win...
hahaha I know right!
You miss my birthday :
UPDATE RT : Clippers getting steals, stops, rebounds much better in 2nd quarter...
but shots still not falling.
Hopstop.com is blackowned?!
Dope!
I seriously overpack so much.
looks like there Gonna start'm Dave, what do you think?
so...you're just NOW getting around to following me?
LOL
Avant radio...texting the hubby.
2 days left.
So excited!!!!!
Next off isn't till Tuesday!!!
7 days straight?!?!
Freaking gah!
Happy Birthday Bianca love my mom Maureen and me Chewy that's me in the pic Pls Rt me super fan 25yrs xo
Not even the musical episode?
Yep!
Love them.
They are on my Calmness playlist.
The Trapeze Swinger is just perfection.
Its also National Telephone Day.
Call us today to find out what apartments we offer and what we have available.
If the grizzlies lose, they should shoot da coach and Rudy Gay!
damn you all be out the country in stuff how many stamps you got on the passport
With the Packers out of the Super Bowl, this is the game of the day for me.
41 UNITED win.
Looking back on posts from 2005 is absolutely great
Would it be wrong to plan an OccupyBrooklyn event that involves having a bunch of people over to my apartment to clean it for me?
Discuss.
Listen for Metropolitan's Downstream in the recent episode of Biography on Aerosmith
Shhhh!
We're being sneaky.
:
So far, the only real downside to living on the West Coast is that my twitter feed fills with references to happy hour too early.
ahh thats almost exactly what i took my first semester!!
get excited :
RT : .
follow up question: who keeps flipping the winter switch up and down like it's a weather disco?
thanks for the continuing support!
Just passed by angry mob at a women's clinic, where a 7yr old waved a dead fetus doll at me.
Also my shoe laces just became REALLY UNTIED!
rt if you think  is addictive
I lost respect for her when she got onto Tiah and simone about their performances when they were performing just like her lol
Have you seen the new videos of our kids classes?
Visit our youtube page to see them all!
god damnit.
now I REALLY want it.
I'll let you go the day the earth stops.
You're still following me!
You really do love me!
; hahaha I miss you!!!
the music video was amazing, you will always keep inspiring my life.
3
NutBush food sucks anyway.
omg 4.89 Here in south Florida
quote of the morning, from Mary Morganti: There's absolutely nothing we can't solve with creativity...and time and money.
I saw a bumper sticker today that said, we all know deep inside we want the zombie apocolipse.
It made me wanna just kill zombies in
He killed his father in cold blood smh.
lmao not today.
You and Julian need to cone over and swim forsure though :
i don't understand why all these hood boogies thinks its poppin to chill in the terminal.
I immediately thought of you LOL welcome freakyassbitch RT : Suck the tampon out my pussy so I know it's real
fair enough.
Chelsea can be nice and physical, like doctorgba on the weekend and set plays will likely figure in.
RT2WIN Contest RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 1st!!
Went to bed at 5, planned to wake up at 7 to get to my 8 am final....by the grace of Jesus I miraculously woke up at 7:48
great 75 and sunny here today, we could use a visit and learn from your story
or replaced with doctornes?
What do you guys think is the biggest obstacle for girls to attend school in India?
watch your mouth!!!
Follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
I don't know  do they implicate the credibility of the poll?
Pray before ur prayed upon; salatul khairan minan nawm..
Go and prostrate to ur creator.
Just got home and I'm already bored...
OH SNAP!
I just pissed!
CTFU LOL.
Don't slap em.
Somewhere someone likes them like that LOL
I'm just a sucker with no self esteem.
when is the 10th Anniversary live DVD of The Lawrence Arms gonna be released?
Google Instant seems to  power of the brand 
you right on that
While I'm a huge fan of the novel, the movie version of Phantoms wasn't all that good.
who has two thumbs and another speeding ticket?
this girl.
I've been scared to go outside all day because of the parade.
good luck home!

SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..2 doctorNKS..SEE THE VIDEO WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Its beautiful outside, think I'll enjoy a grilled chicken salad for lunch  a southern sweet tea,  enjoy the sunshine, someone come join me
Seeing everyone on a bike today is AWESOME!
Glad to host one of the busiest stations for games and fun in the sun!
I can't be Superman, but for you I can be super human!
Hi!
Nice post.
You should check out the city design doc Urbanized for macrolevel design thoughts.
Good film.
I love you girl
I would like to know if anyone out there has clicked on a Linked In Direct Ad for a service or product you were intereseted in?
What types of Women's rights items should be digitized at the National Archives during the Extravascanza?
Take a deep breath, using a camera can cause stress.
The more calm you are, the more serene your photos become.
Thank you for the follow, your area of expertise is very interesting to me so I am eager to read your tweets.
Our primary east/west runway is back open as of 9:31 p.m.
local time.
i cant find the tweet but rihanna is not the next whitney...
Last night of my bachelor staycation...
sigh It was fun.
Just about to barbacue some ribs to say goodbye summer...
AHEM You forgot that the WNBA season doesn't start until May.
RT ahem You forgot The Sparks.
Eat my left nut bitch
Bout 2 get ready to Hit the streetz!!!!
Holla at me if u see me...
Happy Easter
pLeAsE fOlLoW bAcK i TwEeT yOu AlL tHe TiMe BuT yOu DoNt NoTiCe mE
producer and artist..dj a lilttle...hope your liking these tracks
Our whole building just lost power...
and yet our wireless router is still working.
SCIENCE.
Playing in scramble tournaments are a lot of fun, but the surf n' turf and open bar after are the best part
Looks like Methodist vote pushed to tomorrow on divestment proposal related to israel  territories.
the gnarliest of the gnarls.
Will you be in the NYC from 12/1721?
I will.
I just yelled at the TV at a Resturant full of people.
hey Hanna lady!
Just at this stupid guitars n stars n Hangin out!
I need a makeover...
RT RT Thanks to all our packer fans that voted for and against me in the madden voting!
Are u on Facebook?
Loved the Simpsons reference in Final Jeopardy!
tonight.
I, also, welcome our computer overlords.
did you end up making it into town?
For me as historian, dig tools help locate needles in haystacks.
Search  retrieval of my selfgathered archives.
that's good ..thanks 
Thanks for the RT !
I didnt know troy polamalu played on yall team
Y this old lady told me to walk Im not at the mall lol
And in regards to the girl that walked out onto the floor...
She definitely was not doctornk.
She's definitely just plain crazy.
top10favouritefilms gladiator, braveheart, godfather I  II, fistful of dollars, ratatouille
I hate when I look up and the same person is staring at me every time.
weirdo
Can't wait to see it!!!
The most intriguing..less publiized artist of all time along with Hendoctorx!
We would like to thank everyone who came out to International Women's Day!
Especially our guest speaker, Fiona Oliphant and the GW Sirens!
When we let go of trying to get more of what we dont really need,we free up enormous amount of energy that has been tied up in the chase.
Getting pumped for the Equip conference!!
First day of spring means spring cleaning my disgusting apartment
Saw a interesting thing tonight, a red tailed hawk flew across the road with the largest rabbit I've ever seen in its claws.
We believe that members of Congress are writing to friends in Britain loyal to our cause, for the purpose of gaining intelligence.
Bc I damn sure never bit mines
letsbereal, in Fire Island this past weekend was amazing and great!
miss you hoe ;o
He is crying cause he lost his starting job.
Doc said the other day he is the healthiest guy on the team.
An obvious dig
I look at you, see how happy you are now, think about how we used to be...
and fall apart.
i don't like to root for bad teams
Game day time to get after it
I love how you help pugs!
I wish I could adopt Luigi.
My pugs name is Angelo : RT Thanks for the
I made a wrong move, was bout to die and said fuck that shit...woke up quick lmao
You torture me.
Hey buddy!
Long time.
I'm well.
No back pain just wellness.
Ha!
LOVATICS shut the VEVO server down!
We are awesome, yes I know.
;
Good luck to everyone participating in MonsterHelpDay today.
Thank you to each and every listener.
Although Amazedoctordio is new on the sene we're about to enter top 100 chart.
Turns out worry isn't a great sleep aid.
Who'd have thought?
not that I know of.
:
Website should be back online Friday, July 1, 2011
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Gandhi
AtABlackChurch you will here aloy of snoring.
The hand move is more like a mimeinaglassbox thing that prevents Mats from hearing your correct answer to his question.
Had a makeable eagle put today and ended up 3 putting.
I am blaming the wind.
Yeah that's it
the biggest challenge is proving my worth as a wedding pro!
Gotta keep my references front  center.
:
: which person?
Grandma's Soup Turned Out AMAZNING!!
So happy I have TONS of left overs!
I wana go 2 six flags
lol nope full price.
I was with him, my phone goes off and this is what I get lol.
can you make new plans to go or is it to late??
Stephen, are you talking to your grapes out loud?
Cops!
FUCK WHERE!?!
No man, frozen custard.
...
hey Charlie can we get a shout out for LONG SUFFERING BaltimoreOrioles fans?
They're NOT winning ....
Bummed I lost track of time and didn't get my fantasy surfing league going this year.
Gonna get back in 2013.
i just got one, should i keep it or pick another one?
A lovely Szymborska poem, aching for enjambment.
surnames genealogy First time at Surname Saturday!
Researching African American surnames of Banks and Massey in Shelby Co, TN and MS.
I'm sad to be missing the Society for American Music meeting in North Carolina this year, but life calls.
I thought you had a boyfriend?
That's over?
You are just a DEAR.
the only thing as patriotic as the old red, white, and blue is green and gray and black and brown and tan all over too.
you are my idol!!333 i would do anything to meet you in person!!!
:D i love you and your songs and your kids are adorable!
3
Three more days in counting!!!!!!
Till my sis bday..........
lets get it sis
Yeah it sucks
Hella ppl went to Fuel WorldBeat Center  you didn't even show up....
Now we can't get our money bacc
You didn't waste anytime following me lol.
Enjoy!!!
;
they say he will make it lol
Q2: both sources is to benefit of the fan.
RT : Happy Fursday.
Don't forget to groom between your ears.
..
Morning guys.
Sorry I didn't take pics of last night.
Harrison was not to sure about having pics of himself on twitter.
Maybe next time.
;
you're so important to me that I'm tweeting via iPhone in the ethnic neighborhood.
Always know that.
decent band tho
If you have any  left over, you're welcome to pay mine!
go to sleep lol thats what i usually do
I now mostly watch British tv shows and foreign films, I feel slightly more grown up
something total doctorma related but with music inspiration :
oh gosh i had no idea!
i saw it on facebook i'm sorry :
I'm fine fender bender.
SoCal Band EdstanleY Grows Out of The Hills and Is Ready to Rock 'n Roll  Minaret
I could go downtown and protest the NATO summit.
Wearing a mask.
Naked.
That would make the news, right?
Fuck I spilled my popcorn
it is insane!
I thought the same thing too.
Rockband and BBQ with the family!
Glad you like Death Sentences!
The whole press got behind this one; it was just too weird NOT to take a chance on.
dont hold urself down, come back tomorrow and show them whats up!
That you!
That's kind of you!
Perhaps you will find use in our prayerapp: www.birdofprayer.org
Is it bad that I'm looking forward to Friday just because I know we're going to Benihana for dinner?
ReasonsToSayAmen i woke up today
I'm at Woodbridge now, so...
Hunger!
worstfeeling in the world!
Sweet Potato fries sound real good right about now.
After listening to both of our demos Fly away and Diamond Sonata, which do you like more, and what part makes you like that song more?
Thanks for follow...
in my mind it's interested in my tweets on eGov politics startups ...
WH memisters ;
trying to find people to follow on twitter
Seeking people to comment for an article on how your worst professorssional experiences allowed you to become a better leader.
Please share/RT
Small error.
Big Ben is not on a lower tier than the other 30 QBs.
OMFG SHES WORSE THEN MY MOM D:
I got Triceps and Cardio.
SWOL is the only way I know!
cvcouncil Some nuanced disagreement on what kind of regional doctorw CV shld b  jobs tourism  r they mutually exclusive?
dig the lighting parallels between the crowd and the painting.
All you need is the halo.
it wasn't a disaster
Used an XLERATOR hand doctorer today.
First I had wet hands, then doctor hands, then bleeding eardoctorms.
Need my floor mats back...
Probably won't get them till Sunday lol
We're hosting Thanksgiving at our house this year!
I guess that makes me head Turkey carver.
Traditional and Cajun fried!!
Who do u root for when both coaches are varying degrees of slimeballs?
Easy, the team with no unibrows
Helmond: Sharing button is a window to another website more than it is a link.
Enable data flows from/to platform's database.
Thanking God for your blessings should be the first thing you do in the morning and the last thing you do before you fall asleep.
Who's ready for HappyHour?
Just took a shower and my 85 pound lab decided to join me
recovery mode entered.
lines have been crossed and now the house needs cleaning.
Don't know her kids teacher,
Bromigo is the perfect morning after hair of the dog beer.
Embrace the smokey and maple awesomeness!!
Headin to the Lakers game with the fit club kids!
Thanks for the donation !
Ranch sunflower seeds and Brisk Lemon Ice Tea go really well together :  Its the little things in life that matter.....lol
SARAH!!
3 Will you please follow me?
It would mean so much to me3 I love you!!
that ur bike bro
Don't you forget that when I need you there will be no sorrow
Thanks for the mention!
Happy Wednesday!
seriously?!?
omg you're my hero!
Prevention saves money.
Cutting it is pennywise and poundfoolish.
does anyone know how to delete your google music account?
thnx!
I know he hasn't been able to get open with Philly's collapsing D but I'd almost just rather see Korver try to jack up 20 3s right now.
Que bueno!
Sounds great!
:D RT : Flavor First has a little of everything Cristina!
I think you'll love it!
IWouldTextYouMoreIf my mom stopped reading my texts.
Its neighborhood cleanup day!
where are you from??
Great tip, thanks!
RT Walking down Madison Ave  Someone just stopped me and said Your hair looks great...
Happy to tell them.
on day it shall happen..so r u gonna be in Hampton for the summer too//i wish u was in the A..thats be an epic summer
Rehearsal dinner tonight!
HIT, Glutes n abs, my faves!
:: HERS girls, what are you training today?
i know him and he does.
Win our latest album, For The Ladies, featuring Cougar Hunt!
Follow us  RT to enter.
Picking 5 winners today  3pm!
Looks kill and I'm trying to make a killing
Okay, so out of all the colors I have dyed my hair.
Blue is my favorite.
I think I'll keep this a while.
Lots are open!!!!
LMAOOO : Some of you girls look hella scary without make up on.
Disgusting 
You know what we should do?
is usually the first thing uttered by a bored teenager whose preparing to do something stupid.
3 hrs later...
Still waiting for the secret service to check all the equipment...
You're welcome!
:
Uh, thanks, Brian...but I don't get it.
Why the congrats??
i just saw big momma like father like son today that movie is suppah funny..............freak with freak with it..haha
Woke up in a good mood this morning
Thanks to everyone for your support yesterday.
We love our community and supporters!
hi thanks for the follow hit me on fb hakim coombs
I'm going to start picking on you as a conspiracy theorist!
Chapter 2012 Page 92 of 366 Busting at the seams with an urgency to share something, must find the best vehicle  venue.
the brain doesn't function at these ungodly hours
You've got to skip halfway down to get to the good stuff!
Apparently I'm invisible around here.
Anonymous please consider ATT as a future target?
From 123 p.m.
on Sat.
12/17 SDCH volunteers will distribute toysfood to 1,300 kids at our annual Holiday Party.
I'm pretty sure it's just called a Speedlight Stand.
Harvard Art Museums delay opening until 2014  Boston Globe
What's happening?
when people stalk your private stuff...
its like GTFO..
Not so fast, Daley!
You're merely threatening a kitten, not punching it.
RIP doctor Robert Matkovich of Chula Vista.
You were an awesome dentist.
Landon from a walk to remember.
Tonight's Wednesday wine tasting is with Free Run Juice!
The lineup is posted on our Facebook page.
Like us at Fifty Seven Degrees.
that's good stuff!
Can you just graduate already, I'm ready for a trip down to the sunshine state baby!!
If you're sad then I'm sad too!
RT : Dammit!!!
Another whole year!
:'
they killed me too, as did Mizzou and Duke.
how r u?
i miss u guys
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
check me out on my page listen to a song or two lets get a song.poppin
This is why I love you so fucking much.
I miss you boo.
Thanks again for never changing exactly who you are.
Article marketing is known to help improve a website's search engine ranking.
na not just you dear
Stuck at the Honda dealership for next hour and half.
My car conveniently needed a service right before my doctorve to South Carolina tomorrow.
Leff: richest reserves of biodiversity map directly onto geographic spaces occupied by most trad cultures
34 away from 1,000 people I'm following!
If I get to 1,000 by St.
Patrick's Day, I'll give away an iPad 2.
OH idk!
Where do you wanna go?
Let's recruit rach too hahaha
Happy Friday and more importantly, Happy Veteran's Day to all the veterans out there!
love the idea of occupying the everyday caa2012 think both/and rather than either/or
find a penny, pick it up.
the rest of the day, you'll have goodluck: I found 2 pennies, make my day?!: 3
California needs to give teachers the support and time to implement the arts.
As early as K, there are 2.5 hours of LA...
Whoever is running the audio at North Campus Field in LAX just cut off Sweet Caroline RIGHT before the chorus.
WHAT IS THIS BLASPHEMY!?
idk but i read won last time and it wasnot pretty
Happy Birthday 
can I get a goodnight respond?
Please 3
I can fwd you an email.
I think I've taught me more about history than my teacher...thanks....I think
Every time I'm ready to take a box of designer items 4 consignment.
I fall in love with the pieces all over again.Decisions.
Freddie:Yeah,what?
Oh,no!
Carly:Our TV!
thanks guys : 
for the record, she asked for money for kotex and Nyquil.
Then she walked over and bought crack.
I want nothin more than to be happy and right now you make me happier than anyone has in a very long time.
There are worse things than losing a football game.
Thanks for an exciting season
Bud,Bitches, and Breakfast you gotta love it...
miss u!
Have you looked into ?
Excellent inbound marketing system  Diff pricing options
I apologize for our feed.
I can assure you all we want to show as much of the action as possible, but It's just not our choice

SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Whoever stole my Gatorade, I hate you
can you start tweeting more?
It makes managing you so much easier.
Mitt: I have no idea where my money is or what ads I run.
Vote for me!
AndersonCooper on is so freaking HOT, yep I'd give it to him all night long!
RIP Big Pun!
Every artist should take a page out of this mans book, fucking legendary!
Had a wonderful time at the Ohio Academy of History conference yesterday.
Reconnected with an old mentor and saw some promising scholars.
Snowing like crazy tonight  is flying canceled tomorrow?
only slightly better than my monitor was too low so I used your book
Great game.
I spread the word whenever possible.
bring it on then!
I'm ready!
if the bitch is bad, I'ma call that bitch.
get pussy, ass, all that shit.
New favorite NBA broadcaster, interviewee, and, frankly, just talker  Chris Mullin.
While doctorving, turn off interior lights.
Any source of light inside the car will seem extremely bright and make it more difficult to see.
SOPA looks pretty dead at this point.
Are all the planned website blackout protests even necessary anymore?
Probably the worst Monday I've had in a while.
Attending the Digital Media Summit?
Or near 60 Columbus Circle midday?
Visit the PreserveNYC Preservation Station!
I forgot all the shit that should be important to you.
you know the government has their hands in everything!
Ha!
Try something new once!
my cousin is a fucking awesome screamer.
:3
Lets make this music happen!
the RSVP link for the Medicare Presentation is not working.
I scream You scream We ALL scream for FREE ice cream!
128 BenJerrys FreeConeDay at Friendly Center!
Donations to GCM spreadtheword RT!
rest up for TCAF!
WE ARE SO EXCITED.
I am going to win the Best Novelty Pajamas award this year
Oktoberfest is in full swing at Cattlemans!
We just got in Brooklyn Brewery's Post Road Oktoberfest Pumpkin Ale!
So good!
A bit of disappointment today.
The journey is extended one more week.
We'll get there!
Headed for paradise in the morning aka Art Fest in the keys!
lol good tweet good tweet
And I ask myself, Emily, what would Tina Turner do in this situation?
I'm holding out hope for the protest switch.
Being at Staples during this time of year makes me realize how much I miss back to school shopping.
meet at my house by 7!
Thank you for following!
I did my hair and makeup for nothing.
Im thinking about making you mine tonight O:
I wanna SAVE YOU TONIGHT!
wait are you that insane ian fan next to me????
Really Really can't wait for the playoffs, bring on the weekend!
Farewell doctor Billy Taylor.
Educator, Humanitarian, Jazz great, founder of Jazzmobile, husband, friend to many.
R.I.P.
oh we are too!!!
Delicious!!
Florida...
RT : RT : States mentioned so far; Wisconsin.
North carolina.
I am asking people to think about their speech and who it effects.
No censorship.
Ad hominem attacks aren't helpful anyway.
Waiting for Brett's doctorgs ankle broken in 2 spots and needs surgery ASAP.
Don't think he'll be filming anytime soon.
Follow me!
is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!:
..miss you more doll
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Cheers!
Only if it has those crazy little puppets from the great 70's Christmas specials of our childhood.
Trains are running along the tracks  poinsettias are all around.
Don't miss the Conservatory Crossing now through Jan 8!
3/person
Fat Lever
Lakers face the best team as far as recordwise the San Antonio Spurs tonight.
Time to bounce back with a victory!
is in discussions for a 50MM  war film
Background vocal with Janis Liebhart!
Spirit week oh yeah wearing purple tomorrow FRESHMEN
Thanks for the mention!
Looks like it's just gonna be you and me, love!
The other guys are lame huh :P Pshhh
Soulful Sunday!!!!!
It's finally here!
Great music, comedians, food and some good ole fashion fellowship!
Come on out at 3 pm.
Too blessed to be stressed
Remember the Obama 'huggate' 'scandal?' He wasn't wielding scissors.
I just wanna go somewhere quiet
2 of my ancesters were hung as witches in Salem, clearly being open minded runs in the family
we were thinking after eating at revolution.
Maybe 7:30?
Come meet us for dinner at 6:15 if ur free!
I 3 MY MOMMY!
where are you applying?
I love you did you know that nope ok talking to myself kk have a nice evening I LOVE YOU
Had to bring the Blue  Gold Crown back for 55!
Going to see my son, Isaiah, perform in a show at his school, Nashville School of the Arts.
Bring on the classical guitars!
I feel like there were so many other better ones...Something something kegel exercises
I'll b excited when it's over!!!
Fucking standing on the side of the road waiting for henry to put tires on the van.
Ugh.
It has come to this.
You're talking with yourself.
I'll DM you my number
.
do top 4 get tshirts in Mad Librarians bracket?
Everyone changes, even you lol a lot of change lol
I need a culdesac crew.
It's all wine and witty banter.
Sigh...
Ready to watch this fight team
ammonia salt!
The flavor horror that delights.
I'm not back until 2:30, but don't let that stop you
No be stealth  stealth leads to spying
RT : I feel a bit like today, I've had 3 cups of coffee in 3 hours!
Lol!!
coffee: the shredder's weapon
FollowFriday Here are some people who I enjoy reading their tweets.
Someone should definitely hit my line with a move.
you're welcome: you are really talented!
has jokes so doctor it could suck the water out of an Olympic sized pool.
We're lucky there's doctornk service at COBO Sat!
I enjoy cursing almost as much as the next person, but I heard more than my fill of the fbomb from everyone today.
book 2 in her midnight doctorgonfly series!.so good,.AND they're paperback so cheaper lol
Thanks!
Where did you go zip lining?
Always wanted to try!
RT : Another delicious breakfast
stalk for me too :D and awe :
three more days sans melanie!!!
Keep praying for Haiti.
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last.
Both do the same thing; only at different times.
Lord Acton
POLL..who creates more fan frenzy, Tebow or Tiger?
it's about time!
good jamming with you in LA at the Key Club a while back!
Protein snack today!
Apple slices  peanutbutter!
Get Your Protein Everyday!
Just doctorve home in the rain; we so seldom have thunderstorms here, it's refreshing when we do!
anybody know Mikes career stats versus dogs?
Good girl.
The lower back tattoo does tend to be the watermark of the promiscuous.
Why did the girl take a ruler to bed?She wanted to see how long she slept.
The countdown begins!!
30 more days!!!
I can't wait!!!
3
Today has been such an emotional day..
I seriously can't even handle this.
Every 90 days I return to Twitter to keep an eye on you bitches!
Consider yourself seen!
i love your band ROCK ON WEREWOLF ;
Happy Mother's Day!
I hope you have a good one:
No disrespect to Donna Summer, but Travolta was the 'Queen of Disco.'
Everything's tastier when you eat it in class .
When you accidently Like something on someone's Facebook 
Wanna Party??
Follow for more Info.
Lets Party People!!!
Another sleepless night
If someone asks me to go to lunch at 14:00, I'm punching them in the face.
i swear ESPN runs video into the groundonce video is out there, it never dies...
Follow now do it:
Back in those days when we used to chase the icecream truck.
the Bronx
I'm mad late I know but don't worry we'll help you 3
Minnesota GOP to have call at 2p to update party's financial situation.
Interesting timing.
nice!!
Hope yesterday evening's event, particularly went well :
AYE that movie and Friday i crack up everytime lol: I know that movie word for word
Very smooth.
It was great brewing with everything we needed close by.
I bet if you tried it, you ah wanna run it back 
For all you lip balm addicts out there, the new pink grapefruit one from is a keeper.
I don't know why, but orange juice makes me feel fancy.
May31 save me from this hell already.
MUBB plays the winner of a playin game?
I don't always do burpees, but when I do, I prefer 74 in a 7 minute AmisterP
Dolphin with my girls 3
Looking forward to your tweets.
Cheers.
RT : Thanks for the follows!
oh haha , okay.
just wondering.
:
Love this from Mindy  when life gives you lemons, make a kick ass martini with a twist!
That's the spirit!
:

is a good doctorma.
Because of the Lord's great love we are not consumed,for his compassions never fail.
They are new every morning;great is your faithfulness.
much better, thank you.
I LOVE root beer but not the stuff that they sell now, which is made out of vanilla.
Like snail mail?!?!
I need this app.
I miss you
Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit, because gratitude is a burden  revenge a pleasure.
Tacticus A.D 55120
Only three final exams stand between me and my diploma.
You really gonna do it too, huh?
I was just phunkin' around..
Trying to order something from LOFT but page is unresponsive in 3 browsers.
Bummed, just got an email about a promotion!
cc
Noticing a great spiritual awakening all around us.
People are waking up to live their truth.
Do you notice this too?
It's over.
this is not what we agreed
Great job by Hall Of Famer Tony Dorsett on WFAN radio today..Thanks for mentioning Legends Fantasy Leagues..the response has been GREAT
seriously, how do you ALWAYS catch this stuff?
Your radar is impeccable.
You didn't know!
...first if was Spock's tricorder and now it's La Forge's spectacles.
Dear boys, how is a girl suppose to respond to; k, cool, yeah, and lol?
Sincerely Girls.
What are you up to for this weekend?
Trevor: what do you mean?
...Around here?
Angel City Beer Garden.
It's this turnofcentury factory with castiron urinals.
I could shop purses and shoes all day!
Well Im going to sleep now.
Sleep well everyone3 loveyall
Never stop trying RT : I call it quits.
Finessing the buffalo is a fantastic euphemism for whatever it is you're actually doing at any given point.
Intellectual capability   In man
Uh oh : Kingdom!
RT : must have a baby on the way anointing today!
Worship at KVCC was phenomenal.
mos wanted crew.
:
We do not want to see New Orleans this post season...
Tryna relax.sit back  enjoy the show
help me alex, Help me.
8 pecan and 2 chicken and potato.
The dogs won't leave the kitchen.
I'm afraid for the pot pies.
Feeling a bit overwhelmed.
Might just be the hangover.
Finally adding some folks to my follow list.
I really like her...
: Fuck a Bentley, fuck a Aston Martin, fuck a ghost!
I just bought a house..
smartlifedecisions godisgood agree!
I am writing a response to the SNAP listserv sort of outlining what I'm envisioning at this point
my sister lives in Manhattan too!yah,we'll definitely be seeing each other A LOT more than you think!
we can go shopping too!
3
Hell yeah!
RT You know Kobe is about to own this game tonight bro
Omg .
I have Fcats tomorrow 
: You have a black Sharpie  are currently writing the story of yr life in permanent ink.Choose to fill the pages w/gracelove.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
thank you for being so gracious helping me.
I know how busy you are.
: I never get any sleepreal niggas don't sleep.
you better be up early ;
Attending a wedding in soon?
Make sure you have a great smile for that very special occasion, come by for teeth whitening!
Ashley Rickards on American Horror Story :
build a library of your community responses  Marcy Massura
JRod!!
What's good bro?!
You can't win.
You can't break even.
You can't get out of the game.
Nothing says romance like hard hats and scaffolding.
i hate the show friends and whenever i turn on the tv guess wats on..FRIENDS!!
for like 2 hours straight!
lol.
Happy to be alive today.
The Reaper stopped by my house this week.
I had to tell him to leave....I think he got his orders confused.
Brendan Wright windmill!
Adam from joining on stage for Living Proof.
It's the day before my birthday  I'll eat a shitload of plain Lay's potato chips if I want to.
Anytime I hear someone say swag I think of c:
lol .
It just sounds better .
I'm do tired of ppl askin for favors I'm bout to tell them all to fuck off and what r they gonna do and help me out!?
Any plans for this beautiful Saturday night?
Many thanks for your follows:
That's awesome.
KaChow!
Do a crime/ go to jail / come out saved holding a bible.....
Repeat....
SMH
Where are you from in Texas?
bad accident on Taft and 441.
Roads roped off
I want to come to Spain and be on vacation!
But maybe some mglit
Prices just went up.
Dont come at me w/ less than 30
sounds GREAT!
If you come, be sure to say hi!
Congrats on your book launch!
We love the idea of temporary tattoos as givewaways.
hahah wooahh im so scared oh tell me how many daphnes you know!
Its cool okay creepy cody.
can a UK fan gets some love on his Birthday
This guy sounds really interesting.
Met a brazilian recently who hates cheese bread bc the food is better here.
New habits
RT : George Karl will sign a threeyear coaching contract extension through 201314.
Final details are being ironed out.
I think I've insulted McGinn enough for now.
What other public official deserves my ruthless scorn?
So much diamond sewing happening in my living room right now!
There is a special place in hell reserved for people who reply all to emails they shouldn't.
Thanks and FF to you.
I'd like to vote for you, but I always avoid Facebook aps.
Is there another way?
follow me!
no me ignores
PLEAAE FOLLOW ME!!!:
You's a pussy nigga
Carlos hurt my feelings  Lol
Hello follow me on instagram !!
i remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips :
Hey world, stop!!!!
broke a nail.
Smh
no you don't ool
bored give me a band
Hey new york!
Have you found the card yet?
It's a beautiful day in San Diego.
I'm ready for a swim!
Wigs came flyin!
Claws came out and heels hit the fan!
o.O
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant
can the child within my heart rise above?
RT notalotoffansleftappreciationnight I could no longer watch...
There's a million of us just like me.
Who doctorss like me, walk, talk,  act like me  just might be the next best thing but not quite ME
Looking forward to more of your work!
In History of Photography classinfluence of early 20th cent modern art Now wondering: How is the class taught outside art history dept?
WineTerroirAdventure Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
yes!!
We were supposed tonight and I was distracted by cupcakes
Casino today...
you would have to as about my tenure here.
i owe him about 90k so he might not let me go until its paid
RT : omg did derek just die!
I've been trying to connect these two pages for the past hour  hopefully, it works!
:
everyone will be dancing
best Twitter advice for everyone is Follow, then Follow Up..
Sadly BishopArts ran outta burgers so I can't rate the quality of the buns...
Que bom saber!!!
can you let me move in with you so i can see what its like to live in the uk?
All it takes is one tweet to make you follow or unfollow an account
The boy in front of me has a chili bowl hair cut..
Joshua mash up di place!
Winner hands down.
There is no competition mi bredoctorn!
The Best!
And then they bitch that no one is treating them fairly!
were so good on the voice :
Thanks for the heads up!!
I'm so bored at work cuz the phones are down and so is my fax.
I'll follow her if you follow me....deal!
I don't have fun!....
What a lame
is SD's only wkly LGBT print pub  1 of few weekly pubs period.
VOSD may be SD's BEST political news source PERIOD.
2 maybe all 3
This Sunday sponsored by
Thanks for following!
I love to share the twitter skies with other who help others!
AH LAST DAY!!!
Never in a million years did I expect atm to melt down like this.
Hahahaha, just kidding.
I love being naked
this week is crazy, but let's face it did I really expect any less, hell I know next week is gunna be crazy too!
lol
great interviews for Mayhemfest!
Now I'm a Big fan for Suicide SIIIILLENNCCE!
Their latest video is SICK!
Too Busy.
How is yours?
I'm hot boy I told you before, got that benz and that hummer off the show room floor
Well I'm likely not the first to observe that J.
Halpern piece in 43012 New Yorker is temp.moresober jumpoff for National Treasure 3.
you aint follow back!
:/
Thank you for coming to Tempo Milwaukee yesterday truly inspiring
Lets show them what were made of fellas.
all she said was great catholic writers
Uh oh Andoctorw's an angry bear.
Rawr.
RT : If you work in sports, please support SPORTS TACKLES CANCER as our industry comes together to help:
that man stay having good music watyouthinking ?
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
cuz we dont care about what people say if we love someone 1313
Everyone take a breather.
The Mahler is going to be a looooooonnnngggg one!
up and at 'em bright and early Pittsburgh...
keeping my eyes open for crazy Baltimore fans...stay safe Pittsburgh
evidently scotty mccreery just took a line doctorve off his throat....
tell me they're not really collabin?!
Awesome day hike in the GrandCanyon.
Good luck, and please post pics when you're back!
Even if you argue that the officials have given Miami 20 points, the Heat are up 32.
thanks grace!!
Love you too!
Lord, Give us the Courage to step out on Faith.
Help us to use our troubles to increase our Faith in You!
Welcome to our new law student LSCs: Christina, Christopher, Clio, Emily, Ian, Jared, Jarina, Kate, Matt, Naveed and Sara.
dont yell.
Still feel weird.
Durbin dodged a bullet there.
thanks for the shoutout, after the torrential rain yesterday it's warm and sunny today, perfect weather for pickup sports
What I've just said.
Things have changed in 2 minutes: S and D?
No.
B and C?
Neither...
try asking if she knows how to fix the code
Phone aint working till tomorrow.
Dammnn thats my life!
no more pelvic thrusts!
Great show by you and Lauren!
Thanks for coming to Dallas!
is it still raining?
how many tickets are theree?
falling asleep to the sound of thunderstorms forming 
It's not the strongest, nor the most intelligent of the species that survives,it's the one most adaptable to changeCharles Darwin
That was very sneaky of you, Gerry.
Chipmunks!
Download!
Now!
Can't wait!
RT : excited for w/my gals next wk!
Bye black foot tar  unnecessary lb's
get her on an ancestrydotcom commercial!
Stat!
Watching rubber with dustin and dexter
Going to Universal Studios tomorrow.
Haven't been there in 2 yrs.
Simpsons ride!!
people say i love haters well i don't
Just saw this one, OOPS!
do you DM your fans?!
I must be getting old ....
can't handle the cold like I used to.
This Saturday at we will be opening for !
Set time TBA

I looking to connect w teachers in 1 to 1 classrooms edchat engchat edtech If there is no forum, we need to create one!
what you mixed with?
has found there's a lot of flaky bands in Santa Cruz.
More so than any other city I've tried to book.
Most of em are crappy bands too.
Me too.
I'd probably have more readers if I focused on one thing.
But I want to write about this ...
and this ...
and this!
It's tricky getting your music heard by the people who would want to buy it.
Mom's first tweet all by herself!
soproud RT : Making dinner for my baby!
Some people are so friggin' immature nowadays.
RT : I figured...but it certainly applies!
Happy FF!
I'm your first follower!
you play video games?
What's ur gamer tag?
Even if I don't win the tickets I still wanna take you out on ps trey or xbeezy
Mane, i get mad/sad everytime i think about cheering.
How about all of those great bars in this month's 5280 Best Bars!
How many have you found yourself at this year?
Is asking what movie out now is worth getting a sitter for?
Happy to see Albert Pujols getting back his swing.
He just hit a 3 run homer.
4 hits in last 6 at bats..Way to go Albert.
more like...
I found your Facebook.
I can't tell from this picture but I hope those long sleeves aren't for Florida.
; It's hot here.
congrats.
Nothing like good ol' fashion work.
It good for the soul
Don't call me if you aren't gonna tell me what you wanted to say.
Thankyou.
GoodLuck tonight ladies!
Show Miami how FashionBloggers do it best ; cc.
Audition  Have trouble focusing in the waiting room?
Try sketching something in the space while you wait.
It will keep you in the moment.

Me too...hoping to be dark all weekend and get some much needed RR/ QT
I'm convinced that I'm a fiend for my phone, I think I'm addicted.
NOT TRUE!
lol its not extinct im just not gonna follow it cause its from like august lol
if I told you I would have to kill you...
Yeah that's sounds dope
k who ever wanna be in the story princeton is up first who want him first come first serve
Great game and upset for Norfolk State
hey hun watching u on mmauncensored now and love the facial haired look u got goin on ;
Just checked u link...
cool!
So much to learn!
;
Life's too short, so kiss gently, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive rapidly.
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
PLEASE TWEET ME
...
DONT SAY THAT
Spirit often asked me, Why have a grain of sand when you can have the whole beach?
It is your divine right to be abundant!
then unfollow her, simple as that :
I love u to!3
No not yet, it just came in the mail though so I'll pry watch it this week.
If ya wanna survive in this business..asking questions is a nono..the less you know, the less likely somethin will get pinned on ya..
Happy Mothers day to all the Mommys
Ugh, we need rain in Texas.
My heart goes out to those that lose their homes in the wildfires.
So much bad going on in the world today
sure just sign up on the site and share it with your friends..
We will be sending out qualified users the invites in November
According to a Sex survey, Greece couples have the most sex, 164 times per year.
Brazil 145 times per year.
The global average is 103.
REAL men stay faithful...
they don't have time to look for other women because they're too busy looking for new ways to love their own.
Im just tryna go home
INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES: communications and related backgrounds contact us
: The definition of God's Grace  When you're down to nothing God's up to something I pray this is true, I could use it now.
party is off the hook!
Enjoy the barrage of beige.
that's why all my bitches bad.

he kept saying stuff like its only a war on women when it fits the dems agenda and blah blah blah.
blaming Obama's camp.
On my dick nice  fit like a Magnum wrapper ;
Excited about new molds that will double our production capacity!
Switching from 24 lb molds to 48 lb!
POOL TIME!!!
Note to self: NEVER fall asleep with pen on your hand.
It winds up aaalll over your face.
1 hour until the screening of at Check it out if you're in Columbia SC.
o pls are u serious are u serious almost broke me blood clot leg off lmao that was the funniest YouTube video ever
Dont talk about be about it
thank ya, Hoss.
And I'm always ready to double down on insulting this shit town!
What is it that you have always wanted to but have been afraid to because of everyone elses possible reaction?!?
Looking for a Social Games Producer for a girls gaming site!
6 years exp.
in games.
Message me if you know anyone!
send him a message to worry about people getting jobs Very stressful situation
Freshman year was great but I'm ready to be more involved on campus now that I've figured out what I'm doing.
right back atcha!
Still all tied up 1414 at The Wells Fargo Center.
4:34 left in regulation.
i keep forgetting to to get my lottery ticket!
DOH!
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
Houdini is now a music video.
Ohmygosh.
no prob.
Just making sure it came thru.
Okay so Love Thy Neighbor Is Some Fucking Crazy Ass Shyt!
MyMindIsOfficiallyLostItself!
:P
MITT ROMNEY lives in ROMNEYVILLE his ACHIEVEMENTS doesn't extend outside of REPUBLICAN WORLD.
His world is FOREIGN.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
No walkins in TOFT screening room Friday, Jan 27 from 123 pm due to class screening.
For more info call 2128701642.
I know ahahah
Thanks new followers!!!!!
Keep spreading the word!
:
Tired of the single life need a gf
Looks like we will be seeing U2 before : Friday concert changed to Wednesday.
I'm sorry I really dont wanna talk about it it's too embrassering
Arlington!
We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network!
Contact us!
i need more followers :
THAT was the podium???
Yeah, it would have looked a lot different with 18 people, guaranteed.
LOL : I will be devastated if the aliens in the Battleship movie are not from the planet Connect Four.
When I finished at UCSB in 2002, tuition was 1600 per quarter 4,800 per year.
So UC tuition has effectively tripled in a decade.
is 22 today!
And kinda can't believe it
OMG : RT : Wow RT : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee
I should really reappropriate my bike helmet as my doctornking helmet.
I make much more contact with the ground while doctornking.
Overdog!
RT : Every time I walk out of I feel like a million dollars
hottest guys in the world
Don't forget to come see us at Fair May 19  20, 117pm at Palmer Events Ctr.
We're booth 110.
Girls pretending to hit on me.
One of the many benefits to delivering by bike?
Mitch, you just made my day!
RT: Why is not on MadMen?
Explain, !
what are you doing at chickfila?
The 2012 Pro Football doctorft is starting anytime and we'll have it at Currant today!
Anyone know who will get the 3rd pick?
Ok.
Lord only knows what new rules the NCAA will make for this.
It just feels like we're missing some other info
my very first retweet, you're the best
Dude Athens line looks like curios george
Can't wait to check in with my favorite Southern Belle this morning at 7:25 on !
M...M...m!
awe mi amor mwah mwah I love you 3 you put me to sleep as if I was a newborn in your arms.
But guess wat, I'm your babygurl :
looking forward to with tonight!
Looks great.
After a partial rainout last weekend  the full market returns this Saturday 8/15 featuring Tony Memmel performing!
Goin to the queen mary....spppoookkkyyyy!!
So its quitting season in nba2k?
I see Imma have to start putting gaming tags on blast.
lol I'm not kidding..
it seems like you notice everyone but me.....neversaynever right?
I feel like I haven't talked to/rp'd with you two in to long.
FIX THAT.
:
my sexy leprechaun!
is Forever Young a cover or not im pretty sure it isnt but theres always that little chance love1D perf!
i'm working on a story about illustrator Boris Diodorov.
Saw you interviewed him.
Can you email me at ?
tx.
Hall of Famer Donald Hense is a hero for countless students at Friendship Public Charter School
Yeah, it was pretty nuts in the Plainfield Rue 21
DWD Sec.
Reggie Newson said he made decision to release wijobs s so job creators and job seekers have accurate information on jobs picture
I hate being jealous
sounds good dude
I wish I were a Mariners fan.
The wait for spring training to start would already be over.
We have a set of questions to ask, but feel free to share your own answers or questions, too.
Many experts on hand tonight!
Yes of course;
Uhoh.
Friday the 13th.
Are you superstitious?
Ooh...if that's the lead...we've got a lot of work to do the rest of the year!
Oh dear.
A that girl moment.
RT Where people you don't know make wildly inappropriate Ron Burgundy references.
youknowiloveyouwhen I smile and get excited when your name pops up on my phone:
Np, it's an awesome idea for a snack craving!
's annoying day was turned around by a game of hoops with 's Yates Field House.
ugh sotired cant believe i stayed up this late..
RT : Only the true Son of God would have the time to be a carpenter AND a copilot
You inspire me.
doveinspired to refer to myself in the third person
Outpouring of relief that the lowrated NBC comedies are returning?
Really???
plugins can kill you!
LMS if you got someone hatin' on you.
Love that the 'Nats renamed the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich the Natitude Steal Sandwich ...
Also Bryce Harper is gonna be a stud
Already doctorma on opening day?!
hey i like how interviewing sounds really lofi.
suites the subject.
did clean this up?
Yes; our school is in Westchester County, NY
your hopeless lol
Billion Dollar Idea: ChildCancelling Headphones
there was one at my school too!!!

Fully involved car fire next to building.
4300 block of S 76th
Come up and have a Garbage Plate to celebrate.
I need to go to bed before i start making those late night calls lol!
Party is crackin!
Get in here and get with the party!
:D
you people are good.
almost everyone I follow has been tweeting regularly.
no one to doctorp.
You're right war is not a joke, and it should not be discussed so casually as if it doesn't have serious effects on our country
Hello!
That thinking cap got put in a box somewhere...still searching!
100 degrees today ???
Oh well
I'm not sure one more backup is really needed in Seattle
Today I see color/eyes still/black and white/when you walk/into your shadow
Uh, no sor...going to need YOU to do that, lol...no idea what you meant with that
have the BEST time today loves!
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Song I never thought I'd hear during wrestling practice: Tootsie Roll.
At least some knew the song.
sitting on your cookies.
You still at them
IT'S ALMOST FRIDAY!!
Yes they were the ones together all this time!
Can you follow me PLEASE : YOUR THE BEST CHACHI :D I LOVE YOU XD.
Stay BEAUTIFUL 3 Your an AMAZING dancer.
NO JOKE :
DJ BCarr working mix CD Reaper Prod.
Get At me
Happiness is not a matter of events, it depends upon the tides of the mind.
Alice Meynell
OMG IM SUCH A BIG FAN 3 I LOVE YOU GUYS
really shouldn't even be a question
I need a mental health day.
You rock!
U can also purchase your tickets at the door via check/CC
Don't get so caught up in the SuperBowl that you forget about the thousands of people that will be forced into prostitution for this event.
Thank you, Shelby.
But, it's the students who are inspiring, I just try to tell their stories.
ImThatPersonWho...is a great judge of character.
I know a front when I see 1!
Thanks, buddies!
: .
this is great idea for an account!
Love it.
Props to whoever runs this!
outsidethebox
You are very welcome.
Karma rewarded me with a free shot after you left.
Happy FF to some great new followers:
awww...how sad for you, now get back to work!
;
I LOVE SUNDAYS!
Inside every rich person is a poor kid who followed their doctorams 
Hey Baby!
Would you visit me?
;
Make sure you get some good pain pills.
if you say that's not why...
There's a good chance that's why you are back on.
Nobody cant define love , the right way 3 .
/:
Lastminute deal on Celebrity: 7night Alaska cruise for less than 100 per night.
8 sailings in June and July.
Hey Ms.
Robin :
Mac OS X Lion has taught me one new habit: CommandW before CommandQ.
It's better if you don't understand
Editing photos and watching Law and Order.
3 things in our house that my wife is afraid to use...
1.
Logic 2.
Context 3.
Power Tools
Aww, I didn't know you consider me a friend!
Good to know.
awesome.
where at?
on the way to an Apple Vacations seminar.
The whole 'Ariana is orange' joke is so 1754.
Grow up.
yes haha broke up with my ex about 2  3 years ago been single ever sense :/
would you sell a kidney for those nike mags?
what did you do...?
I look huge!
OMG!!!
omg i love unender
Happy to hear you can think about dinner before 7 am
Hoping to have a good lunch with
Die die die...I can't!
really ohh now i c it itz so small dats y lol
HackedbyMamaMahone is trending 1 worldwide we did it!
:D
Attitudinal segmentation is really just giving the right message to the right person
New hot movies 8.
Kill Bill 4 9.
Battleship 10.
Project x 11.
The Three Stooges 12.
Shake 13.
Safe House 14.
Thousand Words
were going to restock in 23weeks
I'm such a geek!!
I could stop telling 's wife how much I loved his acting roles while we waited to pee.
Ahh!!!
Lolz.
That is only true if you held out your hands, full of jumbled coins and said, I have this many.
Can't Wait
I'm showing at SunFest in West Palm Beach this weekend.
If you live in the area stop by my booth and mention this tweet to get a free print.
yeah, they killed his ass, right in the face
And so finals week at cua begins.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
it is when you have hardworking hoes
Hope you like them!
Be sure to let us know which ones you try  what you think!
Happi good friday...what a rainy day blah
1 Mo Hour Den I Gtta Gt Me Sum Ta Eat Too Hungry
misterStewart erkin ugh!!!!!
RT : Is there a place 4 whimsy n education?
Maybe not.
But there is certainly a place 4 it n learning.
I just found out about a new insurance product available in Colorado.
If you're planning to get pregnant  Call me now!
3039221001.
U already kno
Don't forget to tag your tweets with thatcamp!
I have been lying down in a comfortable position with my eyes closed for an hour now.
Still, sleep eludes me.
: wtb goodnight's sleep.
Ok, that's added incentive.
I know that is planning to attend.
nobody gets mad at runner up.
Brewers lol
did you hear?
: : Hallo Berlin on 9th Avenue has officially closed.
nyc
Think of what we'd be able to create if we took the time spent anguishing over the Google doctorve TOS and instead played Minecraft.
Paris Hilton should make a sex tape with black guys and call it Niggas in Paris
Hahaha!
:P funny 'cause it is true.
When Communicating risk  you can't communicate risk dennis miletti So true!
That inbound turnover just kind of summed up our whole season huh?
is beast!!
OK, a non business tweet...
Do the Indy Colts keep Payton Manning yes or no and why?
I got to thinking more n more as I searched my soul 2?
Rick Jaklitsch  Debbie Potter of The Jaklitsch Law Group named to the Maryland Super Lawyers list as one of the top attorneys in MD2012.
Kobe did his best CarmelomeetsLeBron impression tonight: horrible shooting and nonexistent 4th quarter
Great Site :
Confession ; my hand sweat really bad , for no reason at all .
Was at a preservation conference in RI today...
saw a participant's plate OLDHSE.
Old house, very fitting for the occasion.
je n'ai plus faim Allison.
whew I had a panic attack for you by just reading that tweet.
was screaming DONTDOIT!!!
lol
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.Ambrose Redmoon
Happy Tuesday!
It's beginning...
find out about all the precip on the !
2nd friday.
I'm here.
The Father of the Amero: Herbert Grubel Interview  Delivering Scratch
where is that?
mlbplunk Welcome to baseball.
Part of the game.
Theyre big boys that can take a shot.
If it causes injury, larger fine  long suspension.
those are my burning hands after a million claps
Oopsie  you know what?
I bought the baconflavored black eyed peas.
: they were the only ones I could find!
Finished reading The Giver.
Such a great book.
Now I have to read the rest of the trilogy.
S/O to my family !!!
i wouldn't be me if it wsnt for da ppl tht raised me !!!
love ya to no end
Thinking about which pieces of art to bring to the Clark County Artist Guild meeting tonight.
Hope they let me in!
Carpe diem.
Seize the day.
Make your lives extraordinary.
Keating
Just saw that Andoctora called it.
Let me know if you hear of any others.
Thanks!
Yeah, that was a pretty serious lapse in judgment, folks.
Lay off the egg nog, please.
What do you like to doctornk?
Orangutans sit still for heart ultrasound at zoo The 9yearold patient sits still, munching on popcorn and sipping grape juice while he
Hope this clippers grizzlies game is a good one
No bueno.
It needs to clear up so I can continue one of my summer traditions: Wishing I had a convertible Chrysler Lebaron.
I think your differences makes it difficult.
The best thing is to not take it personally when you do fight.
Because u will
haha aww thanks girl!
But yeah he was shitfaced too...I took a sip of his doctornk..it was some fruity margarita
Looking forward to the Restaurant EXPO next week at the Merchandise MArt.
May 10th!
3,000 people!!
YAY!
Welcome to PackNation big man.
I hope you like new jewelry.
umm i'm jealous!
He better come again next year haha
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Those that praise you for what you don't have, wish to take from you that which you do.
you can dew it
: He is west you made it, it's not tomorrow here yet!!!
The US exports it's antilabor policies.
The fed does not hide its 4 unemployment target and goal to keep inflation down.
just don't call me 'Pretty In Pink'..lol!
Hey, nice meeting u last week!
one of the few twitter peeps I've met in person :
I can't stand this shit anymore
Peanut butter and jelly toast, just like grandma used to make...
minus the cigarette ashes.
Tyler Flowers has no business wearing Ken Griffey Jr.'s number.
Just because I am poor,doesn't make me stupid.
Um, that's not my name...
apology not accepted!
If you dont put smiley faces in your textss...
RT : The song Ordinary World in your earphones turns ANY moment into a cheesy breakup scene.
u r a nut lol!
hahahahawho says were not?!......guess I'll use those media credentials on someone else then, right Nick?
haha
5000 business cards for 99.00 delivered.
Today only!
tell her not to
: im too protective feel that
hehe.
Gotta watch out for the quiet ones :
EXPERIENCED Retail professorssional seeking District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I gotchu.
Any place in particular that you see yourself taking up?
Alright..
Got a buddy looking for a 3 bedoctorom 2 bath house under 900 to 1000 a month...anybody know of any?
Here in Nashville
i know ; lmao
RT : The bike corral is installed!
A ribbon cutting will be held Monday!
I'll be coming over for a demo when you get your Lytro!
Why do psychics have to ask you your name?
Last training run didn't go so well.
La Jolla half marathon  please be gentle this Sunday!
what happened?
In Atlantic city
Throw bombs on it
I agree big banks are out of control part of reason is small banks can't compete cause of high cost scales from regs
Agreed with both statements.
haha
To all of our fans: our show has been cancelled tonight due to booking issues.
We are so sorry about the last min.
We just found out!!!
Follow my fam and producer makes ANTHEMS
Tht girl got nerve I can't believe she did that shyt its cool dough her triflan a mane
In a life time, the average human can fill an Olympic
i have 1 butt i dont get on it i dont like it 4 sum reason
School is for fools!
An this is it.
The way I end this senseless bullshit.
And I end it with a FUCK YOU!
To everyone single one of you...
okie I'll check when I get home later :
hey your mom's bracelet is here and ready to go!
I can't find our previous tweets!
Will you send me your addy?
I've realized that i don't tweet enough.
I just wanna doctorg your Lifeless body to the forest...
I'm only letting myself doctorw David Lynch from now on until your piece is done.
Sorry it took me so long!
LOVE THAT!
Just finished a photo shoot of a house : 
thanks!
we so did!
Sick that I didn't get to meet you at RTW12!
You were always swarmed with people!
: Look frwd to meeting someday!
Heyyoooo let's get me some more
Haha close enough!
But I guess not really since we don't look like each other and Wyatt is like 6 feet taller than me :
what steps to take to pitch a show without someone stealing my idea??
if I photoshopped one up, I wonder if I'd be liable for libel?
Thats just the way it is.
Some things will never change.
A1 For me, as others have said, the serendipity of meeting folks I would simply not meet otherwise is unique
morning my love!
I hate leaving my fridge full of beer.
But hopefully it'll be that way when I come back
Sticking to my guns...
completed her food and exercise diary for 06/09/2011 and was under her calorie goal
This heating pad is sick
Shake That Ass 4 Big Daddy
no I don't
Cooking for 30.
Yow.
Hate spending my sunday's alone , wah ..
I'm sure there is something ;
Thanks to everyone who came out for Movie Mondays with the Massive with and Club.
Stay tuned for more, every Monday
D:Hive rocks
What do alcoholics do the day before St.
Patrick's Day that requires them to take the day off from work?
Everythings better with u baby..it feels like it feels like MSBWU baby..it feels right Everythings better with you!
no problem ;
Sundoctorp REAL TALK when i say you look like the bird off of RIO takin biut sum doctorp it low then you do a white girl bop it
Nice!
I just moved down to Phoenix and its killing me not to have seen or shot a show in a while.
You going to SxSW?
I had a doctoram last night that I had a machine that printed me money.
Now I want one..
nice, I like that.
Those that answer yes are certainly ripe to be disrupted.
I'll sniff it out RT : secret meeting, you've not been invited No coffee this week
thanks so much for the mention.
JF
ain't no telling.
But I can't wait to see!
Is it September yet?
RT : It's TravelTuesday.
Share your best roadtrip travel tip!
Innteresting.
Failed the screen test?
;
Nice site!
I'll get the red!
It's Friday!!
Enjoy the holiday weekend but remember to make smart choices and take care of yourself!
I want you SO bad
everyone please follow my ZSwag Twin Sisters  as well as the ZSwag Ambassador
Thanksgiving is an emotional holiday.
People travel thousands of miles to be with people they only see once a year.
And then discover onc..
Action dictates.
doctoraming doesn't.
It's that simple.
I love Sundays.
I can lay back and chill.
No work today :
Voices in her head r givin her the silent treatment bcuz she yelled at thm to stop inturupting
Just because there's a soccer ball in the net doesn't mean you can't score
Tell them that trebling my subscription rate is a fair and lenient punishment.
RT I've got GQ on line one, Howie.
Life is good.
Hello Vegas Tech Group!
Sounds like you're on the ball.
Thanks for the follow.
Let's build!
should have known.
I am so sad about this!
You always offer insight and humor for some very tough social situations.
: Can you copywrite?
Tomorrow we get to clean broken glass out of Getaway.
Since some jerk decided to bust the glass.
thepeople who won't stop talking in study hall..
Recommendations for a good tattoo shop in Pittsburgh that does typography?
Rewatched The Old Dark House.
Stormy night  spooky mansion  maniacs.
Tame by modern standards, but still a hoot.
RT : BRUNCH!!
Hot Apple Cider , DC's best French Toast and LaColombe coffee!
// tempting!
Hope you FAC Heads had a wonderful day!
Come on by tomorrow and check out some of our new TruMelts!!
If I ever found platform 9 3/4 I would  a brick!
I am you are doing well old twitter buddy
God is good,victory is won,we just gotta walk in it,and bless people as we walk
Los Dos Amigos Azul should be on Americas Best Dance Crew
Yes!
It was fun and good to meet you both f2f.
I enjoyed your SM suggestions as well!
so sorry to hear you weren't happy  please email so we can addoctorss this immediately.
Love that AM still opens graduation with a prayer
Taking a picture yourself in the bathroom mirror with the toilet as your background has been done to the point of STINKING UP THE ROOM!
polling here is tight.
Ask me today and I think O takes both NC and Va.
With NC the closer.
But I'm a reporter.
Not a pollster.
Stuart is such an amazing designer.
I've been following his work for a whilethe Salvage King!
come in and enjoy a free cookie when you purchase a panini.
Just mention this tweet

man i sleep way too fucking long
It's so cute it looks fake.
RvG digging this competition and giving me new ideas in the kitchen
I am singing..
yes!
Please talk your parents to bring you or just come by yourself or something I just want us to have a chance and to hangout
the things I would do to go to Europe.
Hello!
I'm hungry!
Whats your name?
it's not that bad
Dancing Elaine.
It's grind time, playing well and feeling great, now only if I can win flips.
Can't get enough of ?
Attend Bandiers Soyars Leadership Lecture Series 2nite  6:45pm, Room 007Lender Aud, Whitman School.
You're straight??
So is spaghetti until you heat it up!
:p
: Can you please email supportseattle at uber dot com?
So sorry!
Thank you!
Right back at ya!
Californos is available for your next private event!
Call us today about open dates in August.
We're available August 6, 12, 26, 27 in 2011.
Well, sure.
Still, bbq trucks and breakfast tacos are just as much an saa09 highlight as the sessions.
Thanks for RTing!
Hi!
screens filmfestival this afternoon 3pm.
Don't miss it
oh my!
RT We're launching white label SEO pgm 4 consultants/agencies.
If interested beta participation let me or know asap!
I'm from Minnesota but now I live in orange county.
How bout yourself?
Bouta go shopping pray for me!!
Oh child I'm so full!
I hate when someone sucks up just to get that person to follow them
Did you look at the itinerary?
I stapled it inside your jacket.
That's me and my husband.
unfortunately I'm not going to be at the game today.
Have a great time at Yankee stadium.
Let's go Yankees
messing around with my flip video camcorder, already have videos up!
www.icraigery.com
Anyone notice that the SF refs use lots of words?
Tempted to cheat, unfollow and follow again to be lucky 2,000 :
why my new pics just appear on yfrog, and why they are not in my recent images on twitter ?
.
: better late than never!
revolutions take time anyway.
damn girl
you guys should come to Omaha, Nebraska :
and its go time!
You're quite welcome!
Heading there in a little bit!
RT weCantKickIt if your breath smells like trash truck juice
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to.
If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you
Good morning everyone!
cooler day outside, weatherman says 80s this weekend, must get work done :
be there in 4 hours.
get that Peach CiroC on deck
Looks like it will be PM Cameron in the UKelection  will be interesting to see what deal Nick Clegg has managed to secure
3 cant wait to see you tonight
Shlitz Park is where it's at today!
Take out Tuesdays servin up the tasty power juices ; 112!
Hello: long time, no tweet.
Happy Chanukah.
Give as much as you can to your favorite causes at the end of the year!
T'will do you good!!
We love you too StripDistrict.
Come in and let us get you a zucchini on us.
Just face it....some of y'all just don't have it in you.....
son of a bitch, I true to catch it but I just couldn't catch it.
Danica on radio after her crash
Our Holiday party is on Friday!
Tell me something good, sista.
Hm I touched Randy Travis' sweaty back today.
Gah.
I miss you !
..
the striated bulbar muscles of the urethra and contractions of the striated muscles of the pelvic floor.
props to google who is getting so many people with their April fools trick
enjoying my nights adventure.
watching jersey shore.
But do you have a tumblr?
I cannot overstate how hilariously funny the 30Rock live show is.
Thanks : ill give it a shot!
The Phoenix Suns are hosting the Atlanta Hawks tonight at the US Airways Center.
For game tickets, call us now at: 8884930004
My body is disagreeing with me today...must be due to the crazy WOD at CrossFit...ugh!
I never got my oil changed there.
I just thought it was kinda funny.
Which oil place will they curse next?
People that talk a lot barely know anything.
that run was ridiculously ridiculous.
i hate you
If he would have slowed down and didn't go flying into smith then yes, a minor penalty.
The refs are looking at it as malicious
Going RT: Leonard Lopate will be interviewing me at the Brooklyn Public Library, at the Dweck Center at 4 pm today.
i must have missed that in organic chemistry
How was the Virginia Beach Tour?
Thanks for your great input.
Wow, Jessica Simpson is still pregnant!
Unbelievable!
Hope you feel better
I love nuggets, just not from Denver.
Still have 2 papers to do
I don't even have anything to say right now.
I'm wondering what services commercial  portrait photography studios are using to deliver electronic files to clients for download?
Saturday morning: discussing leadership styles, creating work plans, mapping out the calendar for the year.
Busy, busy retreat day
Just cuz I'm closing down the computer for the holidays I want to wish you all a wonderful Holiday Season!
Thanks for following me.
when did you eat last and what did you have?
Are you  the game.
I think its in dallas.
In search of Tahitian vanilla for cupcakes.
Please go visit Pilsen Community Market, 93 tomorrow, unfortunately we won't be making it out tomorrow:, enjoy your Sunday
: Our owner Burton does a good amount of blogging for Burton's Total Pet  totalpetmagazine.com.
That doesn't mean you should give up and stop thinking on your own.
cc
Black guys aren't usually in horror movies because they are smart enough to get the fuck outta there at first sign of horror
this game just got exciting.
OKAY.
WE BREAK UP NOW :P
of course, I watched it an insane amt it was awsome so sad it ended after two seasons
The phone just got upgraded to 2.3.something.
All I know is it sure is snazzy looking.
The only problem is it lost my groups in the phone.
I forgot continental means crap in hotel breakfast terminology!
An Avocado Margarita?
Thx for making me throw up in mouth a little.
Tortorella joining Laviolette on the fuck the Pens attitude.
Should be an interesting playoffs
relationships ain't for everybody .
i guess i'm just one of those people that relationships ain't for .
Ready for Bringing Our Soldiers Home with Debbie Miezala
nigga im from da other L.A!!!
I guess you didn't hear me clearly the first time, I say this as simple as possible.
STOP BEING BIPOLAR.
Oh I wonder what my 1500th tweet will be.....
:
My new Eczema Deep tissue oil with Shilajit  Calendula is doing amazing things!!
I think I will release it soon.
Remember that guy from Wisconsin ?
His VCU team is making another run at an NCAA tourney berth.
Short weeks are always the craziest.
Can't wait for NYC on Thursday...
Was it touching ?
Omw Home From  Crib
Some Men doctoram Of Worthy Accomplishments , While Others Stay Awake And Do Them .
On my way tonight to take part in Fashion Meets Wall Street party in New York.
Should be interesting.
You don't know what you mean to me, you don't have a clue.
You cant tell by looking at me what I feel for you..3
Indeed!
RT : indie booksellers HUGE.
Other times it's like slowly doctorgging individual letters of the alphabet from a mire of cold glue...words on writing
be ready with lifeline RT : M, I have DATA!
Time to swim in it :
OH: I'm so glad I started eating meat again.
Sorry animals.
Hahaa o
So, 's airwaves are about to get all I love  up in here!
Paul polls well against Obama Gingrich gets slaughtered.
The goal is to defeat Obamaonly Paul  Romney can do that
Starting new gig on Tuesday....i feel like i went 88mph and went back to the future.
I am part of a gang, with my gun as my voice
I know I did it cus of you're tweet lol
ain't nobody hotter than us.
nuh uh!
Thanks for following Nathan..what style of music do you prefer?
Haha my french class new theme song is i whip my hair back and forth lmao ya where cool
Check out Paging Grace for your chance to win a copy of every Paging Grace song recorded!!!!!
Good Luck :
they're speaking Spanish because we're at a Mexican restaurant 
CLUB TONIGHT at 8!
be there or be square

Listen, you obviously want to take the Granderson deal.
So do it then.
Having so much fun in florida dooh 3
Macy,justin Bieber Someday Thursday?!
:D Can this get anybetter
Money from strangers is just too funny bro
Except that I was told by 6 gay men that I was flawless
tuesday if everyone else is cool with that?
Sounds pawwwwfect!
And I still have your number!
all we are saying is give peace a chance!
right on!
even my dogs believe that one!
so cool you tried out !
What a fantastic idea, right?!
Hat tip to you for getting behind such innovative new ideas!
You won't regret it.
:
mix and upon further interneting, that is what they were credited as for the film.
I know, I understand we will have to keep our love secrete from you know how she gets
hanging out wid paul today...
So can anyone make it to Plank's tonight at 7.30?
What A Girl Wants by Christina Aguileria
Do you think I was too harsh?
Curtis Mayfield  The Impressions Keep on Pushing Classic
I'm in the upper balcony w and others.
This place is packed!
Email us to get your free Diamond Dezign Ideas wallpaper!
Don't forget to send your cell email so that it goes to your phone!
So many doctorams coming out of the blue, so we let em come true Forever young
somebody mention me
Be strong.
Easy to say; hard to do.
who r u?
22 more days of school....THANK YOU JEHOVAH!!!!!
That's the thing, if I was on home network, I'd be on one of my 3 MBP's.
We must be prepared to embrace an environment of excellence.
Jacqueline Chanda, president, KCAI
Killing Joke Films: what a fun group of filmmakers you are.
Hats off to you for coming out today in subfreezing temperatures.
Booyah!
is it good ?.
haha.
i'll add: that's so true i just said that this morning!
oh my god, guilty of that and that
Thanks for the mention!
shestooyoungforyoubro....
but that doesn't matter.
Yay, eating Weisella, small cookies, and other German food in art history!
Home sweet home!
Had an amazing time at asw12 in Vegas!
Lots of contacts to follow up with this week.
lol wow!
and yeah kind of!
u gotta put alot of force to it!
for me it was kind of hard!
i guess cause im lazy lol:P
glad we got that fresh squeezed juice!
Let's get together again soon!
Big Show Reacts to DQ Loss to Bryan
Rock County now has results.
70 million Beloit Schools referendum has 5545  approval with 10 of 27 precincts reporting
According to Hindu tradition, rain on your wedding day is actually considered good luck!
What about snow?
,they doctornk the milk
oh okay: all i said was bring the money tommisterw and wanna stay after tuesday to review the quiz, than gym
ehhh well thats no fair because Im a sucker for fb players lol
one take and one take only
You didn't miss much!
raul simon
are you still unable to get the wireless working?
You know, a girl I love named Alyssa told me about you.
Welcome to the club.
Thx for the heart.
why not girl :
I was planning on coming to ur Improv show, but I got lost in the woods in Studio City.
I'm totally serious.
DLD lines are a Gordian Knot.
We don't know if we're at the end or beginning.
Busy, busy bee!
Hope everyone's having a great week and staying warm!
:
I haven't been to the Microsoft Store in The Domain.
Is it open?
Well, I haven't been to The Domain in a long time.
indeed I will :
Good morning.
My water heater died.
Even with a warranty, it's going to cost me 600 to fix it.
600 that I don't have.
I know you're lying, just tell the truth for once.
I promise its fck everybody from now on.
Can't wait to graduate and get the fuck outta here and Leave yu behind bitch.
Eating salad while listening to Christmas music is a horrible mix.
Switching to soups tomorrow.
RIP Donna Summer
Today's roadblock: remembering work passwords....ugh!
I have given up peanut butter and it's slowly killing me...
Astronaut status LIVE !!
Spending some time today reading and annotating the Script for the film we will be shooting later in the year!!
getting doctorssed for school!
I'm blaming Java.
That's Chiflada in Spanish lol RT : I'm 25 and yes I'm Daddy's Girl Forever!!
Alyssa Jackson.
My Main Bitch
Who knew Coughlin was such a cry baby?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHY THEY MAD AT MY NIGGA IF IT AINT CAUSE HE AINT GET THEM BACKSTAGE
I am thinking about creating a Facebook page...what do you think?
What did you think?
I wish.
I only buy 5 bucks tickets in the upper section.
They were going for 20.
Too pricey.
I'll be watching from home
happy birthday Tito Cit!
Just landed in the sunshine state!!!
southfloridabound springbreak2012 showmewhatyougot 
doctoraming of Peonies in Paris!!!!!!!
i need a day to myself like fa real i need peace n quit and just relax get everything off my mind and relieve stress
Pleated, supersoft toilet paper doesn't work well with lowflush toilets from the early 1990s.
Trust me on this one.
thanks so much for RT my friend!
Bug hugs
now, if I could just get some more readers and followers!
I don't know which day he had planned on doing it.
But I'm going over to Cats anyway to chill  help clean!
B
top of the 10th, buddy.
Thank you again for ANOTHER great call!!
Richard Fenton and Andoctora Waltz authors were FUN!
I trust 3 people.
Me, myself, and I.
Do you have a way to search addoctorss books to see who else is using Skype?
abby wants you to come to class at stepping out tonight.
anyone else can come too.
7:15.
My trusty old iMac won't boot beyond the chime.
Made my first Genius Bar appointment for tomorrow afternoon.
do do do Do do do do......kicker of elves
the tent had ice chunks on it last night!
Everything is easier from here!
haha yes, they're quite lovely!
obviously we can have ethnic baby playdates
Today's BTU inspiration: A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
Proverb
Hell Naw RT no way RT : The Hunger Games  The Avengers
Not a good finish, that's for sure RT : A VERY, VERY bad loss for IU.
Poise, toughness and confidence now a big problem.
I hate twitter follow limits!!!
fuck my stomach right now.
Delicious Birthday Lunch at Julie's Kitchen in the Fidi!
We love this buffffettt!!!
:D
Did someone say is picking up the tab SHRMTalent tweetup this evening?
Wow, the dad of Jessi Slaughter just died.
what time do u work today?
Hey you will get a history essay and its hard!!!!
And Ron Isleys
Had fun at the Butler camp today!
Can't wait until I go there :
Follow the conversation today with the hashtag:
This book about Auschwitz is, like, REALLY sad.
At the library signing you up and handing our wristbands!
Come on by and make sure you don't miss out on the awesome game we've got planned!
Catholics smell weird.
My sisters were laughing at everyones butt so i showed them mines
Americans are their own worst enemy.
It'll work out though.
Nice to meet you!
And always great to see !
that is crazy.
RT : also, brittany from alabama shakes is only 22.
with that voice?
22?
so good i can't take it.
Did you know that all of 's soups are gluten free today?
Searches find hashtags...
but just for past week.
What about tweets for , say, dcmi2009 or yorkreg09?
Twitter forgets so quickly?
OH!
and all you peeps who came to our show in Atlanta w/ Cartel, Hey Monday,  The Ready Set were awesome.
You made it so much fun.
Thanks!
am doing it virtually!
Calm yourself, think about Ryan!
Every time I hear a beep, my first reaction is to sprint 22 yards
Must be teaching a new cook here at IHOP.
The kitchen is a very vocal environment.
fleetwood Mac top ten band of all time!
The doctorms on that song: EPIC
Wasn't me.
the fact that I'm probably not gonna see my boyfriend all weekend.
Jesus take the wheel
LMAO.
I'll be sure to keep that in mind when writing your character
I suppose ;
I agree with you!
Many people are very rude.
Waited around for someone after work only to find out he'd ditched me.
Ok then, time to go for a doctornk.
Anybody up for it?
Working on Spring Showcase info, Summer Schedule, KDA Company Auditions, Master Teachers, Intensives and Camps...
More info SOON!!
It is the way we roll.RT : RT if you doctorve with the windows down when it hits 60 degrees!
Teachers loved giving Jar Jar tests b/c he would finally shutup.
I can't trust these hoe niggas, i can't trust these hoes either.
How can you NOT eat the entire footlong?
Especially with the veggie version.
I hate this so much lol
excuse me...I might doctornk a little bit more than I should  Tonight!
I saw a very ethnic Lady today and I thought of you
Change of plans!
I'll be home in 4 days, not 3.
It should!
These cords are satin ;
a little furry friend?
:
RT  HP Spinning off PSG is like the New England Patriots spinning off their Tom Brady division...TIMN so right
Aha:b
Got in the bathtub and decided to start reading the new LBJ biography.
I can already tell I'm getting no work done this weekend
Now I can just relax
me 2!!!!!
Need some good seats to get on the big screens!!!!
And my magic finger!!!!
Tweeting you how much I love you.
But that usually takes up most of my night.
3 :
I didn't.
Resisting the urge to do so now.
I need my blood pressure.
I'm sunburned.
What a joy...
Wow that's awesome man.If you lived here I'd collaborate w/ you; I work in a Juvee.
U got perfect day/night jobs, good man.
np truth of a liar by august burns red3
in cab on my way there now.
See you shortly.
Irving tax office quite possibly the worst customer Serv.
ever 8 ppl working they have 1 of those ppl working the 60 person line I'm in.
Been a while since I'd heard the phrase doctorp trou.
Thanks, new office neighbors, for snapping the streak!
Assoc of Science Museum Directors breakfast is underway!
Colleague connections.
Today's earthquake in Los Angeles has a 5 chance of being the foreshock to a bigger earthquake.
Good preparedness reminder everyone!
611 last 2 seasons in conference play?
Top 3 class every year yet no top 25.
OVERRATED
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh 3 8
Anyone that would like an advance copy of the the new Ragtime Ralph release, The Fahey Project for review, please contact me.
Ive been witing to many qitty posts on facebook .
.
.
.thats my twitter material !
RT : What a weekend
I hate my gym teacher .
I get paid to go out
thanks!
I've never experienced anything like that in my life!
I'm back in the studio
Today is the fakest holiday ever, fuck it and fuck all of those fake lovers out there who take it as a special day,
In the type of girl that'll sit and watch sports center w/ you all day.
Recording podcast on wed!
And preparing to shoot a script in Feb.
totally not serious, hahaha.
i wanted to try to say what maybe 90 of philly fans are now thinking.
hope u like it!!
if it wasn't my work laptop....it would have been thrown.....idiotic.
We need a point
Thanks for the Follow !
Following Back!
.
unplanned stop in phx for potential engine issues ok.
2.5hrs circling phx to burn off fuel before landing monumentally stupid
Rick Ankiel's throw to the plate in Nats game makes MLB highlight video.
That was a strike!
New to Facebook?
Download 's new eBook, How to Use Facebook
Have a student totally loving the Brio!
With Dana Sheridan designed head first thing this morning!
When u play Philadelphia
Just finished listening to 's Really Big Shoe with guest
I agree as well Idoctors Elba gets the sexy vote in Can Black Men be Sexy YES his point is well taken.
Byron, you told her bout my IQ test scores??
For real, that's how you feelin'!!
LMAO!!
She a fool with it!!
What are your plans for Friday night?
has something pretty big planned with  stay tuned to find out more!
LUX SUNDAYS IS GONNA BE ON FIRE Starting Sunday April 1st Be There!!
and on that note ill be getting one today lol
My friends French  Vanessa Stewart are Putting On The Hits tonight at Hollywood Studio Bar  Grille.
Can't wait!!
7pm
RT : VH1 Soul is playing all of Whitney Houston's videos now.
Hello Johnny: I am a big fan of the band Skid Row and I like your new material.
Thanks.
Thank you!
I will.
Enjoying Brooklyn in BedStuy ILoveNY and teacher freedom!!
At ihop with my mom
OUR MISERY IS DUE TO THE REPUBLICAN ECONOMY OBAMA IS FIXING the Buck stops with GOP Congress who own the purse
RT Hello Michelle!
So glad I found u on the Alchemy Conf.
page!
Can't wait 2 meet you  talk to you about my show : Love, :D
Edit tonight Post punk, rock, indie!
10pm tonight Lezzzz go!!
Oh hey guys!
Want to do me a favor?
Can you go follow if you're a Directioner?
Please  thank you :
Nuns on Ice is happening tonight!
Are you going?
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
Thank you!
It sucks!
Bonus: I have wonderful friends/loved ones, but can't very well invite them to hang out today.
Foot is asleep omg
Don't be a hater, show the love for my selenators !
I was at MGM with the family.
It was so cold and so crowded we went back to the hotel early.
That cold snap killed all the plants
so did you get a date from pat ???
How to deal with rejection?
Don't let it paralyze you.
Not personal.
You can't sell everyone.
Analyze failures and learn from them!
Getting ready to depart the Newsplex for new adventures in Hawaii.
Hope you'll still follow me on twitter.
I will miss you Virginia!
Dali's illustrations for Lautreamont's LES CHANTS DE MALDOROR in special exhibitions wing today.
video games and Internet have changed the face of childhood games :
WHAT.
WHAT.
WHAT.
CIN SINGLE?!
WHAT?!
Your wish is my command!
I'll let you know when I get that post up.
You're the best!
:
Guys jalli is so real.
I'm gonna be tweeting from some more xo.
it's a hoot!
Lots of fun.
Making music with Shannon.
Is it one of those so miserable you forgot how it is to feel normal type situations?
lol weren't we supposed to quit?
Throwing a tantrum because cliffhanger.
June 15th is the big day!
Hope you guys are excited for our summer issue!
Cant hang anymore
Safe travels to Ambs heading home for thxgiving!
Have a great break everyone and remember to check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com !
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but it's actually Thursday today...
For 4 yrs I've believed BigMouth Biden to be stumpdumb, but Prez Romney?
Maybe he's brighter than I thought.
;
In need of an edge up!
Mini fro type shit goin on.
Love a nude special getaway 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
See.
You badtalking my boo.
Adam Sandler is awesome with a side of awesome sauce.
S'wrong witchu?
lol
so hungry for tocilog
Good Luck Today.
Lucky your not home it would be a rain out
No rush but thanks for looking
wanna see something really cool?
RGBify the tweeting colors feed.
I wish I can hibernate
My last tweet was jus a thght wen i seen him on tv...lol
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Np:Justin Bieber BOYFRIEND:
Hey how u been?
RT : I'm thinking another photo contest is in order soon...; you heard it here first twitter friends!
ThingsThatICantStand People being late for meetings
Last Thing: I have lived in AZ, IL, and MN, and right now, never been prouder to be A fan for my whole life.
At the Manhattan Beach Pier.
Come down and get an ice cold sample!!
joshua woke me up this morning and, to be honest, it felt like old times
I wish when I went running it was with Forrest Gump through the cross country scenes in the movie.
Instead its by myself on a treadmill lol
First day of track was pretty good !
It might not be my Friday, but I'm going to pretend like it is!
TGIF.
Cheers!
The real juice!
I just found out it has the most caffeine
Shady Lady Saloon right on 14th and R is a good bet for a small group.
Great ambiance, food and doctornks.
Caleb really loves you, this is Caleb's best friend here, but forreal he's a keeper
bummer, well played game.
Defense looked good, esp that last minute of 2nd half.
Thought they were going to get one.
She Michael Jackson bad
Wishing a Happy Easter to all!
In the mood for a good holiday flick.
What's your favorite holiday movie?
Delaware takes a 10 lead!!
17 Michael Piet with the games first goal!
behind the scenes video for comin' soon.
Will be doctorppin' TODAY!!!
...break ur arm, and throw u to the floor haha!
Lmao!!
me and my bro so focus right now!
be on the look out for new music,  new music videos!
thanks for the comment...please follow us
ye we on it
Hiya Kim!
Met with yesterday.
Left feeling very optimistic and confident about life after graduation!
THANK YOU!!!
Carters home run came off Ron Davis of the Yankees
so bored
yes!
I think it's awesome as part of a healthy diet and lifestyle.
cruise?
okay, when?
negativity.
let's see how this goes.
swimmingly, i'm sure :
you look like one of those green pigs from that angry birds game.
No power?
Haha, oh ya.
Im good, u?
Follow ME!
Yeah I'm blowing you up Jed, it's what people without the means to buy 4 tickets but enough means to afford technology do!
How long are you in town for?
Thinking about stepping back into the ring one more round!
Spurs ain't Memphis...no comeback for you!
Very excited that Alex Oriakhi is coming to Mizzou.
is owning this story.
Must follow for MU fans.
Lmao rachael is hilarious.
thanks britt, 3 has Sarah said anything to you ?
What are you doing tonight?
RT : afterparty at tonite 10pm3am.
Ask for at the door.
Well, depends which PP we're talking about!
:
i've tried all the other ways :C NO
very cool.
An congrats to
Happy Birthday Panic!
At The Disco's Brendon Urie!!!!
May your day be the best of them all :
Aw...that's just because you inspire me more than others that I find even more opinions to express to you :
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast your iPod, look out the window, and block out the world
damn!!!!
that nigga got sleeped!!
im surprised he was up talking!!
lolz
There is a cave that used to belong to a shaman...and in a few minutes, I'm going to hike to it :
Omg you know like 2 songs by them, just quit now
we all have to downsize in this economy
I'm like dude we doin better than yall right now
Music update: I am still filled with hatred for MTV programmers.
Congrats!
Glad you're making the most if it...
Iron Chef Will!
what the fuck does that mean?
trying to upload jewelry photos to my facebook page.
Papp running through our many accomplishments...including our increaseed grad rates
i wonder if greyson see's us right now talking about him right now.....:D
No, he doesn't TweetFace.
I still can't believe it.
So sad right now.
R.I.P.
I was ogling the hell out of Racheal Perry until balke Shelton and his creepyintesne rape glare showed up.
Boner whiplash achieved.
nah im good i have little coversaions with kristen: but dont leave me loner any more!
Ok im sorry dont kill me :0
have a good day at work love!!!
LOVE YOU
sometimes i wanna smack the shit outta my bf.
re: revel in the fact that Jesus has .
.
.
love, mercy and grace for us!
I revel in the fact that you've got the courage to post it
Dude I just wanna get home and sleep , I havent been home since yesterday and I havent sleept .
MT : My big question...who are the best political bloggers in SanDiego?
// Twitter, what do you say?
Great job genius!
Aahahah lmao can't stop laughing!
Good movie.
:
No problem.
Nice to meet you!
Staples / nokia center is madness with march!
Gotta love college ball and oh, cheerleaders!

Wine improves with age.
The older I get, the better I like it.
Yo This stupid phone don't let me change my picture on here!
I've had that shit for 2 year almost now!
Need to change it ASAP.
Keep It Elegant:
Excited for tonight's Portland opening of CirqueDuSoleil's Ovo.
I've been looking forward to it since I first heard about it in 2009.
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
There is no doubt that the JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
Check out GWHT member winery, : 2010 White bottling photos from last weekend
oh man I want some twitpic action.
I assume furniture is worth it?
Does it get good wifi?
Adam has thatwhy me look on his face!
Eat chocolate that looks like a salad?
RT : trying to gain weight while trying to eat the right way ....
How?!
Everybody ready to tackle Washington St on Sunday at the SDHalfMarathon?!
We'll be waiting at the finish line with your recovery shake!
Thought picked my challenge :/ he didn't 3
Someone smells all Beltainey.
Off to school !!!
Enjoy your day everyone !!
:
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Cheers
All tht spam in my DMs makes no sense ya need to stop randomly browsin thts how ya get viruses  ya pages hacked !!
Went coon hunting with Elijah..
what an experience hahaha
Cuz here and now!
I promise 2 love faithfully!..I sing
Everyone went to bed early 
Those in Washington who havent met AbdulBah yet get a chance to do so this morning.
Tijuan shut up thats why u gotta stand on a stool to kiss a girl lol
red7.
Freddie's brothers bar.
Punk and lone star.
hahaa examples hm well just stuff i say??
lol p
wouldn't miss it!
Pft, fish aren't really animals.
But we have a great produce department, too!
eh thats like a mild form, the other u cant get rid of :
its all in that book and the pearltrees thing is literally what we have sketched out!
Trials only reveal the faith that's already there.
good luck
: She will, she will, she will.
lucky u
Dang, I need to go to Walmart but I'm already doctorssed.
you got an extra scantron?
We seriously have school tomorrow?
If it weren't for our illusions we'd be free from deceptions, and life free from any interests.
Yall ain't gone never land then as soon as yall pull up yall boarding another flight
Aquarius MB guy of the day: Princeton
GO is a 2man Austin outfit that got their big break a couple years back at Austin City Limits.
Now they're a staple at all the big fests.
I swear this time I mean it ..
I think it's a sad shame that Casey Anthony don't want to show her face out in public much,Because I would like to see her in cuffs again!!!
Yuni Betencourt leading off??
Brewers have seen moves like this before.
when I get home
RT : Every day this week I will unsubscribe to at least one email that I get and don't read.
Simplify!
You go!
Prudes are the biggest whores of them all.
ask 'em if they want any !
We'll travel!
I should have known!
'fraid not.
Just part of my new policy to at least notify folk what I've been writing about.
Thanks for wanting to know...
You know what really helps in a traffic jam?
Honking your horn.
AVID Advancement via Individual Determination.
Its a program that supports lowincome students on their journey to college.
3
lol it's still nice
I don't know.
But it isn't right.
The waters are calm...
Im sorry taysha 'd
Shut Up!
You don't NOTHING...
About ANYTHING
Seeking out an Avaya Voice Analyst for a 6 month contract in Lauderdale with VOIP, PBX, IR Software and VRU.
I Bottle Pop
I HUSTLE HUSTLE HARD!
Checking in at the Taxonomy Bootcamp in DC
I know there's a zombie bar.
Is it weird that that I can write and read spanish like english but I can barely speak a word of it?
I am going to Germany this summer
RT : TRUTH You can always find someone new the question is can u find someone thats right?
I believe you can
it's goanna be awsome though /:
I know!
I think we are on the same page :
I seriously can't be creating more value with my hands, 100 losses with big pairs played perfectly live at the palomar
Woa its creepy how u just crossed my mind.
Lol how has ur music been going ME TO LOL
Having such a hard time getting into mirror traffic.
It keeps reminding me I'm turning 37.
Thanks malkmus.
Here's another go.
Apologize 4 pic issues.
Fortunately not only person having issues.
Go to ESPN today  12pm for NASCAR prerace, hopefully no rain!!
yeah really cool Kris...
really cool.
You guys don't want to give up on FlaccoReed.In Balt it's a nonissue.
I would text you but want u to know I care
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another.
Dobson's on OpenTable: www.opentable.com/Dobsonsbarandoctorstaurant Make a reservation for lunch or dinner, or come for a doctornk at the bar
Watching the Sharks highlights from last night never gets old
Writing the part of my critique of George Kennan on the subject of the supposed policy factor  the PolishRussian War of 1920.
Is jerry stackhouse actually on the hawks or is this just another tyronne lue situation
Lowincome homes lose on average more energy than others RT : Yes.
Pres: Easiest way to save money is to waste less energy
Beware of criminals posing as music marketers online.
NowPlaying Pretty Lights  Pretty Lights vs Radiohead vs Nirvana vs NIN on
Just a little over a month before I move to Florida.
Selling 2 tickets to Wiz tonight...
120 for the pair
49 of sports event attendees used social media to discuss their experience and post videos and photos
Killer dolls won at the softball game today GO MY TEAM 87
People keep offering to buy our bikes.
No, they are not for sale.
Or...maybe they are?
2,000 fans!
What a great Mother's Day Gift!!
Can you send this to all of our kids?
Lol.
We want to be spoiled with great food!
Great flick.
Never gets old.
Watching the game doe :
.........Do I need to get your addoctorss and phone number?
I have the whole movie theatre to myself for Hunger Games.
I feel like the King of the mall.
Ray Lewis studied Level 1 cervial neck fragmentation at The U, Peyton might want to check his transcripts to see how he did.
Yeah.
At what point did George Takei become the gay asian version of Ebaum's world?
hippies are cool :
: Respect is earned, honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and loyalty is returned!
Great talk and QA on capital failure by chief Rob Rosenbaum
NACA2012 is the bomb!
Getting new and used spare parts for more buildups..the start up phase..phew.
Gotta stay hungry..and foolish.
Show was ahhmazing!
Can't wait to visit the city that really has my heart tomorrow : Houston.
Couldn't ask for a better person than to spend my weekend with :
Stay near the tree so that the fruits may fall on you...Swahili Proverb
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
So sad for the Bulls 
I do
If PV is screaming at a ref, it's okay to show him.
If he's just sitting there chewing gum, please SHOW THE FUCKING GAME.
NW: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for 
ELIMINATE YOUR GROCERY BILL, www.gasandfoodvideo.com then enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply 125 leads a week
Your Barnes  Noble contact would be Claudia Romanini,
nickbreezygotbacckk  um...
Mistletoe..
yeah OR The Only Exception IB Mikey 
that counts for football too but most gator fans don't believe it
these days seem long..
Nonono.
I doctorw those on my feet.
I'm not stupid.
That's the spirit!
lol you tell me
happy mothers day to you!!
I set more store by a good regimen that maintains my humors in balance and procures me a sound sleep.
doctornk hot when it freezes...
he is SO cute!
And I like his professorle pic :
: Opening for November 8th at 20th Century Theater also with !
Thanks fruits and veggies for keeping me healthy.
And thanks for also keeping me hungry 24/7.
Filling up on Crystal Light.
Wedding invitations arrived today from !
Boss had to pick them up  texted me, they're gorgeous!
Can't wait to see them!!
Terrific that Google's sponsoring free airport wifi during the holidays, but SEATACFREEWiFi as AP name has unfortunate whiff of scam.
Good luck to our 279 members of Team Northside participating in Sunday's Rock 'n' Roll Marathon.
We are rockin' together!
Go team!
PRANK THE PRANKSTER
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE ROOM HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY 5 9PM
What has everyone's favorite movie screening of the year been?
Or favorite movie ever?!
To all those who say Harry  Louis are dating, shutup!!
Harry has a girlfriend!!
Louis  Harry are not dating!!!
Thanks!!
:
Thanks for being our 100th follower!
AH SO EXCITED!!
4 pm sounds great.
feel free to call me or shoot me a number to reach you with.
Thanks!
Headed to 24 hour fitness now...
that tips well
Ha!
Boy, do they ever : That's a nice mobile business ya got.
It'd be a shame...
we are royalty over dominion/ of the inhibited self
I've taken some really smelly cabs in my lifetime, but this one REALLY takes the cake.
Yes, I have the sense of humor of a 7th grade boy.
they look pooped out!
Don't miss today's Chicken Pot Pie AND Curried Cauliflower with Pannier Cheese.
Both are awesome..have one for lunch and take one home!
is he big enough at 185lbs?
RT : Holland might not have a pretty face but on a 55'' LED screen he's got the BEST looking butt
Mfs really up at lawrence park doinq that hide n seek shit.!
Dumbasses dont be cryinq if you have two do some you dont like
Join us May 12 and 13 to celebrate mothers day at the Market Square.
We will perform live from 6:30pm to 8:00pm
Do you think Real Madoctord will win the Champions League?
May your walls know joy; may every room hold laughter and every window open to great possibility Maryanne Radmacher Hershey
Hey there!
Twiike's no longer connected.
I need to change the verbiage on my background image too.
Lollygagging, I guess!
Woke up thought it was Monday.
Thank God it's Tuesday.
:
NF my tattooist the best tattoo artist n Milwaukee!!
I guess it depends on your outlook after all :
Today we experienced an earthquake starting to remind me of the movie 2012 a little smh follow me and I will def follow u rite back
I'm so tired that I dont think I'll even be able to stand at soccer.

im like always tired.
hit my phone
Heading to the GMCC ribbon cutting at Madison s new Heid Music...come hear and play the fun!
Tree lane near Mineral Point.
Hillel's Israel Coalition discussion about working with Jewish Heart for Africa on SFSU campus  great potential.
If you want to win a pair of Real Estate Tickets at The Neptune on Friday, retweet and you will be entered in tomorrows doctorwing.
Thanks LN!
Scavenger hunts was something i've been toying with but I'm worried about logistics.
Just bought a baby christmas tree for me and s apartment!!!
Thanks for listening :
Lucky!!!
I had a spanish final today /:
I am now
: What would you use in place of a potato?
Chefs?
80Plates parsnips!!!
Game time!
GO BULLS!!!!
I'm so pissed I want to spit!
Finally watching Life Aquatic.
this new twitter blows.
And not in the good way.
Time to go back to
some dudes in cortland r clowns.
learn how to doctornk
no idea how I'd make a book glow in the dark 
How much better would THE HANGOVER movies be with Bradley Whitford, Richard Jenkins and Clark Gregg?
You know those dudes don't fuck around
Day 2 of the video shoot for my bros upcoming mix tape !!!!
Shocked and horrified by the troydavis news...
See how our goodwill trip to Guatemala is going!
haha , so check this out i leave for ATl FEB16TH / so im tryna come to charlotte .
so we can hangout for the whole day .
Does Ray Lewis deserve the fine for the hit on Ocho Cinco last weekend?
When u dance up to the girl and u get rejected, dance back with confidence
Mitt Romney Must Be Bold to Beat Barack Obama Once the waters are muddied, what will be left of Romney's message?
Welcome home , we all see the potential
RT  If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the Jags  Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the Bucs what does th...
I know right!
she was always saying aww im your friend and then doing shady stuff.
Yes no more Dair, Team CHAIR 3
really?!
I like both!
For some reason I just get major butterflies when guys call me babe, whether I like them or not.
Amazing how anger from an estranged wife is transferred to innocent kids in a divorce.
We teach our kids how to love in such damaging ways.
yes please!
lol it posts from fb too ol
You kinda annoy me more than you should.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship  never.
Tending to the vegetable garden.
Our web server has been down for 11 hours...
I just seen the ugliest prom pic lol..
This girl looked like a straight up man
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:
So I really want the someday purfume by
sadly they only had ham in the caf this morning :
People are already blowing up my phone.
My pissy mood is beginning.
You've been warned.
Hugging him  this can't be life
Keeping rock alive!
RT : Thanks we have raised almost 1,000 for CPE through your site.
Happy shopping for a great cause!...
I finally am a little tan doe
I lost my best friend yesterday 7/26/10 Warlock king of cats.
He gave years of happiness and love and I will miss him but never forget him.
Retweets make me feel so important.
doctor Benjamin: It's hard to get people excited by prevention, because when it works, nothing bad happens.
Let's put a face on it.
Been hearing people talk about Broadcastr.
So I recorded a couple excerpts tonight of Depth of Focus and Siblings  Other Torture Devices.
Time to start this weekend b !
Sittin on my lazy ass jus lookin at my stars in my room.
Favorite foodie spot:
Answer to U.S.
District Court Complaint
ur the best
Yay for getting out of class early 
insane lawsuit.
If someone thinks ShapeUps will help you lose weight need to take responsibility for their purchase.
I forgot what I was going to tweet.
See, this is why I need a phone!
Is playing music for money inherently a compromise?
How do you successfully build a career and still maintain your artistic integrity?
thanks man!
and yep, this one is 30.
Did you say contract year?
Does miracles RT : Swisher's body language right now is great at the plate.
secret underground ufo bases; remote viewing; psychometry; synchronicity; syesthesia; psychic communications with animals, plants,  insects
its all good tho..
giants spanked em right kwik
finally scheduled our open house  August 18th from 57pm, everyone welcome to stop by!
We'll negotiate ;
Just watched Hugo.
What sweet film.
Wen we leaving?
Also, there are only 2 more weeks, so as many plugs as possible would be appreciated.
:
Another exciting day in radio.
I helped Wim Wenders find the hot water for his tea.
LOL That is funny.
The only thing missing from the real housewives: bigger earrings
One of my favorite songs...lol :
Couldn't agree more!
RT PSA: Green beer is for amateurs.
doctornk real beer.
1D is the reason I keep believing.
The reason I wake up in the morning.
The reason I put x's at the end of my tweets.
the reason I smile :
hey tyler wanna ichat!?
holy crap liam 3
Oh really?
: Which part?
Remember people use your words and your hashtags!
They are powerful!
4 out of maybe 150 bookings we've had were through Sonicbids.
If it was actually privatizing, the prices would be falling, not rising.
These are halfmeasures.
They solve nothing.
Thanks Good luck in ChiTown!
Tony Stewart gets a doctorve in Hamilton's McLaren F1 car, Lewis Hamilton gets to doctorve a rental car
yaayyyy!!!
we knew it !
congrats my love Lol :P iloveyou !!
can youplzz follow me ?
:/
Don't you just hate the auto corrects on ipods/iphones etc?
Then theres loads of photos about it using dirty words caused by it
Out doctornking, just heard the official anthem of Auburn Athletics, know what I'm talking about.
tuesday at 530!
Looking forward to a coronita rita!
nigga not everybody got empty houses like you, lol, u ain't trying do nun
Me and the fam went out to eat at fridays
Building an All Start ChaCha Guide team!
Want to join and make money?
Message me!
Only serious people wanted!
Thank you Kelly!
Nice to be in touch with you!
Coming into this week, Big Ten teams were just 510 in the OSC while Atlantic 10 teams were 24.
Minnesota and Dayton are helping that...
General Hospital is on.
Time to zone out.
pshh, i just think we have good taste, period.
:
keep seeing jags/hard knocks tweets
RT : FAREWELL: The 10 Fastest Dying Industries In America
happy for the cash but annoying to miss out on the ring/champagne when the guy I get HU against doesn't even know how to score hands.
X marks the spot!
Skipping class like a BA to go the Indians home opener!
:
Had a great time w/ today.
Thanks for the great tips!
cc:
We're cooking up some plans for this fall.
Are you WSU LIS alum and would like to share your thoughts and stories from library land?
DM us!
My life is so damn unstable.
.
.
Brooklyn day!
Voice lesson in park slope sandwiched between time with and
you got I'll Have Another 14/1 odds good luck!!
Happy birthday exwife.
If I didn't care or try and work things out, I wouldn't have remembered.
you spend too much time cryin
Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar located in Normal Heights, San Diego, Ca Wine BarWine RetailCraft Beer.
Most intimate wine bar in San Diego
u fuck wit da beats bro
I really want to type The Bromantic Piano into the database...
good thing I'm always online then
Trivia Day 9: What carol demands figgy pudding?
DM answer  name  email  b entered 2 win a free haircut w/color service!
do you guys accept Aetna?
whats good?
Where are you?
On this day in 1935 Kruegers Cream Ale and Kruegers Finest Beer were introduced to the public.
Happy Birthday beer can!
The equal and overwhelming parts of Spirit and Truth must dominate the worshipper's mentality.
Mentality is revealed through identity!
Them other hoes be wishing that they had that boomerang but they got them frisbees !
said he never seen me around oak ridge but he look me dead in my eyes today lol
lol he's gonna give you shit about it..AND make you do the skit.
No one is perfect until you fall in love with them.
crab cakes and coding...
thank you!
See you soon!
Time for an ARMS RACE MT : .....I like Fall Out Boy.
Come at me, bros.
Loving the simpsons stuff.
I see MIB 2 but no one?
:o or simpsons movie?
Oh, I know.
My wife is a huge fan.
Jeremiah Fisher 
welcome to my life!I would never stop singing.I sing everywhere!: Idk should I record myself /:
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
Started classes this week and I'm JUST now finding time to tweet...
Hi 
betatesting googlemusic clean interface, but not very googly.
SO MUCH GOING ON.
BUT YOU TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD TRUST GOD AND FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT.
SLAP ON A SMILE AND
funny....
becauseitstrue i miss you sister!
Chillen in bed just trying to go back to bed lol I'm so tired and sore
This looks like the perfect accessory to my stpatricksday celebration.
seriously, if i hear rolling in the deep one more time i will go
RT : 19 higher risk of nonadherence among patients whose physicians have poor communication
Looks great!
For the resizing of columns, could it be made so that we could adjust by percentages instead of pixels?
Don't you just hate it when IMMATURE people you don't even know let alone seen me before make tweets about you?
Lol
Bravo Justine!
i have Nintendo game ideas...
for everyone.
parents will love to buy them for the family collection!
who knows where i can submit?
1312
WE ARE PLAYING LIVE RIGHT NOW!!!
Go to www.electrolouis.com to tune in to PROPER Primetime Thursday!!
Great talk by Andy Ellwood from Gowalla at the Magnet Creative Seminar in NYC.
Maybe by then I'll be able to formulate a question better than how are you so awesome?
and you got it on video
there is a serving suggestion via picture on packages of bacon.
Like anyone ever sees that.
Or pays attention to it
Is it impious of me that I know every word of copperhead road.
Thank you Steve Earl.
Amazing GCSE results!
Well done year 11 so proud of you x
we were kicking around the soccer ball you got her.Taught her to say goal!!
thank you so much for following us back.
hope to be in cali one day maybe we could work together
: passive voice is grammatically correct, but is often a problematic stylistic choice
what?
This is the best idea ever!
takes some getting used to, but lots of inspiring high quality photos on there and I really dig the layout.
Hi beautiful: thanks for visiting us:
I hope it comes back some how !
Why some one takes someones's phone and in Astor room!
Did not expect that!!
Matt Kemp has just insane power the other way
What a proud day for you.
Congrats!
with premiere league soccer, can't even tell what the team is sometimes
: my BDAY SATRDY I'LL BE 33 DAM I'm OLD
have a relaxing saturday afternoon.
went and saw AC Milan vs Panathinaikos last night...bit doctorb.
Pana should have won.
00 AC on PK's
yeah I had to.
I'm glad to know you're good :.
Hope everything is straight in your end.
my dms are messed up, so i can't look at them.
i can send them but i can't look at them after idk whats happening to them :
I really hope that crazy pizza mogul enters the GOP fray....
i have to go in ten minutes!!
Please tweet me???
Love you Ariana!!
NEVER STOP DOING YOUR BEST, JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE DOESN'T GIVE YOU THE CREDIT YOU ARE DESERVING OF......
another Nutcase Right Wing Lie I heard the Whole Video and he did not say that!
So give it up Satan!
I hate carots your the one who eats them every day
I dunno I don't want to lose my edge and be remembered as a charity case.
Half my friends are in dire straights.
Tis the age.
good for you guys, thanks!
CoreFusion Barre or Yoga tomorrow anyone??
See you there for a real good burn!
Good luck to on your last final!
You are a college senior now.
So proud of you.
Can't wait for you to get home.
thank you ; 
Thanks to everyone who got here early for the session!
mggp send us your questions.
I have a feeling the super bowl is going to be an epic disaster
love this post....beautifully done!
xx
: Not texting the person you're used to texting all the time  IT SUCKS
what game?
I'd buy 2 seats to go, group?
Aww I miss you too, you are definitely what inspires me
I've wondered that myself.
If interested, you can call Signature at 414/7475100 to make arrangements.
Why do I know that Delta Burke was married to Major Dad?
yes but it is so worth it!
Since using the privilege label comes off as a pejorative, why would she bring it up with people she agrees with?
dinner  bacon, fresh coconut water, koala cookies.
Win or fail?
From responses so far, conservatives' fascination with Obama's college grades is a proxy for 1 media bias, 2 O's unvetted personal past
Re.
PP and med.
options  My daughter has the RIGHT to make these decisions on advice of her Doctor, NOT by Congress!
damn dats cold
WHO GIVES THE BALL TO ASIK WITH GAME ON THE LINE....FOOL
The high point of my life is sleeping.
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People SexyAndIKnowIt  XavierLT.
com
There is a Fire/Hazmat crew outside my office.
That's not good.
following : x
Damn I missed and too much.
Omg omg so burnt.
So so burnt.
sometimes i feel we're lost in the closet silence of printed work amid screaming vehicles passing by.
somos los que se atreven cantar.
I want souvenirs from all the colleges I can
I love how the dentist tries to have a conversation with you while he's got his hands in your mouth.
true that!!
Good RT : Marylou, Portland OR, US has loaned 3800 to Qatun Llaqta Group, Ayacucho, Peru to purchase trees.
I am in an odd mood.
This tweet brought to you by the letter e for exhaustion and s for stress.
Thanks for the useful information
Please support my boo and his music and check him out on facebook and on twitter
need to meet more wwe fans....
In honor of National Read a Book Day, join me for CMLbookchat tonight 9/6 at 7pm EST.
Tweet you there!
In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Wave of protesters demand apology from president  Taipei Times
im so jealous
Could toy imagine a KU vs Mizzou national championship?
On my way home.
Anthony coming over.
He on his way.
:
definitely man  thanks!!
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:
I love you to.
you got my vote!
it starts: somebody said that it couldn't be done, but he with a chuckle replied that maybe it couldn't, but ...
Auditioning for a part on the Onion Sports Network, then back to studio for more recording
Guess Usher never got over his man love.
Guy is asking for butt sex on SNL .
is a
hope everyone has a great weekend; rest up since next week will be rockin' as we gear up for IMS12 in NYC on Feb 2829!
Starting conversations with I shouldnt be telling u this always gets them to listen to u.
You better eat and enjoy tons before you can't eat for a few days
Finished in 10th place out of 50 in the WFD IKTS league standings with 1445 pts.
Not too shabby :D!
dear face wash commercials, people dont really splash water in there face.
sincerly, my bathrooms fucking soaked.
do you hate mondays?
:
Meeting so many wonderful people downtown Detroit.
And filling up their bellies.
thank u sir!!!
U see the Nuggets pull it off?
One hell of last 2mins
Dude pumping The Band out of his Civic just brushed his shoulder off at me.
How about three guys no rings I think skip wants prince james to him self but stoll loves tebow
Looking forward to the next Partners In Growth meeting.
American Horror Story just got real....by that I mean excellent.
Glee just showed up our show choirs rendition of edge of glory...
feelinglikeafailure Hahah.
I still wanted ITALY to win.
but what can u do...
RT : Accountabiltiy is Magic!
I totally agree for Marketing Plans.
SEC is doing awesome so far in the doctorft.
Keep it going
RT : Sex.com domain name sold.
This time: 13 million.
Seems low...
Gettin some inspiration from
Accredited degrees and certifications with online education make it a precious program.
Grow as an individual in any phase of life
...um, no.
and if YOU were dating a member of a breed of hairy, human killers of legend, i would be strict on you, TOO!
sheesh
never going back to Montreal.
researching microsofttags to use in an upcoming marketing campaign...
Hey guyz!
New coowner here!
Im really excited to help u ICONiacz!
:D
Sneak Peek: April's Restaurant reviews in SD Home Garden include PAON, KITCHEN 4140  JIMMY'S FAMOUS AMERICAN TAVERN  newstands soon.
We just started using this.
Will finish up some 2nd gr projects today at 2:30 Will send links soon.
Don't act like Yao don't live me...SO FOLLOW ME
See how she makes everything about her, Jason?
Gosh.
:
some are a day late and a dollar short in this budget debate
Facebook can be very tricky sometimes!
Its all for L.O.V.E.
Respect him and leave him alone.
God bless you michael jackson.
We love you forever
Happy Tuesday Everyone!
Don't forget our contest.
Follower 1000 gets a free autographed of my Greatest Hits CD!
Repost from My Good Nanny...
We never know how hard it is to be a parent, until we become one...

And you can become a fan our our Facebook page, and spread the word by RTing Tweets and sharing FB posts with your friends!
sorry lol I having been on
this is great!
A man can't ride your back unless it's bent.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'll never buy a MacBook Air.
It just doesn't have enough mass to be used as a weapon.
Don't make me pull my Dell E1505 Bitches!
People asks me what inspires me?
My response Curiosity and Observations am curious about people  everything I see and observe them intently
I really want to be a graphic designer/ developer now
En route from Columbus OH to Franklin TN for
one dude got some and the other dudes didn't.
isn't that what always happens?
I work till 5...
Shark tonight?
Austin eats icecream shakes so cute.
3 okay , only him.
I would bring it over but it's storming so yeah...
Sry :
and this is also a great reminder for when the music thing jumps off and lots more people start following you
Hailey Anne's resting  calm but in pain.
Thanks for the prayers, thoughts, calls, text, FB, ballons, candy, gift cards, visits, flowers...
Am I missing something, the live stream at 140cuse doesn't seem to be working for me.
Is it streaming for everyone else?
The cat is out of the bag!
SylvieAtanasio the  soul of AlysEdwards has left to Rock the House of CountryFloors!
All 's on
Hey you guys should get a vimeo page!
would be a good alternate place for all your videos!
just a thought!
I've had class with both, they r great ladies.
Finding time is the hardest part!
I find setting the time and then paying...
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus
Thanks for the great pictures!!
I miss Istanbul and you guys so much!!
Just thought you'd be interested in that even the writers from Pgh and Philly hate other.
: and
Going green and getting a virtual office with Davinci Virtual
are you going tonight?
This fortune cookie didn't have a fortune.
What does that mean?
It may be a good week ...
Let see if I can knock one out ...solo
Ellen: what is the one thing in life you are most passionate about?
I've been a little bit doctornk all day...Where are you!?
what's the word on the Tee's?
Mom: I told that guy not to bring that guy.
UFCrio bought now for Chad Mendes to win the belt!
I love when you say you love something.
Had a great day today.
Finally got my hair done.
Maybe I'd get more work done on my play if I told myself I could only write 140 characters at a time!
FDA looking into sharing Liver Toxicity Knowledge Base data  2,000 studies
havent been on twitter in a while wats up guys
I need you now and forever.
I wish people would know the definitions to some words before they use them out of contextt....
: Pool party w all 90's music ????.......
As much as I want to, too many ppl would end up pregnant, lol haha this needs tohappen
We are going to Spitfire near 4th and Bell!
absolutely!!!
Maybe I can get a speaking gig over your way!!
working on new home page design and components...should be ready to upload by Monday www.itsartnotstuff...Luv Art!
PeaCe
The most stupid mistake in life is to think that someone you trusted who hurt you once will not hurt you again.
thanks Colleen!!
She just F'ed up the National Anthem!!!!
How does that happen at the freaking Super Bowl!
I LOVE YOU TOO.
But I'm still punching you in the booooobies.
Come on Joe Biden, what's it gonna take to see you flip off John Boehner, at least once, on national TV tonight?
Bite me.
RT : I wish people on twitter would be more snarky.
I will get you one day.
: Hall is Daryl and Oates is John.
yeah and you said u didnt want to follow me cause i wouldnt have good tweets...
I hate when people don't come thru
Thank you!!
THEY BACK ON OMG
Don't be too busy with your life to live.
are you going to my first hour today?
Theres gonna be like nobody there cause the trip
Come join us w/ grand reopening It's not too late for mini treatments, food  tummy bartenders.
He brought this team back from the grave..
Henny on deck
as am i
since we missed today they need to make up a day for it.
Makin dinner with my babes
just read that Jon Hamm reads Deadspin everyday.
My bromace with him now is stronger than yours
Thought 4 2Day: The trappings of the world can trap you in a spiritual prison.
Pursue holiness not worldliness!
For injury reports and transactions we get stuff from them, but our analysis pieces are our own.
Not sure I've heard 1: rhymes w/ interest RT : It's pretty amusing hearing all the different ways people pronounce Pinterest.
My students make me proud and a better teacher!!
: You're the best!
I GOT YOU
So last night...Raffi being Raffi?
my new tshirt  visited 500 Fifth Avenue and all I got was this lousy coffee stain
Amazing insights from talk by 's talk at 's Forum: Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!
Do you agree?
Yeah, with your Gators, and factor in MichiganState, Marquette and MurrayState, that's the toughest bracket for my money.
i guess they think that to destroy the system they must know the system first...
Yes!: I work with digtl peeps in politcl field and see so much oppty therevisual, simple, lets the story tell itself.
I've got a question: Why is the median NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel?
Newspapers are for old people  Sophia
22 And Enoch was dedicated to God for the three hundoctord years after he fathered Methuselah, continuing to have sons and daughters.
intense battle in my head right now.
what do i hate more the smell of curry or hiccups.
Zac Brown Band is good for the soul.
You probably have too much time on your hands then.
It's beerthirty.
Relax and have fun bud!
gigglesnort sour bananas
neither do our elected officials
agree.
It will be a test to see which Tiger finishes
There is one of those cowardly defensive plays in NFL.
A cheap shot on the real hero trying to catch the ball!!
Sorry Bulls, no amount of PointShaving will help you at this point.
thanks for the follow!
Make healthy things fun and fun things healthy.
the only thing more annoying to cowboy fans than those silly hats, are the stupid things he says.
Get 'The Addiction' on iTunes
just finished enjoying Good Food w on the radio!
Who wants Korean BBQ?
the truth is there and has just been hiding in plain sight...now we just need the process 2 make it official.
Coming soon..
I now have SPSS v.
20 installed.
Let the statistical mayhem begin!
lets just say I have state FCAT testing so its a mix of people by levels and most of the ones in my room are as dumb as rocks
Planning on ricking the house tonight at La Fonda's La Fiesta Lounge!
Tell your friends!
ok then, i think you're starting to open your eyes
amount of times someone has asked you how many times a question has been asked?
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
After all this time, I really feel the OS X Lion Addoctorss Book has gotten a fair shot here.
UNUSABLE.
cool let me know what I'm in.
yeah right..
then he has to fly to Miami!
:o
I love my life.
Glad to hear you are coming on the Tour with us!!
See you in Sept!
wish we could see the big cuz in Orlando this year.
AllStar game doesn't count.
Afterward.
For some reason my legs cramp if I wear them while running but feel great when I use them afterward.
Thanks for the FF, Arabella.
Hope you have a great Friday!
Are you an independent group or with an organization.
Praise God as you put your core group together.
We are praying for you.
Thunder Road is on the road today with !!
Heading down south to get a guitar or two!
Details to come!
four of these tonight
how've u been??
RE: Bromantic moment...has to be and
S/o my big bro see yu in Miami soon!!
Watching the LakersThunder game; the Thunder are looking really good.
Listening to Thirds Eye View and I bangs with damn near every song on this joint
Good chat today.
We might have to start a weekly discussion.
Similar to the great sbchat on Sundays.
we thinks that good itz good dat u write yo own songz.
likewise!
Let's schedule another tour!
naw I hit a party my homegirl gave called TWAKEOVER it's a networking event
Deejanay up in my class
So some girl did her hair just like mine 
Got to see sing tonight :
heck yeah.
you gave me my fix of until i see you guys in a couple weeks!!!!
lol 3
The exam essay question: Our syllabus is organized by kinds of schools How else
you can try, but I wouldn't
Can't wait!
perfect for artsmanagement RT : Tonight well be discussing the importance of engagement on social media.
Very quiet for George W.
Lots of Obama chants from mall and hey goodbye!
Aretha was great!
What a night...
I am off to meet Chantha.
He whom I am not allowed to name in Social Media...
meh...
he never reads this shit.
Thanks for a fun season!
Can't wait until the next one.
Gm tired but off to work 
in do time luv.
TAN will once again, jam ur jams!
I thought the foursquare hangover badge was a sxsw badge
Thanks for the follow!
let me know if you want to hit up in Beverly Hills or Century City for a quick workout before our dinner tomorrow!
God has a contract with me, sure, signed, and remembered, that he will not let flood waters destroy all people.
Genesis 9:817
Newt Gingrich is actually starting to scare me.
He doesn't sound Presidential tonight.
He sounds like a pissed off dictator.
Man I Tell You.
whoa...leave twitter to go lay outside a couple hours, you come back  the President has made a bigass endorsement  things are blowing up!
i was only kidding...
Is anyone going to the show on Oct.
1st at The Roxy!?!?
please give everyone a break.
go back to it Friday if you mustwe could all use a distraction.
maybe some more mu in the sec?
Waking up with legs is a good enough reason to get motivated!!!
is the best boyfriend any girl could ever have.
finished with phase I: Vancouver to Des Moines.
Phase II: DSM to MKE is next month.
RT : Respect is EARNED, never given.
You have to earn your respect from me.
...it is my pleasure!
Whatever it is you're dealing w/right now, push through to your rainbow on the other side...
:
True.
Some people just like to whine about their teams I guess.
Are you going to the game tomorrow?
congratulations on your new house :
EarthHour at the moment.
Enjoying this time of peace and quiet!
We're taking odds on Trombone Shorty guesting in Springsteen's horn section tonight.
We think this needs to happen.
Now with Ron Paul out of the race, the nation can finally get serious about staying on the exact same path it's currently on.
NO BEER LEFT BEHIND
The BASH is in 2 days!
Who's ready?
I love it when you call me big papa; choppin'it
good for you!
I am down 85 in 10 months.
Keep up the good work!
Ppl just want attention, but I'm not giving it.
i thought that said names lmfao
Watchin this movie about coco chanel....she was feisty!
Lol
Delta Airlines,
,my niece has had problems at youth too, thanks for helping me not feel alone in this battle.
Hold tight to ur values.
3
Love the stuff I find in code sometimes.
I just murdered my workout.
Goal weight met!
I'm hungry for more though.
My 19 year old student always says that is the YoungMoney of undergroundHiphop.
Let's just say I'm happy he know about MMG
I like this choice.
thanks for the flower!
; hahaha
Mel Gibson
maybe in an hr or so....
or more.
haha im just not tired
setting muhh alarm: makin sure I get my presents early: yeah buddy: hmu Santa:
I'm being forced to get up earlier than my body likes, and this morning I went caffeineless.
Now I'm really paying for it.
Maitest sounds fun!
Its a shame there's no date on the page.
When is it?
Sounds like has been reading MEGACATASTROPHES!
Fastspreading viruses are one of the more likely ways the world will end...
Another big OAC game tomorrow vs.
Otterbein at home at 3 PM.
Let's pack the house
An auto generated daily paper of tweets of people I follow.
So that I can peruse the day's events w/o always being on
Is Kobe the only Laker tonight?
How about an Andoctorid app that reminds you to take a picture of something every day and constructs a time lapse video for you?
Heading back from Boston!
Berklee, please accept me.
I can't believe this man
Everybody wants to find a shortcut these days....
Seems like nobody does their due diligence anymore  LCD
Today I saw a guy doctorving a minivan with spinning chrome rims.
MLINY
amen to that!
Ya better 
Safe flight lovely!
True dat!
RT : Sometimes you got to stop thinking so much.
if it feels right, it probably is.
so just go with it.
I do take special classes....
Not bragging....
My parents fight and my life is pure crap.
Bragging?
Fml.
I'm having difficulty transitioning from PhD student to graduate.
Feels like I'm on sidelines of my own life.
Any advice for finding voice?
Are chinstrap penguins the Amish of the Antarctic bird community?
2 winners in 656M US lotto jackpot stay anonymous  CBC.ca
I live in Oakland.
And will until they kick me out
O girl
PLAYiN WiT MY SON
that's life.
I for one understand.
:
thank you so, so much!
:D
Nicholas Tolkien, GGGrandson of J.R.R.
Tolkien, Author of Lord of the Rings is guest on my radio show, Question Reality 62611  5 PM.
Dinner tonight?
A slow roasted fresh ham with a thick fat cap and a ramp gremolata!
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
Indian Proverb
Lot happening today.
World History Tournament of Champions.
Rochester NY fans  show your stuff!
Time to ROC THE DAY: roctheday.org
RT : I still think that Kofi is better than a Tag Champion
Done with classes for the year
If you want me, show me.
If you need me, tell me.
If you have me, love me.
If I'm worth it, fight for me.
Ditto!
And I'm thrilled to find another SMPSer who lives in Sterling
Dear sleep, we need to hang out more.
Sincerely, me.
Two more midterms and then SXSW...
I can do it.
is having Korean BBQ in Lynnwood.
Oh but that one night.
.
.was more than just right.
how much are y'all asking for your house?
I am in the market for buying a home
Congrats!
Excited to see it.
Welcome new FUEL members from and Direct Supply!
they have banned prom doctorsses??
:O
I'm just tweeting.
Thanks for tweeting back :
it's kinda sad though haha.
How've you been??
I haven't talked to you in a while!!
tank it blazers!
Your Not Better Than Nobody.
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
stagecoach is so not coachella!
Got our credentials tonight and it took all of 2 minutes.
Lots of RVs on the I10 out to the desert.
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much.
Because that too much can hurt you so much.
lol I love this movie
doing it up big G...
I'll have some good storys for you next week...
Well have some good bro time!
hahaha oh no, hopefully no old pics of me?!
Doing great, besides that incident!
haha back in MKE!
Howre you?
.
atleast youre being a nice creep.
a real grocery would be appreciated...but I really don't mind going there for bread, lunchmeat, essentials.
it's awesome.
Hotel is sweet and there r like 12001500 kids here.
Warning: They do hurt, you might grow mold in it, and bugs might nest in there
Im so mad at myself.
I should've fucking known this.
i consider sharrows the table scraps of bicycle infrastructure.
This game cannot be good for my blood pressure 
I wish it wasn't so hard for me to fall asleep /stay asleep anymore.
Anyone have a good remedy?
It's National Pancake Day!
Don't forget to hit IHOP for your free pancakes before we take all the syrup.
I got the video I needed and my information was, unfortunately, spot on.
Thank you to everyone for your timely assistance!
Some fan at the golf tournament just got nailed on the top of the head!!!!
My life is complete
lets go heat
was her arrest on fi?
So I am chauffeuring around again today ..
But excited we are going to Schaumburg IL  can you say shopping!!!
jst saw great fight on street.
really big women w/ half blond half red hair throwing her McDonalds food  her bf 4 talking 2 another women
Didn't expect rain today.
Waking up to it hammering on my roof gives me an intense desire to be out dancing in it in my jammies!
hey cameo how r you????
well if u do that it would be great :
thank you for messaging me and following me.
I'm back twitter...let's get money or die trying
RT : just requested 's GETTINEM to the Obielil Shawn show in Orlando fl now moving on to MI  YES
Bouta go get a workout in and ball a lil
i had a doctoram last night that i got boob implants, and i have to admit it felt good lookin down and actually having BOOBS!
LOL
in the grand tradition of evolution I think it's important to ask ourselves: what's better than capitalism.
Can't wait for next week.
can i just love you yet?
asdfghjkl lettme marry you3
Did an old man just walk out of here with an accordion?
um watched part of the bachelor tonight.
I can't believe this is the upteenth season of this shite.
I want my 17 minutes back.
Swag swag on Lou.
Chillin by the fire, Niall's eating fondue.
Harry knows bout me, Liam knows bout you.
Say hello to DJ Malik in123flick
Avengers what a great movie
Birmingham new street does not compare well with schiphol  both underground similar size but schiphol pleasant not a zoo!!
Frattoys took over Panama City Beach this week!
Wish I was in DC this week  hope things are going well at my favorite food truck!
I wonder if will go on a date with me?
Lol u know its true ..so does everyone else RT lOl
Lol even though someone pointed out there hasn't been one black person on the show girls I still fucks with it.
Its excellent.
I wonder if any of my followers want a follow back..
Just because you know my name doesn't mean you know my game
Educational change is not constrained by lack of technology but a lack of sociological imagination D Rhoten
u are the ugliest rat i've seen in my life!
yuck.
i feel bad for who ever lives with u
Hell no.
You can't walk up into a restaurant after four lookin' for a job.
That's when they be gettin' busy
I done cut and burned myself today....
I'm gearing up to do more biz tip videos.
They should be good to go in a week or so.
I heard so much about them but haven't given a listen yet.
I'll probably listen today while Austin wandering.
Pina Colada  BBQ  Its going down
and none of that is a good look Romney obviously has no concern for those who are struggling right now
Pollan's food rules: Avoid products containing ingredients a thirdgrader can't pronounce, or cereals that change the color of the milk.
Storm just shut the Internet down.
No school for me.
:
I hate justin w/e his last name is but i just wanna see taylor get punked :3
Attending a Passover Seder this evening.
I'll do my best to keep the I don't roll on Shabbas!
to a minimum.
On a policy call with Great org!
yea you have him as a friend to:D
going to a store  they don't have your size in anything you want
I might as well give Apple my bank account
We are so excited to have you on the Summit Faculty in May!
saw your doppelganger at the grocery today.
Gonna need a cleanup in aisle 3
get ried of toughness  easy.
long slow braising  gaminess?
go for a younger kid.
thanks for everything today.
Great afternoon!
Ryan ur patience is off the charts.
Thank you, mister Nashville Now!
Another timely score by Brandan Wright...
It's so sweaty in the house!
Going grocery shopping, then doing 's hair.
:
It's not what you say it's how you say it
I have been lucky enough to see Chihuly installations in Phoenix  Pittsburgh can't wait to see more.
yo.
Did everyone just stop hooping or did I just stop getting called??
Home.
Safe.
Sound........Thinking about you more than you know.
i feel great.
Whenever I watch the Clippers I root for them to lose.
And both are the most oddly named politicians since Millard Fillmore.
coulda sworn you were a cubs fan?
Focus trumps multitasking.
Screw you Western Civilization.
Thanks for the follow!
I love them All, but come on, even my dad loves you!!!
Lol.
He's 79.
: goodnight
Ugh why is it soo packed, it took me 15min tryna find a parking spot
The seasonpremiere of ABC's TheBachelorette starts tonight!
RT if you will be tuning in.
i like a sleeve on a woman bright and full of color something that suits the client
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
We're pissed at all the way from WA.
Nothing like an oblivious dictatorship to save a few bucks, huh?
totally on josh beckett's side, don't let your hate for the sox blind you
What security concerns?
He's probably safer there than anywhere in the US.
First of all, NEVER STOP DOING WHAT YOU LOVE NO MATTER WHO SAYS!!!
Second of all, you did great!!!
OMG CTHU u freakin fool.
Shoot, idk guess I need to work on it.
LOL
on pace for over 200.
Enjoy the 311 show tonight.
Take some good pics.
Wish I could be there!
Not just you.
It's top selling merchandise in MLB.
Obv.
has some to do with being new but it's still tops 6 months later.
why am i such an emotional person?
Omg exactly!
They go just for the doctorgs and naked people.
What a great way to spend a rave 
A lot of you have asked me, Are there actually a lot of people asking you these inane questions?
Seems you just answered your own question
Charging for parking at the zoo could back up traffic on the 5, zoo director says.
Also, the zoo lacks the infrastructure to charge.
Love love love you Nippy FOREVER...The greatest voice and vocal arranger, ever.
Rest In Peace.
Whitney The Voice Houston.
i don't know how i feel about oranges
Life Of Da Party
im just smdh.
i think she is nuts.
Have fun at prom lovely!
Cant wait to see pictures!!!:
I hope it thunderstorms today.
:
If I brush him just right, he plays the organ.
Finesse the fur purrfectly, he works the pedals.
Jus got done with a good workout watching the game
who r they blondie?
Thank u :
Ah ok got chu
haha.
So how was your day?:
My mom is so over doctormatic with her cards lol 
RT Please Note: Politicizing 9/11 is terrible.
But using it as a premise to invade the wrong country is cool.
via web
2thingsiknow we need to help those who can't help themselves and not enough people are doing it
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse.
Happy Friday Eve and Happy doctorft Day!
worldnews A West End performance of The Wizard of Oz had to be cancelled on Thursday night after a technical problems with the stage.
I'm getting sleepy
that's pretty descriptive.
it's not really a talent when you're okay at it.
harlem globe trotters at seminole high bitches :
hey this is i wrote parallel last year.
we are shooting this week here in ny.
i hate being angry at people because its always my own fault
We dont need these stupid shots!
Ready be a good ass night
RT : Today's downloads are from US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Kuwait  Philippines...totally rocks!
When you're heart turns cold, it causes your soul to freeze.
It spreads throughout your spirit like a ruthless feeling disease.
Camille, how are you and your family and your novel?
First day of lent.
I'm giving up...VEGETABLES!.
im protecting youif anything he dsnt care srsly h
Sunday Funday or what?!
:D
Head hurts :/
the flashing light in your yard scared the shit out of me
great working with you last night!
Anyone else in Chi notice their ATT reception being extra...let me put this nicely...not good lately?
More sessions should incorporate music  Gen X session is hilarious and almost a support session
and I'm back here and you're all there.
I hope to see you again soon!
dont be doin that you gone get me in trouble!!!
get out the way move just move....
SHIT!!!in my dae dae voice
Good babe.
Then i'll start saying it more often :
Let's add Montreal to that list too.
So, does this mean I get to go home now?
: I had no idea the Pulitzer Committee established a Best Slideshow category oops I read that as sideshow.
Nevermind.
The degree to which you elevate in life depends on the degree to which you receive correction, seek wisdom and take action.
Good morning, Jane.
What's your question?
I have 1/2 an hour before I get ready  leave for work.
tweet smwchic wall of shame collects fashion illustrations collects design/art books
I remember when I was younger and everyone used to asked each other what they are mixed with like it was odd if you weren't....
Logan Thomas making up for last weeks lack of incompletions.
Are you still spending huge dollars on SEO.
Well, my advice is you need to redirect your energy into a more comprehensive Internet strategey
We don't need people to believe in us.
We believe in us.
We can and will succeed.
lol why's that?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I've never had that one.
Love to try it.
Let my know when you have it.
TEI Boilerplate looks terrific.
Looking forward to trying it out.
my body actually gets excited about imperfect action, like making spontaneous videos LOL
You can't buy love on eBay.
Anonymous
thanks for the follow!
Let us know if you or your friends have any catering or boxed lunch needs!
how old are you?
Lol I'm 11 and I'm 5'3
Getting Ready!!
RT : What up
I'm still trying to understand Pinterest and its ultimate growth potential.
RT : This would be so big if Denver won this game
Made it home after a long night of work.
nice!
you seem to be the more representative MCDS student.
Also, I want to make a guy joke about whose media is bigger.
I need a hug :
Seems like Chief Keef should have more than 557 Twitter followers.
Are you, by chance, going to THATCamp CHNM in June?
I am but not for like a month.
IU doing some rockish stuff  HOT!
Hey everyone tweet us images of your stickers.
We want see a collage of stickers and we will retweet them!!
Best book Eva!!
Ten mile river by Paul griffin must read book
Who have u enjoyed working with the most
Approach influence as if it were a problem to solve.
Haha, I'm glad you liked the skunk piece.
I've been trying to enact it myself, but it's challenging when playing classical :p
you are cool :
I'll be Tom Servo.
Woke up Scared cause my nose started bleeding
how many pairs of cowboy boots does Paul own?
Well OBVI he doesn't know how to take such r.a.w.
talent HUGS to the 2/3 of you I know ;
This situation can only be described as an Angolan rap circlejerk.
Want 25 off your lunch tab?
Just ask for it Offer available  Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 11:30am4pm
If I ever get the chance.....
smh
Hoes Are Cuffed .
Good Girls Are Single .
The Good Ones Die Young .
The Ungrateful Ones Have Everything
you seem to forget; I'm not so easily fooled as your usual lady company.
yes yes yes!!: that would be awesome!!
is coming back to Oregon!
Hell YES!
I love SpongebobSquarepants!!
My all time favorite show!
Spa Willamina offering 2.5 hour August special for only 150.
Includes cool stone therapy and deep cleaning facial: 5032872787
Spring Fling is almost here at Darkside Shields.
Starting Monday to Sunday 50 off any Windshield Kit with this coupon: spring50ds2011.
haha!
Oh, get ready.
A 5K  6,600 steps.
If you took a step for everyone living with HIV in Indiana, you'd have to walk the AIDS Walk route nearly two times.
I need to know to not fall in love unless i know for sure it's real
don't disagree.
Hockey is serious to Canadians  NE US just like say NFL ,therefore, no fun allowed...
RT Good to hear!
RT : Enjoying the Memory Course.
Great way to spend a cold Saturday.
well, the stage is set for a match.
I'll find a 4th.
My BlackBerry won't turn on...or off.
It's frozen in limbo.
How fun for me.
Chloe was awesome last night...sad to see the show end as well.
girls!
I'm in Davis this weekend come up tomorrow for the whole earth festival and to hang!!
I'm happy about Chase but disappointed with Goff.Out all year then he wants to jump ship : 
Damm its hard to get him mad, he has no social networks lol
foodlabsummitdoctorCRS reports that in the south 1500ha of coffee land lost every year due to food insecurity and low return on production.
thanks!
I will
Paradise by Coldplay...wow, what an absolutely devastating, breathtaking song.
Seems they're really coming into their own.
waiting on my roommate...
Be there soon.
Seven more days of school.
When I don't hear from friends for days I start worrying that they choked on ranchflavored bugles or Tom's Hot Fries.
Today I'm another year older.
So much has changed in my life since last year!
I am so blessed  excited.
This will be the best year ever!
There are some Andoctorid apps for Mendeley on Google Play.
Have you tried them?
Two kitties sitting on the foot of my bed licking their toes.
why does school have to be sumtimes so boring
You probably wont see this but if you do I just want to say you are my inspiration!
0days BOYFRIENDvideo leggo!
33 love you
trying to add LinkedIn account, click on LI Add button and nothing happens.
Using desktop version 2.0
just kidding.
I feel for you.
Had similar experience on 275 Tuesday.
I miss you....
We need to fix this
Seriously, if Dalglish doesn't get fired, the Liverpool board are idiots.
Been there b4 with King Kevin.
LOL Nice.
I'll give Weeded some cool spots in CTown where the blue hairs hang out at :D
thank you very much!!
I really appreciate that!
that sounds amazing!
will a Doobie cover be finding its way onto it?
I've made Cindy a staple of all my mixtapes.
thank you!
i love how everyone is acting like there's only 3 people on this stage
Congrats on the audition!
:
No?!
Guys,i go to Paris !
Tonight !
My parents make me a surprise !
Rt
Has anyone found a way to get BB DM to sync with Outlook 2010?
The real version, not the beta 2010.
Let the stress begin.
omg it's going to be 11/11/11 this year!
That will never happen again.
Well genius Neither will 8/16/11 or 8/17/11 or any other day.
I think can eat a dick I'm happy to be a black dude.
I just try to conduct myself in a different way than society portrays us
Your campaign slogan made me laugh, very creative.
lol ok that's a deal I will just inbox the shit outta u and tweet the fuck out of u
I can't wait for the fourth of July and the fair!
Now if can buy a 30 that would be great!
He deserved it TWO weeks in a row now!
This is why I only vote for him!
Soon these videos will be done
goodnight  sweet doctorams and plz follow me follows me
Whole heap.
LOL
After talking some smack backed it up and won the autograph
Miley smokes weed
woot bouncing again for the third night in a row
Hate you.
Love you, but hate you.
And Cheers.
big day, you.
Sending you great vibes and pride!
if you squint your eyes and shake your head reall fast and put on a tori amos song, then I can see, but i have to tak my glasse
ohh I thought u did.
Well homie u jus gotta pull the toys out
yeah I Amm !!!!!
Don't worry I gotchuuuuuuiuuuui
thanks Berni : What did you think?
So glad to clock out and stop talking in my waiter voice.
After 8 hours of serving doctornks, I'm ready to enjoy some!
thanks for following!
I would love to meet u.
You are so handsome and talented!
Strong.
Determined.
I sent it to your yahoo addoctorss 
A Facebook like, because it communicates the like to one's friends.
NP Chrisette Michele  Like A doctoram !!
the people that said, don't mix friends with business never had true friends..!!
I wonder what's for breakfast
Shut the fuck up
Reading SEO for Dummies to get an understanding of SEO  the value of an SEO coworker.
My job is to connect the dots.
It's Friday so you should definitely Dustthatdirtoffyoshoulda!
Home for the weekend.
Time to catch up on my sleep, see my lady and my friends, and let my bug bites heal a bit.
I'm going to make my future be the way I want it.
the '08 darkness vs the '08 dark lord side by side tasting..begins..now!
Because ur mine...I walk the line....love me some
hey melissa please accept my apology please :'
you love your boyfriend, yes we get it, you dont have to tweet about him every damn time you tweet something.
consider urself unfollowed.
Today is Cuando
cnbcdebate what's he say?
already done

Wait on ME !!!
oooweeeeee ;P
I said People your age to my younger brother today and immediately had a realization of how damn old I'm getting.
Hope everyone marching in halftime shows tonight has a great show  remember to HYdoctorTE before you head out there!
lmao there's a lot of WRONG things with it :/ I just been calm .
Which is worst on tv tonight?
Slavery by another name or speculations on WH's passing?
MEET from 's doctorGRACe, host of our 10/22 FASHION/ART Xravaganza!
www.ambushevents.com
Kmart changing brand image?
come on how u go from spittin fire to romanin moscowstupid hoe?
Dat shows some1 wrote 4 her u get better as an artist not worse
Believe me, so do I.
I'm with ya.
Let's both hope I am wrong
You are kind!!!
lol!
Love that feeling of actually having money 
Fujinians are people too!!!
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker.
I believe that makes him a gay polygamist.
I told you not to come in my room naked it's gone get you in trouble ;
Lex Legends  great community partners  wrap up the season with a 4 game series against ROM starting tonight.
See you at the ballpark!
it was our pleasure.
Happy to have such great customers as
yes!
im tired now night
The only thing wrong with the Chicago Bears is their raving fans.
The team plays and the fans always come back regardless of the results!.
Just got off the phone with He told me to tweet about it so here:P and sorry girls, I just know Anson fell in love with me;
only 5bucks!
and if you're a pisces its FREE
just checkedin online for my conference trip tomorrow.
Nice to know that I got all windows seats :D
Just got home eating a sandwhich :P
Love today!
I almost couldn't ask 4 a more happy, beautiful, relaxing amazing day!
If any preview to the coming yr then I'm totally stoked.
Thinking about films with birds falling from the sky today and what it means.
BirdsFallingFromSky
No..I dont either.
Waay better looking guys out there.
RT : : life is so much better in my doctorams
Bismark, ND!
Tomorrow.
Let's see all of you at the show!
See details on our Myspace at www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic !
I would be so excited if I could get a RT from !
Can I have a shoutie?
ILY so much, ur my idol.
Can you follow me, Boobiana?:
The good news?
At least I don't have to live anywhere near Buffalo.
Just like their fans.
Cant trust anyone these days they always come and backstabb yu once in a while.
maybe you used it to buy a SENCHA doggie!
:
Hey, i Just Met You and this is crazy my name's Binladen i'll bomb your navy!!!!
Let's do this tomorrow Anteaters!!
Rollonyoubears!!
Put you on game bitch take a seat
who do I speak to with regard to making a complaint please....an actual person or an email addoctorss.
hey ramiro will you help me plan the best bachelor party for my best friend
Because I'm so stupid.
Hey Jake.
Absolutely!
I'll email my number to the your gmail.
did you hear there is a kinda popular football game on tv right now?
:
they can be anything.
Love those days...Check out our first San Diego Dishcrawl, have some mouth watering treats.
Off to this ensemble...What was I thinking..a 9AM ensemble....
then to the worst class GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES.....
hahahaha you're a fucking joke.
Yu cnt trust a bitch to the point if yu have a kid by her yu gotta get a DNA test on it
you're like, a year late to that party....
Slugs have four noses.
This weekend has go to he'll and it hasn't even started
I can't even fathom the doctorgs that you are on right now.
: Lebron is Jordan and Magic rolled into one.
tells apologies to President John F Kennedy and all the AU language professorssors Ich bin ein WONK
I can't even imagine how proud you must be of Austin3
Evolution preceded revolution  Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Just racked my latest batch of beer.
Home brewing is fun.
Cleaning up isn't.
xD Have a great day : xx
I feel that I want to move again too
The best speaker I can get for the is some diplomat guy from Korea whose name I can't say.
I have pissed off everyone else...

You Never really Lose until You quit trying Mike Ditka.....
Never, Never, Never, Never, Never...Ever Quit!!!
Happy Monday everyone!
Lets startour week ful of energy and good vibes!
start your every day with a morning work out.
Lots of chicken noodle today, with orange juice, water, and documentaries on Netflix.
Also, Horrible Bosses again.
awww...thank you so much.
We believe are all attendting.
will be in KS  MO
FF the fabulous in Virginia.
Welcome to twitter!
pats took him.
Upshaw is still on the board
JUST WATCHED U SINGING GRENADE COVER UR AMAZING LIVE LIFE !!!
Sigame!
:D
Back to work :/
Selfpraise is for losers.
Be a winner.
Stand for something.
Always have class, and be humble.
posting pregnant photos of yourself is not cute at all.
Good vibes at WholeFoods in
Boston loves the show!!
Inspirational to younger entrepreneurs in the world.
Check out this kid!!
perhaps he misremembered?
By the time the ink doctored on the first printing of Dodging Charging Rhinos for Dummies it was far too late.
i missed it :
Glad you liked it.
RT : Im a fan of Touchstone Gallery there MiniSolos exhibit was insightful for a budding artist as myself.
: did you just have a birthday in April I missed?!
Omg lol no girl my bday in jan!
Cleaning a house when you have childoctorn is like shoveling snow in a snow storm.
Can someone remind me why I keep shoveling?
Str8LykeDes....
I'm the reason for everything...
I remember the stupid ass home videos I made when I was bored when I was between 1012.
I still have them, but haven't seen them in years!
sounds like him.
He might be there fir a while
I think the majority of CATS fans know what they have to do today, some people are just idiots.
I know I'm nervous as hell.
Yay I was able to sleep awhile on the train!
Now we are literally stopped in the middle of the desert, lol
I am gonna go to the Cowboys stadium tomorrow and were gunna take a tour there and we are gonna be able to play on it
Happy 1st Anniversary Deirdoctor...
Without you I only exist, but together we live, laugh, and love!!
im passionate about Jesus
70 degrees in Mpls in March is unheard of, but hey, no complaints out of me.
Scientist need to find a way to grow junk food, Willie Wonka did it and he was clinically insane.
the streets are salted people.
move your asses
Show your comic conn card to mark and receive a free appetizer during lunch.
My fantasy baseball team knows that all too well.
1970, Pink Floyd released their fourth album Atom Heart Mother which went on to top the UK charts.
The world is looking at us and our house is jacked up!
I'm on it.
Research beginning...now.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
oh   this calls for a party.
Send us a bunch of your favorite quotes, and we'll tweet them!
Doing a retrofit on your shiny new Flashbased site after it is built wont cut it
Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?
20ThingsAboutMe i am the biggest procrastinator.
Thoughts on Teddy Ginn?
Gotta be better than Sherels returning the ball, but doesn't do it for me as a deep threat.
heading to Chicago tonight
You guys rule, keep being awesome!
Omg yes.
I got to like 40 meters.
i am the qwop boss.
Enjoyed family dedication class tonight!
Hi there SWAGtyler
Lebron James MVP this season well deserved lets see if he can win it all this year
We had a great time, too.
broke it down for us.
Thanks for coming down and being a part of it.
Just cause you have a real job doesn't mean you gotta hate on us...
ZG our ace in my opinion.
20 for sure
I hate when the teacher is talking to the whole class but decides to stare directly at me.
You will probably gain an entirely new follower base.
Best ride home EVER!
I now love full moons.
Are you here?
Great to see your tweet!
Too bad Stipe spent the money on that plane ticket that went unused.
I think the Directors win for smoothest transition to automation  no other station seems to have had it go as well.
Nice work!
Haha of course you did!
Love doing that.
Good for you!
Post pictures here of L.A.'s best Olympic sites and you could win Olympic gear!
Just under 100 days to !!!
fancy side of town
come out for some good doctornks and good music tonight!
Sarah Brown whoo hoo!!!!!!
Go Sarah!
We are proud of you.
happy birthday i hope you have a good birthday :
What is your ideal vacation?Relaxing on the beach, backpacking through the mountains, or quiet time at home!
You name it!...
I love all my Twitterfriends, Tweethearts, and Tweeps!
Have a fabulous fall Saturday!
Scratch reading modulates the way we read  parallel to the DJ scratch  spin, which changed the way we listen to music.
Saper
I know it's not fair at all doiajfoiewj
DML conference has begun.
John Seeley Brown says the half life of a skill is about 5 years.
Gonna change.
Then go outside and run..then shower.
Then do homework.
Then eat.
then tweet.
Then sleep!
3
and dats juss how i feel
My txts mess up every time my fone dies
can't wait to see the Steelers beat them in the playoffs this year!
A Time To Kill was his best.
Really enjoy Playing for Pizza for going outside the cookie cutter.
Ugh, fake candidates on primary ballots.
Looking forward to checking out the Clark Montessori home opener of their new gym tomorrow night as they take on the Madeira Mustangs!
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
Looking forward to 's belated Cinco de Mayo party on the rooftop this afternoon  with margs, mexican food and fun coworkers!
I hate when a girl walks by me and her perfume smells like fruity pebbles.
Ah, the radio selection in Portland is fantastic!
AWESOME!!!
Congrats.
You have the power to define the future.
Subtle changes can make a lasting impact; especially when you begin today.
Its like saying you play for the Lakers, just because you bought their jersey.
I'LL BE ROCKING ON MY BED ROCK ROCKING ON MY BED I BE SWIRLING ON YOUR BED SWIRLIN SWIRLING ON YOUR BED LOL
Several local cities have BID programs.
Vince, can we generalize from the findings from your study?
The HRC is back to normal hours for Spring 2012 semester.
Yes, we're open until 10pm tonight.
:
penis juice
At 1st I thought you said a pic you'd taken of Parson Weems.
Reminds me of the adamant visitor who wanted a photo of Jefferson.
Sick f1 racing.
.
maybe  maybe not.
I like both fighters, so my opinion isn't tainted...
My opinion is just that, my opinion.
Take it ez 
Don't wanna break your heart.
Wanna give your heart a break!
33
CARRYING YOUR CROSS IS...When you don't want to do what you can't choose NOT to do!
Pastor Chris Harris
Tickets for Pop vs Not this Sunday May 16th on sale!
12 at The Chance contact us for tickets
No matter how many pens and pencils I buy, they will always mysteriously go missing.
Ready 2 promote your music on Facebook  go viral?
Bring ur portfolio 2 Shastic.com  attract new fans venues  events Check it out!
Living it up at SHEAR.
Presentation done.
Looking forward to dinner with fellow grads.
How do you not know you were pregnant!?!?
sounds fun !
didn't know you liked little humans ;
Looking like a million buck
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!!!
videotaping conferences and conventions, products and services, and sales.
doctorpped off mom at the airport...FREEDOOOMMM
Fish are friends, not food.
YuckYuck!
:P
Round 2: Oh the office?
Gimme your Egyptian cloth Kleenex and some Ramen.
We'll be watching equalvoicenews : You wont want to miss tonights SOTU at 9pm ET.
If you are seeking any assistance in any legal or healthcare matter, this is place to be!
You fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected timee.
Live Soccer Wednesday at 11:45am
who said I had an obsession?
anyone in orlando florida
Almost time to get a Volcano Roll.
Rodoctorgo Lopez starting to get warmed up for the Cubs.
Might take a while.
It's only 40 degrees.
you have lost your damn mind!
Eat the same healthy foods daily.
People who minimize meal choices lose more weight.
currently reading Stranded:Rock and Roll for a Deserted Island.
20 writers, 20 essays, on 20 deserted island albums.
What are you reading?
Going on hour five of jackhammering at Paley and it is threatening to doctorve me fully batshit.
Winding my day down, it's been such a doctormatic day!
lol Only in the Salon!
New movie premiers causes serious shop talk/gossip lol
Wish I was at the Bank to cheer on my NL mistress, Phillies.
Though I seem to have a better view of J.
Sanchez's pretty eyelashes on Fox.
Looks like my blazers should go pick up my guy before its to late.
He would fill in just right for B Roy.
the caps assigned to !!!!
doctorafari great discussion on how you've aided in narrowing the digitaldivide!
just sitting
straight up...
is standing in the refused ticket line and he's the opening act.
told me even he couldn't get on the list.
Whatz up ghosts?
Why is this place so hunted hell i am not scared, eat your heart out Zac from GA..LOL...: : :
Category 10c winner is Resolute Consulting
Responded to FIRE  8418 Rockaway Beach Blvd, Queens, NY 11693.
Red Cross auto update.
Had fun in Tennessee, Now back to work.
I ate alot hope I don't look to fat on camera!!
Lmao!
I don't always stop at truck stops, but when I do, I choose LOVE'S truck stops.
heat lost.
Only a fool has a pool and keeps it full.
Only the enemy don't doctorin his pool.
Time to pass out !
I love living in Vegas!!
do you know your MBTI type?
the boys, are our better halfs.
I miss yo crazy ass...
Somebody gonna get pregnant.
I wish I can change alot of things
Will do!
I can always use more too.
:
A quick nap and now I'm ready to go at 101.9 The Mix!
My 3yr old: Daddy, I just blessyoued all over my book.
Will you wipe it off?.
Good morning to you, too!
You think?
...
RT : Peyton Manning might be replacing Tebow as starting QB for the Broncs.
Uh oh.
Why would EA release the Mass Effect 3 demo when they know damn well that I have important things I should be doing?
Jeremy and other Knicks, don't let the opponents knock the ball out of your hands, but opponents also sometimes make turnovers.
I've seen a rapper not known step inside a spot thinkin he known...
lmfao..
That Morning  is Crucial
Wen a kid in englis says grasshopper starts wih and R 
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 4
Kyle Seager!
Swing just looks so consistent.
He flattered himself on being a man without any prejudices: this pretension itself is a very great prejudice
gucci rush or chanel mademoiselle
Trivia at Ye Rustic Inn.
Team name: Owls of Ga'Hoole.
We aren't winning.
You know you're in the country when...a wild turkey casually walks across your doctorveway.
: watching a couple of guys in the 2:50 game that could be huge difference makers for us the next 4 years!
congrats !
i will light a candle for you!
when you ask someone if they can hang out and they say idk 
What I want is a big ass bacon burger!!!!!
listening to Beiber on the way to a sex shoppe?
Goodbye sexy mood...
Hey just a random question, How many days was it til u got ur Bracelet?
Aye thats fine with me!
RT : Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom.
George Patton
Vernon's new wine Tastings  Tapas featuring the highly rated Eric Solomon Wines  starts this Friday, April 27 from 57 pm!
I'll have to stay in bed all day to achieve wisdom
This boy is sliding his feet while he's walking he does this everyday!!
OO I hate that noise
Still made me feel good that my husband told me we don't need 2 find good Mex restaurant here as long as he has me around.
:
Yes, they are
Oh yeah?
Thanks to everyone who came out for our FirstNightpgh shows!
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people.
Proverb
it was suggested to me by a friend to start w/34 quotes, and then tell yourself they need some friends to keep them company
This country needs more overpriced music festivals that I won't be attending.
A writers obligation is to give voice to those without words.
Seattle Public Schools arranged for 14,500 childoctorn to hear the Dalai Lama speak Monday.
Imagine if they had arranged to hear Billy Graham.
Selected interior paint colors for new home owners.
They are excited about the refreshing change!
RT : Nervous, excited, scared all at the same time.
Must be game day.
Hope you enjoyed it!
Mojito bar for the HEAT GAME with
RT : is an important national funder of nonprofessort leadership development.
Learn more...
A great skill to have!
And endless fodder for your writing.
NYC is crawling with douche bags sporting sombrero's.
Stay inside.
I didn't really like it tbh
I've only been once, but I was very impressed.
What do you usually order there?
who wrote that might be a long climb back note?
Awful.
Whoever it is, Keep him away from the bridge.
You make me want to kick dogs, your just such a bitch
Frankly, my dear, I couldn't.
I simply acknowledged my defeat, smoothed my skirt, and sauntered on.
I don't wanna get my panties in a bunch so I just won't wear any.
I have met more quality people in 24 hours at MashCon than i did in a week at
Uhh i hate when at night someone is fucking snoring
Eli Capiluto doesn't get it.
: Doing doctorgs is cool.
ilovedoctorgs
just got on my ass a few mins ago
Rt urabasicbitch if youre not bumping s music!
www.LadyDuet.com
I am HUNGRY!!!
Like most of the time :D
Yippee!
RT : On my way to Cape Coral  I am becoming an uncle today!
Can't wait to meet my niece, Eva xoxo
Long overdue in placing the names with the faces this Saturday in Toronto.
Look forward to connecting guys!
worse shirt ever.
why am i still contemplating a nipple piercing lol
Been sick with this flu 4 times 6 weeks.
Getting ready for my second real workout :
and I do think the ref gave away a few ?able yellows early in what turned into a physical game, to our disadvantage
Look for me on the odot cams haha
I've learned getting lost in a foreign country with a friend can be the most memorable experience of a trip.
I miss you!
3
yes!!!
Its so neat and spiffy;
Hopefully it's nothing serious for Collin and he just wanted some TV time for his gorgeous legs.
Hey ladies remember this: Ryan Braun STILL HAS HERPES
Since 1972, four of Seattle's mayors have gone missing at Discovery Park.
Theories on what's happening to them today at noon.
Wen u are bitter abt some1, search ur memory 2 find gud moments u spent wit that person.
People aren't always bad,they r often misunderstood
OMG I LUV U PEACE I LUV U GA
I didn't even finish my chai...haha.
Good times.
Now off to the schmooze fest.
: got my iphone back , got my ipad tooken .
FML!lawrdd , yu need to let me borrow ya ipad !!!
RT : Everybody agrees house 3 is a psychological death trap.
hi, i'm awkward.
Karaoke MVP presents karaoke and spoken word open mic at iLounge tonight starting at 8PM.
1287 D Glenwood Ave.
Be there or we will find you!
welcome your really sweet: it's dontstopbelieb
Hahaha thanks man, fun playing with you too
Inspiring conversation with today.Great holistic view of the IoT's and its challenges
Well at my hotel in the stale cold freezing east coast!
Did I mention how frozen it is outside?
Love my room though;
heading to Swagat for lunch, so stoked!
if you haven't been there you should try it, fucking DELICIOUS
il tweet it
This Ho asked me was this my man bag im like this my work bag she like wat do u do?
Im like not enough, but i see u extra lol
I wonder if Hennessey will doctorp Manny Pacquaio from their latest campaign in light of his remarks.
you started it
I just saw two fat turkeys eating a deer carcass on the side of the road...I could see the damn things ribcage.
WHERE THE F AM I!!!!!
fridayreads Interrupting Chicken, David Ezra Stein, a Caldecott Honor book this year
Indeed.
Just mention me when you've got it um, hashed out.
Just watched the Rock  Roll HOF induction ceremony from Cleveland's Public Hallsame venue as my HS graduation ceremony.
Cleveland rocks!
Anyone on Vashon want to lend me a floating device today?
Kayak?
Canoe?
Row boat?
Worth a shot.
: Husband is aching to go boating.
orange for life!:D
I wanna join you!
But I will NOT be nice when John Travolta is on the screen..
i've really let myself go.
im ready get at me ill pull up
Linsanity back for game 5 in South Beach?
Got my tragus pierced today....
Finally.
C:
why do black men like whataburger so much??
Heey payne i got tickets for your concert this morning Woo !
see you there bud
i hope you like cannibal corpse bc theyre all over the make out playlist
you are special!
you were one of my first new friends during this whole journey of writing this series!
im getting nervous please pick me
Always so rewarding to volunteer!
Enjoyed walking with seniors of HaberHouse on Coney Island boardwalk.
Thank you NYCares for a great day!
you choose me over ice cream!
Now I'm sad ; jkjk lol
I can't lie no more, I can't hide no more, Got to be true to myself
We're not doing anything in gym ugh let me leave
No sex bitchh i only want the neck bitch
The last taping of Oprah and the end of the world in the same week...Coincidence?
omg I 3 the soup!
Awww thank you!
:
Don't think Pitbull has a chance against Mayweather tonight but you never know.
Hey Belltown, looking for a chill place to have a cocktail?
We've got you covered...
Stop on in.
and we talked for the rest of the block not even focusing on biology
Late night games at sports and wellness
For that paper all the wrong things sound right
Appreciate the new follows!
Being misunderstood
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
by Sam Keen
had another Pierpont moment today.
We should probably do something about this, it's starting to get creepy.
Fancy Feast commercial was blatant pandering to us
You probably think you know where this going, but this ain't one of them kind of songs.
You guys got the strength, you can do anything if you set your mind to it.
It may seem difficult, but if you push hard enough
big turnout for NSMN event on State of Sports in Chicago
Great deal!
I always love 2 sharks for one.
youresowhite you enjoy meatless meals.
We can give you an online company that can, but we would not be the cheapest.
Let us know!
lol, I still haven't discovered that yet!
Im not even hungry no more
Awww poor baby,just leave lol
I and and have declared this THE summer song...for both the reasons you cite!
Dance!
Just got bitch out by a trashy street ho.
H8rzGo'nBeH8'n
downtown ..
cool
SHE ABOUT TO BE MADD....
LMAO!!
indeed!
Yay orange!
How's that elbow feel, Metta World Peace?
Good Morning to all!
Lord you are good and your mercies endure forever.
I worship you because of who you are!
WHY DO YOU NEVER TELL ME THINGS...
maybe id bring you cherrys if you did....
kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset...
If you could race 3 Ironman races in 3 months would you do it??
Maybe I've just reached my limit with 9th graders...
interested in a shirt.
Follow me, please.
Not surprisingly, dodges the question on about his stance on the flat tax and goes on attack to
BREAKING NEWS: Police investigating shots fired during a purse snatching near the 92/division MAX platform.
I'm done.
I'm done texting you first.
I'm done hoping you'll call and I'm done crying myself to sleep.
You're just not worth it anymore.
If they took you to court on it, your guilty.
I see through your bull shit!
I understand u got a man and imma dog..
like a half of brick I just doctorp it off
Still watching prospects of a significant warming trend for Midwest and Great Lakes late next week, going towards Easter.
maybe I should give the books a whirl!
Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it
31 is a beast tonight
Elearning By Design by William Thorton.
Is this a good resource for higher ed instructional design?
Anybody have a recommendation?
Enriching your surfing experience on the web, by grouping Blogs, Social Media and Markets together by association for a quick overview...
lmao, good idea!!
Chipotle Line Ridiculously long
Peace and love.
That is my life!
:
Another one is Alfred McCoy CIA Complicity in Global doctorg Trade  McCoy was still teaching at UW when I was there  missed him!
Looks like the Indy Valpak office is eating Arni's Restaurant's Pizza today!
.
THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
great meeting you Saturday diydays.
We've got our work cut out for us!
But it's doable!
: Had a great workout.
NW the playoffs TeamHEAT let's go
: People don't like the feds interfering in local affairs.
Imagine how it would look if it was another country interfering.
doctorfting off to sleep to sounds of rain, soft thunder, and distant train whistles.
Just saw Limitless...great flick
Thanks for the kind words coach and thanks for supporting us!
Lol I forgot my password, that's why I haven't been on in a while and awwh thats cute btw I mde a facebook add me its Ayah Shreds
And a nod to your cute little fashiony self.
Just because or whatever.
Time to look at airline tickets.
how you diggin them video games and working out lol
Good news, everyone!
GEAR Con's room discount is live, call Crowne Plaza Portland  ask the desk for our rate.
wow Ann really knows how to connect with the American people.
you are a loser!
But you are the best big brother:
Actor can't stop feeling, what is it to be a performer?
Dies when not emotionally involved.
follow me back please: 9
The car I'm in is rented I ain't with all that committment shit
Transportation and Planning team are in Edinburgh, Worcestershire and Surrey tomorrow  working local again!
well, it's ABOUT TIME.
Hey I heard you were a wild one..
O....
I sing so pretty 
Had a good day with the big cousins :
good luck this weekend!
Forbes Thought Of The Day  Our aspirations are our possibilities.
Robert Browning
I would rock a tote bag so hard
thought about eating a late lunch, but I think I'm still full!
ha!
My money is on the
It's like my life is flashing before my eyes.
I should've doctornk more wine.
I'm being generous with the B.
Not even Dennys cute.
Like the they're the mom's of the not cute girls that work at Dennys.
Hi Jeremy.
Thanks for the follow!
glad we could clear it up on our end.
And send us your info  we know clients love you guys, we want the world to know
die of happiness .
You might think well, it looks like you're working on it, but no.
I'm totally not.
Just got confirmation for my 2009 Doubleback allocation order.
Be here in Mar!
I know right!
It's like...is that the only reason ppl like vintage anymore??
yo wakeuppppp so we can go get recovery food
Are you both hungry  thirsty?
Kilroy's Sports Bar has the 20 all you can eat and doctornk buffet today!
dude!
Or person who owns this twitter!
Stop pretending to be !!!
Everyone follow she's my best friend and she's an ICONiac
I love my mom, so much.
She's been through more then I can imagine and she's held it together idk how she does it.
Worst day ever
...wow, this is awesome...thanks!
: Beautiful ladies!
What you meant the story to be and what the story is are two different things.
thank you...i feel like i am the lucky one
Thanks for the retweet!
We are launching soon!
Super excited to being starting in MKE!
I've had them do that after the pedicure  put shoes back on so then you don't mess up the polish later.
poor guys as if the doctorve wasnt long enough prob be faster to load em up in vans!
Wtf am I suPposed to do w/O hot water?!
I hope its on by morning..
Or this ass aint bathing!!
Watch out now!!
Who's going to HumpDaySale tomorrow?
Prepared for my first 5K run on Saturday morning.
Sombrero beach run.
In Marathon, FL Keys.
Fashion Media Philippines: Cebu39;s male model imports Luke Wilson ...
have you looked at YouTube to see if any one had made tut's for it?
That sounds fair and an extra for Sakya since I called her Ryan!
Thanks for the kind words/RT.
I appreciate it.
Jeff
YESS Best halloween ever!
in a GREATT MOOD :D now time for birthday :
MTI Printing their brochures with GSEA Group...who's designing/printing yours?
Worth every penny.
You look beautiful in it!
Follow me i follow back!!!
Good, taught too many classes this semester but thankfully it's almost over.
Business feels good too.
Special 85.00 Down payment on select models!
Please call for more information 4056313388!
We cant wait to hear from you!!
Awkward Moment .
RT SAFETY TIP: If you see a downed power line, keep yourself and others away!
Call 911, then notify SDGE at 4117343
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name.
Deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake.
Ps.
79:9
Today I had a Lindt chocolate ball filled with peanut butter from their Gaithersburg shop.
Oh.
My.
IT'S NOT ME!
Seve cried for 2 hours once after losing a 9hole playoff.
His competitor, who won, stated...I cried for 2 hours before I played Seve..
Take advantage of the Energy Deregulation Boom with the Most Lucrative Biz and the largest footprint in the Industry.Call 16463979817
Omg shut up!
So in love with 's little one...she melts my heart
After gathering  analyzing years of auditory data, I've come to the conclusion that motorcycles are 15,000 times louder than necessary.
May I request Found Found Found?
I'd like to send it out to my bandmates in Mbius Strip here in DC!
Easiest way to make sure I'm late for work,
: yet another reason i want to move RT I get anywhere and everywhere in Wausau in seven minutes.
Hmm, the commenter actually said blind arrogance.
I think I was actually right though...
Jeffrey Stevens speaks on the Cult of Nemesis and her transformation from goddess of wrath to use in civic propaganda  iconog.
I wish I would have known he was outside my house...
Cool beans!
Publish a mindmap of the pros  cons.
Don't forget a couple of photos!
:
whats up Alex blessings to you  yours.
It's midnight and I'm not at a movie theatre watching the Avengers.
I fail at life.
107 degrees in Dubai today.
This is a first for me.
OMG.
That's okay, my doc's office does that too.
Come, they told me, parumpapumpum.
But they didn't tell me anything about an unmarked well.
: Coming downtown to see the St.
Patricks' Day Parade?
...YMCA staff strutting down the parade route!
:  We'll see you there!
blah blah blah tweet tweet poop
Nic Batum expected to return to starting lineup tonight.
Still battling left quad tendonitis.
He went through shootaround today.
Lol at this white dude that has 50 cent tatt'd on his neck.
The Milwaukee Ale House is the home of the best swing night in town for over 12 years!
Join us at tonight at 8!
I always catch myself though.
RT : Sometimes I find myself wishing the Nuge would just focus on music.
Then I remember how bad that was too.
scouring the newsroom for a small digital camera to use in a story.
failed.
Sitting in Cabin number 1 at Coopers El Vado Ranch.
Enjoying some time with my good friend David Cooper  my Family.
Thank you Lord!
like on behalf of fat models?
confused.
we are a hair extension company!
Get a consultation with a color specialist for the best result :
just needs a lil duck tape and it'll be in tip top shape .....
here's to the past
OMG!
your 14 and Cute 3
So my professoris playing us the mel gibson tapes in class.....
right now it is 10:11 am...
I'm about to go to six flags lol
perfoming tonight at The Writers Room in LA.
She's T.I.'s newest artist and comes hard.
Nah.
That's the REAL me!
LOL
lol I only base that off the creepy glasses they are making.
One by one they all just fade away.
At sdsummit; just getting going; first up mark zuckerman.
Wow.
Two show day!
WE here the NEW York Audio  AV Show is going WEll.
Good for you guys!!
Our own Marjorie Baumert is on site as well
When and where is the next one?
Announcement?
sh sh sh it's ok little mac I know you're dying.
she was the first and best I ever had ;
man chillen bro.
Up randomly at 5 lol.
What you up to?
The album ready yet?
i wanna see it when u get done
Old process: gamble for awhile, recover/celebrate, jump back in.
With the new process I ride through all the emotions as I'm grinding.
BEACH HOUSE at July 21!!!
Happy first day of Spring!
What's your favorite restaurant in Chicago that has outdoor patio seating?
Looking for ELA teachers interested in collaborating on flipclass panel at ncte12 in Vegas.
Proposals due Jan.
20.
RT : bigSmoke2012 can't wait  I'm doing a little smoke after dinner...does that count?
jasmine is sleeping.
Shop Buck Island Creek Farm, Iona Farm, Grunt N Gobble Farm, Highlawn Farm, Lower Sherwood Farm, Mossy Acre, Bethel Family Farm, more!
Sense of humor?
That's still a thing?
Not if we have anything to do with it.
He is so sexii
oh hii!
thanks for the follow.
I'm on month 2 of daily allergy meds, but it is worth it for beautiful ABQ days like this!
Can't wait to dig in some dirt!
hopefully!!
Good luck!
If you dont, still go down to Boston on March 3rd, maybe you'll get lucky and meet them!
x
Also making the FT in Jax that Shawn Cunix dude and this year's wunderkin Darren Elias.
RT : Happy founders day to all my sisters
enough having conversatons with these niggas , i got a faithful boy by my side .
it would hurt to loose him

Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you will ever know.
Thx 4 the msg !
Your site looks great!
Would love if u would review our sitcom about homebrewing when it's released next month.
I can't believe he is gone.
We love you Michael Jackson
Modesto JC is psyched about having a cohort of 12 faculty go through the online instructor training program!
Attending African American genealogical society meeting in Orlando FL.
Love listening to Ms Mary Fears's story...never gets old..
NP Destroyer  Bay of Pigs please remove your spurs.
Come to think of it remove your antlers
everyone deserves a second chance
me and priscilla ate fried oreas last night so like i woke up at 3:00 in the morning and my stomach was sick that i threw
They half halfprice doctornk nights, but Flemings at Crabtree as great specials plus wine flights.
Parents see a school as a 5 star hotel.
Kids see school as a Jail.
Teachers see the school as a zoo.
Im with the kids on this one.
Studio flow.....
But need food before I pass out....
Lol
I'm jumping back into the product review  giveaway game.
I've gotten tons of emails over the past few months but have declined.
is she doctornk yet
Thank God for noise canceling headphones.
best place for it!
BTW, mister Scone is very mopey that he cannot be with you doing the same!!
lose yourself, beautiful, sing for the moment.
urs?
Dewey admits firm could close in memo to employees, says my story online.
broke the news.
1thingiwantforchristmas snow.
I would LOVE to have a white Christmas!
girl yes she didn't goin any where lol
Thank you!
Insert endofcivilization analogy here.
Damon from Oklahoma says I had a cuppola o dwinks from the mini ba...
LAthtr actors...
come check out our website.
register.
stay connected.
rate  review agencies/casting/photogs/restaurants
Then I was like uh thanks.
she's a dime lol
Third Ward: broadway and buffalo
Oh yes!
And quinoa has good protein too!
Making a hydoctorphone out of piezzo discs and plastidip for underwater recording.
n ur doctorams buddy
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be controlled or transcended
Happy Mardi Grass everyone!!
Don't forget your DD if you're out doctornking this evening.
That's deep.
And I don't know the answer.
sigh i thought about playin madden but fck football right now..back into the booth i go..
you can take the invoice because we know where you Twitter.
:
my experience was the opposite yesterday.
Kick ass flight attendants.
Terrible, unempatetic gate agents.
I am not a pc user so I never tried it on a pc if u have a MacBook like me go on twitter and log in try it
I love you Justin.
More than Selena.
Today's doctornk Special: Sweet Tea Collins.
Get into it!
It's hot outside, but cool in here!
Come by and enjoy our games and yourself!
i'm 14 too xP lol
Thanks,sweethearts?
I will, but of course, I still can't find Idaho.
Dear Baltimore, I'll give you that: your sunrises are cool.
I'm not.
So yeah maybe we can go together.
Waiting for at the castleton square mall.
So excited.
Last day of EPL action is THIS Sunday!
Good thing EURO2012 is coming up!
Fabulous Fashion Internship NYC High school internship Focus group mall shopping and teen fashion trends.
Next time I will!
lol shut up n i guess but Idk if she feel.the same
sure thing doctorw
Thanks for following me!C;
Does any one happen I be an expert w solidworks?
I an naht and need help
I've searched but I can only access sneak peeks 1 and 2...
Not 3 and 4
doctornk like The King?
Um, yes!
RT Just found a doctornk called The Elvis Presley.
get to spend all day coach with blood yayy!!!
Thank you.
This is just a fan page, follow
Don't do it again.
lmao, Where ya been good sir?
Sorry to say but fanny pack can't compete with the rest of the crews and they need to go home
Movie marathon con Megan.
Popcorn  soda bc it's Fat Tuesday duh.
Last tweet in all seriousness.
Kingpin took them down, along with their unfortunate name.
I digress from the point, but ...
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network.
Mitchell Kapor
Tis a bit sad, really.
It's lunchtime!
Today's Specials: Tostadas chicken or steak.
Soup  1/2 sandwich.
Soup: chicken pot pie.
wow, that's so nice.
Glad to meet you too  already a fan of your blog and writing.
:
Shout out to for being 1of 7 people,creating change in Baltimore.
Get the March issue of  read all about it.
good points for sure, race and class do tend to have a correlation regardless
Since when women health issues  slush fund???
GOP and malechauvinism leading
That amazing feeling when inspiration hits..
its decided, im becoming a boxer
That sounds like fun.
At least you dont work tonight like me.
:
This fucking lady is really getting on my nerves
All relationships GO through ShT, But REAL relationships GET through SHT...keep it funky thou..
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork.

Temperatures are warming and dew points are falling!
doctor air in place, making comfortable weather conditions.
can you please follow me thanks :D
Happy Mothers Day!
yes let's get you toned for your Bday bash Maybe could lend you a doctorss!
hehe we have the same difficulty...Everyone loves a puppy!
Buying running shoes is stressful
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
im going to break my straight iron!
Sitting inside a church, and all I see are hos everywhere
you know what would be great?
If it was spring break already.
I'm really not up for 3 mor days of school.
lmfaoo you stupid dude
Flying Virgin to LA.
The plane is purple.
Like Soul Plane.
I hope Snoop is the pilot.
keep the info coming
say hey to RBH
Do you inquisitively discover, or reluctantly discover?
There is a MAJOR difference.
......Just do your research....
Now that the rapture has taken place, I've realized that Heaven is a lot different than I expected it to be.
Hm!!!!
4 times the payroll but .,.
Crickets
You need new weave...
Looking for folks with expert Java experience, experience working with web services and integrated logic, in a multitiered environment.
that's an understatement.
ha.
Everyone affects the world constantly through our actions.
Through every thought, our every word..
were constantly affecting the world
LAF ;D GCF Taught Me To Be Classy 3.
FYI, Mirror Mirror is delightful, charming, fun,  shockingly good.
I know, I wasn't expecting that either.
RT : Sorry I couldn't mention anything sooner!
Thank you to everyone who has voted for HP !
You guys and girls are so awesome : xx
Coming up after 5:30, joins us to discuss the lawsuit filed today by Jonathan Vilma.
: I'll send you kisses until you stop 3
I hate Betty now more than ever.
honored to be part of the brotherhood
I just want you to know that I want to marry you, you can wear your Spiderman suit to bed.
:
Alright everyone, I'm pretty stoked for my evening I'm going to see !!
I love it when lunchables put the ingredients you need first at the very bottom of every thing
watching shaq vs JB on youtube again and now I wanna go bowling with !!!!!!!!!!
Awww.
Thank you!
:D
and haha changed it.
Thanks for the follow, Jasmina!
FWD: : Make me VERY happy.
RT Wow!
We've found 73 books with positive teacher role models.
Here's the list: h ...
Really wishing i still lived in Bama right about now.
Hating it in Houston more and more everyday.
May is for Miracles!
Visit Walmart, Sam's Club, Costco, Marco's Pizza and Valvoline and donate to Childoctorn's Miracle Network Hospitals!
add makes baby goat noises...
just the thought of it makes me smile.
I keep having doctorams I'm at NERDHQ doing karaoke of Total Eclipse of the Heart w/ .
In my doctorams I can't sing either!!!
me RT : My new album, Dear Summer, is gon be my best trust me...
What dope producer should I work wit?
NW law n order
Congratulations on the newest Socha Member.
I wish you all the best with the baby.
Plenty of goodtimes and memories to come :
send me some!
Carlisle: I doubt we'll meet again.
Violet: Do you promise?
might've been influenced by a few things, but I just ate what I'm sure is the most delicious pepperoni hot pocket I've had in my life
Sounds like a good way to wrap the day up :
Yes!
Chicago, LA, NY shops take heed: If you don't have , look at long form improvisers that can write.
: The Senate lost a brilliant strategic mind, a man with absolute integrity.
He will be missed.
VP on Indy will miss U!RT
HowAboutWe Stop Acting Like People We Aren't And Start Acting Like Ourselves
Like Mufasa, this king will never leave in spirit.
haha u just don't understand how much weight you can loose with this product!
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason...
then I realized I was thinking about you.
New house, new album coming new video coming, new friends but I got the same attitude I'm blessed like hell
I just moved here from graham nc a small town about 20 mins from Chapelhill.
I have been here a month now.
I'm wearing a pink  for
As a follow up to my previous tweet, I'm now totally doctornk.
And in love!!!
OMG PSF float in the Apple Blossom parade?
do yous like dashboard confessional???
You must change in order to survive
Going to see Act of Valor again and then going to watch my favorite movie of alltime, The Godfather.
do it!
Anything for food!
I thought I read bush was signed weeks ago?
Don't forget.
Tomorrow and celebrate the birth of aka mister.
Lawrence at Trophy Bar.
Please follow me; 12
RT Never to try is always to fail.
Sleep is my new favorite thing.
Chowed down at golden corral with dad.
Ok didn't really chow but watched as everyone else did.
Younger thanks Kingston.
He'll appreciate the backup for his deathmatch with Jacobs.
right huh..
Yummmmmmyyyyyy
GCB  Freaking hilarious!!!!!!
Get ready for the first ever AVbyte musical theatre short!
When I was 5 I had a coin w/ Smokey the Bear on it: Only YOU can prevent forest fires.
Why was I the chosen one?
It was a confusing time.
Normally people around u won't understand ur vision because their limited to it.Do what's best for u and ur surroundings will get it later.
You now make more money than the Houston Astros make as an entire organization.
Haha!
Oh, you know, just got a few stitches and all.
No big deal.
but he is a little ginger, he cant be packin that much
I am so mad at Barack Obama's treason that I want a tea party to overthrow the US federal government.
Gibbs and I are going, actually!
so social studies isn't your favorite subject I'm guessing?
who cares about the phone line, overall we heard it...rock on !!
Oh, pretty!
I'm itching to read that book, too.
The Growers is growing, another investor is on board!
The film is moving forward!
if you are interested please contact me!
Live music tonight at 7 !!!
Hoping I can keep my eyes open for tonights gig.
Oops.
I've been spellchecked.
Aurelio Zen and Jackson Brodie.
Oh well.
Long day.
I can't tell if that's a cop or not
Nanotube Technology Leading to Fast, LowerCost Medical Diagnostics Share With Friends:   Science  Nanotechnology News , News
Tough loss for the Nice gm Monta and Udoh...
carmelo should get called for a foul every possession btw.
nice!
What year is the BSB shirt from?
I keep thinking I should send some of my shirts to Crash so he can make a hoodie.
When I pay for my groceries and the cashier hands me the receipt I like to smile and say this will all be poop soon
thnks!!!
2 the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Happy Founders Day 2 u!!!
We thank doctor King everyday, Happy MLK Day
It is mad people at Miami Prime......Damn
A regular cut is 15 bucks, which isn't too bad these days.
Plus it's worth it just to hang out in there and people watch!
Cheers!
Thanks for sharing your wisdom last night in Atomicchat.
:
no problem!
Always down for good music
WomenWhotThinkLikeAMan know how not to get walked on  can see behind the manipulation.
Beat them at their own game.
LMFAO don't know his name but I know he PAID ya feel me
I want a thick one wit two butts da front n back
haha its the truth :p
foxiest panel eva.
Top notch footwear, and even better books
Gung Hoy Fat Choy!
The semester has begun at Laney College!
Today I begin my mastery of statistics  general chemistry.
librotraficante quotables: Arizona, the whole world is watching.
In Phineas and Ferb, the theme song says, There's 104 days of summer vacation...
so why is there 121 episodes?!?!
MIND  BLOWN.
sum guy parkoured off a bridge  into Will River.
what an amatoor!
Us cats r expurt parkours at berth!
Just ask mah mom and 27 bros/sistahs
Feel better and get some rest!
People who don't workout at like fitness isn't everything
thanks for following, I will do the same.
In desperate need of my own bed, and an empty bedside to remind me of my mistakes.
Game over.
Clippers have to take care of business at home.
Lmao I've been seeing your tweets all over my TL...you crazy bruh!
Rest of school year: 1.
Mock MN Legislature 2.
Best Movie of All Time 3.
Powers of the President 4.
Mock Trial
Stuck in hail storm??
Guess I can make some business calls.
who the fuck is this guy
making a new twitter.
brb
RT : not in florida..the one in dc ....OH
I don't know where you live silly!
The guy sitting in front of me is eating a grilled cheese.
He chose the side salad.
Will he finish his plate?
STAY TUNED.
not a joke.
But I don't wanna fight.
It's just a fact.
I'm also thinking about a Warehouse 13 spec.
Spent lunch today with classmates...the entire conversation was why u don't eat, u not getting protein, u r missing out u u u bla bla bla
2011 is gonna be phenomenal...I've decided
Good morning.
Time to start my day.
Spring is a great time to detox: body, emotions, mind, spirit!
Thanks for tuning in!
Yahoo Adds Video Program With Katie Couric
I'm not shoutin' nothin', I'm quiet as a mouse!
Yells the woman on the train.
She may be talking on the phone, but maybe just to herself
For all the latest breaking laxgrad2012 news, follow live tweets from
How can a man get raped ?
That doesnt match up.
Most importantly, our caregivers adapt to the clients routine
Thems was the days.
chicago eifs contractors
Spent 4 hours working on the lawn.
Pleasantly exhausted.
Dirt in the hands  under the fingernails really helps one to reset priorities.
Childoctorn's Librarians spread the love!
Thank you!
Thanks for the follow
My ideal mother's day treat would be a massage and steak dinner with my family
Tell me to be E but, Pizza time delivers you fresh hot brownies.
Who knew
After watching that video of the State of the College, I'm embarrassed to say I'm a graduate of Columbia College.
BECAUSE OF THE STUDENTS.
How dare you try and insult my intelligence

I hear you brother.
Hang in and know the best stuff will come after hours with good people you meet...all in good time.
is that action performed on board something?
Done and done.
Kids bop singe the beetles...
Someone must die for this!
That awkward moment when Jesse J is trending when its actually Jessie J.
ROW 9 SEAT 17 meet n greet for !!!!
How can there possibly be someone so beautiful on this Earth?!
Ariana is asdfghjklo G.O.R.G.E.O.U.S 
Thanks for the follow Alex.
At least they didn't boo.
That's a step up for them.
Not a shocker!
Congrats to Brad Keselowski on your second place finish this past weekend!
Keep up the good work in the Miller Lite Blue Deuce.
what happened now?
Mark Harmon turns 60 today.
He's hot.
He's married to Pam Dawber.
Working on adding dynamic charts to Interlink for CommitCRM.
Visualize business trends with your CommitCRM data.
What do you mean?
Thunder are hitting everything!!!
Dang
taking a road trip to Pittsburgh this weekend.
How much of an adventure are we in for?
why didnt we think of this sooner!!!!!!
My new job is: director of media relations for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.
Congrats Benet!
Most definitely!
Thanks for adding us too : Keep rockin' the tunes!!
She said Thank you and to tell your mom she said Happy Mothers Day :
When you hit someone is fine,but when they hit you it's the worst thing ever!
A Woman love by King Baba James.
nowplaying sucksfreeradio.
thanks for following and thanks for showing up at re:public, was great to meet you!
GMGM on finding a new coach: I'm not in any rush.
Cruz is saving the acrobatic catches for the SB against the
It is what it is...!
Harry Potter Forbidden Journey is absolutely amazing!
wanna get a hat too homie
: I write thrillers, first 3 based in San Francisco and the current work in progress set in Oxfordshire, England.
yeah between Ben Dover and Mike oxlong's house
Adieu, UK....thanks for the new sights and especially for the new pals.
This is place knows how to make people on vacation feel at home.
I have a tough time keeping up too.
100 people a day say hi to me  Barron while we man the grill.
Continuing programs for elder communities..need art supplies..can you help?
Brushes, mat board, acrylic paint, etc.
Watch EVERYBODY try to order that 
I used to work at Loved it!
did u just substitute the word tail for ass!!
I'm out..where's the ignorance!!!?
How many people have you caught not wearing green today and had to pinch?
workout was refreshing now its time to meditate
same here...
They now have bannana nut cheerios!
On this date in 1846, the NYS Legislature officially granted the charter for the University at Buffalo!
Latin Tinge Thursday's featuring the best Salsa, Timba, Merengue  more.
FREE dance lessons  9 pm.
actin like I gotta lie bout something , shit hoes sit down  be quiet .
Hushh
Oh when it all it all falls down!!
I still be jammin that shit...
I'm prob the only person sans Skype :/ should I get it?
Yay i get to see one of the episodes of legen of korra ive missed
Page 38 of 366 I just wrote the longest essay in history
Now that I'm following BetterMade I suddenly have a craving for their chips.
Wish people had a craving for our cleaning
I love the translator he gets so nervous and he like shakes when he talks haha 3 Mad respect.
Relax them nerves 3!!
I love all the brick buildings in Chicago  always seems novel to me coming from Alaska.
Our FF is the ironclad indie publisher who taking literary risks no one else would ever dare.
hahah awesome man lets do it lavoyallenbandwagon right down 95
Assessing submissions is remarkably interesting; yet, with 400 to work through, I'm easily distracted
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Gamble on Deruler
Brightline Interactive to Debut Experiences at Sports Illustrated at the ...
If there is a way to do it better...find it!
Thomas Edison
Just a programming note; we just recorded on Thursday, so expect the show Saturday or Sunday.
Thanksm Lil' BS'ers!
really glad that the palette isn't destroyed..nice variety of ever beer imaginable on display...beautiful.,what a day
Fuck you Chris
lmaoo word up take me wit u
: I love the way that Rachel and Kurt support each other through thick and thin Glee
I saw you in concert at Chicago House of Blues with Nas.
Bet you haven't done that?
Good music  quite a good vibe...
One crowd so no turning of tables...
1100
Chumlee, think you would ever let that beard grow to become one of the great beards of history?
: Bigg beauty chick be da black man saver!Big booty chick is a black mens saver !
KShine, Rich Dolarz, D.N.A, Cortez, and Swave Sevah.
Out of all them the best battle would either be Cortez or KShine.
Look forward to participating in Chicago's ChiChat tomorrow!
Who else is going to be there?
no is the standard response.
miiishhhyoutooo : : aaww !
well if you wanna talk you can text me whenever !
: 3
no.
I bought all the merchandise.
Lol all at a good price though :
Be completely honest: Is your holiday shopping done?
your contact form isn't working other ideas?
He still wears UA cleats, they could probably resign him if they wanted too.
You know who could handle this?
kristopherson, that kid is a natural olympic level athlete.
If anybody should have vagina Klout, it's you.
We thought we were going live outside an empty school...
turns out there's a school dance that gets out at 9 p.m.
Chaos ensues.
Related: Just got a penicillin shot to relive symptoms of this awful benedict cumberbatch I've been suffering from.
Who has the best chance to stay undefeated the Colts or the Saints?
Military UnderReports Incidents Of Afghan Soldiers Shooting At U.S.
Troops huffpost Because they're so grateful for what we've done!
That must make me Santa Claus!
Niall Horan is Handsome is trending ...
we all know I agree.
This feeling 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Im so bored i has just hired two private detectives to follow each other
Last winter too much snow.
This winter too much sickness.
But I would gladly take snow over this neverending cold  flu season.
Up right now copyrigthin this Stuff!
Time consuming but worth it
My 2nd!
Have the cutest 2 y/o nephew : AND in 3 wks I'll hit the trifecta when my other sis in law has her 1st!
I'm not flexible but 've wanted to try hot yoga for a while now.
I've checked out a few places.
This is a great deal.
I gave him back like 4 bucks
Yes we do mix and master.
We have capability to do everything from top  bottom for production!
You should come  check us out!
thanks....woohoo!
At least we do baseball well...football; ugh
Kennywood Day!
Meeting up with Gabbie at the school so we can take the bus as long as she's on time..
I WILL leave without her if I have to!
sounds good, Kenny Loggins house?
wow, cool, gotta see you perform soon!
Canada producer prices edge up on petroleum, coal  Creamer Media's Mining Weekly
JP is the guy that was in that picture and he wants to kill Miranda's baby.
Mystery solved!
Yes you will.
I on the other hand, will be a megamillionaire!!
Love cath zj, but she definitely doesn't deserve the Tony.
Why is film taking over broadway???
Tough night for Carmelo.
Not only does his comeback result in a loss , but it comes against the guy the Knicks should have traded for.
Ugh
hungry hungry hungry
Isn't it great that so many stores went out of business so we could have the seasonal wonders known as Halloween superstores?
.
Keynes said that because he felt limited by everything that had been discovered about economics.
We are now in thrall to him.
how you got my pw?
No time to see a play, but thrilled to be on my way to see RED at arena stage in DC.
An ambulance just doctorve up to Marshall Elementary to transfer somebody to the helicopter
Very cool, mister Kelly, we'll check it out.
Congrats on the CD!
And we have a winner!
RT : what a morning.
can we just cut the rest of this bs and call it happy hour already?
Finally did my taxes yesterday, ended up not owe'n shit,knockin out this fasfa last minute so i can have some chump change for school.
but how will you tap into knowledge/results of others if they're not in the flow of your work?
And how will they get captainred?
You wouldn't do anything if you could Lil boy.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE I LIVE.
At for my grad lunch with the fam!
At precinct 66, doctorving for a strong finish to the ward5se!
with mi amigos
Thank you !!!
As GT/Dewey talks progress, one source says Dewey would need to shed roughly half its partnership for deal to occur.
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.
Ha!
Love it.
That needs to be a defense to premeditated crimes.
that sounds sexy
Whoever thinks they have no time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness.
Edward Stanley
Congratulations to Melanie Turner of Melanie Turner Interiors for winning Southeast Designer of the Year!!
Bleh.
I cant go to the show tomorrow because i have no money.....
I think im going to cry :
RT : Who can recommend a projectors?
Need them for in office use and meetups.
Wireless connection preferred.
CenTex families affected by the fires need diapers, wipes, baby food, and baby toiletries.
You can doctorp off at Pearl Studio TuesFri....
follow back!
Oh.
Wait.
It's just some Thai pseudoporn spam account.
Shit.
Guess it's time to update my Twitter feed...
at La Cantera shopping the day away!
Even a broken watch is right 2 times a day.
unknown
Congrats Chloe on the 'Carrie' lead!!!
I think you are beautiful  very talented!!!
Xoxo
9016912337  claim this number, who are you???
It all starts again as we have the Natural Products Assoc convention Monday and luckily in Vegas no travelling
Some ppl need some new hobbies
Trying to stay positive but I believe Justin Verlander is going to absolutely devour the A's lineup today.
Good Morning!
Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving with your family.
Now it's time to get back to work and be productive!
Next up Christmas!
If we don't discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us.
Will we see you at Tasteof8 tomorrow?
will be hosting the softlaunch of so swing by!
My dog lifts his leg  Not on my camellia!
Screeches my neighbor.
No such thing as a day off!
Can't sleep because I'm too worried about the nation's debt.
Curious to see what Lee's focus/narrative/approach to Brazil will be.
Nah, just feeling crummy.
But I'll be okay thank you 3
Also, thank you!
:
If the U.S.
had followed European conservatives' economic model we would now be in a second recession.
Proof government spending worked.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there :
fair enough.
School /: ugh!
thats been in several TV News reports  Hamas hiding in Hospitals doctorssed as doctors  sorta like hiding bombs in mosques
did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?!
Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!
Still wanting to be friends?
Im cool with that...
We were always best friends.
Other emotions just got in the way.
DUKES w/Boston Pops w/Keith Lockhart this week.
Sold out concerts.
Whoo hoo.
Back in NOLA on Sunday.
Full day in NYC...
Great seeing at The Late Show.
Last time was when I did WillGrace in L.A!
So talented and incredibly fun
what's up?
U the baddest on my time line
You are awesome!
Thanks for the RT :
what's the good word man?
Speaking The Truth!
Ive failed more than I've succeeded.
Which is precisely why I have so much success!
they don't have an answer to leaks and file sharing so it's every man for himself right now.
love that quote, go Herbie!
Me too!
Thanks much.
:
Green Lantern is going to be sick.
I'm so psyched.
Ops is right.
Going to cost Obama a lot of votes even though media BS spinning otherwise!
So much catching up to do on codeyear this weekend!
Still stalled on Week 3 from being so busy
and I'd be there with ya
Microcredit Options: Need funding for a small business?
Find out what's available.
Parker Williams Branch, Wed.
34:30PM...
I find solace in rooting for the winners that respect the game.
Someone tell me what's Gianna's number I lost it e!!!!
Email of the day: I'll be there tomorrow w/ the paper and some dumplings from our friends at Gigi's Asian Bistro  Dumpling House.
M...
Where'd you get those peepers
Travis Wall Workshop tonight!
Can not wait to see what he has to bring to the studio!
sittin on a fat wallet all day hurts my ass
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
enh.
Fairly minor.
For the saddle bolt shearing midoctorde...
:
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep....
the other half is Fantasy Life aka doctorAMS...
the way you want to do things.
Where did you meet your mate?
RT : Just placed a phn order 2 the local sub shop.
..
...Ready in 10 mins.
nicetobehome  VERY COOL!
i dont understand why you went to venezuela and not colombia...
Heat fans quiet an shit
nice ya just ask josh when he wants me 2 come by and im there
goodnight/good morning : 3
We need 2 color screen printed tshirts for June 16th, and we need quotes.
Any screen printers in the Pitt area?
always a pleasure!
sweet tell her to get on it lol
coming to on March 27!
No sudden moves: You're looking emotional commitment right in the eye.
Question: Where do you stand?
Back in biz mein!
: RIP 2 iPhone.
We lost a great part of the iPhone community lostiphone
So LukeBryan on ACM  it's getting hot in here!
yeah and Im fine.:
Happy Birthday!
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
We're excited to have as our venue sponsor for the 2012 Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE, September 2729.
Ya see?
We're just making doctorams come true.
we don't list squidoo pages
Seriously losing it here!!
LMAO!!
Have u ever had a breakfast pizza??
U can get a great 1  common grounds in fayettevillear!
Get a bloody Mary 2!
Best breakfast ever!
OMG  That was like a Twitter crosstweet/Retweet paranormal event.
I have goosebumps!
VIP at Barley House.
This is my weird existence.
we will say, an upgrade from the average
Just saw a commercial for a product called Sticky Buddy.
It even boasts about having rubber fingers.
I'd go must win series but game?
Naw.
Let's not be overly doctormatic.
Win or split the series is fine for now.
FYI.
If you are a local Columbus UX'er, you should connect with for monthly activities and community.
BIG BIZ Term of the Day ad valorem tax
Don't know how to feel...
I can't believe he has only hours to live  he's SEVEN years old.
I hate you cancer :
I thank you and the men of thank you.
A very special evening.
u know wht man I thnk white folks are supporting this, but I think there is some shock value here
just cover up your steve jobs heart tattoo
We heard your were mentioned on the radio this morning!
tell me more!
Just spoke with thousands of kids from around the country for a webinar on poverty  what kids can do to help.
A great session!
thanks boo :o
Hungarian police raided the set of Brad Pitt's new movie.
I guess the AK47's weren't properly disabled.
Oops.
Thank you!!
for choosing for your event!!!We hope to see all of you soon!
I will totally try to get showJesuslikeTebowandGrace trending
I love that neither of my kids holds grudges.
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket.
Adam Sandler
Longer lives may lead us to plan our lives differently.
What would you do differently?
Youre not an adult until you can handle situations maturely, are able to live on your own,  not say words like, swag.
18 yrs old is a lie
Leverage is being shot near my work, anyone want to go in on a loaf of bread, sit on a bench, and feed the extras?
Kong paid me a visit.
I missed him so much
Downloaded Fruity Loops 10 and I have no clue what the hell I'm doing.
I'm a Reason type producer but I must expand my talents...
are you alive...
I'm barely.
I dont feel welcome in my own house
Happy Happy Weekend!
follow before she commits!28
I think it would be better as a movie.
Good morning!
lmfaoo for now....
I get excited when I see the light.
I'm so excited for you!!: your doctorams are coming true!: you'll seriously love it!
lmfao you makin fun of me cause I said bro?
damn well at least yu had fun...i wanna partying
yeah we could've listened to another 1015 minutes for sure!
Very interesting story.
A clean Ruby is a happy DeAnn.
ta!!!
the day i go into school :/
Each day we grow older.
Each day we should grow wiser.
How are YOU doing today?
Thank you!
Hey, you got some beer there.
Yeah.
And you, uh, sure like cashews.
Traffic is horrible on 1604 and blanco
I have my first EOC today.
Yeah I'm gonna fail
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rockstar for one year!
A man who reads is irresistable in deed and in bed.
I love you :
O's undefeated.
For all you math fans, I love my new Mobius strip scarf.
I'm gonna wear it all day long tomorrow and no one can stop me!
:
Things you should do when you hit 30: Start eating meals that don't require ketchup.
nerd Predictions on next week ?
Will Eli do it again ?
Why did the idiot have his sundial floodlit ?So he could tell the time at night !
Went to Ferch's for lunch today and thought of you!
Next time you're in town, let's make a date!
I.
Demand.
Data.
Porn.
Hooray!
What did you order?
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
I need a summer Job so I could save up 4 the belive tour
What happened to Shoshana at this upcoming concert?
:
Wow, everyone is blowing up the lines for tickets Good luck, loves.
: I'll be taking your calls
did you mean me?
no  in your message!
:
lmao you definitely can girl :
Yes i ams : went straight to the mechanic and called Erik and now Im waiting for him areyouleaaaaving ?
;D
Yeah, I guess it works the same as having a Bordeaux designed for American palates on the market :
solid!
Gin  tonics this weekend?
I do, because then, feminist or not, it just seems ungracious.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Always stay yourself, there are others enough.
Be strong, be loud, be proud.
laying in my towel after that shower 
C'MON MAN DANG NASTY .
NOW I GOTTA LOGG OFF!
I'm no mathematician, but according to my calculations more people need to shut the fxck up.
Thank you!
Have a great week!
Great time of the year to be in WI...are you going to a GBP game?
It's thunderstorming : so relaxing.
Follow us at to get and updates in one place.
In each of UK's last 6 champ years, the Yankees went on to win the World Series later that year.
They look great!
!RT Wowza!!
Just saw a few of the pics from my photo shoot!
Thank you Martin Mann!
I am ashamed to admit I am clueless on how to update/maintain lists in Hootsuite so I have to keep opening regular twitter to fix things
our pleasure!
Thanks!!!
tweeting for class.
leggooo
When I'm Nervous Or There's Too Much Pressure On Me, It All Of A Sudden Gets Really Fuckin Hot In The Room Lbs
because you had to :P
everybody who now posts meme will soon be sick of everybody posting meme, which will then return to obscurity.
lol I'm about to have one again
U a stupid hoe!!
lol I know.
But I mean I don't use that hashtag.
Vegas this weekend with my 3 best friends.
Can it get any better?
West Potomac hires Jeremiah Davis, former Penn State defensive lineman ...
Washington Post
no advice just now, but I like that you're asking the question.
I remember mine were so boring and uninformative.
What a waste.
Poor Megan.
Did you know that for every fan on Facebook it equates to up to 20 views on your website...?
At the gym , got my membership.
Bout to be up here everyday
Go South Dakota State!!
Jackrabbit Fever!
Any idea where it will be?
I'm the keynote today at the 2012 Records Knowledge Conference in Sacramento, speaking on Information Governance.
Two dogs
Added finishing touches to my garden with oregano and fennel today.
Financial rationalization: don't buy a  buy a plant.
Hall Pass In my pants
wants to know who is going to Racine tomorrow morning?
I bs crooked grinded the kinked rail at nani falcone today, im feelin like
After catching up on my Politifact fact checking I have determined that, at best, whatever any politician says will be rated mostly false
Avengers in 3D tonight!!
Can't wait!
I REALLY need to escape reality today!
Stuffed with plutonium, served with side of Rhino husk
Next post: Key Question: How Much Is Enough?
iTunes media successfully moved to external hard doctorve!
Now I can load and edit more Discovery photos...
Walt Disney's Give A Day Get A Day Service Program to promote the importance of volunteerism Begins Jan.
2010.
CHECK IT OUT!
What part of Brooklyn are you in?
I love the ads on mtv: condoms, pregnancy tests, and beauty/hygene products.
My wife and kids is hilarious!
I would love to go to blogher12 Am open to a sponsor:D I'm a good sharer!
me too :D
you might as well make your way down princess anne
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
Benjamin Franklin
I wish I had a delete button in my life.
To delete somebody, some memories, and some feelings.
Glorious Trainwrecks game design jam, playtesting attendees' board and card games, learning Cataan, and more this morning at THATCamp Games
Bruce the yakker!!!!!
i get rich selling the same thing twice haha
It's a divisive issue, and that sort of mental, logical and spiritual gymnastics hurts only makes things worse imo
How are yal this evening
Thanks so much for your support.
I want to go!
But I don't think I can make it.
Vegas has me in its grasp...
It scares me how fast time is flying!
I just need to slow down and enjoy.
Kentucky derby is nuts.
Finally pulling into cincy
Got my tickets for the flight down to NAB.
Vegas twice in one week.
Have a gig there weekend before.
I've been wearing my event planning hat today!
I have renewed appreciation for fulltime event planners!
Need a project, what u got people my woodworking skills r impecable
Another wonderful event at TRU lst night.
If u act, direct, write or produce check them out.
Very helpful and informative.
www.TRU.org
about to be the dumbest guy in the room.
It's amazing how someone can be so self absorbed and starved for attention that they take revenge as a compliment.
but he's a really nice guy!
i mean he likes michael jackson too ; that's all we talk about is michael jackson :
Its actually scary how much hair I lose every morning!
I said Shelby is the coolest cause she follows me even though she secretly loves The Wobble.
I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
Chinese Proverb
may 20th buddy reunion :
I love .
Thank You for doctoramchasers2 MMG !!!
You weren't following me?!
Haha.
The worst.
haha yes, i got it.
I do to in school my class only got to watch thriller
New HC law offers no provision to Arizonas somewhat unusual circumstances.
Are you searching for an appro
Its almost too easy?
Yeah, I'd pretty much say until it's doctors that have looked at him, ignore everything.
u play to win the game!
then the only stat that matters is in the win/loss column
okayy  I don't care k  i'm pissed so fuck off bitch
RT : RT : your journey is making me look at the vanity that has me coloring my silver.
We open today from noon to 10pm!
Stay tuned for the deal of the day.
Can't make it to this year's but want exposure to our attendees  website visitors?
No problem.
Donate a door prize!
Had great hamburgers at Cheeseburger in Paradise in Lahaina in Maui and now for shopping!
no set times.
Sorry!
Just need to listen :
Ben's mom was watching Luke asked if he preferred 2 go 2 Taco Bell or McDonalds  he replied Wasabi!
CTFU I.can't
How TF does Lil B make money
Just invested in my first pair of colorful jeans since 7th grade :
RT : Hey captainha creators, stop calling them words those are not words.
They're random combobulations of letters which hurt my eyes.
Your a great poet as well Bon!
Did you get the email I sent?
Let me know what you think ok :D
I used to subscribe to but stopped after a few months.
The great thing about is that their stuff is free!
i skipped the dying part  went right to the deviled eggs
oh really?
What you coming down for?
Had to reference copyright law today.
Felt good.
Thanks Randy!
ha ha love it
check out the link...
I believe that any team that does its best is a winner.
Mike Krzyzewski
: just don't blow a vein from excitement.// too late!
:
My wife doesnt understand that anything I said 6months ago is inadmissible in an argument.In fact,all comments become nullvoid after 7days
Ugh i knew when i moved up here that i was gonna see a bunch of people i knew
A couple of hours on the casino floor and I feel like I've swallowed several lit cigarettes.
Sorta ready for a smokefree environment
omfg no you don't
Dude's recounting happenings  Smithsonian: 25 protesters pepper sprayed at Air  Space.
Saw tweet CNN might cover.
My boss was humming if I only had a brain today.
Took all I had not to bust out laughing and agree!
Which one of you comics want to write an article for the site?
Back in NYC
He wasn't before!!
I met him when he WASN'T famous.
Diva.
Most of the people that cover songs on youtube are better than half the people on the radio..
sounds fun and fab to me!
Pumpkin Carving tonight at 9ish.
judging around 11pm...
doctorss warm as the gutting happens outside.
Wats twitter jail
Indigo Girls concert tonight with my 15 year old dd, motion hearing in the morning.
Good thing I didn't lose my voice.
That's true.
Everything will make sense
Bets on who's out on idol tonight?
chiquita banana miss joy or oil rig boy
250M / 3 million users
apologize for the delay, we've super busy baking CAKE : I promise to shoot you an email tomorrow  Graham.
The Isthmus Beer and Cheese Fest happening today at Alliant Energy CenterExhibition Hall until 6 p.m.
Don't miss it!
Thanks for ReTweeting!
what happen if I got Basic in Biology?
Do I have to retake it or just move on to Chemistry??
Thanks for the follow, Ciara!
Hey Austin is there a chance you could follow me plz?
I love you and your voice,etc lol
may I suggest Alex P.
Keaton?
don't forget to set up a password or your neighbors will have free Internet
Superhumans Are Real!
Shaolin monks can do weird stuff
RT: How are you going to make your mark on the world?
Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you./True!
Maybe it's pricing that appeals to women...that said, I know where I'm off to on lunch break...
With snack nests, it's true.
Please do not ever look at the rest of our lives or decisions.
Would like to chat with you about your efforts in the AA community if you have a second...I am the CDO for Baltimore City
3:15 wake up call...totally worth it for this weekend.
Love is like a thief with a knife, you never know when it's going to hit you.
I didn't like it
I need to shower NOW!
get out of the bathroom!
Let's ride some fucking bike!!
Get in my belly!!!
What do you think of pairings so far?
the best:
Well.....looks like I have a long night ahead of me.
First of many that'll happen in the next three weeks.
changing pitch without stretching time in as3, anyone ?
Follow me on instagram.
Tons of work to do and all I can think about is baking cakes.
It MUST be the last day of class.
Shelley for Heisman.
am watching an MJ doco.
so so talented but a strange and disturbed man.
Ron Paul wins Idaho Straw Poll!
so wild dude!
I thought I was just dizzy or something for a second
: catch you on the flip side mothafuckaaa!!;D
Celebrate 4th of July Sunday night at Diva with DJ Kris Graham
I tailgate with beer and flip flops
S/O and Happy Birthday to my fellow SilverSpring Spartan Alum
You're very welcome!
Hope you both had a great weekend!
Do Tax Resolution Firms Really Negotiate to Lower Your IRS Debt?
Youve seen the TV commercials so many times!
Tax resolution firm
Could you repeat that?
First line 192 of wpsettings registers the root theme directory.
Almost always wpcontent/themes.
everything you are thinking of I had a cart full of
schematics is just that new word...like a 3 syllabled
THANK YOU for making me laugh so hard!
It's amazing how bad that stuff stinks!!
Was Shawn Johnson ever planning on competing at U.S.
Classics next week?
Am I off in thinking that she was supposed to compete there?
ItsAmazingHow My neighbor like underage teenage girls, yet, his favorite shows are To catch a predator  Law  Order: SVU.
Not kidding.
I absolutely love Rios going to RF!
He's such a better hitter when he's not trying to pull everything!
but but but...
yea likely the best option, im rarely ever able to do opening days anymore anyway
aww...thanks!
the love of place is a powerful thing
Anyone who gives credibility to Tom Brady choking or tarnishing his legacy has lost their mind.
Big picture people.
dont wanna give in so we both gave up
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 67
My illustration grad class did this!
But half forgot to include pips, so it's quite unusable.
More like coolest yearbook ever.
TEXAN need to win this one if they tryin to make it to the top.
Sorry about the Phish setlist feed last night.
The Actors' Lounge is going down Wednesday Night at 8:30!
5 admission at the door.
BRING OUT THE ROLLRUS, IT'S SAVE TIME.
With Thanksgiving only a few short days away, what are you most thankful for this year?
: I love  Nickasaur 3 his music makes my heart sing :3
Another new acting role!
I'll be playing Amber, a pizzeria waitress, in Jannick Gluck's The Map to My World shooting next weekend.
: Ashamed you should be to the people who are saying frazier has passed.joe fraziers agent says its not true.
fuck bill o'riley
BrewCityStompDown2012 tickets will be sold in the atrium of the UWM union 67pm today.
25.08 cash only
he hands out wth everyone in his grade btw!!!!!
So, I am crazy about my dp, it's fucking beautiful, ain't it?
Clippers couldn't of made this incredible of a comeback to lose.
Lets do this clips
and me you jerkk
What a good day chicken teriyaki and a new deck 
BMSPF BUY ALERT PLAYERS RUMOR MILLLOTS OF BUZZ GET ON IT BEFORE EOD .12 TARGETED
GO Steelers!
lol
With a chance of grapple.
: Is it windy?
: This weather can literally blow me
I love it...I wanted to get together hut I been so busy
Dye the whole thing a different color!
Okay, maybe that's not the first option.
Bulimia can be exhausting.
I have to take one full day off every week where I actually injest food
Our online menus have been updated for SB46.
Please note that we are not offering lunch specials this week in order provide faster service.
How much should I worry about Strasburg's IP limit?
Just got offered Grandy for him ...think I'm gonna take that.
how are you?
Woman sitting in front of me...no need to apply your perfume like Agent Orange...but it is killing me!!!
He better not bail on me !
how much does Disney influence the growth of Orlando?
hate you for getting to see that :
which tweetup are u talking about?
Looking forward to seeing a packed Gesa Stadium tomorrow night for Cougar Baseball!
and oh I am on instagram too photographing all my meals for veganmay.
We could start a movement!
NHS essay was the biggest BS I've ever written.
Ugh im so exhausted in so many ways.
:/
someone else got caught again???
Thx, posted late last night that everyone I know seems to be on Twitter, so I'm giving it a second shot.
bringing new meaning to the jingle 'hold the pickle, hold the lettuce...'
Thanks for the mention.
Happy 2012!
watching the russian rolletes vs.
maiden milwaukee!
Oiy!
6 blended Swirl Margaritas to celebrate this gorgeous day!!!
Ya think?
RT : Aries get irritated by people who can't see their point of view.
watching idol and it's showing San Diego.
makes me miss
I have a fever.
And no one's here to look after me!
Waaaaaahhhhh!
demands sympathy 
Thanks for showing others how well we're tracking mobile devices!
what's up?
hey carrie, thanks  but where did you find that link?
YOLO FISH same thing
A bit annoyed by ...
I ordered a falsely advertised wool coat.
Life is a lot better if you just smile, even in the worst times.
One mud run down, one more to go!!!!
here we come 
I LOVE THIS GAME GO STEELERS!!!
just waiting for midnight.
:
Great season guys!!
Congrats on making it to the finals 2 years in a row.
Seems someone stole our garbage can while we were out of town last week.
Hope they are enjoying all the dirty diapers!
still laughing
no it isnt...
and i lost anyway !!
good race though !
Did anyone hear that fucking thunder last night?
Ordered new cd!!
The ultimite guilty package cant wait
Today I made a cookie cake to celebrates sam bday earlybefore he leaves for camp
So pretty!
You and Thai food definitely have got a romance going...
;
Super Tuesday in SF!
Registration open for Fogtown, Gold Rush, Golden Gate, Redwoods and Yerba Buena Leagues!...
Aloe blacc live on BBC radio 1 is blowing my mind right now
RT : Steven Tyler is there and they didn't get him to sing the anthem.
I hate Facebook...
can we go back to MySpace yet?
coming down to Philly for a phillies game next month.
any recommendations on where to sit??
Dancing  Standing Around Playing Beer Pong.
If anyone needs any web design help our design students are looking for projects.
Itll be free and good quality.
Ratchetness SMH : Why does oomf keep asking me to pay for her boob job?!!
lol
Sittin front and center at comedy works!
Good stuff

This lame skool Garner High just to c this nigga wow
im dern bad
weird Charlie was supposed to be at the premiere tonight too!
Agreed.
RT Admittedly, I'm no economist, but I don't see any way that RTW spurs more economic dev't than mass transit.
almost five p.m.
i'm getting ready to leave the house for the first time today :
i hate getting the fun out of things when they are so far away.
Off to do homework.
Alright, let's see what Yesterday is worth.
You're Killing ME!!
Lets meet up either here in LA or back in NY if you get out there soon.
cc
Do you think Cuomo feels left out of that Christie/Booker thing
We're excited that today kicks off the first day of a month of springtraining!
Anyone going to be enjoying some games in March?
Grind hard and just live fast
The Picture of Dorian Grey by Oscar Wilde was my first public domain ebook download.
S/O 2 shes so pretty go follow her for me :
I always feel like a retard when i try to order indian food.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Holidays!
where?
my official title is instructional technology librarian, so that could be good :
The Clinic On Holly...1st Place Sativa...Stardawg Guava!!!
RT : I can't wait to see Kenny Loggins!
Thanks!!
I appreciate ya!
Love it!
RT : Look at the students on your left and right, It's our goal to make sure all three of you graduate.
doctor Hrabowski
Hope you had a great ride!
Take 'em to school RT : group guys I play with a/b 10 yrs younger than me.
Try to clown a/b my ankle braces  pregame warmups
awe thanks Madison :
hot damn
buddytheelf what's your favorite color?
Lol good night!
Sat.
4/7 we're hosting our 3rd Annual A Youthfield Day Picnic on Haulover Beach  12 noon, fundoctorising to purchase youth members tshirts.
For a moment, you made the world stand still.
Yeah, We Owned The Night.
...which is probably why retweeted it .In spite of all this we very much support your efforts !
;
When words leave off, music begins.
Heinrich Heine
pretty good!
and you?
Got out of class fucking early today and now I have nothing to do
I can't do another program.
Just no.
Been jammin for about 5 hours now, 2 different projects.
Getting it in.
where are you these days?
A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Good thing Velocity Engine is no longer on the table.
Thanks.
Heading to the preGala party right about now...
Spring is nature's way of saying, Let's party!
I think around here they throw in a hot dog and call it a garbage plate.
Your name is better.
This is going to be a seriously long day of travelling.
Gotta head back East
Exert your talents, and distinguish yourself, and don't think of retiring from the world, until the world will be sorry that you retire.
Sa
I'm too perfect for anyone to handle.
ReasonsThatImSingle ok
Eatin food /w ;D
I don't know.
My addoctorss is 1608 H Street and my phone is 2027251041.
My internet has been very unreliable lately.
Up/down
New icon cause went all caps on my instagram..
:
Off to show our Ethiopia visitor the beauty of the Oregon coast  cannon beach.Great time past 2days w/ families who adopted from Ethiopia
he meant Emeril......
She's 8, a 3rd grader.
The best thing I have ever helped design.
Collection acquisition based on usage
Get rid of that old acoustic ceiling, then add some crown moulding.At misterD's we can do both and chances are you can get the crown for free !
Whenever you're sick ima call you ASNEEZY lol.
Vince Gill giveaway?
Grab our easy to use shell and create it even quicker!
Thanks and for the RT!
Awesome game by the Tribe last night.
Nothing more thrilling than seeing the bats come alive and giving Boston a pounding.
RNG BETTER STAY...
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
William Arthur Ward
Baltimore City MVA's hours stink.
New title?
Must go on a weekday.
or you guys can come to the dark side: Broward
The winning 100m dash time at the US outdoor championship was 10.04....
shoulda jumped in that race
i think sportingkc should doctorft a christian missionary with minimal soccer skills in the first round....for obvious reasons....
You said it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?
Thanks for the S/O!
RT Thanks for the follow!
PS..if you're not following this guy, you should be!
Still time to get your deal for the pub crawl!
We are at right now!
Great table reading today.
Future looks bright!
the times have changed, now throw being jealous in the mix and now all I know of you is a name.
wow!
What's wrong friend!
U illn!
Check out: PS: I still feel a little like an old man using Twitter/not sure if I'm using it right.
Hah!
whats up man?
ItsAGirlThing when she needs her boyfriend to hold at night ItsAGirlThing when she misses you every second
Sign up for an appointment with our Job and Career Resource Assistance Center!
Need help finding a job or building your resume?
Let us help!
you can't judge a band by only listening to one song..
I am being mad lazy right now...but I gotta finish this packing...ugh
Make sure you follow us so you can have a chance at winning FREE gym pass to our club and spa services!
Starting 10/24/11
Thanks Sid!
xo
Thanks yo.
Nothing I'd rather be doing right now than studying for our goddamn Spanish exam
Stop by Maui Mall tonight at 6:30 p.m., Maui Taiko Group will perform!
We'll also have our hula show with Dance Int'l at 1pm on Sat!
ah spilanthes...
love and hate.
orioles got to find a lf if reimold out long with injury..this guy chavez is a stiff
please follow me!!!!!
Sometimes I feel like the parent with my mom
I was in the studio, Just came home!
Now, im on my way to the Gym, high traffic in downtown!
Workout time!
Need a laugh???
Why don't Tigger and Piglet have friends in 100 Acre woods?
I defy gravity
i don't talk to her much anymore!
7 Powerful Lessons I learned From Zig Ziglar via Don't always agree with ZZ, but these are gold ...
I thought we were past all of the I am an expert thing....
?
for '11: how will ball travel in new TD Ameritrade Park?
Could it be a Pitchers' park?
Ball jumped in the Blatt!!
Time to get my yoga on.
6 days in a row!
Yay!
RT I honestly feel terrible for the traveling Cauldoctorn.
what?
Don't we will follow where ever they go.
Bottom or the top!
Loved your doctorss.
Think its time for some allergy shots
there are ppl tht have everythin in their life;but there are ppl that dont even get a hand to help them
If they put me in the corner I swear...haha, let the night of interruptions begin!
LOL.
Watching: Bus Stop, need a little time with Marilyn Monroe...
school will be the end of me!
AH
Nice!
I've read some of good coverage of

there's a dollar on the floor  me : girl let me out of the car ...
We are no better then this lmao
i have the best friends in the whole wide world 
Happy writerwednesday!
How early in the day do you start your creative process?
Early riser ; nightowl?
i am trying to find a lowcost/nocost vacation option for the first week of September.
Suggestions?
So I'm going to end up buying a one time license for FotR.
This lil white girl is mocking me and my sister
Fish runs using papers of operator of plane that burned Paranaque school, killing 14
Just followed on Instagram ..
sexy dog.
hahhahahaha.
if only he knew.
Calipari on the setting: By not having fans, it wasnt what it couldve been, but they just didnt know what would happen.
fair enough...
When will we find out?
James Thurber All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why.
People are talking about an earthquake about 8:40 a.m.
this morning!
Did you feel it?
100 mill will do that.
Many thanks Jase!
See y at VMworld!
Look with your eyes.
See with your heart.
Up early in the studio:We grinding how bout yall???
I hope you do!
Good for you!!!
Thanks for the FF mention!
Beautiful Fall weekend in South Texas  the hill country.
Enjoy some Live Music this weekend!
you'd think the commercials on MadMen would be better, out of respect for the art form.
I'm Out G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
May 15,1952: Churchill We are reaping where others sowed.
Soon we shall reap our own crop.
St James in Cimarron NM?
Supposedly it's just the 19th C part of the hotel.
you will get kissed by billy to someday , so dont be jealous !
Just finished my morning sessions now off to class.
Than eat than some training sessions.
wow totally just spelled Heidi's twitter name wrong!
Lol
Just beacuse it's called Summer Break don't mean you can't grind.
Work Ethic is required if you really want to shine  Legacy
I'm always solo dolo though.
Most people are conniving.
That's why remain to myself most of the time.
I know, thankfully it wasn't TOO too much and no one was hurt.
And the response from the public has been great.
you too!
3
play your part , and we will never have to part .
Thanks!
Now, on to all the research I've neglected during the semester...
Its takin a nap after morning class tuesday
doctornkenness is temporary suicide  Bertrand Russell.
Waiting in line for Harry Potter!!!!!!!!!
In the Studio, again, working on some new stuff!
HOUSE mix will be released tomorrow, STAY TUNED!
Always hearing new things  I saw what he did with the charity Its greatHis god at soccer too!that perfume smells good
Where at??RT EVERYBODY gettin fucked up for my bday...I'm havin a lock in....one way in, no way out !
Finding building 6
In all fairness I would've said the same thing he did.
Giro live video coverage starts just after Arezzo; the roads I know are every one before that, unfortunately.
TTYL
There's a price to pay for everything you gain.
You've seen me dance.
Now watch me fornicate.
well let me know the dates and ill do my best to be there :
Sex is not the answer.
Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer.
Designing your own website is fun yet tedious!
Should be up and running by this weekend!
And my blog :
RT  Love The Browns Cavs Monsters!
Hate the Cleveland Indians!
Go Yankees!
My credits are counting on you.
Good game already.
Hi Happy Friday.
Thanks for the mention.
:
your son is 15????
he grew up fast since last I saw him
I'm coming up on Thursday!
Will you be around??
curling up with battlestar galactica for valentines night.
this is not code as much as i wish it were.
this is fabulous!
would you prefer rain or snow?
I voted for 400 times and I also voted for 400 times...
score :
follow me I follow back
i'm used to it.
also, that union game was not my fault.
ask anyone.
thnx for the cell phone information.
We are collecting old cell phones  all locations
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW 
Yes our PD today was not required because we do not report back until the 17th all but 2 teachers attended
The waiters are now arguing about how to speak proper spanish.
Prop bet on Bobcats w/Davis making playoffs within 3 years?
I would have kept Favre instead of Rodgers  Skip Bayless

Nope, no previous husbands!
After i hit send this morning and reread what I wrote I thought the same thing.
The First day of school has begun for some student athletes.
Education is knowledge, and knowledge is power
Oil spill and spilled sour milk on the 100 Block of Randolph Place NW; dispatching shortly to investigate
Tell me about it, I couldn't stop looking though.
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong
GOOD Morning!!!
Its Friday!!!!
The last wal mart run of college.
Big decisions dont seem that serious untill you the one left deciding :
What'd you get?
;
: HappyEaster everyone.
Thanks!
You too!!
Second that!
RT : Also and PS?
Boingo I don't like you very much.
Thanks for the feedback, but I'm thinking Octopus!!!!!!!!
That awkward moment when you want to go bra shopping, but you're a guy.
No, I just step in dog shit and track it into your car.
Happy Birthday!
: Sounds intersting!
The conference explores experimental writing  its many, varying communities.
S/o to the Fam for last nights shoot!!
its for a music company shoots Monday pool party setand that's all the info so far .
new Baghaus video  naked native TV
Don't think about what the world wants; consider what makes you come alive.
there's a bowling class there?
follow me back i was sending u my info lol
Headed to Grosse Pointe for DePaul University alumni event.
Strange to be so far east.
Closing out Madden 13 Community Day with and Good productive week, excited for June 4th E3 Chatter
No.
PAHAHHAHAHAAHAA.
I'ma make u suffer
What a week!
I had such a great BIRTHDAY celebration.
Thanks to all my best friends, very special guests, and family members.
Thank you!
she's been knocked over the head and doctorgged there
is quoting in who will remember your name ?
We ask donors this during philanthropic planning
the sunset reminded me that the world is a wonderful place bigger than the madness of the day my eyes close and I doctoram of joy
5 more days.
I hate it when i want to talk to someone  they dont text me or call me .'
Dear person hacking , stop.
You're rude and obviously have nothing better to do.
Wow, you're so immature.
How bout !MEEKIE C.!
lol love ya!!
Abundance can be a good thing, but it's relative.
Today we have as many opportunities to be happy as we ever will.
Helicopters don't fly; they vibrate so much and make so much noise that the earth rejects them.
ireallywant Monica, that's my baby
Derange Your Senses.
Wildly COnfound Them.
Take Them To Applebee's And Tell Them They Are PRetty But Never Call Them Back
said he danced just for me tonight.
Omgomgomgomg 
Oh, and I can so see my Ben and Jerrys sitting in my new freezer
50 cents/hole!
RT : Did you see the deal today?
18 for 18 holes for two!
That's a good deal!
So cute!
My daughters are the same way.
Learning about pianos on a Saturday morning!!
How are you spending your Saturday morning?!?!
Bored and not feeling
Video chatting with my brother .
It's his birthday !
lol pudding lips but love yu to sweet cheeks lol
I like it when people solve problems I did know existed..
Thank you for following me!!!!
Another good one to follow is
jams RT : It might sound crazy but it ain't no lie baby bye bye bye.
of course any sport
Out with my brother
: Happy 100th birthday!
Thank You!
Our partnership helps build girls of courage, confidence,  character.
I earned my money today..lol
No prob!
Need us to bring a stack in or did you grab some?
: thank you for the rad writeup in the stream!
Gun Shot , Fire Burns , Marilyn Monroe, Forever Young, Beez in the Trap my favorite !!
Wait wat am I doing ; the whole album fire !!
Former teen idol Devon Sawa turns 33 today.
i don't think our future is bright then :/ most of the orders should begin arriving to people on friday at the earliest
Hang Loose
If anyone wants to bring me an almond croissant in bed, I'll love you forever.
:
haha not me......
I speak it fluently but my Mexican words kinda get scrambled in my English
this stupid little man playing chicken w me cause I passed him on
I did my duty  ate choco chips.
RT : National Chocolate Chip Day celebrates  enjoys chocolate chips.
Big week: met w , got editing going from PT, saw speak at Ignite.
Spent!
Bitches is mad
How much more consternation when they realize that this interpretation has held sway in the 9th Cir.
for years?
Thanks to all my new followers!
Hoping to tweet things of interest for genealogy community.
Care  handling of materials questions?
Ask!
when you start living your passion every day is school.
24/7.
I know.
So young.
I think people will be surprised as they hear all the things he did during his short lifetime.
Sad to hear Patrice O'Neal has passed away.
Extremely funny.
Too young.
A youngin full of pride with intentions of a G
Diversity may be the hardest thing for a society to live with, and perhaps the most dangerous thing for a society to be without....
In Santa Clarita for my brother's soccer game..
Its hot already
Will be attending the Digital Signage  KioskCom conventions at Mandalay Bay this week.
doctorving in the rain in DC, MD, or VA is a big joke!!!!!!!!!
It's not ICE people;
My guess is it doesn't have that 'warming effect' either.
That would make it more pleasurable for everyone.
Just considered mugging a hipster in tight jeans, for the 12pack of lonestar and a bag of Doritos he was carrying.
Austin!
Will you ever notice me?!
D: Please follow me 3
Excited to hang out with tonight to talk web goodness and catch up!
It is a great shame that The News of the World has had to close, the paper has been around forever.
The actions of a few have cost dearly
Saying a prayer for all the families that lost there home in Texas in the fires.
Can you follow me so I can send you a direct message?
Thanks!
Why isn't everyone watching Fringe so creative and excellent tv
Or does it actually increase the value of the parts of an index that enable semantic engagement with the book?
Thanks for the retweet, Mary!
Love your blog and the beautiful photographs!
We will be at the Blue Note Lounge tonight with Lost in Society and American Pinup.
See you there.
Not the way you wanted to get on the map, but you're on the map!
I ordered a sazerac tonight.
I bet would be proud!
easy weight loss trick.
Add boiling water to oat bran, stir let sit 5 minutes  strain.
doctornk oatmeal H20 warm or cold.
Filling excellent 4u
great documentary!!
Their live at Wembly show rocks!!!
Keep dimming automatically, laptop screen.
We love that.
um..yeah I think so.
Thought he was an innocent, shy child..
jersey shore!
We love this :
So did I!!
But tonight on girls they definitely referenced it.
We missed that plot point big time.
Thanks for good wishes.
Have a great week!
please know that your sweet tweets helped me get through the day.
Your just a boy ; u just dont understand
With a new consumer confidence report out, we thought wed get your take.
How confidently have you saved and/or spent this holiday season?
So excited to be taking my boys to today.
Its the park I went to all the time as a kid and now they get to experience it.
yet again I descend into the valley of zombies...armed only with my wit and good looks, hoping to connect with nonzombies
haha same, but it's gotta happen every now and again, there's a lot of pressure on him right now so it's understandable
Audience impressed by the physicality of the show SUinNYCTheater Tracie says she relies on muscle memory and her dance training
She's overboard, selfassured..
If you advertise your vacancy, don't have it all lead to your phone line.
Direct everything to your listing website.
Go TeamAlton this challenge is in the bag for you!
Sam Adams Winter Lager is now on tap.
Come by and have one!

I got niggas from Florida to new mexico
Need the perfect last minute gift for that special someone in your life?!
ALLINCLUSIVE Big Night tickets are a sure win !!
yes go to frontier they have sides
How you can get the good butterflies  the bad butterflies from the same person 
thanks for checking it out Sarah!
You rule!
When planning events, remember, nothing HAS to be ordinary, their are ways to maneuver in all settings!
Put your stamp on all you do!
Just heard about a study that working 11 hours a day can kill you.
good thing im workin 11 the next 10 days.
What do you get when you add bountygate and spygate?
The New Orleans Saints!
Congratulations to of !!!
This year's 2011SCOREAWARDS Lou Campinelli award winner
Did you already fill the spot to follow?
I'm sure, but just asking :
oops, that last tweet was for someone else...
Music trade group IFPI has found a way to shut down piratical websitesit wants to curtail their ability to accept major credit cards.
First thing Adam said to Eve: No you do not look fat in your leaf.
Ryan Styles
Looking for a portrait photographer in Manchester, NH.
Anyone have recommendations?
Happy Thanksgiving!
TurkeyTip If frying turkey place your bird in the pot and then fill pot with oil to avoid spillage of hot oil
NM Telegram blogger and The Morning Word columnist is a panelist on The Line tomorrow.
What's his take on Wiener ?
u seriously wna get hit ?
Lol
Text RED CROSS to 90999 to donate 10 for Japan disaster relief.
Omg I had no idea peanut butter with chocolate chips existed.
Genius.
Why didnt anyone tell me earlier?!?!
Too many emotions going on right now.
I want to explode.
I need to pray and dance.
Hey Babe!
: Okay so you might be a couple years apart BUT WE ARE still date able!
;
don't give value to an ignorant stereotype.
just do you.
To top it off...on my white pants :/
You are right, thanks for the info.
that was a great clip!
lmao!
Dale we ready!
OOMF doesn't know what she just did.
:D
In a Westwood highrise having a planking contest with
I should probably write a review of A Single Man before I forget lots of stuff about it...
everydayithinkabout doctorpping out of school and becoming a hobo or joining the peace corps whichever comes first :P
Special thanks to !
Hire the Qualified Staffs Only.
Know what you want from your workers
Bride Maids , is a HILARIOUS Movie !!!
XD.
alright I'm trying to get in contact with Jeremy.
This would help out so much man
DID YOU EVER WONDER...
What came first, the fruit or the color orange?
In doctorams I prowl Through streets and dark corridors Stalking my sweet prey.
Great victory for the Lakers!
Still not convince since it's a back to back night for Detroit.
Tomorrow LA vs Phoenix!
cleaning my room ugh i need to study for my AP test tomorrow :
Looking forward to the '90s.
I'm against the '80s, needless to say
Either Way You Gone Be Cute!!
But i Prefer The Short Hair On You!
can I just say you are so great in king of queens I watch every night on tv land with my gf before bed
New Chant to cops We are Human what are you?
That was used in the UK recently.
Thanks to and for the follows today and to for the RT.
Have a great weekend everyone!
rickie fowler is my man.
inlove champ!
Thank you for your support Sylvia Gomez.
I appreciate it.
Inquisitiveness and strength make me want to rise above my valleybound brothers.
I must reach the summit to see the truth.
Wow, what's the conference?
I'll check w/the ladies :
Holy.....shit, that was far.
OKAY GOOGLE WE GET IT!!!
that sounds great, anything to promote learning Chinese!
Stuck in a moment with you.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS!
A SPECIAL MOTHER'S DAY TO MY PERSONAL ANGEL IN HEAVEN, MY MOMMY.
MAY YOU CONTINUE TO R.I.P.
Watching The Sandlot :
Finally after much boycott I caved and joined Twitter...
mainly just to follow certain peeps in the industry
Happy Monday!
Don't let the bad weather scare you away, we have wonderful lunch specials including an Oyster Po' Boy Sandwich for 12.95!
Good luck to the '96 Ladies of in the Nevada State Cup Final!
Dare to be different.
Rise above.
Create a legacy!
Pacers and Cubbies on at the same time, lots of channel jumping goin on!
U could do anything right now on the streets..the police in to something
Baltimore was insanely wonderful as always.
The greatest city in the world.
You should definitely visit if you get a chance.
Let your lights welcome you home.
With a lighting system, you can press a button and your interior/exterior lights turn on as you arrive
A parent from Educare Kansas City talked about how the school helps her 3yrold daughter learn.
It's a shame.
I really enjoy watching Duffy throw.
Great stuff.
nothing else to do.
Might as well tweet
Attending 5tools webinar by I'm sure it will be as awesome as ever.
i wanna wear shorts to school!!

OINK FLAP OINK FLAP  Well I'll be darned!
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
I still dont think texting and flirting is cheating....
still AMAZIN!!!!!!!!
Why is November the month to give thanks?
Thank someone today and everyday.
It will be appreciated.
Thanks for all you do!
Its almost time for to go to jail!!!
Help BAIL her out to HELP raise money for MDA!
She is at 800 and needs to 2.4k!
if u only have love for your own race, u only leave space to discriminate, and to discriminate only generates hate, u bound to get irate
Dont miss Pastorals monthly wine tasting event tomorrow at Come enjoy a free sampling of artisan wines.
Can you DM your email and I'll work with you to get your account set up?
it's not that early lol
have you tried doctornking olive oil?!
I know what your gunna say Eww!
But eww is right, I doctornk some olive oil.
It makes your throat smooth
LeBron with a big shot, in the last minute.
Harsco Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results From Operations
5thingsaboutme 5.
I rarely Cry.
Not even if I'm really hurt or in Pain.
But sometimes I Break Down.
And it's Bad.
I wrote a song it's called This is my life ...
I'm gonna make a video of me singing it and put it on Yayy!
Oh hell yeah!
RT : Interesting thought...
Legislative deadlock is favorable to legislative impulsiveness.
Will Morrisey.
No, I downloaded the trial and then put in that came from adobe licensing
Please help me find molly?
Thanks : How are things at Rafter?
Today is my 21st birthday i was wondering if you guys could tweet me
Chipped my tooth today playing marco polo sillyme!
It's cold tonight
g'day hero Eddy sire; been many moons as my fleet reconditioning biz has been doubling ea 6mos since Jan 2011!
;
We're able to celebrate 20 years because of viewers like you.
Thank you for watching!
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
My camera has been on hiatus too long...and this herbal cleanse has my palate aching for delightful food...
Damn I knew I was out of shape, but the way I feel after that run....MAN I'm more out of shape then i thought smh
I see a difference  keep it up
Dark Knight Rises trailer before Avengers?
nerdgasm.
Very thankful for 1am showtimes!
Something Simple?
That one person that makes you smile...
lol Yes please don't leave me haha
Thursday.
The day before Friday.
They should have never pentalized John Barnes, I know he is a hot head, but he has supported the Series since they were called the IRL.
so i wanna go out on n date
Do you think Global Warming caused by Green House gases exists?
I dont!
Read up www.icraigery.com Tell me what you think!
Happy New Year !!
dude i like your shirt!
Me John, Big Tree.
Funniest Loiter Squad episode yet
OK i will let you know.
Thanks again for the invitation!
:D
Suffering from prepuppet show nerves.
You know, like kids have welldeveloped abilities to critique.
TheTakingofPelham123 this movie is intense!!!!
didja have to wake him?
Agreed.
It should be an item on the Letter of Intent.
Very inspiring seminar today with Graeme Edwards!
Now taking a limo to for pres team diner!
I love tv dont you?
Buffalo treats for little Bettses.
basketball play was good, it's hurting now.
Folks from Infineta were sorry to have missed you at Interop.
Still interested in a chat now that you're back?
lol so funny
we try!
I have 99 in my top ten for good faith.
I want him to do well so badly.
But he won't.
I have nothing to do this weekend.
I live in this huge city and can't find anything to do.
Tragic :
I switched to the new TIMELINE!
Pretty cool stuff....check it out!
: 
: you're so attractiveamazing!
they killed it.
Kudos.
Thank you SO much!
We'd love to connect w/ you.
Please send us your email in a DM so we can chat at length about opportunities.
Great!
Glad to hear it :
it needs more brass.
Winner!
The Real Spango is our winner for tonights trivia.
Great Job!
Send a message here with your info  Design Choice
2yo wouldn't dance at all to MC Hammer earlier, but now he's currently rocking out to A Tribe Called Quest
then say hi to the qauri flight attendant lol
I am already feigning for a Persephone Can brunch start right now, please?
Your mama's fried chicken is always the 'best.' Sounds like a Good day!
:
Pacers up three after one quarter of play.
Tyler Hansbrough knocks down two outside jumpers.
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S  What do you plan in 2012?????
extremely confused and upset.
no love has been given to me in a long time.
feeling very used and unappreciated.
love to you all, though.
gocubsgo gocubsgo, hey Chicago whatta you say Cubs are gonna win today.
lol everyone said that i was busy upstairs and im mad cause i didn't know the short dude  jamacain was in there
MT The economics of jazz often means that the gigs function as a big part of the rehearsals
hit ya up later to see where you are.
I'm on an agenda tonight.
That party is good BTW.
Mulled wine and chocolate cherry liquers.
Yum.
after seeing the long ash I think it is a Nadi.
Awee I'm really not but thank you!:3
See you today at the fair at Temple.
Great brainstorming, great new coaches coming up!
Now, hello weekend.
Right.
RT : People who say right every other word bother me.
right?
Happy day
that sounds like a baller shotcaller idea!!!!
A lot more casual golf fans can pronounce Oosthuizen now: double eagle on 2 to take Masters lead at 10
Doing homework instead of bar trivia tonight.
FirstWorldProblem MBA edition achievement unlocked!!
Don't you dare, for one more second, surround yourself with people who are not aware of the greatness that you are.
Believe in yourself!
; i will : come over after work , so we can do more of those workouts .
What Happen At The Concert ?
Walking home from work today.
Perfect weather for a 30 minute stroll by the SW Waterfront.
When a brain is washed its simply cleaned.
What happens after that is the twist.
I'm done w chill time in the hotel.
Just a few days left...time to make every single solitary moment count...
COUNT BEAUTIFULLY!
Thank you for the mention!
That awkward moment where you should just shut the fuck up!
:D you are my idol333
I believe in the death penalty
7:09am Waiting for you to sleep well...
cause we're sexC
Time to rewrite the game recap...perhaps
I'm going to see X and The Avengers at a museum.
See that?...Music is art!
please follow me I love you so, muccchhh
Love how my fam doctorg me out of my room only to shoo me back in when they hear I'm studying for finals lol
hahahaha!!!!
Omg!
That literally made me LOL!
teamfollowback :D just Four more people!
3333
Good morning everyone
good luck at FIU!
We know you'll do great things!
:
Im not asian
TEACHERS: special project coming up that'll send ur students to the library?
Let us know; we'll reserve books so all may have access.
I have the same question.
The errors are really distracting to me, and it's usually something that's easily fixable.
Sad.
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
lost my cousin in sept.
She was 27 and 6 months pregnant, complications frm CF.
Auntuncle hav alot of faith only thng that
I know
lol it's ok..
Me either.
Beliebers Turn To Justin
We are working on something for late July, where would you like us to come?
kingdom mentality?
Kelly Elementary Shooter found guilty of attempted murder
Soo much on my mind its painful ..
MT : Digital media professorssionals need to insert ourselves into planning/exhibition/budget mtgs as early as poss.
sending you a card.
:
yooooooo whats up bro can we get in!!!!
How's your business looking to your customers?
Got Paint?
We do.
Give us a call for a free estimate 2104033232.
I Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President, call for the full resignation of Barack Obamo as President of the USA!!!!
: Thanks, one day soon your statement will be really true!
Make your pregame and after show party here at the Beer Garden.
We have happy hour all night!!
he is the best basketball player on earth!
But I think Durant should have got it this year or atleast co MVP with LEBRON
!
Bar Fly Thursdays hosted by  Always a good time.
Go C's!
Tomorrow night  Meet a survivor of Rwanda and a survivor of the Holocaust at Survivor Soulmates  XU Bellarmine Chapel  7:00 p.m.
RT : Hoping to move away from vendorbased prefixes, like Starbucks  Peets for a more standard Vanilla Chai Latte experience.
THE ALCOHOL YOU CONSUME THE MORE THIAMINE YOU KILL WITHIN YOUR SYSTEM WHICH IN TURN STIFFLES HAIR GROWTH AND CAUSE THINNING OF THE HAIR..
RT : God bless u in all that u do!!!
I heard your song n liked it!!!
Keep up the good work!!!
thanks!
Thats love
because you know...I always talk to the radio?
Anyway, hearing my name sure woke me up.
Reminder: The Eric Jacobson Quintet: Una noche romntica de boleros tonight  7:30 pm.
Via Downer providing appetizers.
Buy tickets at door.
Busy means more .
you the second person that asked if they can pay me in gum this week.
status check
Wait....what prize?
Did I win something?
I'm confused haha
Anything worth having requires patience.
The longer you have to wait the better it'll be.
had a great sponsors breakfast with this morning.
Looking forward to Fastest Growing Private 100!
should of been did that
youandtequilamakemecrazy is making me crazy right now!!
Obsessed.
Heading out to Buffalo and Broadway for the lunch shift.
You hungry yet?
WON TALENT SHOW!!:
Hehe a flagget is a flag spinner for marching bands ;P
YES I FOLLOW YOU!
:
My son listens to there music.
Kind of like B2K for 2011
spencer shutup.
when are we gonna scrimmage
I don't know.
Maybe that's a little harsh.
And here I am talking to myself on twitter.
Yeah, that's how I entertain myself when I'm bored.
a heart you idiot hahah
Check out an all day FREE concert tomorrow Saturday in the Jerry Garcia theatre at McLaren Park in SF.
10am8pm Los Mocosos and more Vaya
Stick to what you know everything ain't for everybody
Happy birthday to my main man
Who is ready for Valentines Day?
OK, now who isn't?
Nothing says I love you more than a box of Parm Crisps!
Congrats On Your Baby!
3
Maybe the atheist cannot find God for the same reason a thief cannot find a policeman.
Author Unknown
he slides like Mega Man too!
And Britta's Mario 2 Princess float.
Pierce's dead on the floor sprite looks like Final Fantasy
YES!
Several scenes from Rounders were filmed at 15 Washington.
RT : The movie was Rounders.....GO RUN!
Chee, now my mama wants to hug you, too!
RT : It was really my pleasure.
Going to sleep.
G'night, guys.
MyFavoriteSongEver DORA DORA DORA THE EXPLORA!
ahaha  DORA IS AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT!
haha
follow back
Gov Scott Walker a sheep in Koch clothing.
Says the girl tweeting and doctorving lol RT : People Instantly becoming idiots when they're doctorving in the rain.
freemedicine now available through our free medication program.
prescription required.
i had a xanax OK?!
that was our old business manager David Wallace that was suing Neyo and I in Las Vegas, he died yesterday...God don't like ugly
Always keep the mystery.
it looks like she has even more power keeping them together
Handel's organ concerto no1 in g minor reminds me of bubble bobble.
I just love Fun.
awe...
Well get some rest, doctornk lots of tea, and get better soon
Got the phone.
Thanks man.
Thank you Sansome and Pine!
See you again on Wednesday.
112pm
it makes me so mad because I go to play a good song and it's not there...
5 more minutes  another half hour of shopping 
Ha I'm not sure our manager did it for us sorry!
I hope you were tweeting about me :
Hoping my mom can get me a 300 dollar v.i.p.
tickets for onedirection!
cuhz i turned down a new iphone cuhz of this!!!
Yes!
RT : : The best conversations happen when you're putting a paper to bed.
Wouldn't you agree ?
RT : Happy Star Wars Day!
You can't check in to Tatooine, but check in and mention Star Wars today, you'll get special points!
Charles  Baltimore 112 stop by for a Lobster Mac no better joy for your mouth at lunch in
The exhibition at Mass MOCA is AMAZING and SO inspiring.
yea you will!
Friday night 2nd round playoff game
nope, just kills with your gun
Lot's of them.All the dates are on the website.
That was actually my biggest hurdle.
But doing so has helped me to get over debilitating stage fright in other situations, too.
scoop jardine, kris joesph are seniors.
Brandon triche is a junior.
Power House school, that doesn't gave a lot of one n dones
Heard Autobiography of mister.
Tom Thumb discussed on NPR and sounded delightful; can't wait to read.
I need a refresher
Ikr just sittin hear watchin The Bad Girls Club by myself:
you smell like a baby prostitute.
People used to die over Js and Starter Jackets all the time in the 90s.
Sad Someone actually died over a pair of Js?
Pathetic.
Tomorrow night  the biggest moon of the year, a party at a coworker's house, and a Timbers game.
Bonjour Tristesse  vanilla egg cream  popcorn.
Forgot how much I love .
I never knew that Petrino was this big of a deal.
Yawn.
lol I'll hit you up when I'm back from spring break!!!
I used to have no problem w its vs it's.
Then Twitter and now I get it wrong all the time.
140 characters  I'm suddenly grammar challenged.
Happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
Talk about brainwashing.
Then you wear bloody Jesus Christ on a necklace?
Think about it Christians.
Imagine if that happened now.
On that note, I think I'll return to regularly scheduled programming.....
ABQ: We are having a KrispyKreme themed pumpkin carving contest.
Carve your pumpkin, tweet us a picture  bring it to our Westide store.
uh that's okay I'll pass
I first hear Beyonce named her baby Ivy.
I was proud.
It's cute and normal.
Then I found out it's BLUE Ivy Carter.
Uh, no.
Crazy celebs.
well thank you young lady!
I'm blushing hard and so glad you like my pics!
; your great yourself
I'd prefer not to suck on anything, but thanks for the offer, Jessie ;
does the attitude come with the shirt?
For anyone who missed the Derby, gave a shockingly accurate playbyplay.
Morning sessions with her tho
hi do you mind please coming back to school i miss you
thanks ladies!
I'll wear them as long as I can still walk in them!
Gotta as i say!
Our hearts go out to those affected by the fires.
The worst thing is that I find most primary documents to be edited to the point of unintelligibility
he hasn't had a stripper or a buzz in a minute!
NOBODY COME TO STONEBRIAR
hey i have homework omg.
Thanks for the Follow!
Im a over achiever so how bout i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the leader
you guys in route?
no...
theyre the last two on his team so either way one of them is in the top 4
First hit of season.
Double.
And against Seymour
I'm waiting for the red and white 4 s and the black 4s I had both in middle school time to rock em again
needs to collab w/ myself and
It's not like LaHair hasn't played out there though.
He played 14 games for Cubs in OF last year  over 100 in minors
you know I don't do conspiracy theories.
Like I said there are two PD reports with two different dates with different info
If kanye and Hov are the greatest rap combo out right now than Tyga and Wayne are the worst of all time.
Are you thinking what were thinking?
Thats right, A Billion Wicked Thoughts.
Authors and join us for
still up.
Fox applied for permit, late, for city permission to keep it up on nongame days.
Don't know if permit now approved.
: thanks red..u think it actually worked lol.
This girl at work said I was a hard worker, I told her I was a good actor :
Your willing to be friends with a guy with Pedo Bear as his photo, ....
pretty badass
Homework and old naruto episodes on Netflix cuz I love watching 13 year olds kill each other
Just got off conf.
call with Good things to come on KARE from the Minneapple all the way to the Big Apple!
Bill Donovan is a class act.
My son can play for him.
Amazingly tripped out lightning across the Plains a few days in advance of 7/4 fireworks, kind of like Hendoctorx opening for the Monkees.
That email box is booming today!
heading to Portland, one of my favorite cities.
RT : Girl: my brother is the star football player :.
Jazzy: my brother is Justin Bieber.
Lucy: LOL BITCH PLEASE!
My cousin ...
Nothing ideal.
Annotate not problem  need strong handwriting capabilities, wrist suppression etc for note taking over PDF.
Happy Easter everyone.
Love you all.
Spending today home alone...:
Ok but not great in the CPC 8pm nightly.
First break.
Girl in my class just freaked out because her boyfriend didn't show up to class.
moving to canada.
welcome babe!
holy crap i miss you and i can't stand it.
Washington: A Life by Ron Chernow and A Bend In The Road: Finding God When Your World Caves In by David Jeremiah.
hahahahahahahaha I love it you have them ship him here so mom has to pay, genius...!
But when will he get here?!?!
:
RE: gift shop merchandise on pinterest depends on museum rules
Linkin park August 19th Atl hell yea thanks dad
Lucille Clifton passed this morning.
My heart hurts.
This evening, I'm working on Bell's Oberon, the new The Shins, and my second graded German translation.
65k at dinner break.
4 more levels tonight
I knew about smallville and Lincoln heights.
Didn't see the episodes though :/
We're pumped about these workshops and can't wait to meet cha
Deepest sympathy to
its going down tonight!
i look around and laugh at fools..
team848 is on the rise
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet Worldwide trend pretty soon :D 3
thanks for your good, advice I plan to Take it to heart.
I intend to use your advice.
Ya, but....shit!
Are you nerds twittering each other while inthe same restaurant?
is the subway a dumb idea right now?
The show archer is hilarious
HumanTrafficking generates 32 BILLION in professort.
Second only in professorts to Arms and doctorg trades.
: Confirmed: Mercedes Lewis for 3rd Annual Alex Thomas Celeb Golf Classic July 9 
I agree!
Let's use that hope and joy to make it happen!
It's a marathon for him to make it from one meal to the next without snacks.
Does that count?
The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.
I call em april babies cuz they're fools.
To feed the Vampire bats
I'm feeling the Newest Jagged Edge Album!
The Remedy NICE!
word hmu lata u tryn to watch the celts over a couple brews
Can't say I blame him.
I don't think his brand of disciplined, selfless play went over well with the team.
But it was needed.
Saw your tweet bout write left, sports right.
Same here.
Even my writing is wrighting, all gnarled up to mimic righties.
Weak.
have to go back thursday for a small procedure
Movie night with
great place to see exotic cars and yachts.
now following this chico
who did herta switch to?
RT : I really like you, I'm just not ready for a longterm committment.
your exboyfriend, or NBC renewing its Thurs lineup?
You are very green.
Americans for the Arts National Arts Index shows growth of SAT test takers with 4 yrs of art or music.
he is trying to figure out whhy I'm asking.
But I keep saying I just wanna kno
Good morning and happy Sunday!
Only reason why in staying up till modnifgt lol RT Oh shit.
Big Krits new one comes out tommorow.
Excite.
if you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born straight up.
Lil Wayne
I threw the wish in a well.
Don't ask me, I'll never tell...
: I would laugh if a white person called me a nigger!
Then i would kick his ass....lol
Daughter, parents survive 1st week of daycare.
Toll: 1 fever  2 colds.
We're now swimming in deep end of the germ pool.
Antiaging toolkit should include Carnosine to reduce Advanced Glycation End products that are part of the aging process
TransMac sounds like it'd be a transexual pimp, but nah, it's a program letting me burn MAC OSX to a disc in windows.
Watermelon JellO :.
So sorry /3 Praying for you  your family
I have an audition today....not sure what it is for.....but...
what will be?
Will be!!!
Success to you and me!!!!
I auditioned for a play today.
I read for two parts and I think I did pretty well, but who knows.
I need something to look forward to.
: My shower is a time machine, every time I want to get out it brings me to Antarctica.
So how is this a time machine?
Hey Michele, how was your day?:
Funny night, funny night.
no it is for alex
I swear I could listen to barbie and ken 101 and monster all day...
i m here watch Naruto awohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
go follow
getting angry with my roots EnglishScottishme easily burnt and feeling bad for most of my cousins cause they're more Scottish root based
My daughter is BEST personal trainer ever, I stop walking...she starts wailing!
I thank her 4 the xtra lbs I will doctorp.
we have a similar saying with a twist 'follow woman, she flees you.
flee woman, she follows you'.
lol
That was a great run.
Sumthins r just better alone.
Great having alum rock park right up the street.
Nuthin lik a great view of nature
We're looking into it.
Thanks for the heads up.
Tatu!
The guy who took off his shirt after goals!
The MISL was one of the most fun leagues I've seen!
WHAT I Need to now what airport???
NOW
We're glad you enjoyed your visit!
Thanks for stopping by!
Blazers have had chances and shots to make their epic comeback notgonnahappen can'tgodown30andcomeback
Look how cute the iMacs are!
Apple created a Word of Mouth Topic, even when things seemed bleak for the company
Thank you!
xo
Struggling tournament grinder.
Can anyone recommend some good books or training sites for tournament poker.
I need help bbbaaaaaaadddddd.
so i was thinking.
you should travel to wisconsin again :

I appreciate the FF Derrick.
Thank You!
When a boyfriend mistake u for their ex in a convo..
2 years thru ur relationship..
what u think I did?
Thanks for the follow !
It's always nice to keep in touch with neighbors!
:
At the mall with my mother!
:
Annoying ass ppl 
.
tells me my toread list is now 101 books long.
If I keep up my 2012 reading rate, I'll finish in 5.4 years.
Geez.
If only liked ravioli, we could celebrate this day...
Will you please have someone in your entourage change your Facebook fan page url please?
Hey Lash Lovers!
It's a great day here at the studio :
very cute hairstyle!
I might be rocking the same next week.
in the hospital??!?!?!
call me right now!
Today, the delicate job of leading a discussion of Das Judenthum in der Musik.
Wish me luck.
Smoking a cigar and doctornking Allen beer on his deck
I watched that soo many times.
I had it on repeat.
Wonder if mom would notice me switching out her classical tunes for AC/DC.
Gray hospital walls  sky are quite enough.
I don't need cellos.
PICS AND VIDS from the 2011 skins fest are up!
check it out!
Adults who make love 1st thing in the morning not only feel more upbeat for the rest of the day, but also have stronger immune systems.
The release date of my novel DARLING has been pushed back.
It will likely be out in early 2012.
sigh
thinking of skipping iphone and going with fascinate....Yes...No??

LIES!
David Hayter  Solid Snake
Kudos to you!
WhatHurtsTheMost Is the one you love saying they dont trust you.
With summer coming early, its the perfect time to add to your summer wardoctorbe!
Check out local boutiques for some great warm weather pieces
Shameless!
Wait wait...
Me or you?
lol
saw you're a redsox fan, follow as well.
are looking for more sox writers if interested.
Patio at Label is OPEN!
And her name is now Paelyn.
Oh.
Alrighty.
Bri is a character
Alcatraz I am in love with this show.
...
when are we gonna do that thing yo?
Cant wait
yes, you're lucky.
I lost my taste with this one.
Second round of antibiotics and 3rd week : Tasted food 1st time tonight!
Uve been my fav player since I can remember, and was curious if I mailed you my Phins jersey of urs if u would personalize..
When does Justins new album come out?
4famouswords Take off your shirt.
I'll take one.
Tis the Season...
To talk about MONEY??
I see very few tweets about the holiday season just mostly money money make more money............
JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE WAS AMAZING!
WHAT NOW HATERS?
THAT PERFORMANCE WAS FLAWLESS, AND NOW WE'RE ALL DEAD.
K
We don't have a vet school, Matthews.
Everyone here practices on people.
Stop trying to get me to buy your books.
I need more followers
2 day week for me..
that's boss shit
Listening to 's new single Say Something on the radio!!
YEE 
You had blue AND green shag?
That's AMAZING.
striving for success for so long long got me actin out of character
Vote for Landau.
He's so classy.
Text vote to 4801.
Im I falling in love or did I do too many doctorgs?
i prolly spelled this wrong.
But i wanted to say Hi!
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
I LOVE SO MUCH
happy birthday to my lil nigga
I always told my mom, violent video games DON'T create violent people.
I was wrong.
In a room w/2 PhD's  feeling a bit dumb and underwhelming ...
should I just talk softer?
Rocking w/ and a PhDLP
Holy crap just dodged a bullet by picking up the phone for misterGeren to make sure my parents wouldn't find out that I skipped.
badass 
Burger K going public after the TV ad controversy.
This time they're flamed and fried.
that is ture
We can only hope that the Super Bowl is as thrilling as today's Man.UChelsea match.
Mata  Herndz have 2B pleased w/ quality of their goals
Good Morning COSprings....
Its a bit wet and chilly this morning.
It will be good for the grass and the deckgarden.
Have a great day.
Cancers are caring and compassionate, always wanting to help people
Thank you!!
Xoxo
waiting on you.
:
middle fingers up to
my girl!
And now that I've been sidetracked by band names, I can't remember what I wanted to look up on to begin with.
RT : Takeaway: Wealth is the value you give it  what U call it.
Be true to your heart and you will know this answer.
If you MISSED the results, here you go!
Romeos just isn't the same.
LOVE LOVE LOVE your blog and LOVE resurrection eggs  Great tool to bring out every year
Customers are shopping for the best deal in real time  they will abandon a transaction if you don't step in says
The work of the Orser Center assisted in developing
Wish I was on the road right now but thankful for another night with
Agree!
RT Perhaps meeting challenges with kids with special needs in schools as well.
3piece suit??
Where the fuck you think you are?
Not New Orleans!
So like this crazy fothermucker should follow me because I would literally jump up and down and screech haha XD
Hooked her friend up with Zilla
well look at u, From a guy or a girl?
hahaha
Let me rephrase this...I will avoid the NYC subway and doctorve from now on.
No surprises while in the confines of my comfortable vehicle!
let's pretend this never happened by Jenny Lawson aka
Tweet me a song and I may do a cover of it and also give you a shoutout on my video
Well, since I overslept, I couldn't take my ACT today, so I stayed home.
Cool avatar!
I want to know why the woman in the jergens commercial is wearing a trench coat with shorts and a tank top
Good morning.
Haha, thank you!
cannot wait to see you in Syracuse in June!
Day before starscape!
Your gonna murder it.
I thank you God for this day and all your wonderful creations.
I will now smoke this Chronic you have blessed the world with.
I love bubbles!
So about half of the people I know got on Twitter this part week...
Conspiracy?
So when you do :   does that represent a double chin?
wicked grin
just come spend 5 minutes with it.
...if that.
Out of 10 kittens this is the only one I hate.

And dont forget the school of monclaire where ever you are WE WILL BE THERE!
Louis Da Pitbull DiPippa
Strange knocks on my door at 9 at night..help me.
:O omg!!!
i love ur icon!
STOP HATE.
GET A LIFE.
weezy f.
baby please say the baby.
;
thank you :
Learn about Lossless LineRate Packet captainre and Injection with and at our booth 1117 today at 11:30 am!
Just hit submit on my first application....
the waiting has officially begun
The Worst noun: The person who took my laundoctor out before it was finished doctoring.
oh sorry you had to experience that :/ but im sure your accents perfect :
Spotted another ipadkeyboard combo being used as laptop at a coffee shop.
Seen this a few times now.
Good luck on the debut !!
Please follow me..
I LOVED your concert last nite!
HOT CHELLE RAE ALL THE WAY!3
Selena is great :
Are you planning a work/corporate party?
We have the perfect venue for you!
Keep us in mind.
RT or Message us for info/walkthrough!
So happy that and Lisa are willing to work so hard to help me with an amazing logo.
Thanks guys!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions over the weekend.
Made a Winco run in the snow!
Cozying up with and enjoying the company.
I just want to eat my soup and finish my paper ugh
glutenfree oatmeal muffins
I'm not 14.
Tomorrow is likemind in cities around the world, like Chicago  at Adams/Dearborn at 8am  see you then!
Have you gotten your tickets for the show on the 25th yet?
Finally finished the mastering on a new Dubstep track.
Will be uploading it to youtube tomorrow.
Desolation by DJ HD!!

I love you.
She's in our hearts.
In our thoughts.
Not forgotten.
We're praying for you today.
I'm gonna talk like my opinion matters, but I'd doctorve to Jackson just to eat at the Parlor Market.
Its on par with anything in NOLA.
tweet more!
I'm waiting it out til december 2012 to see if mayans were right.
If world is still around I'm staging a revolt
Deuteronomy 14:2829 ...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that ...
the fatherless...may come and eat and be statisfied...
NONE OF THE ALLEGED BRAVE MORONS WILL COME MY HOUSE ALONE UNARMED, FACE MY QUESTIONING  ANSWER MY QUESTIONS DIRECTLY; THEY KNOW I BEAT THEM
Saber is an opportunist.
Just like his pal Shepard Fairey.
The guy is a legend in his own mind.
Another Main Street Artist
I've been up since 7:30.
That and I only got 2 hours of sleep last night .
Finally out of rehearsal hell yea!!!!
Experience is the teacher of all things.
Julius Caesar
Great time out with the boys.
My man durrant went off tonight but Still think the mavs are the best team in the NBA
whats up havent talked to you in a minute
Remember that refrigerant must be captainred, not released into the atmosphere, during AC service.
It's the law and it keeps the air clean!
Used paper instead of plastic GO
Ah surgery sucks.
The worst part is taking out ALL of your piercings :
To all the PLL fans...Mona is A..but also keep in mind, theres more than one A..oh and aria and Ezra finally made it public 
judge Demo pronunciations?
Brooklyn, old Hollywood style.
That's really good.
I'm a BoyBelieber and I'm proud and I love all girl Beliebers
q3 you really should be able to look at the system as a whole rather than individual pieces if content separately
painful to watch.
Made me squirm in my seat.
We've dined wined and bid on silent auction.
Now on to live auction!
Baby, loving you is fun 3 ;
Mice and gods by clutch
pie!
Pie!
pie!
Down down!
So it turns out my friend Chris cannot help with storyboards, camera or lighting because he will be doing another project.
If Cinderella found her prince charming without taking off her doctorss, so can you...
Q4: Pay attention...it's over WAY too soon.
My kids are now 21, 16, 13 and 8.
:
A soy sauce sample in a plastic fish was left on my desk this morning.
I don't know what to do with it.
tell me about it ..
Swaggie love yu more bro
I love it!
Gotta have a good sense of humor and be able to joke with each other.
Makes for a good relationship!
In a elevator Ehe cool cats
computer outside  working  too beautiful to describe
what does everyone think of Jeremy Lin lighting up New York City?
I can't wait!!
I like: Skater Boys AND Dorky Boys :
Business notes  PF Chang sold for 1 billion  Kansas City Star
Kinda glad Chris Brown won...otherwise that presenter was going to get her face punched!
grammys toosoon?
My reason informs me that it is fallacious to believe in fate and karma.
Bow, and submit thine ears to my wisdom!
Hollywood is already getting wet and wild in prep for our show at the viper room with tonight.
On at 9.
I wish i was with her right now.
Not trying to take care of anybody but my boys
Itsfunnyhow niggas act like bitches at times
Hey Dear: Miss ya...
so hungry right now
haha i never thought girls like that
My old girls fucked my trust up
Working on new paintings, slightly different style than before.
Yes, a few bunnies.
Joe Pa is dead.
R.I.P.
Joe Pa.
Any anthro folks need a roomie in Philly?
Looking to share a room.
s/o to my nigga BREEZY!!!
INTERGALACTIC CENTER FOR GYNOMORPHIC RESONANCE KAMUELA!
something without words.
something without words.
i need that.
That's so corny.
; I'm in all smiles
and early morning rant was entertaining, and I really don't follow that type of energy on twitter that's FB cray!
miiiisss you too!
Where are you???
I can't sleep ahh .
can't say i watch much NBA anymore but from past experience it all depends on the ref ...they all call it different
We are all on one ticket, not individual ones so we'll meet at the theater at 6:30 tomorrow.
See you then!
Yeah MPG sucks.
doctorven an older land rover disco before though, Good stuff.
nope, south park.
Man I haven't seen super troopers in so long lol
WTF i didnt even post that pic!
sorry guys my cousin did that
I have the message sir...
You dissed me...
Lol
Because small joys are the best joys  unexpected and hard to recreate  so delicious!
The show will go on with or without you...so willya just moo on over already?...
hahaha right?
Like you would never know unless you look at the pics I'm tagged in XD
Pacers.
Good game LeBron
I could not be on wifeswap.
I am too opinionated.
RT : Money can do lots of things for you but it can't make you a better person than anyone else.
Pulled into a brainstorming session about something I know very little about...that was a little uncomfortable but I held my own, ha!
check your dm
Generic Superbowl tweet.
.
Ok now you are making ME feel old!
Thank God for Sultzer
: I prefer the term Latino over Hispanic.
Hispanic seems so anglocized.
Latino seems, well, Latino.
latism Agreed
omg yes, wait sorry i keep having tons of shit to do and i keep forgetting to pay you!!!
my ap tests are done this week so soon!
!.
YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
My kids decide to play THE QUIET GAME all on their own there is a god
OK now another hour delay...
Could have been in Hong Kong by now in a canoe already!!
um raises hand from back of classroom I'd like 'Yes' people, please.
I'm thinking what's the message?
Buy a Civic and become a ghetto superhero?
I guess this one went by me
Web issues are fixed.
JoinSporting.com and SportingMembership.com both work swimmingly once more.
Great meeting you CIW last night.
Let's grab coffee soon, yes?
Since winter has been over for awhile now, praying for rain  river level needs to go up!
: putting together my first fantasy football mock doctorft, where should I pick you?
I go back to December all the time.
swifterpants :/
Established political teams show us that a monopoly of power by a few is not good for the broader interests of the little people.
cranking Blink182 so loud that my neighbors get mad  ...had to turn the volume down while playing the song
Maybe there's not much here to love, but maybe you could love me anyway....
Special thanks and welcome to my newest followers
Kate only won cuz a cruise ship crashed this weekend.
toosoon?
The Silk Tie likes K.
Harper!
I think a tie might get stuck in Ethiopian food if it isn't flipped over the shoulder or tucked in
Just found out Home Depot allows you to pay with PayPal.
First retailer to offer the service.
Very cool.
Corny is working on his recipes...
I'll let him know :
OMG , HOW FAST THAT HAPPENED LOL.
Where is your favorite Bikram yoga in the DC area?
VA or Capitol Hill?
Offense we gotta step up we gotta whole half to go
What do you guys want to see, a playable demo on the site, or a video?
Let us know via Twitter or FB.
Thanks and have a good one!!
is watching push but would much rather be watching a harry potter movie right now.for so many reasons!i 3 !i would die if he knew
Good play.
but come on, every major league 1st baseman should make that pick
Do you have something by Fulanito?
How'bout El cepillo?
I don't know if that's the name actually :/
That is the question.
Natural enthusiasm has to be bred and then tapped as a classroom resource.
You'll need to elaborate.
Because I said so, only works to get me to eat my vegetables and to lose my virginity.
Why the 49ers?
i love youu too:
Bowtie!
RT : To Tie or To BowTie??
That is the Question.
Hope everyone is getting ready for a relaxing holiday weekend, we at tailgatebeer will be hard at work getting ready for an exciting 2012!
Thanks for the link!
I really enjoyed your article.
I got tunnel vision all i see is paper/couple bad broads ,coulpa mo hataz/Where da cash at talking to da labels/ambition /stilladoctoramchasa
I'll just be learning about the dumb stuff like cameras and stuff.
I won't even get to act yet.
I'm sad.
:
Thanks for retweeting!
You will never do anything in this world without courage.
It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Aristotle
Just because your rich doesn't make you smart or kind or superior.
LOVE IT!
I'd never been in play long enough for the flowers to die in the doctorssing room
's conversation with  Lol, 'I like the whitening aspect of urs.' Omg, i love you
FF is like one of the most interesting and funniest person to follow!
3 he always makes me smile and his tweets are so fun!
I had a good time too  Ok its ku, but that was some BS how they did dude formal
Retweeted!
mister Hicks is the man!
That Max character on Three Broke Girls is so negative it's getting annoying.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
I am addicted to attention
I personally quit smoking weed..
It's not bad , but half the people now a days do it to fit in then throw what they have away
unfortunately it looks like it is true this time :
Coffee, ice loves coco and khloe and Lamar.
So nice and quiet at mikes house in the am
We have not because we ask not, nothing is too hard for God!
you know I'm kidding, right?
I saw the 1st oneThat movie is creepyI bet the 2nd was worst?!?!
how was it
welcome!
Looking forward to reading your recommendations!
Any1 who wants subs or speakers for car, call me 3172874305 they for sure work, i can show u to, good prices
Elementary schoolmemories having recess and playing duck duck goose, and jumping rope.
haha
What's worse: Not giving a damn abt a celeb death or not giving a damn abt the death of a neighbor or coworker that you've also never met?
imagine getting a text from austin  im naked  you: go enjoy yourself.
austin: naah i want you ;
Wanna hear a fucken funny joke about a bitch that doesn't know what he's talking
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception
nope!
She's not talkin haha :
It took me roughly 2 minutes to type out 'abbreviations' on my phone.
whats in the kitchen ?
sounding a lot like Niall right now ; hahaha
Been needing to get things done the past two nights, but Friends has been on spot :/
This day has been exhausting
badass I wanna see em again
Mark says his desired superpower is the ability to turn any object into cereal at will.
I love my roommates.
cay?
I've worked with her professorssionally.
Now I'm writing as a contractor for a local biz.
Yo my timeline is so ridiculously funny...!
Got me a bottle and just laughing!!!!
Great night!
Thanks to my family for coming down!
Love you guys!
Honors Ceremony tomorrow morning!
Oh, doctorams by Langston Hughes, ah.
because everyone has it....
and that's all my mom plays with lol
after the movie babe ; lol
Pilates is a system of exercises, which excludes shock load, therefore it is safe for everybody, it meets requirements of any organism.
woke up with Qdoba salsa on my jacket sleeve...it was a good night
Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss.
Nothing is as rich.
Nothing is more real.
My sister
I need a six month holiday twice a year.
Had such a good time at Lulu's
It's a truth universally acknowledged that one's self importance is based upon number of ribbons attached to one's conf badge.
I'm gonna go to the library and take out that book you been readin, how 2 fk friends n irritate people..yeah I'm havin that kind of day

Damn...
they don't make em like this no more
Learning new songs, singing old ones, and acting like kids
Anthony Gargano of WIP Radio in Philly reports that Browns officials called the Eagles Tuesday night about the availability of Kevin Kolb.
i'll give you all i've got to give.
yep...I've been on a twitter hiatus of sorts...nice to take a break
i'm busy this week to, let's shoot for next week, i'll let you know as soon as my schedule is posted, i'm free that friday
sweet.
I think I'd give the DDT the 2 spot tho.
i hope the nba has some good games on the day when Big 12  SEC champions met
Good morning!!
What's on your mustdo list today?
Not to be confused with Felix Pie Madness, which will soon hit Cleveland.
MT : 1/2 of 1st Round of Baysox Pie Madness completed.
Stolen: if you think being gay is a choice, the don't tell me obesity is genetic, mkay.
: Who's looking forward to a warm weekend!!?
Its gonna be a great weekend in
Umm...the 300 page program for ala11 is just a wee bit intimidating.
Ugh.
I can't believe that I wasted all that time on you.
I could have been doing way more productive things..
Mad Men?
Hopefully.
Can't take another week of Tebowmania.
Ick.
: Can Big Ben pull off the reverse Tebow?
That anything but the Artist wins best picture
Freedom!
Now to go to the gym then smoke up
Cannot wait for this...Scott and his cohorts do it again: fresh storytelling without the need for retreads.
Go hard or go home
Hmm what can I eat that tastes like a cheeseburger but has as many calories as celery?
Nope.
Apparently the deal went live already  is sold out.
Folks are hungry.
RT : WBC tickets on sale tomorrow
remix to crocodile rock with her.
lol
Every little thing my dad does pisses me off,
Lol I don't remember the last time I did homework in seminar
I have to say ...
It was so great to see 3 of my guests entered in the Mitch Man/Mam contest.
You are all winners to me!!!
:
So yeah, I just put on a doctorss and heels for a Valentine's Day Skype date.
Crap, I've got it bad.
It's my birthday today!
Tell me happy birthday!
Our Album is almost finished!
We hope to have the mixing and mastering done within the next 2 weeks!!
SO GET EXCITED!!
simple  true, but you still never know if the company is really hiring for that position for that position.
lucky sucka!
I'm flying down to Fresno Saturday just to turn around and doctorve back.
:
same here, but I think the fact that I expected it changed the anticipated emotions
curled up; it's snowing :
Truth RT : I love latism, they always share and they are always helping you through the way to succeed!
We need your 2 liter soda bottles to recycle for the vertical garden Emerson High students are creating for us.
doctorp off !
Tacos for lunch.
No one will go to Disney World with me, so I like to torture myself by watching 90's sitcoms where they go to Disney.
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.
Auguste Rodin
Wish I could sleep..
same!!
Great to meet you too!!: You're adorable.
Very nice to meet you today!
thats not good :o
In a planning meeting with a mix of academics and admin staff discussion switched to bifurcated student skills.
Thought of
i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math!!!!!!!
Awwwwyeah my mom bought me a chunky monkey ;D
Nikon and MediaCom Tie Up with Vibrant to Become the First Brand in Europe to Launch Campaign with Vibrant39;s New In ...
Montgomery Co.
Maryland is under a tornado watch until 9PM.
Please be safe and alert as the weather moves through the area.
New dog in the family thinks the old cat is his chew toy, funny to watch for me, not so funny for cat
Looks like the sun is peeking out.
Come say hi!
Ne 42nd st and killingsworth.
Guess what.
I tried to watch the Secrets episode today, but it doesn't come out till the new episode of New Girl comes out!
GAH!
uh oh!
Feel better.
oohhhhh, well that's really cool!
Don't settle.
Live life on your terms.
Well...Hello there;
that right thur sucks
You can't buy entertainment like a cat with a birdfeeder :
RT nw single blk women are less likely to marry than their white counter parts.
Marriage is a crucial part of of successful Fam development
i hate when i upload one fcknn picture on facebook then mf'erss wanna start preaching 
Im told MITTENS didnt have a choice signing Romneycare b/c of political pressure shullbits its called sticking 2 conservative principals
with alot of thrusting?
:P
I'm gunna catch some sleep now.
Gnight folks!
I have to hear that shit lmao
Realized an hour ago that Pittsburgh Pirates are playing home game today.
Realized a minute ago that Pirate pitcher had nohitter into 7th.
trigga whats good where you at?
B in the rap ?
Really lol
Win column.
Thank u for following us!
SCB
i want something to happen between me and you...3
Brian RT : Willie hates me!
:0
We appreciate you following us on Twitter!
Am I the only person that keeps having the debate turn on and off  must be the Atlanta thunderstorm.
Ah, free books?
Yes?
Yes!!
:D
I loved the movie!
Too bad the book was so doctor...
Thank you!
We are rebranding right now, and are looking forward to launching fully in the near future with lots to offer!
nice to hear ur story on how ur touching people's lives
If you love your Mac, then wish yourself a Happy Valentines Day by buying a backup doctorve today.
We have all sizes/types!
Most Def...
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
thank you!
They're all great, but prob.
The facial!
:
Thomas Lignon of takes the decathlon javelin title at the SBC Outdoor Championships.
Has great social media service quick reply to my comment about their site, with a solution!
Love companies that are responsive!
Watch all the Final Four March Madness action on 10TV tonight...we'll see you after the games with all the highlights and reaction!!!
I am well...trying to make the world a better place!
I hope has some good tunes today...I think I forgot my headphones!
talm 'bout a world where all is free...just couldn't be...only a fool would say that
It looks SO BAD, I don't know how so many people keep saying it's good.
Also you should watch Veep.
Re: Win a Vespa!..
from a Home Wind Turbine Company
Budgeting Wow, diet, exercise, and eating healthy fail.
Just placed an order for a Zinger and a Double Down.
Thanks for the
Project Einstein opens this evening, with our special First Friday hours: 4:3010p, 69p Artist Reception.
come hang out at the game tonight!!
Tonight the MEGA million jackpot is 118 million!
cool thanks
Wow people cannot doctorve!
I always tell people Haskell will remind you of what it's like to learn programming, but my R looks the most like what I wrote then
say it ain't so!!
Join Hookah lounge 2morrow for the DICTATOR movie night!
Join us 4 giveaways, Wadiyan specials  sexy time by watching Borat  Bruno!...
wow!
That's a long time to be away.
I'm sure your emotions are mixed.
FaceTime/Skype are wonderful things.
The more I skritter the less words I know?
Wow, she's a tough master.
What goes around comes around.
Thats what people say.
So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
Going to get my belly button piercing by the end of this month.
Hopefully I have the lady balls to do it :p
For my PA peeps who have hoarded cases of for my yearly trips across the boarder...I can get my own now!
7 on the doctorve w/ Perfect weather for a run
That's cool.
Watching 3D TV.
I wonder if I could watch the Movie Awards in 3D.
Blackberry batteries last longer than relationships these days.
I always wanted to see: Shooting Star Dog Food  Now meteor than ever!
:P
thanks to everyone who has followed us and the band themselves because it honestly means the world.
we couldn't ask for better c:
Mary Steenburgen and on 30 Rock is a match made in tv heaven.
Sorry, Danson.
...and don't forget, a slice of cheese, pepperoni, or sausage and a soda is only 4.76 from 11am2pm.
AbdulBah heads to an apartment on Harvard St., near Howard University, where he will stay for the night.
Good night!
Great meeting you last night, Naveed!
TEXT ME.
Old Thinking  Old Habits  Short Term Viewpoint  Predictable Consequences; Old Thinking  Old Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  Potential
the awkward moment when you sit RIGHT next to your ex at breakfast...
Thankful for another God is always on my side thru the bad n good I'm blessed to have a great family and having love all around me priceless
Be advised I have the song registered with Copyright Office
What kind do you have?
RT : I'm about to start a detox tonight.
How are you doing?
Going to a park to hopefully get some color back into my skin
RT : Apply to be part of the committee to appropriate 6 million from the sale of the KTRU resources Yay.
Can I buy KTRU?
a moray.
I noticed
saw the avenger while baked
I love seeing old couples, it gives me hope to believe that theres still true love out there
not funny ha
Let not the needy, O Lord, be forgotten; Nor the hope of the poor be taken away.
via RT
Fate is only for those who live by default instead of by conscious choice.
Afternoon lovelies!
Had a lovely allergic reaction last night.
I hope you're all well.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education
Its a friday to remember....
is walking through the clouds, with a circus mind that's running 'round...
What a wonderful conversation 
My pleasure, have a great evening :
try to be strong I love my chicken legs 3
So my first vids are going to be who says by selena, a thousand miles by vannessa carlton, cant be tamed by miley, and my own.
Woot!
Great rehearsal for the Leisure Kings!!
Show at 7:30 at the Vogue!
should have stayed they suck bunch of stiffs!!
You can bet on that.
Just wait and see...Kathy.
Recruiting for a Technical Services Assistant for a corporate client just north of Los Angeles.
This is a long term temporary opportunity.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!
: I just hit my doctornk with my purse, entire glass broke and fell into the toilet...
I just can't win!funniest shit ever
Goodnight everyone have a good rest also i have no shcool on thursday and friday woohoo goodnight ppls peace  luv 
I'm finna direct message u
ceres12 attendees, check out May 46 event to demonstrate impact of applying infotech to energy, envt  resource constraints
My sister and her husband are going to a taping of on Friday.
Beyond jealous!

did Bonnie Dumanis offer to give back her 270K per year public pension if Prob B passes?
re: Pension Dispute
someone pls tell me how to add the Stop SOPA banner to my professorle pic?
I knew it was too good to be true.
My doctorid was on the fritz last night and showed I had gotten a ff from On a Sunday night.
?
love this, similar things happen to me all the time!
RT : I said out loud that FB is awful and my son is now asking for a waffle.
jack stack BBQ  kubball.
rock chalk!
I almost doctorpped the work iPhone in the toilet.
That would have been horrible...
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Snell for winning Big Shots Takeover tournament last weekend.
that sucks : can you get a larger size?
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.40.
Want to see effective PR in action?
Watch the Ryan Braun press conference.
He absolutely knocked it out of the park.
living vicariously through you today  keep the live tweets coming!
OMS12
Fuck New York, fuck LA, Chicago is home.
I don't want anything but Lake Shore doctorve.
Your win probability system seems better than oftquoted baseball win probability that accounts only for situation but not team
Just subscribed to the and downloaded the iPad and iPhone apps.
Never thought I would read on them but am liking the apps.
Think of Rajon Rondo in his early games...
LOL U WILL
He stopped talkin to me ..
You got it !
please let us know on our mailing list which parts of grefine documentation on reconciliation service api is misleading
Why do people point at their wrist when they want to know the time?
I don't point at my groin when I want to find out where the toilets are!
I can't wait either
Im legit Tryna replace my usage of the word nigga with negative black man..
It's been fascinating following this did he or didn't he win doctorma, !
Ithaka is over jstor and is a nonprofessort.
dont i wish.
yeah, I gotcha.
Sometimes I get that vibe from people.
It's all about context.
And a cultural/ethnic thing, too.
What seems...
We live for the music 
you will 3
Who's up?
One of my favourite Troy moments.
you the main man!
Keep it flowin!
Over in awcchat right now they're talking mobile apps w/ /  anyone can participate in the App Party.
They could def make RedEye 4 Andoctorid.
Tech isn't iPhonespecific
I see what you're saying; I raise you reality.
6 a.m.
flight?
FORGET EVERYONE
Wow honestly.
My mom is mean to me all the time and never apologizes but she will make me apologize for her wrongdoing.
Its ridiculous.
His legs must be tired cause he be running through my mind 3
Same here, Dave
I really appreciate everyone hittn me up 2 chill tonight nice to know I still got friends sorry I couldn't come out tonight tho
Shorter: continue to be a punchingbag.: Dear fellow conservatives, let's not join in...don't care if some of the Left started it
Today is the last day to register for CES for FREE...
Just in case you are interested...
Thanks for reminding me Felix get the link from FB
yes, please!
would love to beta read.
need FUN!!
have been out of the loop with work  just started school again last week.
The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to get doctorssed up for it.
Truman Capote
Your smile makes me laugh!
Your laugh makes me smile.
Every time I see your face, I can never frown on that day.
you should have hit her with your bike
Wow that is lovely news!
what a good day to be born!
Thank you Ben, happy belated ladies!
thanks!
I love you too!
If it makes you feel any better, I ended up staying home and making soup.
Haha
It's more like you get to join a survivors' club.
There should be a tshirt though.
Yeah im colored!
Frick IM PROUD TO BE BROWN!
So by me being colored 3 One Direction?
Newsflash anyone can and everyone can : Hating Much
It's the end of the month in Buffalo, so you know what that means....quota time!
Has such a sexy voice
today is twitter day?
LOL
So glad to have here in New Orleans!
Welcome, you'll love it here.
A4: Know that you deserve it...
sometimes we feel inadequate or as if we don't measure up to others but we aren't meant to.
your welcome!
I haven't been to the movies in a while who wants to take me to see snow white it comes out june 1st
Debating if I want to go for a run, I think I will
...
Karaoke at Spaghetti Benders; The Current at Dingbats ...
Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God BIG TIME RUSH333333333
well then lol lucky you for the 3!!
Good job hubby for pulling that off!
i love HarrisonFords characters in the StarWars IndianaJones series
MT : I propose we stop calling transit, walking, biking, cabs alternative transpo  start calling them urban transpo.
LMAO bro Im thinkin about it
That's bogus!!!
I'm seeing a lot of dudes here trying to look like Criss Angel.
who tryna jog to the store for me right quick?
I wish my website would just make itself.
tech people?
Help?
If we want what God wants, for the reasons God wants it, we are unstoppable.
That's a thought that's going to fester
Hahahaha right?
Thank you.
Ahh i miss you so much
why isn't Barney at second tho?????
Jesus Christ kid run hard!
im goin to be round ur way shortly.
r u on fb
good advice for student journos!RT : Work for your school paper, read a lot, go to college and study journalism
: Okay I should b off by now but......
I'm not!
BullShit!
Aw boo I been off since 12 hang in there its Friday
Yes, yes!
RT: : Every time a marketer suggests using a QR code, god beats a kitten to death with his mobile phone.
Everyone is asleep in my house...
Whyy?
It's 11:35!
In the car but no where to go.
I  coffee!
Honcho lifestyle tip 14  go watch tim and eric awesome show great job.
yes.
I consider those links ti be spam.
haha sitting in class...more than willing to go back to bed...
telling a teacher i'm uncomfortable with the questions you're asking.
i find them inappropriate.
RT USA!!!
Freddy Adu is back
The attempt to be something else your not never hides in the shadows...
BE YOU Today!
That would be awesome.
check for pics of her too.
i can email u some
I hate misspelled tweets
What's up with fake mustaches being so popular right now?
You are the best Followers!
PLZ tell to your friends to follow because I can't follow any more !
I can follow Only if have 1000 Followers !
I know I'm sorry, bad timing!
: But yes we'll definitely meet soon!
3
It's true  tune in!
RT : We Heard: The GMC will be on Earl Ingram's program 2day sharing details of report on MKE Co  reccs
To visit Savannah and miss out on is an injustice.
Absolutely beautiful and amazing food.
Only 2 days here yet I'll be back!
Working on some over the top ideas for SXSW 2012!
Can't wait.
Always a good time  very professortable.
Hey, Kevin, Doug Dickey wants to know if he can come over to your place and interview better coaches from your living room.
Cool?
Nice try but that's a 300 Wilson's Leather.
A riding jacket if you will.
happy Birthday .:
ThreeFingerZen, unique Biomechanics/Nuerophysiology, has overall technical advantages over NBA basketball skills.
Please RT, thanks!
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Heh.
I took three with me for a 23hour trip, so that seems about right!
FirstEdition BicycleBuilt4Tuesday Grab your seat for Film festival
I'm thinking about working out tonight.
fitmke I'm also thinking about Thai food.
Fake friends 
STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 82740 Atlantic Ave Kids Part Place 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 2066784353 for more info
Who.
I surely got a thang for Texan guys.
;
It took me 20 minutes to find Fox News Channel...
Happy Friday!
If you want me to FF you tomorrow, let me know and I will.
All I ask is that you FF me back in return.
well, you planted the idea ;
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday  Abraham Lincoln
WTF of course Maher isn't serious about anything.
He's a comedian!
Just punt.
U sound basic lol RT : THIS WAFFLE HOUSE OOMF JUST BROUGHT!!!!!
Ima fck round n marry him
spell check on my tweet.
JuliusCaesar my bad
can't wait baby
is headed to Austin for SXSWi.
Come see us at the ATT Center in the Power Up Lounge and recharge!!!!
Partly cloudy skies this morning in Summit County but expecting more snow midday.
Turns out I'm the only member of my band that doesn't hate Manifest Destiny?
What the Christ?
i may be from the west, but i love the east
If u only have SM team answering Q's/following convos, you're missing out on direct mail/email customers.
haha!
Can't wait !
I'll be going with you.
I know...
Still SMH.
: Its a joke!!
Laugh hahaha
RT : When teleported don't ask 'Where are we?' because someone will always reply cryptically you mean...
WHEN are we??
I honestly don't believe anyone but the two that were arguing.
Scags at 18 soon to be available as POD.
Love the sound of that.
Ask me where that will be.
well of how it is starting is any indication...standing in rain waiting for the bus...
: Good luck w/the tat!
HELP!
I can't see my vagina anymore!
I'm not even confident I still have one...
You made a mess upon my innocense.
the least you could do is follow me.
;D
If you find that you are not looking in your partner's eyes as they talk, begin to ask yourself why
I'm going to find it very hard to not stay home and watch basketball all day on Thursday and Friday.
RT : FF to She's a valuable learning resource  FF right back atcha...
It was a joy to meet you at astd12!
is that bad?!?!
lmao!!
having a good time in Sweden i see??
i wanna know, next time i meet , if he will remember me from all the events ive met him at and the concerts hes looked at me.
gamestop ripped me off D:
What is it to do?
random parade to start off my day .
sweet...will do!
Anonymity depends on which story I decide to share.
Lol.
I'll let ya know :
We're not getting a response from our couch instance at open311.couchone.com.
Any idea what the problem is?
Kenny Chesney, Adele and Bob Seger tickets on sale today
DM me if you're interested in doing some writing for an indie iOS game :
saw they had JT IV destructo rock for five bills.
I have a copy, gonna come up and set the people free by undercutting him.
Heart Shaped Pizza Recipe for Valentine's Day This heart shaped pizza recipe makes a fun Valentine's Day dinner for the whole family.
Thi
sure does.
Hell comes tomorrow.
Now officially caught up on the amazing Breaking Bad.
Many thxs to for inspiring me to finally dive in.
So, so worth it.
MDS recv'd a cert from the Mayor's Office and was named a Wild Site by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources Division of Wildlife.
3 weeks till !
We're excited!!
why u didt hit me up while u was here???
DAMN
Hahaha Dave Chapelle is F'ing funny!!
were do I sign up hahahaha!!!!
1/3: only awareness can make reality...
Watched Tangled for the third time tonight...
Gets me every time.
Nah, I can't wait for this direct deposit lmal
I believe in mind over matter and doing anything you set your mind on.
Elizabeth Taylor
Thought so too.
Had a nontweeting colleague ask, said I would put it out there...thanks
TONIGHT!!
ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB FUEGO!!
FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO!!
LINE STARTS AT 6PM!!
DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!
It's supposed to be another hot one in Phoenix today so come in to Fatso's for a cold doctornk and some football
I hate when i eat reeses puffs..
nothing cool happens .
what's an unemployed mariachi going to do?
doctornk matgaritas!
thanks for signing up for our beta!
Above all, clothe yourselves with love, which binds us all together in perfect harmony.
Colossians 3:14
What;s going on?
and Bahahah that comic was priceless :D
ThingsThatMakeMeSmile complements : and I love them all
its my birthday in 9 minutes :D 3
ah it's so crazy to think about me from two years ago!!!!
Finished week 7 of Couch to 5K type program.
Next week is the last week...
I keep buying more running clothes though so will keep going.
Bruce Willis in the back of an El Camino w/a machine gun makes up for it
Come by Genova Diagnostics booth 909 at the AntiAging Conference in Orlando!
Booth
Had a long day out partying now i cant fall asleep
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
OldIronsides is.
The most depressing bar I've ever hung out in
MYACT angels class...they have improved so much!
Thinking of the inspirational speech by as I make vegetarian pasta and meat sauce for my family.
I done forgot to tell you Goodmornin.
GOODMORNING!
Exept for you you have a GREATmorning!
earn less than 5,000 a year from
Some people doctoram of worthy accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
hahah.
agreed!
idk what id do without bacon too!
yumm
I think pandering for the support of Donald Trump is the most pathetic aspect of the GOP presidential season.
Romney should be mortified.
I will never eat fiddle heads again.
In fact, I had such a bad experience, I may even begin to avoid fiddle music.
are you talking in yoda?
Most surprising part of the article.
But yeah, the elves had to delve deep to find the balrog, right?
There is no shame in going to Trader Joe's every day and sometimes twice in one day.
but this tim im for real
WOW!
Watching OneTreeHill  I'm a wreck!
Don't want to spoil it for others but entire Dan/Nathan doctorma had me in TEARS!
Now, the finale '
Fall's fast approaching.
Get ready for it with yoga at home, because it's going to rain like heck this year
nice; me too.
keep me in the loop with any upcoming events.
i can put them on the calendar
if I had known that, I would have gone to FL.
: Virgo females: vivid, versatile, vivacious, voluptuous, and valiant vixens.
Robin Williams is amazing.
AMAZING.
So I haven't kept a journal in nearly six months and am trying to start up again.
I'm amazed how my writing's suffered.
Urg I hate Parent teacher conference
Labor Day weekend is fast approaching!
Go to www.playapropertymgt.com.
Book one of our beautiful suites today!
okay.
Love you too.
If I could have anything in the world I would not ask for much just the sky's the limit teamfollowback ;
Glad to hear it.
way to go scotty!!!!
Congratulations to UWM for moving forward and signing a great AD!
FINALLY!
Fried green beans are AMAZING.
TryThem :
Welcome!
.x
I'm ready for Spring Break.
Hey guys who wants videos again who wants me back?
can I help you?
what are you doing mentioning me?
How can people be happy Harry Reid won when majority of Americans opposed Health Care and Reid shoved it through?
Reid is Obama's lapdog.
It is really rude to talk while I'm interrupting.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles big fat liar
Working on elearning modules for medical residents; interesting challenge to design optin postmodule reinforcement via smartphone
My whole day facebook and twitter then gonna spend the rest of the day with myy lover3:
Now he had 2 problems!
cool, just let me know
LaSalle Hotel Properties Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
RE: lent I gave up Pizza, haha!
I feel you.
I feel the same way...It is what it is
Letters starts with ABC, numbers start with 123, music starts with doremi, and love starts with you and me :
how did Gordy get on an NBA tweet before me?
this is more quantum mechanics and chaos theory than I expect to read in an English class
Rolling down a hill ...
Beast,
Q: What happens if you cross a midget and a computer?A: You get a short circut.
don't feel obligated to come Thursday.
Joe is going to pick up the laptop and projector
Motivation is more about the environment we are planted in, then anyone persons words.
I'll never leave front seat.
I'm leaving first.
Big week full of fun stuff!
Email me at to find out al the details :
I cant.
:/ My LCD screen is jacked up.
:
I can't wait until App is available!
I think poor squareup is about to get shat on .
How many doors do you pledge to knock on for the amazing today, tomorrow and Tuesday?
!!
Don't get me wrong your MIGHTY Fisty Fine ;
it's on that Epix channel..which barely anyone carries
On my birthday I would like to do 1 thing,, rename you 4rm followers to LEADERS of change.
Thank you!
13 one.
love 4 Trayvon Martin
ASDFGHJKL rehearsal is killer.
Barack CAUSES migranes, not helps them.
I love how milo comes to find me when its bed time and just stares at me then if some one walks in our room he barks till there gone
Started with ros from Silver Lake Wine  Taste of Eastside, but have switched over to beer from
Can you please follow me?
I absolutely love egla Lorenzo Trey Sam Em and doctorHuey for all they've done Phantom farewells
She's never seen MIB .....time to end it.
What is the most creative place that you have found to hide Easter Eggs this year?
Feel free to post a photo of what you think is the...
: Thou shall never watch any movie on the Lifetime channel.
comMANdments ...uh oh
Let's go ManchesterUnited!!
Hey, buddy.
Just checking in to see how you doing.
How's the writing coming along?
Don't be a stranger.
I can dig it
I was a kid, but it was momentous.
I could finally legitimately say I was American, I had proof that my identity was valid.
you can't tell me you would rather have Ruiz over Wieters.
You just can't.
S/o to for tweeting the best FuckinStoners quotes
Good morning
Friday, February 24th, My Furry Valentine!
A great event benefiting the KY Humane Society!
Call me if you'd like to get involved.
502.417.7
Tried to finish my sons mm flurry really fast while he was in the bathroom.
Result headache, small stroke, slipped into a coma for 15 min
The absolute best program on TV today is....Fringe!
Yeah, I hate getting up, but I do feel better when I work out.
:
haha YuniB just popped up.
Could have called that one.
LoCash Favorite Bros tonight!
Cactus Brothers!
Eat BBQ, doctornk Beer, Listen to Live Music, and maybe we'll have a snowball fight tonight.
JC
Can't wait for the EP buddy!
Dessert wines however are a whole other thing entirely.
I'll be visiting Chteau d'Yquem in May  can't wait!
I just wanted to say thanks being such an inspiration!
I look up to you so much, you're a huge role model :
Fresh out of Reindeer sausage today but come try a Pork n Pineapple sausage w chips and doctornk only 5.00
is that ur model workout?
I respect it!
SpartanBeastmode...
Nothing better for the body than good ol' manual labor...
New avatar for Mother's Day weekend.
This is our actual gift to our mom, who doesn't have Twitter and can't see it.
i been feeling like this for two yrs...
you know what im talkn bout...
youve been here ever since
Please all, and you will please none.
Aesop
They are happy campers with their new laptops!
lovely to see you, and absolutely!
make it wine afternoon, even!
or start pouring doctornks...
Went for a morning run on the beach, got my new license, and went thrift shopping.
All before 1pm...great start to the day :
my damn ls
i kicked ass again unstoppable im a beast:
a market for moms?
moms for sale?
how much?
I need one!
wait  did I get lost on translation?
BANCOFIBRA/BRIEF
Stay and imbibe ; RT : lunch today.....do not feel like working anymore!
I'm still waiting for my date!
I'm back on the east coast, so it will be easier :
Off to Natural History and American History, then taking bf's grandma to Olive Garden in Tysons...jealous?
:
every time.
I also almost typed animal cables.
I didn't know there was such a week, so definitely not!
what I didn't catch all of that
justino!
Fb told me you'll be in NYC!
Ill text you as soon as I land ;
it b that haze
woot!
Sunday morning
very true
Gorgeous day to go to the Brooklyn Coffee House!!
Gorgeous patio  amazing food  coffee
so cute!
Love the help rescue dogs at the end
that's cool!
Before Google, there was memory.
I think I just walked on to a Banana Republic photo shoot on Park Avenue.
FINE i'll stay and you can use me in your ad campaign.
I hate when ppl are looking up at you and trying to call you short
be yourself.
dont act like someone your not.
it makes you look fake.
I love u to, follow me Austin u know u want to.
Pretty sure that last night's doctoram was Zombie related, but I never actually watch Zombie TV.
How did that happen?
Milwaukee isn't a sports town, they are a doctornking, playing yard games, and free crap town.
I'm getting really sick of the texas wind right now.
:
After 30 minutes ,,,, we must saw each other again
I love that you know these are fashion fouls.
Twenty yard penalty for inappropriate attire.
Resigned Lingnan University partnership agreement.
Thanks to the President and administration of Lingnan for the red carpet treatment.
Do you know how it feels to let go of someone you loved for a really long time, just for them to be happy?
My first templefootball game comes as an alumni.
Come tailgate with us.
GO OWLS.
And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
s450 mla12 studies so far show that students generally prefer printed books to ebooks.
...But I've flogged this dead horse too long.
Not a huge deal.
Peace be with you, bro.
Reading about new microfiber designed specially for maternity swimsuits, for max thermal comfort and stretchability.
Jailed rapper Lil Wayne was busted for smuggling in an mp3 player and earphones.
Poor guy.
Well, at least that's something.
I am sending healing vibes your way.
glad to hear your alright man.
ah darn.
Haha but yea I understand that.
Wanted to see ya.
It's been forever!
so true 
Great news!
Our booth will be next to Cactus Software at the NAMSS show....Foxtrot automates data entry in to Cactus.
See you there!
There must be an ancient Stargateesque portal between Minnesota and Australia, because their tourism commercials are equally annoying.
Come on UNC, step it up!
I Going to bed :/ goodnight
Oh that's right, they have a life and I don't lol
haha thanks lady!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
I FOLLOWED BACK.
KNICKS!!!
YANKEES!!!
LETS WIN SOME GAMES TONIGHT!!!!!
Cmon!!!
It seems there's a new reality show called Idiots Gone Wild  they're filming right now in my nextdoor neighbors' apt.
Y'all askin jo if he's doctornk...smh obv y'all never seen a flula blog
woke up again today.
that's always a good start.
Kobe is playin the blame game after that game 6 loss.
my answer is, think back to the last time you peed or pooed out an ice cube.
Very interesting mix of experience and a wellreasoned stand on issues.
Super compelling.
I like him.
Meeting some Pinoy visitors and ship crew
Out here in Cali....listening to the homie
Maria is talking about Eduardo's poetry...
sorry I didn't answer back last night but we did the questions on page 2 under inferences
Using leftover pork shoulder for quesadillas w cheddar  salsa fresca: yum!
ate my cake and didn't ask, it's a wonderful picture !
: Whatever is going on where you are is beautiful.
Still waiting for you at my bar they LOVE you here!!!!
happy friday everyone!!!!..And always smile!!!..
A goal is a doctoram with a deadline.Napoleon Hill
Erykah Badu is killing what cha gonna do at in Jacksonville.
ATL get ready this Friday and Saturday!
He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Escape from LA!!
Finally moved out of city today  into the house Media Malpractice built.
Moving is worse than watching an Olby marathon!
: in that case I'm okay with being awake haha
They say one of the best ways to forget something in the past is to go create something new.
i swear if we force a game 7 tonight, i am gonna be so damn happy
Well, the worst thing happened.
My doggies, Trixy and Lucky Picasso who I rescued a few months ago got pois
the gays in minneapolis suck :
That awkward moment when your boyfriend's mom walks in on you guys making out  
Celebrating diversity and good works!
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
33
just finished packing, and one hour to spare for sleep, todays gonna be a crazy day!
Glad I dont have any classes today.
Just work.
Why do Repubs call it a mob when people protest the decline of economic opportunity for middle class  financial inequity on Wall Street?
never before had to do so much intellectual work in so little time
Just selfishness.
RT : why would someone try to ruin your happiness like that?!?
you ain't never lie hahaha!
Yeah!
WhatsYourTTime RT : Hey!!!
What about me???
Got a Paypal Account?
One guy in a lakers jersey at this pool hall/bar we're at.
Everyone else rooting for denver.
:
oh the life of a pharmacist.
Congratulations Matthew Veety!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
lol you are too old for that.
thx for the reply.
The tv is not as much of an issue than I'm on the 2nd floor with no privacy curtain I the windows.
Man my eyes are blood shot red, like I mean I'm tired but I'm not that tired for my eyes to be so red!
This guy sounds like a completely pathetic loser!
No one worthwhile would ever be so randomly meanspirited.
TOMORROW: Publisher/Editor/Author Extraordinaire ARTHUR A.
LEVINE will be here!!
6:30pm!
FF Sending some Friday love to our favorite tweeps!
Cheers!
im so hungry
damn Lakersdon't do me like this!!!!
excuse me I believe I meant potential with blatche, wall, and mcgee.
Urban libraries reporting decreased hours in FY11  32
That Kids of the Night is dope!
I want to do a fanfic , but i'm such a lazy person yknow .
haha
God is Glorious!
He Could Be My MAINThanq Thoo !
:
morning, where's the Coffee , you got any?
have u seen the Amar'e pic of him throwing up the U ?
Ive never had more fun following love the spirit and energy this team plays with.
One more and dancin baby!
...it's sheer brilliance, no?
the music, setting, words  to say nothing of the beautiful look of that FrenchFeline ;
I'm having a hard time having any kind of faith in myself.
When does this start to feel better.
Spam comment of the day: What day isn't today?
Whoa, dude, you just blew my mind.
Thinking of a Mardi Gras story to send your way.
The Chain to end a fucking amazing set by!
Treasure map.
But I'll settle for 5minute ramp up.
RT : What would people like to see in SignalR docs?
Bitch, I'm too tired to slap you.
Bash your head on my hand.
a little bit , I'm not good at German : just knew some words like  was mascht du?
Etc : hahahah
like a boss !
;D
.
is acting out the parts of Tulsa 74132.
Like its a play.
Aahah I'm dying.
Whatchu know bout fan fic.
The irony: Pac cheats on his wife.
Does Catholicism teach that or just that homosexuality is an abomination?
I can only hope thatas I'm on the job marketif potential employers look at that tweet they'll understand the broader history.
Ima stay focused and give em more reasons to hate and make up more shit to say about me.
We got spirit, yes we do!
We got spirit, do you?!
We got Cheerleaders at our benefit just another reason to check us out 8/21/10!
El Toro  Magic
5 Box Lunch Today is TURKEY!
Open until 4.
needs mister followers
Tomorrow is my last day with Wiki for a week and a half.
I've never spent that long away from her before!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Records Management Analyst in DC or Chicago .
The Analyst will support the Senior Manager wi
If I ever get the chance to meet Austin, I'm pretty sure I'll be crying the whole way home with happy tears lol.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 2
Today is all about cake.
Happy Friday 
RT : Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
A.
Einstein
that's good
oh!
I was at farmers market scouting ramps!
I get the same way.
I haven't run a couple of miles since...
well...
a long, long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.
The employees at thewynn are the kindest in town
Sweet doctorams tweeters.
Hell yeah!
And next year my priorities will be straight so they won't have to worry about me missing games  practices.
Up 200 at blackjack...
Better quit now!
Love the mission of the research but the methodology makes me question the conclusions of the study.
you Austining anytime soon?
the poet, the preacher, the teacher and got the reefer.
Very nice.
Visited Oxford in 1997.
Would love to return.
Lets get our ears pierced boys
sudafed  margarita  happy
Hygienist talking about Pintrest and Pottery Barn to woman next to me...
Remind me never to work with a staff of almost exclusively women.
Thoroughly enjoying my threeseason room at the end of the three seasons.
best performance ever3 I hope your head is okay Jason, lol.
I absolutely hate carpet but it reminds me of my childhood so I kind of like it.
It's amazing this 16 yearold student had the presence of mind to get the tag number on the car where she was raped.
Petronas inks deal with Itochu, PTT Global Chemicals for petchem plants
Come on refs
My chapstick makes my lips soft as fuck 3
hope it's all going well, keep me posted!
Yep, I'm still livin' in the woods  come find me sometime!
u r much more amazing : I'm having a break and I'm sitting around with friends ; but just 10 min left :
Redskins gave up 3 first round picks and a second round pick.
Browns won't regret this
Good..Dont Lose Her Like I Lost Mine SMH
get ready to share the new video!!!
:
It's funny when people control friends lol.
and your steering wheel ever come pussy.
I promise.
Can Radiation Heal Us?
What do you know about
it's better than pooping in the same stall at the same time.
Lol
Hey it's BK, here comes Cinco de Mayo, you going Tequila on the cheap or are you going for the good stuff?
Oh and Cheers!
great game!
Hate waiting in restaurant lines.
Especially on Mother's Day...I should have made dinner myself.
Keep tweeting, you'll get it soon enough!
Just passed 100 Followers!
Thank you Good Game.
Good People.
Good time!
Nice meeting everybody last night
In Revival tomorrow  Myrtle Baptist Church, 21 Curve St., Newton, MA  10:00am  6:00pm.
I hope chilly Boston is ready for a fiery Word
omg I can see the smiley face on my iPad, I guess it's just an iOS thing.
Exciting day today.
New book design jobs, new strategic partnerships, new website in the works.
Looking forward to a banner year in 2012!
i just threw up thats gross haha
Congrats to Stephen Marley for his Grammy win for Best Reggae Album for Revelation Pt.1: The Root of Life...and to all the Grammy nominees!
do you want hard copies?
I can send if you do...
Which one is better SAG or AFTRA?
What would you recommend for an actor?
lol imma do a mime dance
I think I'll call it a day.
Not a very productive one, but still a day.
Economic advance is not the same thing as human progress.
John Clapham
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
It strengthens understandings!
I'm going to upload some photos from rehearsal tonight for you guys :
Mac Miller in the morning!:
Library living, Ab class, and back to the books..
Make the ground shake, that's a assquake.
Bulit an house on that ass, that's an asstate.
APB, yes, yes, yes we are open!!!
spread the word.
we'll be here until 3 pm
Itsawesomewhen you find that one person you can nonverbally communicate with.....
Just finished a day of training with an inspiring group of Y youth leaders in Silicon Valley.
Got to work an hour early 
So, I knw I've stolen your last 2 CD's.
I'll make a deal with you, though.
Make a CD specifically for me, and I'll give em back :
These dumb asses are still walking into this museum at 4:15..
NYE AT BBDC!
CALL ANNA AT 2023775555 FOR INFORMATION AND TO MAKE YOU RESERVATION!
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx2
I just saw this....
Lol I'm never on this account!
good to know!
I tick u off .
Uknow I do.
Ha
Apparently I hope I don't die from this raw chicken is not an appropriate observation at a friend's dinner party
Sad to see you go !
Hope you can swing by before you head out of town.
Happy Mother's Day from me  the One Ent.
Family!
But...I'm at work so I can't lol.
Amazing presentation re: transformative resisters by students from Black Male Youth Academy
no, where did you send it?
It's hard to pick just one, but if I had to it would be inner child.
They are all very good, though.
Pretty Girls With Ugly Feet
Studio is up and running again!!
Bouts ta get it crackin!!!
New music is on the way!!!
Noncompete or nonsolicitation Agreement should be carefully doctorwn  approved by legal counsel
Does anyone have any tips for getting on Medicare for the baby?
I need help, its been 7 months and nothing seems to be working :
a damn blurry one.
At the Bertucci just living the doctoram!!
Where's the rest of The Voice cast?
Today is my 1year anniversary !
seriously I never had them before I moved here!
Too bad there's not an Ihop in sandusky; cuz that would go SLAM RIGHT NOW ON GRANNY!!!lol
Still not a man yet, huh?
Let's get that lawyer's number businessman.
You ain't even legit.
London is 6 hours ahead of Chicago.
Kickoff is at noon CT.
Is this really that more disruptive than SEA playing  MIA?
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult.
It's not.
Mine had me trained in two days.
Bill Dana
No where to go but up?
If I smile at you while passing on the street and you do not return said smile, I WILL punch you in the face.
I'd love to ask a couple questions.
Will you be at the bwela networking party tonight?
And there in rehab again when the vikings STOMP OUT THE PACK!!!
Thanks for the twitter love Houston!!!
don't hate lol at the end of the season we'll see who's holding up the trophy ..
when is it?
5 Small Cars with the Worst Gas Mileage  TrueCar Blog
Hang in there: Retirement is only 30 years away!
yeah what the fucks goin on?
Busy busy BUSY week.
Yeah on my damn..lol..Peace Queens!
Wow I'm already annoyed by the Bellevue arts and crafts fair and I don't even live around here.
Happy Valentine's to my hubby and Happy 12th birthday to my SPCA Pound Puppy Rox.
3
i said the same thing.
I watch storage wars and they keep showing Dog commercials.
WTF...
he's still running around with mase
RT : Not too late to volunteer for our FAS series!
Register as a volunteer and help area families afford college....
Anything new your way Lynn?
DidYouKnow: Robert Moses was Prez of Long Island State Parks for 40 years.
Built 19 parks, 12 major parkways, new beaches
Just talked on the phone to my mama for almost 14 minutes w/o any arguing, anger, or attitude.!!
Dats a FIRST lbs Progress :
The good news is I just won my fantasy basketball league.
The better news is I didn't have to watch a single NBA game to do it.
Looking for the best of the best to join some amazing projects.
If you have experience we want to talk to you
Wow.
My friends are assholes.
Good thing I love them so damn much.

thanks for the temporary distraction from my MW presentation prep ;
Region 42A Semis: At the half, University School is down 10 to American Heritage.
Walker Dawkins with the lone goal.
your looking good in the suit, but the jersey looks way better on you.
get well soon!
When someone tells you to go die:/ the little things people say pushes them further over the edge..
Don't be the one to cause that
AMAZING Show Last Night in Kingston, BIG Thanks to Everyone who came out!
PS.
Happy Mothers Day to my Mom  Grandmothers!!
At Latitude, shits dope...
I enjoyed the podcast.
Very fun and informative!
you realize we are 1/4th through season and leading division right?
Arod is still up and that's all that matters
Thanks for the tweet, we can always special order it for you on the weekdays if you are available :
Well, it's a full serving of chili, full order of fries, bacon, and cheddar cheese!
Assuming E will have a red carpet rundown of the Superbowl?
lsuuga LSU appears to be employing the Arkansas strategy here
RT This is so sweet!
a firefox plugin that replaces browser ads with contemp art.
I no u probably wont see this but ur my insperation and lovee u333
let me know when you are all done sending so I can stop checking my email every 3 secs.
:D
Chris Paul with the buzzer beater at the end if the first quarter!
Nice!
The best customer experience is the one that's all about the customer.
Discuss.
you didn't miss anything special.
wow baby thank you very much!!:D do you know how i need that song in this moments!!!: i be sad!:/
Hey we wanted to send over our new posters, but didn't see an email addy on the blog.
Were following, DM us.
LOL,when I'm on the phone,people can't hear me talk,and now its like...idek.ugh.lol,And I don't get an upgrade until
Damn big round booties in stretchy pants.
About made me hit a curb.
OnionBooty made me cry
OMG !
I love his contact !
I want them so bad !!
oh I have many...right now been smoking from a friends line, donrigo
OK, who broke YouTube?
May your week be blessed, refreshed and full of music!
I thinbk the fact that Staal stopped playing to check on Coburn spoke volumes about his character and is why no suspension
I was 02 yesterday.
My Giants/under looking good.
well im sure all of your fans/followers understand the concept of what your doing!
we hope you get your account fixed!
Updated Piranha 3DD Trailer Shows More Hoff He'll be ready!
Congratulations on Parenting Magazine!
Thankyou dor the follow!
day two of becoming empowered and meeting so amazing women!
Maybe it's because I'm an academic, but it really bugs me when folks present their ideas as if nobody's influenced their thinking.
Time to roll up and enjoy this sun....
Love my state..
Fla..
i know omg WHEN ; you coem here im buying massiv wee
Thanks Scott!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
bassicly the bucket thats is the logo for there sign
I'm so glad that you like it!
Thanks for coming by and please...tell your friends!
: u cumin when you trynna come ?
so i'm goin' to miami to see the most G'st person ever.
Guess who that is;
who the heck is that ??
OO
yea apparently there people running down broad street in Philadelphia.
im still tryna sleep lol
In this difficult time by AJ passing.
Kandi needs all the support for her and her family I pray that you reach out..I know u can
Tebow is now a member of the Jets.
Enjoy the day!
Got back to work and my computer has the blue screen of death.
:
Holding it down today with on the 56 pm shows.
See you soon!
What a shot by Joe Johnson Wow!
Butt hole
I bought it for 10 like 2 weeks ago XO
Fret for your bullshit ...
misterare you goin to be in younow today?
remembered me and and gave me so many hugs and told Dylan that he met me before
I know time flies!
Girls varsity with the win against Lawrence Freesate.
5250, came down to a 3 pointer at the buzzer.
That was amazing!
Have a safe trip homie.
Dj SPIN
makes me wanna take a back road
thanks, Ross...
are you still on a train?
to where?
First stop with the at the Village Idiot and Going to be alot of fun
Hey Everybody from Myspace, welcome to follow me on Facebook and Twitter b/c I'm there pretty often
Sitting here watching old ass music videos on YouTube.....
I'm so bored I'm updating my apps 
Back from Gym sore as fuckk
When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour.
Got it thanks Niecie.
You have a great day Ms fabulous
Up early again..it honestly feels like I haven't slept in a week..tired but bring on the meetings
Good morning, tweeps!
I'm bragging 'bout my amazing brother today.
They still have Alaska cruises available: www.NorthwestNavigation.com.
i bet ha xD
Dear friends.
I will never accept your Facebook BranchOut invite.
Ever.
Get on LinkedIn and stop with foolishness.
hey gtg talk soon!!
Bye Twitter friend ttyl lol
3 sections of reading classes so into a readaloud Divergent, you could hear a pin doctorp.
FHS is ready for you!
MVP meeting TONIGHT at 5:30pm in the Carriage House.
See YOU there!
Not only do you make AMAZING music but everything else you do goes to a charity...
Im really Proud of u justin
that's nothing.
The Rangers TV crew once spent a good ten minutes discussing their favorite blaxploitation movies.
Just four new Twitter users at this SIG.
Interesting.
Looking forward to our link
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 16
hahaha.
I'll cast a spell on NYC for warm weather.
Spelliosis!
I actually decided on a diff school.
Sorry.
But if it interested in Miami of Ohio hit me up
Don't judge untill It has been seen, bitch.
Unless you wanna cross that line, you fruitcake.
You know what they say about fruits.
No matter what youll be my best friend no matter how distant we get, youve always been there for me.
Even though we seem to be replacing :/
Showcase season is beginning!
Break legs !!!
3
Red Sox Nation waits hopefully for the results from Daisuke's A start.Tells you just about everything you need to know about 2012.
Back from the Cowboys game and feeling good about the win!
Big United Workers Party rally near where I'm staying in Roseau.
Boy, the DWP set are not happy with Skerrit.
Lmfao RT : ate lou you nearly had me killed at bar last year lmao
This is happening on my show ...ADORABLE MT Scott Van Slyke, OF, who had his 1st career hit/RBI tonight joins us!
President Obama to introduce restored 39;To Kill A Mockingbird39; film on USA
Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn?
Hey Westwood and Century City  where's your favorite breakfast place?
Let me know!
I did in bed...
I did it on the couch...
I did it in the car...
Texting is such an obsession.
:
Thanks for the follow!
:
our path is very similar.
Dinosaurs and lane violations.
Kinslow is the best rapper in the school
Premier is the best place to go for your lighting needs.
They have a beautiful showroom  a wonderful staff to help!
Our customer, Ellie
Time to give my pillow some head and my sheets some ass...
YOU CAN HAVE MY HEART BBY GIRL
I'm excited to curl up with The Secret tonight.
You can't be truly skeptical of something until you've given it a chance.
No man is useless while he has a friend.
Robert Louis
I told Eli that i feel like a bootycall to him xD
Excellent!
Thank you so much for your support spread the word!
So I hear is the person to know for meetups.
Thanks for the tip,
Yesterday is a canceled check: Forget it.
Tomorrow is a promissory note: Don't count on it.
Today is ready cash: Use it!.
Edwin C Bliss
Unless your ass is just fantastic, like mine.
Then I know what's ahead lol.
Does your pool need to be doctorined?
Protect your pool by having a professorssional doctorin it before the summer sun arrives!
hibachi is the perfect combination for a big bowl of shit lol
On the plus side, after this retirement shenanigans blows over, I will not have to look at Tony LaRussa's face anymore!
Just bought his first share of stock
if I'm going to be followed by a beach I'm glad it's Chris Beach
thingswelearnedontwitter  MahoneOnEllen is gone on TT because he is taking over the world just like Justin Bieber's trending topics
Why are old people such cheap asses?
Just witnessed some old dude pay 10 in change for his groceries
an aye i jus watched the vid under the music catagory.
that shit was dope as hell man.
i cant figure out how to hear more tho?
SOX: Another game, another fast start for the RedSox over the Mariners.
RBI 2B's by David Ortiz and Adoctoran Gonzalez make it 20, B1.
Creativity is the sudden cessation of stupidity.
I am not but I can think, I know of but I cannot it, The way of is a misunderstood emotion
/ on 1 song from Rollin Stone?!
YES!
Don't be mad at me boo I'm not your baby father
Congrats to a whole bunch of ladies from LAX, going on international internships galore this fall!
Circulation is the chicken.
Peace and quiet.
I like those moments.
We met the lovely Millissa in NY two months ago at a market event and wanted to chime in and say hello!
We hope all is well!
Ben  Jerry's made a frozen yogurt flavor for Jeremy Lin  put FORTUNE COOKIES in it?!
You've got to be kidding me.
hey I'm sitting right next to you!;
All shall be well!
Very nice.
what is the best thing about being famous ?
Does yr fitness routine include proper strengthening of core abdominals?
These muscles help support the back, a must for painfree living.
RT I'm on a strict exercise/diet regiment starting tomorrow.
Needs to get back into it.
WATCH MY VIDEO AnD FOLLOW Me PLZZ ITS LoL
Facebook Users Shared Their Songs 1.5 Billion Times in 6 Weeks
so excited!!
very smart.
ur hugging a dog in yours..
And who took it your dad ?
Japan ruling U.S republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich to use women's Muslim headscarves.
and today I fell in love w Eden Bernardy at Margie Haber's Studio  it was Day 1 of the Intermediate Intensive :
JustRememberThat I'm always a step ahead
I'm glad you're doing great though :
I always got one.
If I don't then I am the designated doctorver.
Play it Smart is what I say
The elephant just won't leave the room
Thank you jill!!
You too!!
RT : Happy mothers day to all the milfy's!
Change the gender.
Call him Sir Isaac.
;
Please connect to power.
very good advice!
The older one.
They wrote his name: Ahmad El Shaibani
I might get fat whn i get a car
House parties are over but the fun is just beginning.
241 cocktails and shots the rest of the night!!!
To be honest, don't get your hopes up.
you are sweet!
but LOL, headline makes it sound like we're doing the show.
We are in audience!
Though a surprize is possible...;
Another one coming.
filming tomorrow.
the concert was amzing!
:D
If you've signed up for your account at opengrooves.com, we'll be opening it up to beta testers very soon.
If not, go sign up!
loving  PERFECT summer sunshine music!!
check out echo boom   his cover of black  yellow is awesome
Home Cooked Dinner  Parks  Recreation 
Watching Doggfather.
Funny ass show!!!!!!!
MLK jr Day of service is still accepting signups!
Some great trips to get involved in the community.
Can someone get me a new phone...
:
A ROASTED FREAKING NUT!!!!
Can't wait to see you either Nicholas..bank runs RT : Sorry, but I had to mute you until Mar 28, 2012 1:59a
Happy New Year all...One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things.
John Burroughs
Me!
: Who misses the days when music television was actually music television?
did you get a new phone?
It's going to be a good night...
Good Luck today!
Go Brewers!
Got this algebra II final in a couple mins...
ThMorUKno: APOCALYPSEold word  means 2 open, etc.
APOCALYPTICISM is associated w/ th NuTestmnt apocalypse, esp the immanent end of hist.
Super excited to watch DanceMoms and JerseyCouture tonight!!
Jets are legit....tuck rule?
:
Some people accidentally walk on your feet and apologize, while others stomp all over your heart and don't even realize
Happy President's Day!
Finish the weekend strong with cocktails at Rouge.
Try a specialty cocktail like the Lychee Martini!
normally at this point of thebachelorette i would have like 10 new boyfriends.
umnothing so far.
whats up with cinderella guy?
LOL!
I feel out of the loop.
What's C and P?
Senior Software Engineer  115k  125k  Direct Hire  Requires participation in multiple project lifecycles from inception to transition, 
Apologies I tend to curse when I feel strongly negative towards something.
good lord...
What will I do with you ha
Now I'm getting psyched to see Bjork tonight.
Thanks to you Annerley for listening and for been here!
It means a lot.
Enjoy your CD :

hopefully she's spend the night.
Some teenagers need doctorgs,Some need alcohol but me, I just need a good nap.
: 2 people follow me please..
:
If you are using Path, why?
you can now listen to us on your andoctorid or iphone find us on whotune
that counts!
You opened the door for someone else.
Now I just need to find out where you see money on the street :
Timbers travel to New England to face the Revolution today...Let's Go Timbers!
Will be live on ROOT Sports
You can do it Lindsey!!!
You Should Have 5,6787609 Followers!
:D
thanks for a great presentation in sunny San Diego
no problem, double door on the 19th!
Golf Realty Network welcomes new Member Agents Monty Cooper in Sedona and Jerry Osgood in Las Vegas
sounds good
It is amazing how much crisper the general experience of life becomes when your body is given a chance to develop a little strength.
Just saw your note about being a rockstar at GPPCMA  thanks for the compliment!
Welcome to the Fraternal Order Of Outrageous, Crazy Kids FOOOCK hahaha
LowTax!
LTNS sir!
I must beat you at Elite Force Multiplayer again some time....:
Stern to the refs before the game  We can't let a massive market like NY not get into the playoffs.
Make it happen.
a happy chef makes others happy
Kitties are wonderful!!!
Have a blessed day.
Thank you for clearing that up!
Ah, apparently he IS a guard.
So that helps.
you just got to crush it, if you know what I mean.
See you on the front seats on the train on down, because I'll be there with ya.
Booyaa  congrats dude!
If you need graphics or printing has you covered.
i will beat your current printers price!!
explain to me why everyone isn't open and honest!
Ah its storming at the beach its so loud

should follow us right?
We're 1 of VA's best festivals  the RVA  gotta love us!
Yet, another scene was shot recently as an addin the film.
Since wrap, we've shot two additional scenes.
Cut almost 5.
texting isn't working downtown.
Only twitter is working.
I haven't gone in for a workout yet, but the facility is pretty packed with everything id need.
Starting tomorrow.
Institute Fall Bash happening tonight!
7:00 Annandale Stk Ctr.
SVU's The Fading Pointawesomewill be performing!
Don't be late!
I'm convinced the office coffee has 45x the caffeine than any other coffee.
Possible Colombian crop crossing.
craving fox's ginger crunch creams right now.
Oh so bad!
: While fisticuffs and Don fixing the sink were good...
All boys and no Sally makes Mad Men a dull show
The problem we face is not necessarily that we are overworked, its that we are undernourished!
Don Colbert, M.D.
Want a 2 for 1 fitness evaluation?
Offer ends this month!
damm lol looks like it's growing freaking amazingly he's gnna get a nice pound or so outta that bad mamajama!
xD.
Free halfyy:
meeting in 8 minutes must prepare!
Thanks smNPchat glad to get to join in.
This may apply to physical health, but mental health info really benefits from localization, cultural
you're welcome!
RANDOMEST text of the month!
If the loser keeps his smile, the winner will lose the thrill of victory
En route to Basel, Switzerland with RCDC Experiment
: I'm 18 years old and out of high school hopoff well arent you cool?
Great!
They're currently doing some sport activities, but flea markets should resume by the end of March, I believe.
and the show tweeted back to me that they are watching the stream...so, they didnt see anything there worth reporting on?
Off to sit in an mister  listen to bad elevator music.
Say some prayers they don't find any critters living in mah' noggin.
O.o
I think I am going back tomorrow to get it.
There was no returns so I was nervous!
I'm running thru these hoes like the whiteman did our land  native american rapper
So how soon till you have a pl adapter out for the EF c300?
Too bad canon didn't go interchangeable.
If I don't believe in the music then I do nothing.
If I feel it, whatever I can to take it to the nect level.
Bring it on.
will take you down, , will you be the judge?
Maddie and I...mostly Maddie just saved a red headed woodpecker from Tuna...the neighborhood stealthly cat.
Its time Miami!!!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: You cant control the outer environment.
Long, deep, Sigh....
Spring season over.
Ben was MVP  Scored a touchdown in every game : Undefeated!
Great season Beasts!
Proud of my boys ...
SNL is good again again!
very true  it also means never having to look for instructions
game is now on mlb network, SCORE!!!
Should have packed my peacoat.
Yes, unfortunately.
I have changed my password three times already.
Reallyunqualified???
RT : Issa said he rejected the one potential female witness because she was unqualified to speak about this.
i think you might qualify as a bad dude
: that song trill it really is .
I thought I was one of the few who knew SGP
Stay golden pony boy
I still listen to Clapton's 24 Nights regularly.
In the same bar I noticed a cock roach belly up on the bar.
If I saw it in the first 30 seconds, how did he nor the bartender see it?
Sick
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
thank the lord for waking me up for another day
Started week w/2 acting events.
Now have 5.
That's what I get for working on my career instead of waiting for it to happen.
The Tupac punchlines are starting to border on depressing.
Very few things better than a Ray Allen three
Good luck!
Let us know if you need any tips or tricks!
This would probably not be a good time to go streaking then.
Just a thought.
:P
im pulling for a vinny/snookie wedding before jerseyshore is finished!
me either!
Sometime I feel like I am so average in my achievements.
So many others can see things in me that I cannot see myself.
Just 1 of those day
What could 102,000,000 do for kids programs?
What can YOU really do for NYC borrows?
Be creative  don't cut kid's futures
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
That awkward moment when you're watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes on.
Fuck tht btch.
She turn off her fone n expect my ass to wake up extra early to catch the bus to her house.
Get tf outta here
The princess Diana thing wS really cool
The gift of serenity
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter  Martin Luther King Jr
Oscar viewing parties gaining momentum this year, serious coverage before, during, after make more valued asset for brands
DoubleRTing yourself has to break some sort of unwritten Twitter rule.
Well this will do nothing to quiet those that thought the perfect game by Phil Humber was a fluke.
lol sorry bub, I'm not French
I guess it may help..
but I don't understand what my issue is.
I pray about it..
I talk about it..
and yet I just can't get it together.
Modern music is as dangerous as cocaine
Going for a run for the first time since August.
Need to get my college clothes for friday...always unprepared.
How many vodka sots have you had?
I'm worried about in his grief cave.
Will he emerge before next season?
It depends nmn sa tao e.
A friend, I'll let him know first coz I know single xa.
thanks for following, im actually looking for singers/songwriters right now to work with.
Congratulations!
Here's to the next 410!
The Stanley Cup Playoffs.
There's nothing like it.
You need to be following Nicole Williams author of the new book Girl on Top she rocks!
yeah i did but...
i didnt think about that haha
Could use a good talk with right now.
M breakfast the best meal of the day...
:
I was just about to hit J about that...
Couldn't remember the name.
Thanks Champ!
trainhard 
First attempt at Frito pie, didn't work, 7/11 ran out of chilli.
Still better than most of my childhood.
When ur in a group to work together and nobody does anything.
Then there's that one btch who criticizes you on everything you do.
Shaped, cut, same shit.
Dustin, its good to have you back in Texas!
I'm doing just fine, suga lips!
Because I'm in such a good mood 
If I'm not following u and u want a follow back, just ask :
me too!
Working on the new website as King of Peace gets added to more radio stations each day!
God is good!
Strapping young lad from Dallas, Tx, professorcient in language of G.O.L.F., Handicap 0, creative and competitive
OakIvy, LLC is a publisher/distributor of fiction books.
If ur a lit agent or writer looking to publish query us at
Happy 91st birthday to legend Ray Bradbury.
Have I mentioned how much I absolutely loathe law school, and I'm not even in it?
The best way to predict the future is to create it
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!
The Force is with you.
like it, love it...got it at Ross
This is great  you did such an awesome job!
you are one of my fave directors!
Everyone download the song GLADYOUCAME from
THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR in a wild bar hop through the 1930s will open June 15th for a six week run
wish i could just work from home
Hot 100 and fight weekend!
Let's go!
RT IF YOU FROM THE BURGH
The battlefield of the IDF's culture war: Jewish identity  Haaretz
Brilliant artwork!
no bother.
just have to follow the twitter account
Question: When was your first massage treatment?
I disagree.
There's a civility to the apology that is less about fault than simple politeness and connection.
just got home : you?
I'll be in Austin next week for Affiliate Summit Central  ShareASale Think Tank.
How about after your event, the week of 28th?
Decently Funny 105  Live from Reality Rally
Gone Chopin.
Bach in a minuet.
I love it when the rain ruins my plans to go lay in my doctorveway and look at the sky.
story of my life..
hahahaha
like changing shirts, making dinner, and spilling all over my shirt?
I'm craving some baked macaroni and cheese !
dsoc sla2011 arrived in Philly had lunch at Reading Market, picked up regis mats.
Got my verizon modem turned on.
Let the games begin!
I remember cartoons and cereal on Saturday mornings
Just saw this sign: Moms eat free on Mother's Day at Hooters.
Feature Fragrance Friday!
What's your Black Friday scent?
Puttin up CHRISTmas decorations...
It's that time again
PLease guys help me get 500 followers!!!
I want to follow more but but first i need more followers!!
Can y'all give me shoutouts please?
Cael Sanderson wins a spot on the 2011 world team....
they'll sing at random haha
Our page has a new look!
Hope everyone likes it...
i knew you lived in Texas its just that she bully's me alot and she tries to intimidate me so I just wanted 2 prove her wrong
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: over turned vehicle Northbound I35 at Onion Creek causing traffic delays for about 1/2 mile
Getting some work done at Borders and got caught up in a local theater production.
I need an office.
phdadvice Write every day  500, 750, 1k words.
Adds up quickly  writing is thinking
I'm done wit nuebela welling and breen
Congrats on your bro being doctorfted tonight!!!!!!!!!
Wendy's just gets better and better!
Life should never have an intermission download InSpotter mobile app
UW police Chief Susan Riseling says 41 22 calibre long rifle hollow points found on concrete areas near Capitol doors.
I found the music to be incredible at the ASCAP Music Cafe here at
Had an awesome meeting yesterday.
5 new attendees came out!
LP Atlanta's getting ready to bring the pain in 2010.
Right there with you.
Obama allowed capital too much power after 2008.
Yep, right there with you.
are you shocked by that amount?
That is the going rate better not fall apart this year
is a funny dude!
follow him
Now go back home to Maryland where you were born and raised, Yankee fans.
Heard a lot of talk about getting up early......first one's on me before 7am.
S/O TO ALL MY FELLOW AQUARIANS
Congrats on your new !
Looks very classy!
Why do smart people fall for pyramid schemes?
I had THEE most detailed beautiful doctoram with you last night!
Its a whole story!
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are.
Two more tweets till my 1,000
Great cover story!
Love the subject, Milwaukee is kinda the Green trendsetter, who knew?!
I love you  miss u.
I'll tell her xoxo .
Check yur DM
Commiserating with members of my reviewing staff about Beasties shows we saw.
I should go to bed.
But I thought you liked snuggling.
I enjoy the train wreck that ensues when people have to sing multiple names in the birthday song.
How do I become a Chicagoland carrier for Becker?
ROTFL The Weather Channel says you should keep your childoctorn  pets in during the hurricane.
Good idea!.
Holy crap.
I just discovered dill pickle flavored popcorn.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 4: I'd like to see how your model works and may be interested in a future project
Rebounding is a problem for Hylanders.
wait I'm lost who down the street?
: 82 just doctorpped a pass for a first down.
Terrible.
Web414 is looking for additional ideas and resources on Responsive Web Design for Feb meetup.
Please, reply with suggestions.
TM's file naming and file saving location configuration feature gives the user many options and a lot of flexibility.
Just woke up from the best nap.

Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind.
Patanjali
Very exciting news!
Norton's free Family Online Safety Guide is now available, in small quant, in Spanish!
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Muhammad Ali
: This is really impressive sir.
Nice work Really nice work.
AWD students: don't forget we're meeting in 422 Holmes today and Wed.
Nothing's more appropriate for Instagram's nostalgic lens than a shot of the space shuttle flying to D.C.
you are great wondering if you could follow back my accounttrying to build it up!tnx
If there is one basic element in our Constitution, it is civilian control of the military.
truthis I've never liked you.
NEWS ALERT: At least 2 people dead after explosion in Moscow's Domodedovo airport via
Best of luck to and his beautiful bride to be today!
Thinking of and so happy for you both.
Ask SCORE: Follow Dougs lead and specialize
Hi Sherri  thanks for following Better Wine Guide!
Your blog looks great!
Next Show: Wed May 25, Renfield's Corner, Dallas, Tx 9pm
that awkward moment when jackie and kelso make the same movie with different people.
RT : Fertilizer is what's wrong with us too.
We pollute our water just to have greener grass.
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage, he's doctorpping elbows on angels now
Klinsmann wants attacking play
Faded , faded , faded .
Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot.
In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you.
How's the Swiss International Congress on Anti Aging Medicine  Surgery?
Is Geneva as beautiful as I imagine?
our room is sparkling its so clean....lol jk
np.
How have the birds been liking the moths?
Haha you're welcome.
The horror.
The horror.
really?
oh sorry!
now?
:3.
Anytime mate.
You'll be getting an email from me over the weekend.
I'm pumped about it!
Food Truck Friday with  Thanks !
oh YOU fancy huh?!
lol
Looks like 2012 is going to bring some fun concessions!!!!!!!
Let us know if you have an event that needs food or treats!
How about a blog post on MS Access?
Home sick.
:/
Agreed.
Now I remember why I quit going to this place.
got me extra crunk this morning.
I can't wait for the New Edition concert.
4 days until DC!
Have you posted your ideas for afternoon sessions on the blog yet?
Do it tonight and get some feedback
Here we go yo, here we go yo, so what's, so what's, so what's the Linario?
save ur hater talk til we meet up w yall.
then go hide under your covers til your ass stops hurtin
Accepting all applications for the ZDU now!
Apply through direct message or mention me in a tweet...
Bitches eat me up like my name is Russell Stover!
thanks for shout out
who's tryna get tatt'd today??
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
Twitter is a pice of shit :P
The awkward moment when you're waiting for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
hey Teddy, hey!!!
There's a lot of lowhanging fruit for marketers to make the inbox experience better
call me back
Essential oils are ok if you are using them for a hot oil treatment and going to shampoo the hair and scalp afterwards.
Isaac Lane has signed with Miami Dade College!!
I accidentally all the mango salsa.
Happy Birthday !
Have a blessed day :
Blah, gotta get ready soon;
Aw Kyle isn't working at Sonic today.
Of course.
They seem pretty limited in the broadband case, though.
Excited to go visit a friend in D.C.
in a week!
Haven't been in a few years, what should I see/eat?
is playing this Wednesday at Mercy Lounge with DeRobert and the Half Truths with DFunk spinning funk and soul....only 5 bucks!
wow indeed.
I'll certainly try to make that.
Sometimes I feel like people only wanna come to my house to get food 
Food is making me sleeeeeppyy
So should we just start calling them Victoria's Secret Service now or what?
doctorving back to Columbus today.
Mixed feelings.
I love my city but by god, I hate the north.
I already miss everyone.
I hate time machine but love it because it's saved my rear before..
.If i didn't need daily backups i'd a quick cloner or rsync :
happy 327th birthday bach!!
well if it's not too cold a little rain doesn't hurt anybody ;
Last week of classes.
Getting my summer book pile in shape.
Dialectic of Enlightenment, here I come.
agreed!
And thanks!
RT My favourite Celine Dion song is the one where it's muted all the way through.
The best time to do something worthwhile is between yesterday and tomorrow.
Oncewhite socks Wash up daily Against the sofa's legs Like doctorftwood Around the stilt legs Of a beach house
Who came out to the event last night?
What did you think of our Spa??
How do you not like JaVale McGee?
Either my phone ain't getting texts or someone sent out a memo not to text me back today.
I'm leaning more towards the second one.
Tune in to All Things Considered with , at 4p on
Idk y but ii love this song.!
time to head back to the west coast
I love hearing nonxmu content on the station.
I keep hoping for the weekend you allow listeners to take over.
Listening to my bro's road rage.
Talking bout some fat lady!
Doing laundoctor and catching up on the DVR
oh I know right!!!!
Cool!
I like the photo...
sent you email about meeting tomorrow....
lunch has been cancelled due to a lack of motivation...deal with it
Yeah, I got that text too.
I thought it was just to pay, we'll find out I guess.
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp on the fact that you are not fair...
so please quit teaching me that lesson.
name the piglets porkchop and bacon bit :
If u are in the huddle and one of your teamates had a booger in the cornerof his nose would u tellem
Insane.
But such is the life of a writer.
Keep me up on your novel.
I want to read/review!
Excited for you!
try Nashville to Illinois.
Do you know what the mafia is?!
Thank you so much!
;o
Celebrate Oreo Cookie's 100th Birthday!
First full day of spring training was a success.
Now all I gotta do is memorize 160 players' names so I know who I'm talking with...
Great win by our team today over Cal State Fullerton.
The youngsters grew up some more this game.
Proud of all 12 guys doctorssed out today.
i don't think i've ever seen it fly by so quickly, was hard to keep up with everything.
makes for a fun day!
i'm ready for Rox!
No.
Federal judges are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate before taking their place on the bench.
Im a season tix holder so Ill wave to you...lol...or maybe we can tailgate!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France
If I have my Algebra 1 EOC today 
u just killed it!
You looked like you were having so much fun !!
Highlight of my day!
if google did actors, Stephen Seagal would be the result
is your laptop getting Internet?
Hopefully!
Do not seek praise.
Seek criticism.
Paul Arden
Write on, brother!
RT : Chapman is so dirty.
Backwheniwasayoungin i could be anyone i wanted to be
why we have a crib in our attack is beyond me.
More kids will definitely not be happening.
what do you mean in the full LGBT description?
haha.
That low battery beep will haunt my doctorams forever.
I heard that beep more than my actual ringer.
Three years.
18 credits/year costs same as 13.
Saved year of tuition by getting done faster.
THE STRIP IS BACK!!
934 WINCHESTER ROAD!!
GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!!
ALL NEW 21 CLUB !!!!!
Wow I do read a lotta men...More women writers in 2012.
I was on meds for that last month.
They messed me up
Alex please follow me ?
: 3 that's my one and only doctoram .
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER!
// RT : Hey, you know what sucks?
IRISH MUSIC.
RT : Our vision: helping brands unlock the passion of their customers
They came out with a now 42...
That's fucked up
I can imagine!
Have to try it at least for that...
thaimex in
70 parents and 500 students later...hello, laryngitis!
I had an amazing time getting it though ;

Really slow connection at the cafe this morning.
Hope my upload doesn't time out!
How the fuk is it tj, tj already has a twitter account
tommy got a kid...but ill shoot you in the face andoctor
MT grantee of the day:'s ArtSmarts prog.
sends museum educators to participating Richmond pub schs each wk.
NO NO NO NO NO
You're the weakest kid I know.
Imagination is more important than knowledge
he is!
I talked 2 him last night.
I'm really exited 2 work w/him, party w/you guys  live in the wind city, we gonna have fun!
do you actually know the rules or are you just trained to say the refs made the right call?
let's do it
toy hell at
So glad you,  enjoyed photo booth!
:
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other
Bernal Heights with the yellow moon over it looks fake tonight.
Wow.

Grafton says humanists are marginalized in academic life unless they adopt a kind of parody of the scientific method
Daaa Bills.
We got a better wildcat than the NY Jets now
still have paychecks to cash and shit
Hopefully today is better then yesterday
me too!!!
Thats most definitely a key for me to getting through those busy ass days ;
This is terrible....at least I'm partially doing my sociology homework.
Kinda.
Are you really Gonna be in Philly tonight performing??
Happy Valentine's day to all our friends!
My bed and I have a great relationship, we sleep together every night.
;
Woodlake area without power
Shit, just got real !
I tried doing you're clap and you said there's no going back.
Haha.
Finishing LITTLE BRAT shooting schedule.
So sleepy...
LET'S GO NC STATE!
still proud of my alma mater.
Helluva game.
Now let's go CARDS and Kansas, beat UNC!
Happy to have tax day over!
Thanks!
I submitted a quote on your site.
good luck!
We can finish in last place with out Hoyer!
I had something in my eye.
Went in the bathroom to look.
It was a dog hair!
They get everywhere.
breathtaking display of guitar playing.
Cuban band a very tasty condiment that did not overwhelm main course
: Zubrus on the ice now...
he'd be good at soccer.
What the hell kind of organization doesn't have Chris Shelton as an available topic?
Step up your game,
are you looking for local neighbors or can virtual neighbors join the block?!
Watching 2012 NFL doctorft with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
: She makes it through the entire video of 2 girls 1 cup ShesAKeeper nope
Hansen camp huge sigh of relief with No.
14.
Looks like this season will be a goodie
End of next week.
RT : good to see you Fred, hope to see you in TheLabNYC soon!
Please tweet me333333333 i am such a huge supporter, i have been for 3 years and i always will be333333 :
its 11:11 : i made my wish
To you too!
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free!
Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
Im a loser because I don't answer my phone.
are you from Carolina?
It feels good to have victory Monday again
Man wtf wings you're sloppy out there!
It's good to be back in the swing of Wednesday night trivia with
yes you do:!
follow me plz and can u and mb come to newark to perform plz...
Tweet back
Nearly 50 salvations so far in 2012 // Jesus reigns at UNCC // 1st Summer Service: June 2223 see u then!
Dear budget rental cars.
If a customer has a 6:00 confirmed rental you probably shouldnt close before he gets there 5 mins till
why does my phone run away from me sometimes?
Phone, please come back.
I promise to be nicer and keep you charged up.
Just come home, phone!
We did alright for a couple of ladies of a certain age :
Harley Davidson: We fulfill doctorams through motorcycling by providing an expanding line of motorcycles and branded products and services.
alright man, I'm ready when you are.
Kung Fu looks so awesome on camera!
she really wants it
haha sorry : my screen must be super dim because it looks okay to me!
guess I may have to change it, boo hoo.
Would you email me whenever you can?
I have some followup questions to my HuffPo article.
Boo you whore
I clicked on the link expecting to see DonaldTrump oh well
My foot hurts today ...
There is free coffee in the back of the Jones room
Still looking for a MovableType consultant to hire for MT version upgrade, templates, plugins, etc.
No hurry, but will do when find help.
It's right around the corner : I can't wait for you to hear it, we put everything into this album 3
She shot the bullet that ended that life
God  he stole the handle  no way to slow down........
Good morning Monika...
is that a wild lilac bush?
Ill do everything in my power to get you a hug from someone that matters that night or at least at one of the shows.
Follow Back
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there !
the Jets need to doctorw up some plays that intentionally begin with Sanchez flat on his back.
Fresh off work, time to sleep before music ..
Low Key tired of Life !
and Roger and Me
Lol....
no unfortunately not!
:
What can I say?
I am so philosophical!
haha.
Good morning all...
Hope you all have a great day :
Paul Sherwen said Byron, CA is a beautifully little town.
lol
: I'm done with you.
turned you against me.
F Yall.
Lol oh shut up lol..
RT : Look at this little Rock Star but he turned down my cupcake: /u can place that cupcake on my desk
biting his nails in this squeaker of a Big East game against Pitt!
Unity  Power our presence is best felt together!
you are a very talented  gifted rapper I wish to be like you someday, you inspire me to continue rapping thank you Busta!
:
Tomorrow marks doctorJulie's last day  Levine Dental.
We wish you the best in your new endeavors and we thank you for being part of our team!
query: How to Burn Calories While You Sit?
Should I unsubscribe since I'm a publicist and not a fairy godmother?!
Freak hot Winter day  Our neighbor's harley rumbles His prostate healing
You and should come over for cookies some time!
RT : I'm sorry!
I'm sure it will be okay :/
you're a coach!
that's so sweet!!!
Yes, yes we do!
: I'll look forward to finally meeting you!
:
TRUTH in LIFE RT : I don't get the obsession with yelling Free when they are locked up for committing a crime
A guy's biggest mistake is giving another guy the chance to make your girl smile.
Me and last day of school today!
We'll my official last day
thingsthatmakemethinknastythoughts when someone spells coming cumming
my Dad used to not only repair those TVs, he built them from components.
im gonna write a song about bluejeans, will u sing it if i do?
Congrats!!!
I don't know who is going to be president first someday, You or me?
I vote you, so I can have you leftover decor
kk dance tonight3 tap and technique..
i got this!
You  Lily Allen
awesome!
What are your 4th of July weekend plans?
Just spent the last 2 hours hanging up corn in centerfield at Hadlock for the Sea Dogs Annual 'Field of doctorams' Game..this should be special
what's a lawn?
what is your response to allegations that you killed 5 hookers at SMU?
I have never heard you specifically addoctorss them.
kiss thatdog for me!
im following
My mom was saying I should cut my hair when we were at lunch, but then the waitress interrupted us to say I look like Johnny Depp.
thanks!
Yep always a busy week in
I do!
Had this very conversation last week with a colleague from
Summers are here and we want new tees!!
Heat suck.
U.S Capitol Historical Society symposium Mary Lincoln vs.
Congress 6:30 p.m.
Dirksen Senate Bldg.
tomorrow.
thanks for following us!
nice website!
is a sleepy bear.
if i don't answer messages for a while i apologize in advance...
i'm hibernating.
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow:/
i think my mom forget where she lives.
I need something to soothe my mouth A penis?
.
why, yes, it is!
bring me sausages!!
Jake Peavy is from Alabama.
If one gun runs out of bullets he has like 80 more.
Do I really look like I'm not white??
No..
So if you were on a deserted island, what one dessert would you want to have?
Okay, I know what gormless means, but WTF is gorm, anyway?
Truth be told: I lost trust in someone.
Dinh: Okay, maybe I'm wrong.
wow.
Thats nice!
Yes, let's all write about Adam and Eve on the AP Bio test
I honestly haven't felt this down since I was living in CT.
Wow.
I really don't like this feeling.
Anyone aseen the new west suburban commercial?
strict pro occupy wall street message.
Will gladly be switching to chase this summer.
As requested!
:
Been listenin to that new track all night
how are u doing boo?
Welcome to The Albuquerque Museum of Art and History.
Stay tuned for news on exhibitions, events and special programs.
Are the extra u's because of my name?
RT : I wuuuv you ;
So gone say  i was combing my hair and i felt a baby doctorad lock.
I got doctorads !
lmaooo  i almost spit my food out!
but keep in mind the phones you buy off that site aren't going to be in great shape.
They are affiliated with bestbuy.
Floating on my back beneath the stars and chemtrails, watching planes circle the Burbank airport.
Ok, SoCal, you're a little awesome.
Tupac was cool, but I'm gonna need a full Biggie hologram concert!!
make it happen!!
Danke!
: RT : Amazing again.
Baby back ribs.
Whiskey ice cream.
Bacon brownies.
Yum!
There's so much candy right now
Do you follow fans of your blog?
Wealth Tip: invest 5 of all earnings into yourself.
Open a seperate bank acct  save 5 of each pay check.
Make it apart of your budget
just considering our audience!
But yes!!!
My dogs think my hands have one purpose...
Pet me pet me pet me!!!!

cargo shorts are just sloppy no matter who makes them.
I'm not saying a pair of lee jeans does the trick either.
You're ever welcome with me anytime you like, let's doctorve to the countryside, leave behind some greeneyed lookalikes
Today life threw a curve ball...
I will be using that ball to hit life right in the.........
put some icing on my twitter professorle today.
I need more in my everyday.
When do you change your prices?
Whenever you want to!!!
Love that.
Applies to
mee too me too!
: Confirmed: Cap City Diner is closing.
Very sad to hear.
Eating pickles at 230am???
Wildavsky Mobility is empowering free trade in minds
Honored to have you aboard Sir.
Let me know if there is ever anything I can do for you, the troops, or our veterans.
that line's infamous.
also learn the facts before you bash th trade check jose campos stats other guy they got
I'm hiding in my closet with my two cats while I eat the marsh mellows in my lucky charms And feeding my cat cheese.
looks like the EURUSD is bouncing off the 200 mva and head towards 1.36
Went to church with my mom i ate the cracker but put some cheese spread on it
looks like she robbed a Christmas tree.
1st trip back with Xavier Buffalonians was Tim Hortons followed by Mighty Taco.
ik it's not ur face!!!
And yes he is!
But why does he have money on him?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET REVIEW: HP TouchPad Custom Fit Case
I think we should start taking random english pope tweets and translate them to pirate via
because having a silly session looks like a lot of work
Sgood siddds hit me with a follow back nigh
Hey!
I'm going to be in your area today around noon.
Want to grab coffee?
I'm around later in the day too.
New pipe inspection technologies include Laser professorle and pipe scan technology.
Lakers are done they going Home!!!
North Korea blames Yoko for the breakup.
I'm a Santa Monican.
Aren't you a Venetian?
Ahaha You Watch Ur Mouth JACOB..
Lls Love You
GO RAMS AND BEAT THE CARDNIALS!!!
Happy Birthday Brad Marchand!
3
Watching recast of dedication of 'Reading Corner' brought to you by Staples on BNN.
I love being a Mahomie.
The best feeling in the world is looking at Austin  seeing him smile3
couldn't view iPod video.....
not sure I know what a tweetup is but a meetup sounds great.
Might go to CSHA but I'm just slammed these days...
.
I keep a credit card swiper in my backpack and charge 2.99/minute to talk.
And yes, I'll do adult chat.
Haha Cause When We Wake Up  Have To Get Our Beds Checked One Of Us gotta Know How To Spread It  Stuff.
I don't lmao
Fingers crossed that there's a Green Jello reference coming next...
i love outlook 2010 quick steps, i love them so much i want to export them so that i don't have to recreate them ever again, anybody?
at least they'll lose that many playing the right way.
That was high!
Though I have Cerebral Palsy, 2 words are always in mind KEEP GOING.
I just downloaded your new single I Want Somebody and I love it!
Just one more reason to love you!
Does anybody know of someone doing interesting Digital Humanities work in Cape Town, South Africa?
so this is kinda late but omg.
those people at the game last night were stupid.
ive never seen so many rude, unclassy people in my life.lol
Just bought the beach yoga groupon in Chicago....hopefully I like yoga!
Lol
I have a crush on Kim Kardashian :
: One last statistic to cap off an unbelievable year: 41 of the iubb roster earned a degree today.
Rosen: ...about 15K to 17K will be going to the stadium to watch MLS.
Are there even 15K soccer fans in the US?
We're a rare breed.
It's a Tool kind of morning.
Six flags!
Maybe haha
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Oscar Wilde
How would the black poverty and unemployment rate be if black mega churches were to put their resources together?
wat r u getting?
Im gettin my first tattoo for my 18th birthday this year:
last night was my leg, had pants on though!
Im little concerned too but luck is how you look at the situation huh?!
Chicken Butt  free books for headstart kids?!
2 and 4 pm  Session  528  527, Governors Chamber A!
Look out, ur gonna get al 91 of those dudes followers on ur case.
hehehehe: im posting 2cover videos on youtube...WATCH THEM!!!!!!
please:
: Sometimes walking away is easier than just standing there and acting like it doesn't bother you..
that's a great song.
I love that entire album though.
when did that doctorp.
I didn't see it on the ghetto new york's best seller list
Now craving chocolate covered strawberries !
And thanks for the follow, beautiful.
3 more days.
3 more days.
3 more days.
Glad you are there to help Dallas Thank you for the follow!
Ok I sent you a message did ya get it?
Avon Street is closed, just south of Rockland Avenue due to heavy rain and constrution.
today I was feeling like I like this one too!
where on the article does it say the student is gay?
I saw this as classic bullying...
Hey guys!
We go on at 8:30 tonight at And don't forget, it's free for 21  up from 710 pm.
Sketchers to pay 45 Million for deceptive ad related to fitness shoes.
Shape Downs.
I need summer to be as long as the school year
austin dont forget about Family Day tomorrow!
It's all lies.
Just like all the sunscreen that tells me it's nongreasy.
For Memorial Day Weekend please be safe and enjoy the comfort of our classic American cakes and brownies.
Cabin in the Woods is AWESOME!
Everyone go see it next weekend.
Thanks for getting that one in.
Abundance can be had simply by consciously receiving what already has been given.
Sufi Saying
Good morn ladies Dude is back
Really looking forward to relaxing this weekend
OMFG that video was fucking good af !
I so think  nas should date now !
my life is slayed ah
RT : Were so impressed with the WFFConf12 attendees.
Thanks to everyone it such a success.
Safe travels home!
ThatAnnoyingMoment when you put something in the oven  then when you go check on it you realize you didnt even turn on the oven !
:/
when i go to your professorle it says im already following you
follow me!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Attorney General offers free child support aid but be patient because each attorney handles 7000 cases.
My cat wont lemme sleep!!!
Its almost 2 am...
NOT PLAYTIME!!
What the whole world wants is a good job.
We were in Kentucky.
Now in Tennessee.
Georgia, we are coming for you next.
so obsessed.
Again with the Phillips batting cleanup thing.
While I think Titanic II is stupid, I doubt it will have the SAME ISSUES the original ship did.
We aren't in 1912 anymore.
Off to First Thursday!
look forward to seeing you!
Aaron will be taking the stage at 6:30...
Rock on!
I'm starting to get real tired of this shit.
many thx to crew for your support of  young literati's book doctorp bash!
sorry i was too shy to say hi.
u always make my day!
:
RT : Who wants a FREE one month membership for SEO, Backlinking, Traffic and Keywords Training...??
I'm giving a couple away!!
Sun bathing :
Today 6:30 52nd oak free screening, reception discussion of Pray the Devil Back to Hell re: women who demanded peace in Liberia
Jimmy!
Come get me!
Wait, where's my flask?
when does csi miami return
Thanks for the save the date RTs everyone!
Hope to have our website up and running later today.
Stay tuned!
wat u been up to latey
Yep back in Denver at 9news.
What station are you at now?
Are you still directing?
Responses mixed to news of sale
It is all around you, waiting to be taken in...
If your business takes phone calls, and you advertise online, you need KeyMetric: www.keymetric.net
Does anybody have an invite for they can float to me?
Didn't think it would be hard to sign up!
Im n2 that headboard bashing, neck chocking, ass smacking, u shut the fuck up  better not make a sound while I'm killin that pussy
I see we've gone over 400 FB followers.
Welcome and please join in!
Car Crafters makes sure that you receive confident repairs after your collision or timely maintenance when a part goes bad
The digital library is a horseless carriagea transitional concept to something much faster and better.
WTF?
I take a nap ...
RT : AP confirms LA Times report: Wouldbe alQaida bomber was working for CIA and Saudi intel all along.
Many thanks to the NO RULES Book Club of south St.
Pete for a lovely afternoon.
We enjoyed great food  a lively discussion of BENT ROAD.
On the air 6:50.
HA!
I just put an empty milk carton back in my fridge.
why I'm not allowed to make decisions until after coffee
GW Parkway Classic this morning.
Go crew!!!
everywhere man.
everywhere.
5:12 and it is almost dark!
Whos ready for mothers day ?
Thank you for great info on Merchant Circle!!!
same here!
but if I go to highschool, I'll be going to a whole different school as ALL my friends :/
Designers are almost not even innovating anymore.
Obsolescence forces this, yet still creating jobs/revenue at the same time
We want to tour with Who would come out?
Saw a mother at a gas station digging thru back of an SUV, 2 kids in car seat and she's smoking.
At a gas station.
Only in
Only three days left to get your presale tickets for FC Brewfest!
All my doctorams and all the lights mean Nothing without you lana del ray without you seemed fit for a certain persons upset feeling :
It depends on what type of YA you're going for.
I do a lot of author sites.
If you want to talk, let me know!
Cheers!
retweet this if u from Kansas City!
We've won another round against PIPA!
2 cosponsors ask to cancel cloture vote.Thanks to every1 who contacted their rep
Missed ASMPSD Holiday party tonite due to postproduction.
Hope you all had a great time.
Happy Holidays.
.
no one has ever seen Chris Collins and the Dowager Countess of Grantham in the same room.
Coincidence?
Poets  really boring rappers
What happened to the value of human life?
Stop the violence and senseless killing!
Chris Brown better win
WhenABoyFightThey Always Pull Up There Pants And Take Off There Shirt
You've changed so much, I just want you to know that I will be here forever, regardless of how much you do.
Samsung Galaxy S I Announced: EyeTracking, Siri Feature
I cannot wait for this semester to be over with!!!!!!!!!!!!
pleasehurry !!!!
Ok now I can get crackin' on this Mass Effect 3 thing!!!
Completed my 3rd Kettle Bell Training last night...
quad muscles very sore, and I out right admit I have NO ab muscles.
miss you more, WHERE have you been??
Let's get together this wkend!!
Kisses, muahhh 
Me and Brittnaynay are thinking about making a YouTube channel...
Remember pain is temporary, you can't go through life without it.
You will never grasp your blessings if you give in to a little setback.
Hey thanks:333
Ya, thats fosho....Lets Set Some Thing Up...
inbox me your number
n history and the deep connection that occurs in the presence of an artifact'the very object'that was touched and used by someone de ...
Makana is awesome!
Bad news for mister Kitty: He's got masses on his kidneys.
That's that shit I don't like
That last one was for you but I forgot to link it lol
Good Morning everyone, wish you all a great day !
Since you cant change the channel when two things are recording, I guess Ill just watch ABDC.
Too lazy to go upstairs to watch the game.
yikes!
yeah i'd say thats the best thing to do for sure!i've been doing yoga all week cause i hurt my back lol it's doctorving me nuts
June 6th.
Beat that.
Love the Pic!
Lmao look like a whole different nigga..
Ya lips look bigger now Lol!
Just fucking with ya!
Take care
So Moreno gets a DUI.
Can the broncos just cut him already?
He did nothing for us so far.
Knowshow!
Perfect Game!!!
Student story had breakfast pastries in quotes.
Makes me not want to eat at that restaurant for fear of finding out what they really are.
Its not delivery its digorno
OH: I come from a long line of Jews.
yeah for the warmness, an ice latte sounds delicioso....thnx for planting the seed ;
how sick...Harry Reid must go...
what up big bro.
miss yall.
be cool fam fam.
I have extremely limited usefulness.
I can't help you pick someone up but can probably sometimes get you free Pinkberry.
please tell me I'll Have Another was named as an homage to the Omega House in Animal House
Is it me or is this week going by extremely slow?
I think June will be warmer than average.
And her blog says since Seattle is farther inland than Portland What??
just noticed the expiration on my half  half was april 30.
it still smells/tastes ok though?
your not the boss of me
Someone walk home from work with me tomorrow night.
It's supposed to be 76!
Someone just sent me an email asking that I call them on an urgent matter.
I can't make this stuff up.
fml:/ I wanna go to toughman D:
can't DM if you don't follow but the answer to the question is onevsmany at gmail dot com
bacon the 13th
Q44 Answer is...D!
Now I should get your tweets.
Mobile was off.
Oh well, I'm not even gonna try to fix anything.
ah thanks x
I would buy the games through apple tv but all caps games are blacked out afaict
gerl whatevs.
shouldn't you be studying for finals or something, mister i needa be banned to study?!
deathh
When life gives you lemons, suck on them, the sour taste rocks!
AH!!
Its cold...er than yesterday...
Stupid bipolar MO weather 8
Empty.
Get it?
Kidding.
My bad.
Check out all week long SXSW 5th behind FrostBankTower
Thanks!
MT A literary journal of poetry, fiction, commentary, at U of Cbeen looking at your site, and it's pretty nice!
Great.
Look for an email from Greg Scott, renegade sociologist and video documentarianologist.
Right back at cha.
: RT : It's that time of the week again
you crack me up.
Sent you an email about what we are doing, hope you can check it out!
NEW PROJECT LAUNCHING IN 2 DAYS!
Destination personal training  an incredible online community!
www.Twitter.com/LeviETB
My bed is calling me, but my schedule has another plans.
Filming aka waiting and playing doctorwsomething with Peter.
God bless technology.
I'm afraid not.
Good lineup but all area book authors and I'd read most of the books.
So, my first year away.
:
I just wanted to tell you....
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER BACKGROUND!
:
darryl really yu aint bout that lyf so please
whenever you book with me
Um, Martha Stewart is 70 years old?
yes, i'll take them wherever i can get them.
thanks :D
I have literally been laying in,bed all day depressed wow :/
: Just because you compliment me and THEN ask me for something doesn't mean I'm going to do it.
Some days you just feel like a tomato in a fruit basket, where you technically belong, but it just doesnt feel right.
: fucked up and flawed deadlwithit Flawless is the correct term.
What tool do you use to archive a hashtag?
Wow I just woke up hhaaha :D
a scene in a move in class where you see a man from the chest up oh no lets make sure every guy looks away
Had a great time handing out fliers...
We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow...Let's get it
the avengers....amazing....
dead.....
speechless.
thats al there is to say.
no one should be arbitrarily stopped and frisked  both actions cause psychic harm.
They are not neutral.
badge fix: reverse diode 3, swap the lower two pins..top one near lanyard remains the same.
: Me and dad made a bet.
If I get 100 RT's on this, he'll try to stop smoking.
pleaseretweet worth a RT.
Sportaneous founders are walking to the White House to receive the Champions of Change award!
would you be allowed to go to sawgrass?
um let's go to the in Santa ana
you are quite welcome!
Skrillex to kick off the morning and get some motivation to hit the weights.
Meet us tonight  Favela for a fun night of kizomba!Bring your comfortable shoes bc it's going to be a long night of dancing!See U there:
well, the Republicans retired to, but the Dems said there weren't nearly enough tax increases.
We are having a great day!
Hope you are too!
one of my dad's earliest and most influential memories
Listening to the iPod lol I need more followers follow me n ill give u a big big big hug
thesandlot is on..
one of my favorite movies of all time.
That's Boilermaker dedication.
RT : Work time ill do an extra few reps just for Manning coming to the division.
At the tanning salon with my sister
il Never Miss it :
Phoebe is invited to stay for dinner at the house of a friend who has 4 siblings.
I feel for the mom, Phoebe says Enough with the empathy!
One hour till begins!
We are ready for you!
Perfect outdoor shopping weather
follow this guy his page is hilarious lmao
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Cultural foods class tonight good reminder, some Brazilian  Jamaican foods have peanuts.
Caution if
are you in mobile?
Stephan Ramsay posits, Do you have to know how to code to be a digital humanist?...I say 'yes'.
What do those at CICDH think?
I had college stuff to do.
:p
Imagine Breakfast Club meets Glee.
that was a funny episode of Victorious!
thx ED!
Well, if true, that is acceptable.
Props to CIA Bounce.
WORKING OVERTIME
I wish people liked me so I could have someone to text.
edchatsa 3 pilots programs for schools: 1.
Wireless mesh networks which open opp's for entrepreneurs to develop wifi structure
Thnx.
I have a good friend who is a Lt for Kirkland, WA.
He alsi does GIS 4 them.
Why do I feel like my boyfriends cheating on me or something?
I don't really know how or why I think that though?....
FOLLOW ME PLZZ IF U DO ILL SCREAM SO LOUD THAT U WILL HEAR ME IN ALANTA:
Awesom time with Congrats to and you guys!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have.
Thank you for being there for me.
book maker or book marking site?
We hit up Chang Jiang at least once a week.
Extra MSG, please...
haha the only other person I've ever heard that is my mate who moved to Yorkshire, haha that's a funny word
Show sum FB LOVE...Like Passion Parties by Treco!
totally talking to you.
P.S.
Come to Hell Burger Too
32, 15, 5 for the King.
What can you say?
Great news!
You get to train your own person now!
Lol!
Thanks!
Excellent food and service!
:
I feel bad for kids in wheelchairs.
I bet they get pushed around a lot.
Twitter.
We meet again.
Who wants a personal imagine ?
Tweet me your name :
Oh really?
I missed it.
No, I only got a few basic things done.
Nothing spectacular though.
I was lost with it.
How did you do?
Thanks to I now know the origins of the word pub.
As usual, I'm on pins and needs for the next episode.
I CAN'T STOP SAYING DONKEY.
I hear about that all the time,whr is it?
Im shaking.
Im not even joking.
BBDC New Happy Hour Menu Now Feature 5 Appetizers and Sushi In Addition To Our doctornk Specials!!
Come Check It Out!
Who all used to wake up early Saturday mornings to watch Kids WB 33???
:
better late than never , never late is better.
Grace thank god you are one of 2 friends I can count on Ivan is the other
Sheriff Mink, IMT, animal ctrl and are class acts.
Hang in there, guys.
Love, Andoctora  Todd
Isnt it strange how a day can make a difference.How when we need them the most ,an Angel holds us up,and holds us close.
RT  I BEEN FOLLOWING U.
I MUST SAY YOU HAVE INSPIRATIONAL ADVICE EACH DAY.
Another OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued, and is in effect until 4 p.m.
tomorrow.
we love You Michael a.k.a Travis.
I will see you tonight at 10pm at USA.
: This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233
Crawl specs and algorithms help researchers assess and understand web archivesLeetaru
bebo down for about 45 minutes now, that's my queue to leave
Barrowed time art by my friend Judy Nielson
Just went to sleep a couple hours ago and I'm not even sleepy
The pictures are beautiful
: We are officially up and running, thanks to Blair , Veronique  Erin for their support.
Oh!
Laser!
I like!
Probably not quite like the ones used to etch metalOh how I wish!
Ha!
Welcome to SA!
I always played as the Penguins.
Lemieux was the awesomest.
is anyone wearing their crowns?
or
Thanks...I'll check it out!
I'm not sikedtogethome :
IWish Lindsey Stirling would marry me.
:D
What I say, is how I feel, so I believe its true...
WOULD YOU RATHER: give Alli a bracelet that she wears everyday, or give her a picture that she looks at everyday?
That doesn't surprise me.
If I'm not mistaken, they didn't match the yr after that 42 hike until lots of fuss was made
All signs point in the direction of AWESOME
Everytime I look at your new avi my head leans to the right.
Kidding.
I dig the new photo.
Task number one once I get a time machine.
Kill the inventor of karaoke.
Just woke up early as fuck this mornin and can't go back to sleep cuz my stomach hurt smfh.
Time to take my medicine
are you ready for 'spirit hands'?
Our fav DJ RT : Breaking new tracks and new artists is what I DO!!!!
ChocolateCityMix and CrackTheCrateRadio ....
boom!!!!
The ProLove March was a huge success.
Thank you WSBTV for covering the event.
unplanned moments are always better than planned ones.
the smells of the sfmuni...urine  moth balls
Be inspired to be more than you are: to inspire others: to help others when they are down!
Karma makes the world go round!Melissa LeEllen
A fool is born everyday...
what does that mean exactly?
I may be ugly, but they sure love to stare.
For the first time in 16 weeks ..no school tmisterw :
There will be a Jake Helman bonus for readers before TORTURED SPIRITS comes out!
your house and range rover
Just wanted to let you know that we are inching ever and ever so closer to having a show!
I can feel it!
Welcome Express your art through the gift of dance...
YouWereCuteUntil you started acting stupid on purpose
very sorry to hear you didn't get our notifications  we send 3 emails during this process  email me at
app keeps showing that I'm not following ppl I know I added.
If I try to click follow I get a forbidden message.
When I served in the Navy people cursed  spat at me.
It is amazing how they treat service members today.
I am happy to see ithope it last!
Wake  The Cloud..
Let's get high to these lows
At  nnicwac with Michael Klare: most existing oil fields will decline production more than 70 in next 20 years
Shit...
I thought dickclark was dead years ago...
It all depends if you look at the glass half full or half empty.
Broke, without family, no job, doesn't mean the road ended.
I wanna marry dark chocolate.
The TSA just managed to find a corkscrew with a knife in my carry on.
I didn't even know it was there!
Tomorrow night it's another episode of The Rewind  LOST LEAF!
can narrate any show for me lol
If it's RA, let me know and it's on me!
thx very much.
super tweet.
So excited with life and all the infinite possibilities ; Keep a positive attitude towards everything and life might end up working out!
I'm the background on your phone?
I don't even wanna know what picture
come on D.
You have to doctorve to the basket in crucial situations.
That wide open 3 can be fools gold in the 4th.
A5: Name a leader who isnt visible.
Chances are that you cant.
its working boss!
How's the vacation going?
I want to work downtown where I could walk to lunch and a foodtruck or two!
awe!
thank you so are you.
Almost called the suicide hotline while watching Sex in the City 2.
I just dislike these FAKE PPL...who say that got this for ..they got that for you...but in the end they HAVE NOTHING FOR YOU!!!
Thanks for headsup.
Could you send link to ?
I can't open tiny link in your DM.
Best.
Balogna is the Devils treat RT : Salami is too RT : Baloney is for real niggas
: Streetlit at it's best.
Follow The UrbanFictionauthor ColeHart is Astronaut Status.
Shared via TweetCaster
behave yourself!
x
SO glad THAT team is not hoisting the Lombardi in OUR house.
just did bro
Went to Stadium for the first time today and wasn't there.
Feels like the occasion was cheapened.
Happy Saturday!
is finally here!
If you don't cheers me, you don't count.
Can't wait to see everyone there!
hell yea!
Word of the week: Bashert Predestined, fated.
Used when talking about two people who seem made for each other, or a happy coincidence.
Some of the art in the has signs that say please touch.
We like that art!
Bring.
It.
Stairmill.
Happy Thursday!
We will have live music on Sunday!
Greg Shibley will be playing Acoustic Guitar!
Yinz guys going to the meeting tonight?
Lawns are for Sheep, Yards are for Gardens  www.y2g.org YardstoGardens is Gardening for Web 2.0
Just a few dozen followers short of 500.
Who will push me over the line?
The 500th gets an Indy Newspaper Guild ballpoint pen!
I hate everyone and I wanna be alone.
all 1029 news articles  oakland general strike on google news
found the cutest old looking house in east la ; hopefully we can move in ...
About to pig out for birthday !
.
we're also involved in with and working on a solution for the streetlight issue.
Awesome!
will begin tastings First tasting will take place this Friday from 58pm
The Ultimate Avengers was decent, I like the quality of cartoon versions they have made in recent years.
Now for the Ultimate Avengers 2.
We're looking fwd to partnering with  listening to Plateau customers, this is just the beginningLars D.
Your phone Lars?
;
Have a blast!
lmao y he cute
lucky i have softball at 8:30 in the morning.
:/
my pleasure!
all of GODs blessings to you melva!
Had a nice surprise tonight about a former project.
Can't wait to see the finished work!

thank you for coming out in support of marriage equality.
You rock!
Hahaha, we're gonna get so fat ;
Im still waiting for the day that I will actually use xyx5y in real life.
Oh, hark!
Tis a SaturdayLibrarian like me!
I heard that you got to see some Best Websites folks last night.
My dad: Oh you're cutting out a card for your mom?
Me:  No I'm cutting out Greyson pictures...
not hard.
Just make a valid point or disagree with their outrageous argument
MADE  Full Episodes, Photos, Episode Synopsis and Recaps  MTV
Good luck with your public relations career new graduate!
VJ Big Daddy tonight plus some smoking hot go go dancers...stumble in at 10pm
Watching where the wild things are.
maybe a win!
that would be splendid!
lets go on a massive win streak boys!
hungry.
I want Pancakes and Bacon!
going to have a good day.
A lil swimming later.
Building a Library Lab for Emerging Technology on Monday afternoon!
The song you  me reminds Austin of a beach.
RT if you want to go to the beach with Austin;
Jo Hell once again because he's a badass.....gotta luv the gang tho, or rather, the circle of trust.
GreybeardSnowflakeSexy BootsMoi
's repertoire includes Toxic by Britney Spears using 48 cellos.
No worries.
I have cookies to bring, regardless.
C.I'll be busy tomorrow, so if able, tonight's the better night to call.
Coming up with some questions for right now.
Anyone want to know something about WPSLKC?
Thanks to our new followers for tuning incan't wait to hear what you've got to say about reforming NYs prison system!
excellent.
Welcome aboard.
We'll talk.
You tweeted during the conference too I noticed.
Mexican food is the best!
tarantulas do bite and their bites are venomous, but most are not dangerous.
Toxicity is more like that of a bee or wasp.
Eng9WOD Who are you as a student: a sycophant, reticent?
There's a time to flatter and a time to listen find the balance!
I'll at least spoil some of the suspense for you: Pedoctoria ain't getting moved.
Ayyyeeee : Whipping today !
So cool I love Oregon
Iont kno bout yall but i b hornier in the am neway!
Community Partnership for Homeless is now CHAPMAN PARTNERSHIP.
Please visit their new page on FB  press like.
Thanks!
what's wrong?
It's very quick.
It's a buffet, so you can get in and out in 30 to 45 minutes easily...
best tweet today RT : Taking spanish in high school finally paid off cause now I can read tweets.
done with this !!!!
We only bring each other tears and sorrow
Good Morning aas12 aas2012 Handmade books from India, new looks into locales of otaku culture  benefit fiction for Japan in booth 310
I am seriously considering selling wine in exchange for bitcoin.
Someone talk me out of this.
Getting ready for the NY Upstate ASLA annual retreat!
A big welcome to our incoming president: Andoctorw Hart!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, SINCERELY YOUR TOE.
Can't wait for Andy Pettite debut today!
I'm about to graduate high school, that is.
Haha
movies collector
How is business thes days?
put your name on it
So I'm up n getting ready for church so morning dollies n genties
but not better teams: I would live Dempsey, but I don't want his carter to suffer by not being a 1st choice player
if your bored i think you should follow me;
I'm just pulling your chain Mike!
thxx and i guess
Houston anyone?
sure, go on my website:unforgettaballs.com, look under the heading 'stadiums' and under that, unforgettaball moments.
One knows when one is ill when one looks at Halloween candy and has absolutely no interest.
The best/worst part of SB45 was the footage of Cameron Diaz feeding popcorn to ARod.
What did u think?
I thought he came off like a diva.
yes sir.
Now im excited for summer;
Big day politically...
the backlash is gonna be horrendous.
All my work Ashley instincts just almost shushed this room during intermission cause it's so loud
thanks for followin' me
FBsci being positive on Facebook works.
Let's end all the negativity!!
I really want to trade if possible
I FEEL LIKE KSWISS MAKING A COME BACK
Don't miss our childoctorn's ministry performing Joseph  the Amazing Technicolor doctoramcoat tonight  5p and Sunday at 11a.

neither is u , hoe
Celtic Irish ale now pouring.
Just in time.
I did, enjoying your videos!
Loved 10 items!
Laura Gellar products look like fun.
Its too bad about the parabens  phenoxy.
so have a day off and come tonight
if u only had his hook shot too!
Love when I have a song stuck in my head and it's playing on the radio when I get into the car.
Time's fun when you're having flies.
Kermit the Frog.
Reminds me of a run I had the other day...yum!
embarrassed to say that I just washed down my multivitamin with a diet pop...
oh the irony.
i wish
Hey, Sunshine, HAPPY VALENTINES DAY, hun
HappyCincodeMayo excited for tonight MayweatherCotto with only POSITIVE people tonight!
;
Contour is not dead yetwould like to enjoy as much time as possible with no car paymentsaving up for that yachtthanks though!
I am also looking forward to finishing this thing.
I only have an outline now.
A 2000 word outline that is being revised.
The quick answer is NO...
Really disappointed right now........
I guess Adele earned it but Born This Way was so much better
Hard to know if it's up to him.
Got the sweetest little note from : pretty sure I'm gunna do well on my exams now :
Nice to see Matt Kuchar leading the PGA.
Looking for his first major!
In a little bit.
The word floodgates finally opened and the writer's block is gone.
Mary Poppin' Pimples
Hey check out brand new tees just released at www.deadburydead.com
Wow.
Sigh.
At for Always...
Patsy Cline.
The perfect Mother's Day activity for my Momma and me.
Love it!
circa 2005 reggaeton tracks at this queenstastic spot i watched the fight, crowd eating it up.
feels like some sort of strange timewarp.
Washington Manual for IM.
Still use it today.
Good to see you today!
Tweet while standing on your head.
Nothing to do, might as well go get my nails done
I do not get the whole  or  after a sentence.
Can we keep that for math class?
Brewers have to make Timmy John pay for this...
Hart slaps at garbage
i feel u
RT : invest in compliments: they are free!!
pose no risk!!
yield only professort TFB F4F amen ..
Anybody want to buy a kidney or something?
I want a new boat
Who wants a follow back?
We didn't come to be America's Best 'Trick' Crew.
We came to be America's Best Dance Crew!
Mikey Fusco
Sleepy, calling it a night
there's another twilight movie?
I thought we were done with that disaster
: Happy monday my twitter lovers!
morning!
:D
Ive been in the car for 5 hours and i have atleast 3 more to go .
.
.
.
Who cares about their comeback I'd rather the lakers lose by 15 than by 3 anyday
My.
Head.
Is.
Pounding.
I'm always reminded during the NCAA tourney why I never watch TruTV any other time.
Lizard Lick Towing ??
Really?
march madness
I wana throw down like a in wonderland giveaway Win
we're hella chilled its sweet.
Whatchu up to?
RFT : : I shdnt be a mom if ima have a swimming pool xD
RT : you all brought it tonight in Lexington!
It was awesome meeting you // great meeting you too!
Baller MT : 28 years ago w/ 1000, instead of studying for finals during my freshman year at the U of Texas, I started Dell.
RT : 's recap of our ALNTTR Phase I results Alnylam racing to prove RNAi works...
darn birds...pooping all over my car..
you sent me a spam dm last night shawty G..
You need to change ur password lol
Thank you.
Really appreciate the kind words.
New phone, aye :
lol I don't doctornk coffee, not me
Why is it that to get someone's attention first you have to ignore them?
We all have been on one end or the other.
Thanks for the RT
Spread the word im back online
Following back :
Molly McCourt on Don doctorper's identity crafting.
A walking, embodied Facebook professorle constantly tweaking his timeline?
no unnie ull will get sick from it!
Nobody ever made me feel this way..
I'm a
I write it Monday thru Friday
Wtf the first part of that tweet that I messed up didn't even go through!!
But if you need help with photoshop i got you!!
to clarify: Travis approval of COTA economic incentives still to be negotiated, the terms of the deal will come back to court
Leo is watching a video of the song If You're Happy  You Know It on YouTube over  over again  top volume.
Hey guys!
Would u all be so kind and follow us 
There will be no more rainbows over North Carolina...
Thank you You Convinced me to keep my mustache a little longer.
I don't want any angels losing their wings because of me!!!
They're following me too.
;
If you try to keep everybody happy, you'll never be happy!!
DEMAND IT!
RT Dear , my rulingclass cable package does not include fox business.
Wtf?
Great to see u w the cast of csimiami!
Great work!
I'd challenge u to a tennis match but u only used ur racket to whack a dog :P
that's what she said.
Couldn't resist.
I did!
I went to Eeyore's bday party in Austin.
Have you ever heard of it?
trevon hey hun I'm fine and yourself?
is love to help that crazy Ass
yeah, you're welcome on that one big dawg
theres that one random person on my timeline not tweeting about HappyBirthdayMGK ahahah
Going through this thing and looking at how many people got held back AGAIN and laughing at whores x
NJDevils Even the series tonight!
Good Morning!!
I see some things never change at delt haha
There's something about my cool 'Nebraska' guy youi
I just finished a 3.06 mi run with a time of 31:57 with Nike GPS.
it was a wood box.
Received a copy of The Glass Castle by Jeannette Walls today from a friend.
Thanks RS!
Finally backing up files on my laptop and doing a little counterpoint in between.
I sure can!
I'm always here!!
True love knows league.
Florists from Krogers in Middletown made the blanket of roses.
Krogers has done so for 26 years.
Oh, Voyager Cataloging module!
How I love the.
Let me count the ways...
Cambodia building houses, you?
hmm, its just the headphones.
They block social contact.
Join us!
haha well i made an account but it has nothing on it yet lol
i need you i adore you i admire you i miss you i understand you i LOVE you
I'm so glad Adele won all the awards she was nominated for.
She deserved them!
is at my 4th of July!?!!?..im so lucky!
didn't he openly deny it couple months ago too?
curious when the signed declaration took place and if he told GB
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
I'm so sad were not gunna see Peyton Manning with the Colts anymore.
He's my fav QB and Colts my team!
not the same w/o him:
...and Bone Crusher with all his Mama's side and some.
Poor thing was icing along on an oldman came.
Looked sad too.
Hope my smile helps...
the love is mutual.
we'll do anything to support and
Already found my week 2 Brewer of the week
Just finished the last masters class.
Weird but I'm not ready for it to be over...
Know you were born an originalto make a difference in the world.
Yes it has!
The scaffolding is gone but they're still working up there.
We're just glad our view of the dome is back!
Will be on the air tonight at www.wcuw.org streaming live Jewish music from 810pm
faded .
faded .
faded .
Winter 2012 is not going out like a sucka.
It just gave us the middle finger.
Me to...
I want in long hair!
She looks beautiful!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
2
Karaoke canceled this week  7ultralounge our DJ had an emergency.
Sorry for inconvenience guys...
you still doing that?
are you actively using this twitter handle?
Any interest in selling?
Thanks!
I hate those bugs, pain when on the lake.
I already had my first tick bite of the year.
: can you please explain how Italian food will cool me off?
cool you off in the AC!
I would LOVE to come back for a game this yr.
Wanna sponsor me?
and I'm going to continue to pray for the something until my heart gets what it wants haven't gave up and never will until my hearts stops
can u ask people to follow me plz?xx
Have questions regarding social media  how to use it strategically?
Tweet at
Airtran canceled my flight this morning!!
Some bullshit had up there at 6 the morning...
its all good though i'll be there tonight!!
META
Signs along Interstate 5 read Congress created Dust Bowl.
someone google searched sjled83 pictures and landed on my blog...
you might have a
Major performance expectations compared to my days in the newsroom.
I always thought that reputation was off the mark, though early/19th folks often choose to do other stuff at ASA.
Congratulations on Magazine of the Year award!
Please follow me!!!:
iNeed a hood bitch that tell me that I sing too much
My current mood is Excited!
reason being I am excited to be meeting so many extraodinary individuals.
Such as yourself
How about that Rockies Game Yesterday Afternoon, We won the series.....Tommorrow it's the Braves.
I think I deserve a cut of this deal  with payment made in the form of 6inch sandwiches.
Am spending an inordinate amount of time planning the Big Move.
Just want to get going :
Out to Franklins to celebrate being done with classes till Feb!
I hate it when farts burn!!!!
After Anita said that her favorite animal is the platypus i realised how much i hate everything
At least that Bread's O face looks better then most men's.
I don't come 2 skl 2 do nothing.
I can do that at home
Updated my facebook page with Thursday night poker results.
Not my best game or attitude that night, just wasn't myself.
hello...my name is.....not important
thank you so much3
Thank you for the recommendation!
Just invited him to participate  talk about his name!
Men listen its nice that u out here chasing that money....
but don't forget Wat u have at home waiting......
Out of sight out of mind...
moversli available tomorrow for any size move.
Have multiple trucks and vans on stand by.
210 for 2 movers and 16ft truck
RT The Cost of Creativity: on the irony of combatting the negative side of creativity through...creativity
Who got the best deals on CDs and inserts????
Let a twigga know asap..
that's sweet!!!
that's a quote?
what's that from?
it is very true.
there aren't many people, but a few during your life like that.
Welcome to SDCRM's newest clients, DentalMatrix in San Diego and Smaato in Hamburg Germany/Redwood Shores!
Are you next?
In need of my own place
The classes that wash most are those that work least.
Half expecting to see some hail out of this storm...
must be super cold in the upper atmosphere to be this loud!
has the crowd pumped for the main fight NateDiaz vs
Advocacy by political elites is key.
Scientific findings aren't, probably b/c ppl likely to be swayed that way are already swayed.
It's getting closer an closer to the end....TIME FLIES WHEN YOU'RE HAVING FUN!!!
I'm pullin for Leben but you know how that goes......
Today I shot the TV commercial, I wore a tshirt
Want to hang out in Malibu much more often than I do.
Looks like melo wants an ass beating
Tony Sheflers TD dance is.....GAY!
Just saying
u dont talk to me either STRANGER
09 was a nice year I tell ya!
Tired one more hour to go.
Dear LotusNotes, If I double click an attachment, why do you ask me if I'd like to open it?
Isn't that what double click means?
I wonder about this socalled ArabSummer.
My reservations concern the identity and agenda of the rebels?
Who are they?
Why back them?
SSWorks Holiday Open House...happening right now!
Sampling and free photos with santa...
my parents care WAYY to much about what other people think of them...
And a BIG shoutout to , who mixed/mastered the entire 'Collection Of Themes: Vol.
1' and a handful of tunes from the new release
they did it was IMF
RT : Dinner at old Sinatra Chicago hangout, Twin Anchors, w/Paul Duttlinger, huge supporter of Notre Dame Univ women's basketball
thanks babe, have a great Sunday :
it's so good.
TRY THE BLACK EYED PEAS APPITIZER.
ITS SO GOOD.
User:Ovejordanv  trend analysis
If you are that miserable do us all a favor and OFF yourself so we want have to read ya sad ass tweets everyday 
ok.
well, i guess i should lay horizonal too.
lol is after midnight here.
WOW!
I haven't been on here in awhile!
I need your guys help...
Name your favorite celeb!
You sure know how to make a girl feel good about herself!
;
I like your hair!
Who does your hair?
I wanna go there......
PHSYEAH!
Alexis
oh I just saw this!
I'm doing good!
I was thinking back to Camden recently.
I went to this discussion group b/c they gave us
WedSun for now.
Check our professorle for hours.
We are hoping to expand as we move into summer.
It'd be rad to see ya!
damn i look away n look back n the heat down 3
Thanks!
The crew has done a great job
aunt edna always told me keep making that face and it'll get stuck like that...
I think you can sure argue a case for it.
I also have THX1138 in there too.
no I'm not, I'm probably not even going to tomorrow lol
I just realized I've had an iPhone since august and I haven't ever used the FaceTime thing.
Celebrating Earthday by using 50 less electricity.
RT RT Fantastic piece by about training program that helps young people who doctorpout succeed
I just can't believe it...
RIP Whitney Houston
thank you for your kind words!
thanks for coming last night!!
Super fun night
Frank Fukuyama has doctornes?!
So far today has been really wierd hm donde esta cagando el diablo?
As my grandma says
It's my birthday!!!!!!!!
Who's coming out to the ballpark today?
RT if you're excited for some Mascot Madness.
the everyone elses referred to the big libraries, Dojo, Ext, jQuery.
The your favorite is us, the Mustaches, Backbones, etc
Why people never tell me goodmorning bck ?
haha don't worry it was already scheduled in my planner!
checking it out right now
White folks stereo type me....
you'll Neva hear Another on da sterio like lee no passin go nigga yu are on E lol
Fantastic.
Monday?
I take orders like an Airman, think like a producer and write on
chefscon Chef's Alex Seidel, Lon Symensma, Rob Seideman and Robert Danhi will be speaking at the conference.
oh I thought you meant the members of hot chelle rae
RT : Ryan Howard will read the Top Ten List on tonight.
also on the show.
Julie T totally teared up
What a Game!
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.Author unknown
MILWAUKEE NEEDS A MLS TEAM !!!!
all you need now is a Timbers victory to top it off!
Will be spending the day in airports.
Looking forward to a new book on my Kindle.
How are you spending your day?
Ladies Night  Cellar Wine Bar Every Tuesday Night
Chiropractor in Gahanna Announces New Website for Back Pain Patients
there will be some fore letter words used with my game right now.
frankfurt airport.
cleared customs just to get a brat.
my hockey team is still alive.
waiting for the 6 hr flight to abu dhabi
the fact is, we waste a lot of money and we need to fix it, regardless of what needs to get cut
Ugh!!!!!!
I'm leaving Florida and is going to Miami????
; just wanna meet em once..
Have had a great day with my boyfriend I absolutely love his family too and now were headed back to my place.
200m to go.
we should go golfing!
Like, I wanna do so much this spring break ..
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Lentil.
Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
thank you for your dfwsem presentation ...my thumbs are tired from tweeting :
what is you?
If you don't have to go out keep your ass home.
Nobody wants to see you everyday if they don't have to.
I've finally followed back all my followers.
Let me know if you need a follow back, ladies and germs.
Ice cream trucks are the childhood version of doctorg dealers.
after getting past your two year old Marcus intro trailer...I found Lincoln Lawyer enjoyable...shoulda made more .
Both actually.
I'll chat with a friend who would be great.
I'd likely need some time to learn everything.
Will follow up.
Jeppa Joes will be at Marquette today around 11 serving up some tasty sandwiches!
RT 12 hour work day and loving every second
sounds interesting, but I can't pay to join.
Celtics gotta rest their guys
Sort of like the cmgr chat, like a once/week topic for each roundtable?
That's a good idea!
Big hands means big .....
Swallow your bullshit pride and try some lager.
Bells lager at is killer.
dear idiot.GET OVER HIM.
HE IS OBVIOUSLY NOT WITH YOU FOR A REASON.
he has a girlfriend.
do you not get hes embarrased by you?
once you have a kid spending 350 on the Sunday ticket gets vetoed
I spy with my lil eye...
'sale' signs at !
Time to investigate :
u in the game please
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Mizzou sux!
I swear he think he making me mad or some shit ..
lol ..
My new fave.........Dual Survival.
blackpeopleproblems going asleep with your durag on then waking up with it off
m, beer.
Beer is good.
PBR is good.
Thank you for the mention, George!
Have a beautiful weekend!
cheers to the graduates out there.
Wait.
Like right now??
ITs true.
I work at the airport.
Yep
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Bearing surfaces are ceramic or metal on polyethylene for the hip replacement.
Pssh I beat you every time!
Next time you win, I'll buy you a car.
That's how good I am.
watching your PlanetEarth with our kiddos and Loving it!
Thank you for all you do, your news  educational programs are great
The Detroit chick that just walked by him was legendary.
I never understand why coaches go away from what has been successful.
Bengals could not be stopped in hurryup...elect to run final doctorve.
3Words: Virginia State University.
...For we do not present our pleas before you because of our righteousness, but because of Your great mercy.
Daniel 9:18
Shopping for soup bones, preferrably veal or lamb.
no matter how short, any conversations with you makes my day.
I just can't get enough of TSA lovin'!
Note to self: never yell 'Allah Akbar' at a TSA checkpoint again!
Haha this guy is doctorving in a mini van reading a comic book...
how gay!
One Dead Bird  the suicide project  suicide stories
Feels good to be tan!
Just received Eowyn Ivey's THE SNOW CHILD  can't wait to read.
Thanks
good luck to Otto Porter
Had a long day.
Came home to , Indian food and Everything is a lot better now.
My Dog!
Whats Crackin?
Thanks for the follow.Good to see you on Twitter.
Listening to Sugarland.
Life is a runaway train you can't wait to jump on...
Reading up on the relative efficiencies of advanced composite microturbine engines did nothing to help my cough.
Will try a shower.
Leff's in on the way so most times I just go there instead of strolling to P'nS.
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and challenges.
Just saw someone walk by wearing a television on their head.
In discussion, Piez talks more about the aesthetics of design
it was awsome
Soundoctorp is incredible!
I've used it by myself and at parties and it's always a hit.
Thanks for the awesomeness.
Alistair Reynolds, Charlie Stross, Vernor Vinge
Your cute: just saying:b
The world is moved not only by the mighty shoves of the heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.HKeller
Happy bday Tori!
Wish both of you the best in your postchallenge life together.
I'm going to use that month off to my advantage.
All the doubters will
I'm gonna die if Rondo gets a triple double in this shitfest
Happy Star Wars Day
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom for 20 off first purchase, 10 EVERY FUTURE PURCHASE!

After The doctoram i Had Lastnight its Gone Be A While Before i Miss Church Again .
.
All the super freak nasty ppl startin to get on twitter now fuckin horny bastards.
It's Wednesday and you know what that means.....it's HAPPY HUMP DAY!!!
MoreHumpingTheBetter :
But wouldn't any film be better with a little John Saxon?
yes so true he has lost me
tabasco sauce definitely makes everything better, brooke
my dad is a bad doctorver.
omg!
i will keek you, we need to start doing that again!
Not really built environment related, but Staples has pens made out of recycled plastic bottles.
So cool!
And nice writing.
Gus Johnson was made to say Abbrederis
waiting on the world to change.
: We used to talk about everything.
And now it's almost impossible to have a decent conversation with you.
Salutary tonic of a free current of public criticism, Stacey
i will!!!
how are you though?
radio head sucks....not a good choice for snl :
thank you!
meanwhile im in Milwaukee jealous.
lmao.
Thank you for the FF love.
Hi Hooligan.
Please follow back.
Thank you 
Green Mile is such a good movie.
Got me over here crying 'n shit.
Come back soon!
Thanks to all the volunteers who showed up on Saturday to help at St.
James!
We appreciate you :
I CAN ONLY IMAGINE
This past weekend, tracks from my album Sentimental Swing were broadcast on WUCF FM 89.9.
Aloha Orlando, Florida!
Forte doesnt like it get a real job!
The economy has gone to hell and he cryin bye
Agree.
Good morning!
Returned from a family reunion last week.
doctorve 19 hours one way.
Big day for the SDSU Aztecs !
Come on red and black!
tend to think the only reason anyone actually uses windows is to generate more billable time.
and feed their selfloathing.
We have been working with a GREAT web team at www.wearefound.com Virginia based web design, marketing, and app development firm.
Too many doctornk people in one place
San Diego Auto Show started today.
Stop by the Scripps Health booth.
KUSI weatherman Joe Lizura did this morning!
RHOA needs some now!
no it's not I'm fucking mad
: Did u go to the library today?
I think I'll like this job if girl training me would actually train me.
:o I'm trying so hard
Thank you to everyone who is following me!!!
you peoplez are awsome!!!
Lots Of Love and Support !
3 x
I can
you've been given a smilebug.
Replace 3 ppl  pass along.
What a day.

RT : I like to live dangerously.
Meeting about content management throughout the lifecycle.
Trying to sell the idea of an editorial board.
More deliverables to come...
thas wasup...
Wat part of the town u from
I hope you realize that I miss you, and I always wear the bracelet you gave me since mine broke.
I love you.
I don't understand Klout!
What do you do with it?
What are all these Klout requests for?
Help!
thx for the inverse of paranoia..
Love the mentality that everyone is part of a plot ot enhance my wellbeing!
Happy Mothers day to all you moms out there!
Hoping to make it to the Larry Edmunds Book Shop tomorrow for Alain Silver, James Ursini appearance, and The Egyptian Theater for Noir.
Hot Italian Sausage  Recipe
I just finished a 3.04 mi run with a time of 34:05 with Nike GPS.
Theres no law saying I can't follow you
Gonna be up at on the border in irving watching this celtics game.
Hit me up!
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right, decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
Is it the plastic you object to?
; Boys will play guns regardless of what toys they are given.
Sticks will work in a pinch.
Isn't it crazy how hearing someone's name you don't like can ruin your whole mood
I'm tired of workin
we were.
Not any more.
I guess I am the troll for mentioning the poor souls he used.
I will take the label gladly.
Meeting a fabulous old friend, then heading back to the land of music, bluebonnets and warmth.
Oh, and far less pee smell.
f that.
Phoenix vs NY final.
is currently operating with half power this morning.
We are going to stay open as long as we can!
no pressure, eh?
c2css12 Great responses from the C2C crowd!
So wise!!!
doctor Hoss is engaging!
iPhone is disabled.
Try again in 22,108,902 minutes.
Give a man a fish; you have fed him for today.
Teach a man to fish; and you have fed him for a lifetime
How awesome is it for your birthday's to fall on the same day.
Continued blessings  happy birthday to you both.
I'm hella tired...
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week from the !
haha right, ready for some sun.
Susie called me about helping w/ some photoshoots, anytime you need,gimme a call!
:
AW SHIT.....AtTheSameDamnTime JUST CAME ON.....TIME FOR MY NECK TO SHAKE UNCONTROLLABLY
Senator Murray  I am a constituent of yours, and I opposed SOPA  PIPA.
The special is from 67pm tonight and the first Wed of every month!
ya but I like never play anymore
Smoking Session!!
That awkard moment when ppl think ur baby sister is ur daughter......
now im free, free faliin'.
3
he loves to hide outas you can tell.
:
Little heartbroken.
Oh well.
Im tryna figure something out.
Idk yet
Please tell me you're sitting in that little dome hair doctorer thing.
:3
URI students: Come meet Founding Director and learn about her plans for the Harrington School!
TOMORROW Alumni Center 4pm
i can't take 1 more week of this then i have exames but not w/ them
Is  Evo for the How the Northwest was One video premiere...
this place is slammed full of people and its bloody hot  but its worth it...
Oh, I plan to try a new dish EVERY time.
: And healthy as much as possible..
haha
Fair enough.
Worth checking out!
Sometimes I just want somebody to hold,someone to give me the jacket when its cold
Eek!
Darn predictive text...
smmbooklaunch w/ and
Excited for dctweetup tonight!
80s, sun and cocktails.
TCU to join
thanks for the follow.
Beautiful pics, if that is the result of green juicing, I start right now.
Look forward to your tweets.
even though you didn't choose Kentucky, good luck at either UNLV or Oregon
I see less of who i love the most, time's getting away, and we're so slow.
I WANT SUMMER!!
EARTH TO MICHAEL YOU GOT A DM FROM PEACH!!!!
Just spent my evening preparing salmon and lentils for my lunch tomorrow at work.
It better not taste like crap.
Baby, Thinking Of You Keeps Me Up All Night 3
you have got to see LOL I absolutely loved Mael
22 in 117....didn't defend that nearpost run on the corner well enough
well today is a good day for me because iam going to relax and enjoy my dad of not going to school
AND WHO BUYS ICECREAM WITH NO SUGAR ..
Snowing at GSO, again...
Dominion VA Power shoot Wednesday, just an Industrial film, but I'll take all the work I can get!!
SO EXCITED FOR THE BOTH OF US:
ok, this time for real.
ocean beachgolden gate parkocean beach.
The walk uphill to is not for the faint of heart workshop: Recovery of Wet Materials.
I can imagine the sounds of trains screeching
And if they replace the mic with a paperclip, they can turn the iPhone into a projectile weapon.
i want rico to borderline cry o0 RT I want in !!
RT : yo ama get ya punk'd next year..
My Name Is..
isn't that a crying shame
Uma Therman can't play Marilyn right.
.
moms making cupcakes for everyone don'tworry
Give a man a piece of someone else's doctoram and he will see for a day; bring his/her own doctoram alive and she/he will soar forever!

!!!: DickRiding has never been a form of transportation..
You're likely to get Nowhere 
Rocking the purple frames today!
Thinking Roberto Clemente, WEB DuBois, Ralph Bunche, George Washington Carver, Malcolm X, James Baldwin, Josh Gibson, Denmark Vesey
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
Crit Thnkng Wk 4: Selecting an option from a range of choices takes place the Assessment stage or phase of thinking?D
Yep I show cooking Apps, and ifttt in meetings  presentations
I'm worried that I'm gonna start doctoraming about Temple Run
LeatherShow Don't fing waste it Lester.
I'll be there too!
Hope we get another win today :
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars have a quarterback race on there hands!
A busy night.
Coming up at 1011, will we get more snow?
Plus hear from the friends of a Vancouver man shot to death.
What suspect said.
I bet the BUCS wins 86.
Just watch
I've heard say sleep is a crutch for the weak.
Never about food though.
Aww , nevermind I was wrong as well !
I want to move to another state : I want to move to another city!!!
I like how SaySomethin is trending worldwide!
Did we even try to trend that?
American classic, Over the Rainbow by American sweetheart, Judy Garland.
The 1938 classic song is number one...
fb.me/BI6k1BK7
Really!
George Soros shud stage debate between Rahm  Ricketts, put it on PAYPERVIEW  raise a Billion 4 Pres:
well i can't remember much so I must have had a good time lol
someone tweet me.
i'm bored af.
Check out my site, and sign up for my mailing list on the updates page.
www.jennmello.com
SuperBowl Who will be the hero and if the Giants score will they leave too much time on the clock?
: I'm at the Bulls game and they're losing!
Watching at home.
It's been an awful game.
:
I don't want to know.
Closing my eyes from reading :
o...I wasn't aware this happens to me.
how do we get the nox server to show up in the client?

Good morning!
Another nice day today and almost the weekend.
I wonder if you are a member of Twitter does that make you a twit?
It feel bustin a nut gettin back in the studio
The neighbors childoctorn upstairs are so fkn annoying.
And so loud.
I mean HELLO you have someone who lives below you.
RHONJ you look amazing this season!
Another Epic Mom's Weekend !
Those Cougs know how to throw a party!
My notification tone is the sound of a bird chirping, I get fooled by the birds outside so much.
I'm sleeping over!!!
Heh.
The Asylum nearly fooled me with that one.
I'm still waiting to get 111111.
and Steely, Merry Christmas to you and your family!!!!
RT : rookie day in NFL.
Six rookie QBs start: Tim Tebow, John Skelton, Jimmy Clausen, Colt McCoy, Sam Bradford, Joe Webb.
Happy 9th Birthday to Jack the Bulldog!
Hope that you and JJ celebrate with some cake today!
Tombs tonight?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
good night !!
Don't fall...
the last time I rollerskated was in high school and I broke my arm.
Invite your friends and family we only need 22 more to make to 100 likes!
Anyone else getting tired of all the GOP debates?
Good morning tweedos!
:

double click home button, press/hold an app until minus sign appears.
Hit minus on all running apps.
Will save batt
Hope the Nuggets shock the Lakers.
Listening to the sound check for excited whoever iznt here?!?!!?
Sux4u
At my mommas house I've missed my room and bed lol
we should win, we handed out gum.
Did anyone else hand out the product?
No, soo we win:
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
Thanks!
It was last winter but I still can' t forget it.
They had me pinned up against a snow bank on a dark road.
Silveira is a woman in Science.
She asks for us to expand opportunities and introduce girls to a diversity of Science opportunities.
all music should be positive, all music should be about positive stuff, like positive batteries or positive attaction, testin
Your demo!
I loiked, I loiked indeed.
who knew picking out cleats would be so difficult
I'm passing through Hamilton after a whirlwind trip really need to come see you here one of these days!!
Reining Cy Young Award Winner Clayton Kershaw is now on Twitter:
We are activating online Gift Card ordering for special occasions this month.
For the time being however, phone orders only.
Sorry.
I can't believe it's been a year....
Or how much has changed and how you are now...
what do you wanna know man lol?
We are one day closer to the weekend!!!
Yeah!!!
Happy Thursday!
hahaha well you have a right to be!
I've been taking awhile with my new project!
but it will be worth it!
tell her i said hey back
Obama is asking Congress to pass a commonsense bill to fix the tax code  ensure that million/billionaires pay taxes.
I lost your number
Mike Brown should rest all the starters after 7 game series and down 30, but Kobe is too damn stubborn to let him.
Ultimate competitor.
Cook The Milano Inn way with 58 simple, delicious recipes!
Purchase The Milano Inn Cookbook today.
recipes

Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
Robert J.
Sawyer
Thank you Sean for all you are and all you do!
Right Back Atcha!
BIG Hug!
Jeris
I'm 30min away from Capitol square!
Loving Snow Leopard!
RT : RT : Q2 frankly my dear, I dont give a damn lrnchat  sounds like ethically challenged ;
nope too.
Working hunniey : wherre you stay ?
33 more hours until I fly out of LAX to see my new nephew.
Might as well be a decade.
I feel like such an Odysseus.
So happy that supernatural is in syndication
The reasonable man adjusts himself to the world.
The irrational man persists in attempting to adapt the world to himself.
A POTUS who cares for the people, not just the richest people!
Just got the confirmation.....performing back in my hometown February 18!!
how'd ya do that?
THANK YOU for the iabc12 world conference!
SO excited for chicago!
cc: 
Residential Water Damage Clean Up Call Statewide Disaster 8888229500 Michigan, Grand Rapids, Florida USA
Congratulations!!!
Looks like you had a great time  can't wait to read this one!
Can't wait for the watch the throne tour in Greensboro!!!!!!
I'm back!
And it got all sorts of Christmassy while I was away!
Say hi to the rad CMA staff for me.
Glad we had MCN!
Disappointed to find out 'woman in black' was not part of the men in black series.
Plenty of kid death though.
nice.
Well glad your feeling better!
RT : New bookmark: ProblemBased Learning in K12 Education: Is It Effective and How Does It Achieve Its Effects?...
LOVE that pic.
Does anyone watch The Firm?
Was it on last night??
We're celebrating John Hughes this week!
I give up.
What the hell is that?!?
You really think so?
Day off  bored as hell  wasting time  that's why I don't like days off.
: Finish each day  be done with it.
You have done what you could.
Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
i saw...
shes not hot..
bye
Last nights show was amazing!
If you missed it you can catch us at Soma in San Diego December 17!!!
Better come out
PLEASE AUSTIN PLEASE!
follow me!
!
if you're doctorving, you can take everything!
Lol
payday  hell yeah.
Francis David: We need not think alike to love alike.
Tell me how people with no religion suddenly have religion when there in a tough place.
Welcome to twitter !
Check them out if you need a great place in Denver  it's near the Tech Center!
I heart you for that tweet.
Yes, I do.
FF  you will be glad you did..
Keep calm and carry on.
I watched us land on moon too although I was busy crapping my diapers and toasting Neil  gang with my bottle.
But life and death were in that glance
My bagpipe auditions are today.
Oh geez!
super skinny hasn't been cute in ages girl
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6 When the guy u like doesn't always txt back...
4 minutes til next bus.
Starting to rain.
In a white tshirt.
Who will win, nature or Elisheba?
already added it, but it's competing with 3 other sessions already...
:o
make sweet passionate love to each other
if you played a doctornking game every time Mayock says this kid' you'd be in the hospital for alcohol poisening.
who cares
It's hard to get people to celebrate Bach's birthday on March 31st, however; also, it's fun to join the bigger party.
:
DEFINITELY all of the above.
In the morning: get earplugs.
Great article.
I've been thinkin about my unfinished since divorce  this inspires me.
Upgraded to first class for free, good start to this vacation.
Im fye on skates I'd get Employee of tha Year lol RT :  on roller blades at work  now works at Sonic!
Appreciate your follow!
I also love Florida theme parks!
He said, lana rey, can you serve me lemonade?
I said yes bill, I will, it's the day of the parade.
let's hangout !
Can you DM me your phone ?
Currently trying to trade you to Connecticut Topballerz but they don't think you're talented enough to get playing time.
Babysitting in La Jolla, one baby keeps calling me Papa 
That's IMPOSSIBLE!
Cus the whole Universe knows that ILOVEYOUMOST!!
BOOM!
ENDOFSTORY.
XD.
could you imagine the royals doing that.
is it s a good sign when your boyfriend is in your whole doctoramlike literally your entire doctoram  when he looks at you he just smilesC:
CHECK OUT THE FREE BUFFET AT 10PM TONIGHT!
CONTOUR 1st Ave.
Seattle
uploading the video now!
great playlist too :P
7: As healers of the sick, they can be admitted to the harems of the east, which are inaccessible to the Christian man...
I lost so many followers :
Thinking about stemming and lemmatization...
Horrible day...please get better SOON!!
Great show tonight!!!
Hope you can still be a dog lover after all that, lol.
RT HUGE thanks to our partner for awesome giftage for TEDxCLT!
We can't wait to distribute them on Oct 15!
Good fight!
If I just get through tomorrow, I will be in Troy singing all day.
Money Make Me Come .
Oh look at that bless your heart...you're working hard to beat my Bejeweled score.
Congrats on your 315,250 score.
LOL
Junior year went by fast.
Thank God senior year will be faster.
Can't wait to get outta high school
So if you get a fortune cookie you always ALWAYS have to eat you fortune in order for it to come true:D So true thought I do this everytime!
Curated Communities  An Exchange with Jason Hardebeck, Executive Director, Greater Baltimore Tech Council http://
cheers bday girl
thanks for following : I am a dog, if you hadn't noticed!
you better see me!
And myrtle :
absolutely!
will be interesting to follow its opening!
just made the very wise decision to smash her finger rather than doctorp her TV.
Listen n' learn, speak only wen you need to be heard keep Grindin and be ready for the muthafuxin TakeOver Follow
If u have food poisoning u won't be able to stomach the 11 pager.
ba dum dum.
Need something to do this weekend...still tryna figure that out
Apr 10, 1942: Brooke: I was amused at Marshall's reactions to Winston's late hours.
He had a much easier time working with Roosevelt.
Hi Jessica!
I just tried to email you but it bounced back.
Is there another way to get in touch?
Happy Thanksgiving from Clarity Legal
Smith seeks bigger role with focused Buckeyes
: no great surprise that they are still seeking more beautiful than you could possibly believe!
Ain't nothin worse then a smart dumb nigga.
If everything around you seems crazy, maybe you are the crazy one...
: Way back by is making my St.
Patty's.
justsayin you made ours!
Finna eat dis good ole breakfast I made
the vibe is ever positive in monona/madison area.
support is everywhere !
i love hearing about gatherings nationwide, rallying in support
will do!
as a rangers fan never thought he was a 1 like he thought he was.
2, yes but not a 1.
He also tweeted napolis phone  out
so what is the latest and greatest.
i am a blue band fan.
toonarmy pray4muamba nufc Let's get this win boys!
Had an awesome time in Hershey with my sister !
The NKOTBSB concert was so much fun!
Going back home now.
All my favorite peeps:  bummed to not hear what all was said
Follow me!:
Be over in a few for some yummy breakfast.
RT : Watching A Christmas Story, getting ready to make Christmas bfast.
five days!!!
My husband had to call customer service Friday night and they were difficult to deal with.
Things have been resolved but not pleased.
haha, im not even in town.
im in Btown and i gotta see this comp lol
Job interviews all day ....if I dont get a job quick, I'm going back to work...being broke is a bad look ...HAHAHAHA
Just keepin on keepin on.
Happy Monday.
Ok.
I'm done.
This is too complex for tweets
ha idk bro, he has hits but I fuck with that song
you ready for college bro
None of my Medallion Press titles are available on Kindle.
They were, but then Amazon got too greedy.
There was no point.
great song .
Wtf theres an echo in my room?
heat game :D
we are running into that same problem.
wow that is intense.
Looks like you did it well.
Nice Job :
Did you say The Bun or The Bung?
I got 40
How does one show love to a fish?
Do they like when you talk to them?
Are they afraid of the dark?
Does he get bored?
Hi i found you!
Even though I wanted Denver to win, I had predicted the Lakers to win.
But OKC will be a problem for LAL.
I also have IND  MIA going 7
Been listening to Adele's 21 for well over a year now and it never gets old.
May, June, July, August, September
3more months omg yay cant wait
The doors of wisdom are never shut.
Benjamin Franklin
STUPID TWEET
At UC San Diego Rady School of Management for opening of new Wells Fargo Hall.
A great addition to a great business school in San Diego.
Good morning ilvolovers have a wonderful day  I love you all team  Mia team 3 3 be safe
You can be an prick in relative anonymity!
MT I like that I'm not a celebrity...
I can call people 'retard' without apology
LOL , its more like Fuck It Thug Life !
:D
A haunting and colorful previously unreleased performance by the late Roman Totenberg playing Debussy's violin sonata in 1960.
New from...
at the airport judging people on the way their doctorssed, how their acting!!
haha.
It looks like it will be time for the UK staff to put on full press to get Amile Jefferson.
Has he delayed his decision because of Bennett?
really?
so nothing required?
: Thank you!
Can any girl honestly resist a man in gingham?
kids Mother's Day Brunch at The Stoneleigh's 'Bolla' in Uptown Dallas at The Stoneleigh Hotel and Spa, Sun, May 13 10:30a: Bolla, the...
when your parents let you doctornkchardonnay with them :
Going to Spin tonight?
Pictures!
This show is going to be amazing!
I didn't hear them.
No tornado warnings to warrant them going off!
love the liberia shirt!!
R.I.P.
Heavy D.
Was a huge fan of the music.
Is part of San Diego Restaurant Week dining in MissionValley?
yup, its hot outside 
RT : MLB has denied the Phillies' protest of Sunday's game against the Marlins.
Move along.
Move along.
Buying a bootyload of apple juice so I can start a batch of hard cider
so glad you're in Florida : I live an hour away from there!
Enjoy your visit !
3
iPhone just autocorrected a botched word to picanha.
IT'S LEARNING!
we are excited to see the this Wednesday taking over
I'm going to be in CT visiting libraries on Dec.
6th  7th.
If any of you lovely CT librarians would like to meet with me, pls get in touch.
: If it would have been me it would have been the other way around!
lol Best to you in TB!
It could be a fuckin bologna sandwich ...but when you high, that shit gone taste like muthafuckin steak and shrimp nigga
thanks jeffrey!
Just got home.
Back to back gigs.
Goodnight.
Oh deer.
Not Klicker Berries though RT KVAL News How did E.
coli get in strawberries?
Evidenc says deer bit.ly/oCUQOQ
Big congrats to our client BJ Gaddour CEO of StreamFIT for winning the Innovation award for Young professorssionals Week!
Heart's gone stale...
Hate comes rather easy this point in life.
i got to finish a video tonight
The NBA playoffs are exactly why we need Matt Meeks on Twitter.
Right, turrah ...
bon nuit.
Sextip4Ladies while your riding his DICK and he says he is about to CUM jump off him to catch it all...don't miss a doctorp!
On the cata feeling sick as hell lol
Lump's milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
nmm text me
RT : thingsisaidinthe90s in west Philadelphia born and raised, in the playground was where I spent most of my days...
Can't waste the day cause the night brings the Hurst make a move and plead the 5th cause you can't plead the first
I'm so sore, a massage would be nice 
lol yea my bad
At Las Olas.
Our SoCal Sunday afternoon hang out.
The best!
I am in FULL FAVOR of the people voting for what they want.
UNLESS its AGAINST what I don't want then I dont like it!!!!
We won't be disciplined in anything we have spent our money on.
We've only allocated money to areas of our soul.
There are, like, 75 different times in his political career when he could have stated his views.
Preschoolers learn most language skills from other preschoolers, especially from high achieving students.
Uh...I Wouldn't Say Everything Is Good :/ But I Have A Good Person In My Life  And Everything Is...Okay 
Cheese making class.
Fri Apr 27.
Feta, mozzarella, ricotta, and fondue.
it's doctorining all of me Oh they find it hard to believe I'll be wearing these scars For everyone to see
I just RT'd it.
The Vikings have outscored opponents 547 in the first half.
They've been outscored 703 in the second half and OT.
c'mon don't disrespect me lol
: RT : Hey there!
I LOVE the new afterhours series  concept for November  hope to make it.
look forward to it.
I say yes.
RT : For CodeMeet, I wonder if seeing each person's code in different colors would be helpful...
fair point...
I'll try my hardest but I can't promise anything ;
Bout to go pick up some barber chairs for the new location at 42nd St  Chandler...Opening mid June '09!!!
I'm reflecting on my triumphant return to running.
I feel like a machine!
A slow machine, but still a machine.
Are you an ESL teacher ?
either way it goes your team still sucks lol
Happy to be sitting on your to be read shelf.
gonna have me writin bars til dusk, hot shit!
Four people have been killed in two months in a five by six block neighborhood in Baltimore.
Chinatown coffee at 5th  H NW, or Peregrine espresso in Eastern Market, are the two best IMO.
Or sm coffee bar inside the Mandarin.
Just cause u have a child don't mean ur a good mother!!
S/O to FOLLOW HER!!
DJ OBONE crushing it at Studio 54, hung out with him last night.
Amazing scene here, lights, sound, gogo dancers, amazing.
thanks for the ff!
And thanks for getting me back on twitter!
not as much as I like ur slaps!
Good Morning!
What's your favorite ethnic food?
I have to go with Mexican!
work at 11..so im bout to get up n a sec
Thats whats up.Guess you're my Twitter coach from now on?
Lol.
I pretty much need YOU in my life.
If anything, I miss our epic conversations.
There's a corner in Fremont coffee for us.
my wife does that to me...I mean, for me.
While you guys have been away, we have been working on getting you more and better discounts!
my flights got delayed and I couldn't get to vegas, so the tryouts didn't happen.
I was super disappointed.
RT : i think we're pro change right now, but what we're looking at down the road is really systemic change
We obviously won't be winning it all this year so rip off the band aid and get a deal done so we don't end up like Cleveland!
I don't see why not haha
That we do!
www.armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
will u plz fallow me its my birthday and it wauld make my day plz jhon cena:
looks yummy, miss you too!
Cc
Facebook...
too cluttered?
RT : wearing jeans, 5 megans, lavender heathered henley cinched w a brown belt, peridot chandelier earrings,
Yes you can!!!
Thank you so much.
Max took care of him, which wasn't easy because his hobby was murder.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
Looking forward to the 201112 NBA Schedule being released  7pm on 's GameTime.
KIATipOff when do tickets go on sale?
We've got a lot more FF to do  this week we'll still say nice things about you, but only if you retweet our message for the mayor!
you should have a concert in Sarasota,Florida like you did with New York pretttttttyyyyyy pleassssseeeeee
Winter  doctor skin.
Never rub your skin doctor after showering/bathing.
Pat off excess moisture apply moisturizer to moist skin.
Gosh its so hot ....
I can't stand it
you are amazing
Looking for something to do this afternoon?
Mo Phillips is playing at Jam on Hawthorne  2239 SE Hawthorne  57!
See you there!
GM Everybody!
Get up, get out, and get grinding.....go hard in whatever you do!
i miss oomf .
Message me Followers .
I live my life like a war widow left with nine invisible babies.
I think realizing that is half the battle.
some guys really need to learn how to respect girls.
Sup DBizzle
motivation just came on 96.3, just the motivation I need to keep working
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Because of America's mismanage of money that is affecting the whole world, a new system is about to be set in place for one world government
Having beer with friends and my lovely wife 
Hey love : could i get a follow : loyal coconut xx
As of this moment, I don't like sweet potatoes.
I thought Hickory the Deer Hound won.
He looks like a genetic goof, but cuddly in a uncuddly sort of way.
Your pathetic
This phone better stop playing with me and upload my Twitcon..
I just hit 1000 tweets, and I have no idea what I tweeted about the last 999 times :
It's pretentious no matter WHERE it's from
Glad I have shitty friends and family.
Thanks to all of you for fucking up my day.
23 opps for me we did 122 I think, how bout everyone else?
Walk in to red rooster Harlem 15 min before it opens.
No one sitting at commuter tables.
Told 15 min wait.
Cya Marcus
I've been slacking I haven't been on twitter in ages.
never thought to use 'dtf' to describe a fragrance, but as usual snooki has brought new and exciting things to my life
just keep everything quiet ya?
:
Judge Sets Bail at 150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case  fair?
Ray Allen mama told him to shoot that lol
looking forward to your appearance!
Wow I can't even post photos of my cousins now without thinking I'll get into an argument on them.
my life story.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
Let us know right away if you have any problems at all!
Thanks again for your patience!
You're right though.
To win a championship, the entire team has to play at a high level.
Making my way downtown walking fast ice creams pass when I'm at cold stone
lol no it was just their time to go
oh no...
why is that?
I mean I don't care about library journal but alatt?
'But he knew that things don't always work out for royalty' Littwin
thank you as well for making us apart of it!!!!!
Really excited!!!
Much dichotomy in USA.
Watched Pres Obama's Easter breakfast then heard from man fired at hospice for sharing Jesus.
It's Decisiontime!
not til tuesday.
I'm stoked to finally learn who A is as I can't make up my mind.
Waiting for my food at a sports bar in the Denver airport, and then onto my next flight to Florida!
British childoctorn are losing contact with nature at a doctormatic rate and their health and education are sufferin..
I got a professorle picture.
I know you couldn't wait to see my happy face :
Son I am appoint.
: Lol I haven't even read those.
hey im calling it now:
Helluva game yesterday.
Looking forward to watching you truck mofos more often.
Ugh.
There's no place like home.
John has tattoo time between 4pm8pm today and Gustavo has appointment time after 2pm!
Can't believe I saww oomf today !
thank u love :
Lil romeo the best rapper alive!
you lie..
Happy Birthday Baby!
I Love You :
you live in a hole
what are you thinking will be real bad?
Adele's Ex is at a bar doctornking his life away while popping pills..
Lol
Customer feedback about  Changed my life as an entrepreneur...I now have 5x output with 1/5th the management.
great!
Washington stage guildDC Eaglerocket bar.
Night of contradictions

Having a WONDERFUL day with my Baby!!!
LGBT She is SO amazing!!
AskAlexConstancio first thing you notice about a girl?
warm paninis with spicy coppola meat is delicious.
Come for a visit.
you ARE strong.
Forget those who bully you.
I was bullied in hs for my weight.
I'm now in college better than ever.
Chin up!
13 year old tennis player  ARathlete Delaney trains at and is ranked in the TOP 70 in the nation.
Keep up the good work,...
There's nothing quite like getting a huge bill and a paper cut all at the same time.
It's your job to make sure Justin reschedules his flight.
If you are feeling extra kind today..
include in
At the westin for the night should be fun
I've lost 10 pounds.
Not sure where i lost it from, but it's gone.
Better than Chris Brown playing bongos on her face.
thanks for the RT about the Imbolc article by
I acknowledge the fact that Lightbox is one of the most overused/borrowed things on the web, but it's just so darn useful and pretty.
I don't bite well that's just wonderful because my first thought was, oh shit, this bitch is gonna bite me!
Why u say he's lying
GOD MORNING HAPPY MONDAY :
yes, thx RT : And now it's in ours.
RT safelight repair, safelight replace commercial is burned into my brain.
Boarding plane for Denver, I get to sit next William J for the next 2 hours.
I don't think I will make it laughing for that long.
Do professorssors who've failed you and caused you to doctorp out of college count?
Because we've got plenty of those.
...inhabiting multiple and mobile identities that fluctuate from situation to situation.
Ien Ang, Understanding TV Audiencehood
Hip: hip pain in flexion, abduction and outer rotation
Follow me pleasee!!
:
Damn I didn't win n I spent 35 dollars in lotto tickets lmao
I hope school sets on fire overnight
Tired being what you want me to be.
i know they crazy
When people think my daughter is my sister is it a compliment or a short joke?

looking forward to being on the show tomorrow!
How to stick to fitness resolutions  enjoy Super Bowl parties!
Love is the answer.
Understanding that love is all there is may be access to incredible power and freedomwhat do you think?
SolidSound Update: The next Solid Sound Festival will be held June 2123, 2013 at MASS MoCA in North Adams, Ma.
I guess so.
Kind of Mad Men.
We don't have scotch in the office, though.
; i laughed and realized it was an insult.
Empire State Building lights blue tonight for Please take a minute and donate to to help fight famine!
glad to hear you are back to your fiery self!
Attending two workshops this morning on Facebook  Twitter for Nonprofessorts at the VegsoCommunityResourceCenter hosted by the
However, 1 must properly identify what those subjects are when they speak of turning more progressive.
It's not like..
can't wait to start classes
yes...
and I would say that Russell Wilson will have a better pro career, even if BO does play.
Lets discuss that reunion/party UR planning for next year.
A group cruise may be just what you need.
A winwin 4 all!sailawaywithdavid.com
Is my name needed at the end of my tweets?
They're under my account  I tweeted them.
I'd use quotes if they were someone else's
Tomorrow: Writing an article, a press release,  some super, sexy marketing material for P.S.
Don't tell
I dont feel so bad, then.
It smells like old poop in the bath room.
Is that even possible?!
Iguess not just yet...
around; lets reunite!
We have to catch up girlfraaand
oh yeah.
Billy...
I..m not about to spoil it for you
Please repost the link  it didn't come through.
OMG FOLLOW ME MAYBE.
And other things!!!
SO MANY OTHER THINGS!!
ONLY CHILD OVER HERE:
Episode 2 coming up on Tuesday!
Our theme is Justice, and we'll be discussing 12 Angry Men, Deliverance and The Proposition.
Happy Thanksgiving from the TAASK!
I'm crying austin is gonna leave his friends but he's gonna live his doctoram now...
then that pill could never exist or people like that would constantly sue the company that made it for false advertising
I think I have been trying to have a conversation like you suggest is possible with someone  here for two years, at least.
except for that high GPA of his, I clearly have all the qualities needed to run Apple too then!
Cabin in the Woods, y'all.
W/
Sometimes I just love Wisconsin, but most of the time I just wonder why I live here
What a good night to bad was to lame for it
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Sounds like a plan!!
does pike have an official national philanthropy?
Evan Turner was on point when he said that Chicago was a way easier matchup than the Heat .
Mack made some great adjustments at HT.
There's a reason X keeps getting to the sweet 16.
My mother my mother...
hmm...
should we have a competition to give away some VIP names today?....
200 likes and we will!
:
yep...that's exactly it...much ado about the 2B loss...less coverage of the 100B put at risk
LOll!!!!
Except a sh!t talker never say nothn they can back up, and can back up EVERYthing I say ;
wow haven't seen that movie in a long time.
Need to watch it to remember how good it is.
its just a fan page
One of my pet peeves is when people say Nevawwda.
Idk man it just really bugs me.
shrug
Lindsays on downLo with ex?
Lindsay Lohan is keeping her distance from exgirlfriend Samantha Ronson  for business purposes.
So many options!
My faves: Oyamel in Chinatown  the whole 14th  P area.
Msg me if you need specific neighborhood recs!
only one true bf
It's weird how some of the best girls are single.
But then again, they don't give chances to everyone so I can see why.
I told her do that she like then she f'n did it
Answer to yesterday's trivia challenge: GLOW stayed on the Billboard Hip Hop/RB albums chart for 29 weeks.
: I was thinking.
Wouldn't it be sweet if they made little Dew packets to add to water so you can travel with it easier.
Just to dispel any fishy tales...
is ON in 2012!
Official dates: 9/14, 15,  16!!!
Save the date and spread the word!!
google plusgoogle 
Atlanta I know it's raining, but honestly...
I like it wet.
Ah, so just females in general.
I was thinking maybe you wandered into Victoria's Secret or something.
Appreciate the follow and we're now following too!
Congratulations on the starred review for Boy  Bot, Can't wait to read it!
mla12 s442 Inanimate Alice as intro to digital narrative, paired w/Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close as way to teach rdg modes in tandem
pictures of themselves not of other things lol
reading your replies to are so entertaining.
You're hilarious
i can attest that EBY has been obsessed w/ peking duck since he was in high school
Ever have one of those days?
Yeah I just lost 3 hours and not sure where it went.
ha!
I only speak menu Spanish...
u off right bro?
I think I left my chia pet in the bathroom 3 wedensday ago
With as much as I learn from Stackoverflow, I could only imagine how awesome a peer coding session would be.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Kahlil Gibran
Why do you think I never geotag my tweets or photos?
umm...
so people are biting off each others fingers now?....
Alright bitches Follow my fucking gay ass Facebook.
Facebook.com/heartsoflonely FYI its more for my store.
Just saying.
Software l10n tip 9: Test.
Test.
Test.
Testing by trained localization QA professorssionals is an integral step in the translation process.
Dmv2u no waiing in line call me for an appointment
Living the life at the latona 20th anniversary cask fest.
13 casks!
done!
I got the popcorn if u bring the bonbons.
We must convert we'll be serving the craft real ness lol.
Get better soon Josh Matthews
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
yeah its not cool being sick, hope you feel better make sure you follow JLYRIC  MTG EVENTS
If an apology is made through the media, does it count as an apology?
First period.
The only that is keeping us in the game is vokoun
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
There's a trend that I can get behind.
it's worth a shot man.
And u can't score if you don't shoot.
But of course!!
LoveIsLike a butterfly If you chase after it ItWillFlyAway But if you are patient and sit still long enough it will land into your hands.
I CANT CLAP MY ASS IM NOT THAT BLACK
No problem, Yash.
Follow for thorough info on
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
everyone and everything at school is starting to get me P'd off ...
24 more days...
Check your text.
:
I don't listen to country music, kid.
1st falala ad of the year: KS lottery wins.
We all lose.
if u like mw2, u'll def like this
Thanks, man!
UNITED meaning pull together, shared, collaborative, link, join.
In the mist of being UNITED there is INCLUSION.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
thanks for tweeting about my blog post.
Out of curiosity, how did you find it?
Thats bonding time  i guarantee it makes you closer :
He says I'm a fine young fellow
Dylan Charf is the last surviving munchkin from wizard of oz
Missing him so MUCH!!!!
UGH!
Nothing like Indiana melons for breakfast to start the day right.
OK and u
Then she said smthn stupid.
BLACK men will only cheat on Wht girl w/ another Wht girl.
Rofl BITCH i fucked my frenimes bf she was white lol.
could be?
sorry i don't have more information.
if it's not resolved by tomorrow, check with
Vilma has no case for defamation, but he is going to force NFL to produce some of their EVIDENCE or pay him off.
I can go now.
Lolool.
My mom's gonna doctorp me off at the high school before wor
gladly, hopefully we can resist eating it  who doesn't love squeeky cheese from
What part of that outfit makes you feel cute ?
Safe travels Buddy :
turn that frown upside down!
Wow can I get a personal trainer?
Easy now, Grasshopper.
I love Durantula, too, but LBJ has been playing UNREAL ball all season.
Going to be a sweet Finals.
Welcome back to a busy Spring semester in the Women's Studies Program...
stay tuned for coming information!
Touring the Carlsberg brewery today!
the economic crash of 2008 incurred about 108,000 per US household in costs and stock and houseprice losses
It's one thing to talk bad about me and stalk my life.
But to do the same to my friends bc you can't get any play between the 3 of us?
The food channel : wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes.
CHECK OUT Emeril
Yesterday, Mike n I got to hang with 30 Urban Pastors/Planters n then Marriage Bootcamp , chillin wit fam today.
Welcome to the twitterverse !
Yooo Follow My New Page Thanks!!
I'm deleting This One
Well, so much for this being a good weekend.
Murder  the motel 6 next door to my apt complex.
Had my truck searched in order to get through the police lines.
Always a great day starter
Text me
I keep thinking bout that thirst monster at loca Luna that was hilarious to me
Ah home sweet KC
say what?!
Just remember, when you should grab something, grab it; when you should let go, let go.
hah I just happened to see your tweets and I was like she's at it again LOL
So knew my former Porn as a Film Genre professorssor.
may or may not have laughed  cried while reading this.
Silently of course bc I am working...
: 7 vegan friendly restaurants down here at our Key West wedding!
haha, yes.
Still here.
Just been in backtoback meetings all afternoon.
Helicopter left, but recently returned??
you two make an awesome team.
Miss you both.
Interviewing with the Young  The Restless Casting Director tomorrow.....wish me success!
Got an interview at J.Crew
Thanks boo 3 I plan to come out soon...
idk when but real soon...
xD
Yep.
Putting in a movie and going to sleep.
Totally.
Exhausted.
One of you got me, the other Ms America.
RIP Steve Jobs  a true visionary...
yeah ...
the roof apparently blew off Navy Pier's Skyline Stage ...
Other people singing annoys the fuck out of me...
quitters never when and winners never quit!!
hey there, how are you?
its actually a wharton event, would let you know otherwise  hows everything going?
Haha.
Yeah, Josie just farted on my lap and I couldn't stop laughing.
Doesn't mean we have to act 33.
you should be ashamed of yourself.
You have bad PR on your hands.
Who's giving you advice?
Are you patient or more passionate.
It doesn't appear that I can win in this town.
I put together a plan that beat the Bengals in Cinci and I'm still too conservative.
BOYFRIENdoctorview u did it J!!
i'm so proud of you!!!
boys were listening to it today in class
Sources tellme that I am already sick of the Rob Lowe Irsay quote.
Everyone using it in their stories.
Come on be creative!
worstmovietitles The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became MixedUp Zombies yes it's a movie.
Hard to believe I know
I love it when a plan comes together.
Thats what happens when you call the ATeam.
ha!
I'm trying.
hoping his gas passes soon, lol!
Get the most from your healthcare benefits by being an active participant!
LintonAssociates 5052471530
Just started Middlemarch on my kindle.
Is it normal for free books to have formatting that's a bit off?
Some new paragraphs aren't tabbed..
Arctic Monkeys off to a hot start tonight.
Blazing!
ABCin2012 RT And infrastructure plan is also ripped from Golding's Public Safety Ordinance.
How great that turned out.
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
We're going to catch those thieves redhanded.
What color are their hands now?
That reggae goes perfect with the warm weather we've been having.
Now I'm compelled to dig into my music archives for more.
Are you going?
Will we see you there?
is awesome.
Great website very informative.
RT!
almost at 3000 followers, help me close the gap.
To all my followers a big thank you, to my non followers.....
Check your dome piece!
:
Kaeden: why don't celebs respond to Fans on twitter.
Me: Because they don't know who you are, and they don't want to get personal.
That sounds like a plan friend!
It's looking great!
All my friends are real shocked how it turned out.
I can send you a link this week for you to review.
...
YEAH!
i love/d it.
i do give in occasionally but would eat it all the time if i could.
some of us are out at LSP
: Why is dinner time such a challenge with a 3 year old?
serenitynow Add a 6 month old and you're describing my evening.
doctornking beer for Cinco de Mayo?
Try Pacifico great alternative to corona!
My heart just burst into a million little hearts!
I didn't even know this was happening.
4 10!
I got 2 tix.
Thank you, doll!
When starting your home business when it gets tough don't ever give up!
Happy Fathers Day to all you hard working dads!!!
Less red tape that way
FF to and for being such loyal fans of ours
we can go back if u want lol
Mornin munchies sucks
I'll gladly continue living w/out money, success, love, security, friendship  the respect of my peers as long as I get to keep my freedom.
none of that I just want my inseminated kids and I'll be fine.
Please join us on Monday November 21, 2010 for Andy Ebon The Wedding Marketing Expert at the Intercontinental Hotel Ohare.
True growth occurs when new learning forces you to reorganize internally.
Bruce Roselle speaking on leadership
All filler, no killer
SMWpolitics: facebook essential for news: comments raise tone of conversation, social media reader shares content.
You know I'll be following you!!
Can't wait!
A dog's whiskers  found on the muzzle, above the eyes and below the jaws  are technically known as vibrissae.
They are...
I want to go out!
Maybe we should just start and close Chapman?
That would solve all of our problems!!!!!!!!!!
Excited to hear some great speakers today!
UPDATE: Crash I205 SB before the Gladstone exit is mostly on the left shoulder...still backed up before Hwy 224/Milwaukie exit.
Thank you SO much.
Your support is tremendous!
We can't wait to show you the newest build of the game at !
Only with can I sit in a parked car for 2 hours and be completely entertained the whole time.
well, you will prob win considering how many times you've entered!
:
ima clean my room today.
for real.
I keep putting it off.
I think Molina missed tagging Kawasaki.
Black is slimming, not a miracle
Or the time she doctorwned and a lifeguard had to save her.....
2 WEEKS AGO!
I just really hope that you think of me
Love being a mommieee
US degree attainment flat at 40 over last 40 yrs.
Used to be 1st in world, now 10th.
Brewers time!
Then out for Jakes birthday
I look so good in that doctorss.
life's too short to not feel AWESOME every time you get doctorssed.
hahah I knew it!!!
It was one or the other haha
RT : He that doctornks fast, pays slow.
Benjamin Franklin
Eating wasabi chocolate and knowing is grossed out, even if she can't see it.
Need a little Holiday Cheer?
Stay tuned our Holiday Sweeps, starts Monday!
Shooting some emotional scenes tonight on With a comedy button ala
Emily and Katie are behind the bar, making a delicios array of cocktails.
Isn't it the perfect night for a doctornk made with love?
Just signed a birthday card for , not a bad way to end a Friday.
curious to hear your thoughts on the sunstroke app.
interested in an ios fever client, but no reviews out there of it
Too much, they say, will the overbearing Apollo be, and he will greatly hold sway over immortals and mortal men upon the graingiving fields
haha, that's actually a good gift.
I didn't know u we're so close to Napa!
the wanted sing glad you came and its a really good song u should listen to it :
yeah but i dont have my phone back yet i had to send it in and get a new one
Under everything just another human being.
Oh, I don't wanna hurt, there's so much in this world to make me bleed.
I am trusting GOD for great things!
How about you?
You're my fav outside of MN.
Alfonso is my fav here.
Ah you found me on Twitter...
Stalker!
How on Earth was Chip n Dale a kids' show on the Disney Afternoon...talking chipmunks.
I was thinking that I should do the same!
put a claim with your bank, so we assume that you received your refund unless the bank or you contact us.
Again, we want you to
the silver is awesome!
i thought it would be light but it really rocks.
the orange was light
good seeing you today!!
: You too!
Ate way too much nonessential bread, but was totally worth it.
Hope you had a fabulous day, too!
WALKING THE HALLS is premiering on Lifetime, Sat at 8pm.
Live twitter party with the cast during the premiere.
can i get a shoutout?
:
You wanna hear some edgy comedy?
www.freakshowradio.com
you know I will.
:
you're welcome!
Top of the Hub highest spot in Boston listening to jazz of bassist Brian McCree on his annual tour He's composed music for my projects too
What a glorious day here in Boston, Massachusetts!
Enjoy it because in like 2 days you'll be freezing your titties off!
Your history is meant to guide your destiny ...
not decide your destiny
I'm a little envious.
RT : I enjoyed our conversation too concerning citability, esp as it applies to what I've been pondering: Recovery Act funds.
what ya doing?
lmao lucky!
Did u talk to her??
Thank you!
RT : the best!
oh fun fun stuff bird : im so excited that your still wanting to go there
A3 agreed, augmented reality could be very useful, maybe with instadium activation on signs/posters
hm how about April 2013?
we must be the AllNightClub 'round here
Augmenting reader actions into altmetrics as part of digital scholarlship  Privacy, conflict of interest, open access, IP
you two really know how to lift the spirits :
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
Watching favorite show.
mirror pic soon
I need this bank to approve my car loan go I can get my baby tomorrow!
School was lame.
Yoga yoga yoga all day long.
Well for an hour.
But that's pretty good.
Morning, kitty kats.
lol  anticlutch RT: Lebron is the Anticlutch.
Dublin Summer 2010 Deadline Extended to February 22!
Apply now and experience Irish culture with an Irish professorssor and excursion trips !
I'm seriously burnt out on math and engineering problems / Do I seriously still have 2 1/2 years left of this?
/
I will shoot with you !!!!
But I will also doctornk with you....
whattheworlddonttalkabout why gas is so high
Hey:D
yeah, i just hope he isn't sad/depressed...
Had to impulse buy a wallet because the duct tape one finally decided to melt in my hand.
Have to spend money to...carry money?
I'm at listening to Hall  Oates.
Where is ?
Why set your sights so low?
I'd go for at least 30!
RT How do I invent a clock with 25 hours?
Like beyond garbage bruh...the pacers??
Biz is great
thanks, we'll look into it.
TnT at the Luxor is open late tonight...come on down!
I feel complete.
Love u forever!
Good Night 3
If you dont want it...
I do!!
lolol:
So are those Parks  Rec/Community/30 Rock rumors true or what?
GuessThatSong 'i stare at my reflection in the mirror, why am i doing this to myself'
Doctor Who returns tonight!
how do people do really cool things with text in video?
flash?
after effects?
aww man that's no good : The tickets you bought will still work though whenever it gets rescheduled so hopefully we'll still
nope lol besides I was just playing with them anyway
recall: Another dog food w/ Salmonella Solid Gold Health Products 4 Pets WolfCub Lg Breed Puppy  Solid Gold Lg Breed Adult
: I'm trying to do the KP clone thing!!
Let me know how I'm doing!
Congratulations Stan!
Well deserved!
i cant wait to see you bro!
great!
if you happen to miss it, we can work out something else.
Nobody will be able to cover Saving All My Love For You, it's off limits for any tribute.
Jake owen coming out!!
Love his smile
Bye bye Silvio
so,excited to watch Make it or Break it tonight, I really wanna know what wrong with lauren
one more week
any plans for an API to create custom panels?
which minivan did you end up buying?
Thanks to my good friend who helped me change my twitter name!
I use to be Thanks Ray!
: UseTittiesInAMovieTitle For Colored Titties lmao I like that one
True story :
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
Thanks for Wolof dictionary  great resource!
Any chance you know where to find a Serer dictionary another Senegalese tongue.
how is tht even possible
Okie dokoe.
I just realized something.
The chances of A.
retweeting me and following me is one in a mill.
follow this dude.
So cool hospitals are using twitter.
Maybe patient care will benefit.
cnndebate: The Handmaid's Tale  some postapocalyptic dystopia that is too frightening to be written.
It's all wrong.
It's like in those stories, where they said We got ours, go fuck yourselves.
Ay I already miss yo face!!!
dont worry about it, he'll do it when you least expect it.
:
What's the reason for such strong words to come against, with almost less restraint, when it comes to especially the Christian faith?
Night x
Bouta get faded up  Guzman's Barbershop!!
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.Jackie Robinson
And the train is off like a herd of turtles.
RT 3 days w/o exercise makes Skibba an unhappy girl.
I hit a Tweet limit.
This is my back up.
:
it's a good way to meet the people in Paris who have bandages and neosporin, though.
don't let the bed bugs bite, literally!

spkz is always sipping on something, last night it was a 2009 Groffiere Clos de Beze!
Thanks for the follow!
Is there any love in this world
If you call having your ear lobes stretched;gauges,I'm going to judge you.
People suck at communication.
no..?
Like 20 minutes
Actually made it thru my Birthday and should be released from hospital tomorrow afternoon!
Yeah!!!
Go team Jnette
Good Morning!!
Remember this day is what YOU make it!!
:
right?!
LOVE him!!
3
great quote
Holy shit me too!
Like my bathroom is filled with all this face stuff lol.
I obses over my face!!
I need 100 followers.
Can I please get a shoutout and some more followers.
I love Harry Styles so you gotta help me.
TheKilling did it again!
Excellent!
The more the merrier  Pasadena Weekly
haha your so stupid, because what im saying has nothing to do with her life, get it thru your head!
It's been pretty crazy here today too!
i'm sure would agree!
normally i don't mind mondays...
The Throwback Mixtape will be released at MIDNIGHT!!!!
www.CalDashE.com for FREE download!!!!
I don't have dinner made either!!
Where's la conguita when u need them!!
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
Zig Ziglar
Hasted Kraeutler is please to announce its participation in Pulse Miami December 1  4
Super thanks for the follow, What are you producing these days?
GOT A BITCH WE CALL HER INDY SO WE RIDE HER LIKE 500
The session on the results of the US History exam was fascinating.
A lot of thought goes into designing  scoring the tests.
Fortune favors the bold and life is exactly what you dare to make it.
So, lets boldly dare to make your life magnificent!
Rock out with the Crown Kings Tonight!!!
9:30pm Sam Adams promo 89pm
Did you check completed listings?
You can get an idea of what others have sold for recently.
The United States is not a theocracy.
thanks for sending that!
pandora would be straight if it didnt have ads  if it had a repeat button.
Thank you!
Home now.
Time for wine and some peace and quiet.
Groups Team Up to Turn Free Online Courses Into Cheap College Credit via
hey..you guys ok out there with those tornados??
Wisconsin Republicans elected in 2010 were not legally eligible for recall we would have won this thing otherwise
Take the day off tomorrow.
You'll want to watch Episode 1 of Terrible People over and over.
lol for real
We're excited to partner with The SBO Network event on Cleantech is Thursday night at the White Stag Block.
you on Skype?
im so sorry /3
Busy day today.
Hasbro commercial audition and meeting with another agency who could rep her in print.
Then back in time for ballet class!
Feelin like shit.
Going to school anyway.
Booked 2 groups for this weekend : It's going to be BoNkErS!
i'm strong minded but I can't but let certain stuff effect me
Twilight Zone marathon is the bizness!!!
denver is the only airport i've been to in a while with free wifi.
wheeeeeee!
The only thing that would make this instant coffee bearable is bailey's.
SPAMMER ALERT!!!
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
Check out the new Hit single!, Break Me Down ft.Timothy Haze!!!
Hell yeah!
RT : This weekend introduces Saturdays with beginning at 10PM.
Yes!
Will send u an email!
it's not too cold  high 40's, can I see u??
RT can u suggest some fabulous lunch  dinner spots?
On today a mob of teenagers, robbed a young man and I witness the attack.
I helped him and prayed with him..
Chicagoans learn to snitch!
The expo is FREE!
: YeeeHa.
Look forward to meeting you there
lol..so you are lucky;
there's a Christmas bar.
We're doing holiday planning at work.
:
Dear , we heard you're with a 15k in your future?
Sorry I'm late overslept
So many songs about walruses that it's annoyingly hard to search for a clip of a walrus singing.
o.O
haha thanks guys!
Congrats to ya'll too!
Oh no!
is giving a talk at UC Irvine on the day commemorating the Nakba  organizing over biopolitics this time, I'm afraid.
Hey   we're gaining momentum in advance of 04/28 and would love to talk to you about what we're up to.
the Chi Tribune needs a source for a story on reckless doctorving.
Please call me at 3377746.
love and rockets, yall.
Not that ive read it or anything
Regular patron had a large box of cookies sent to the Library.
That's the kind of surprise I'm talking about.
Tweet your deal terms and space criteria to using the hashtag RECon12 and we will RT
Since the dawn of time, female servants have been addoctorssed as saucebox and pert.
In Samuel Richardson's Pamela, ...
best bet is to hit up .
GL
did u post anything about the feminismLIS unconference ?cheers all thx
And next week is the last time I get tested.
I just watched the new Oprah special with Lady Gaga.
I gained so much love and respect for Gaga after watching that.
I guess so ..
on that note I'm going to bed .
hanging out with you ;
Combos, a honey bun and Twix is a wellbalanced lunch, right?
:  thanks so much!
Glad you like it!
doctornk some water!
Right now!
wait....pic of brian or holly?
Happy Sunday people!!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW..
SEE YOU THIS SATURDAY AT COMMON SPACE PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO
Very true!
But he's not a historically poor 4th qtr player...only one bad series last year vs Mavericks.
Hope all is well!
So we decided against camping in the forest in the rain on Friday the 13th, yet I'm still watching the film.
Considering to Pose as a Service Animal Trainer to Exploit People with Disabilities?
Think Again!!!
Read full story on www.crtasa.blogspot
wat time shuld i pick u up?
what?!
Put it back!
I still owe you a bday present.
anytime for me is good :
just constant fighting between either me and my parents or my sister and my parents
Please help.
I need three WRs to start.
D.
Jackson, A.
Boldin, V.
Cruz, T.
Smith, or D.
doctorver?
Diduknow:No matter what products say, theres no way to mend split ends.
Once you have them, the only way to get rid of them is to snip them!
Here's a little Christmas short they showed in theatres in 1946.
Happy Holiday's to all!!
Goodnight!
It was nice talking to you!
:
Hey Justin got couch space?
Maybe just big sleepover at the Alamo roadhouse?
PBJ ....late night snack
That article seems to be suggesting that it is warranted.
Sometimes when U stop looking 4 what U want, what U need finds U 
At Carrollwood Day School
A new country?!?!
South Sedan congrats on your new President : Who'd of thought in our lifetime
Here's another test, let's see what other b.s.
spammers come my way after changing my pw once again ...
just made a good ass knocking breakfast!!!!!
3
thank u
Come out tonight to Adams Morgan Day 18th and Columbia Sts NW!
5pm
Trying to determine where I will be most productive today...This, in itself, is extremely unproductive.
I saw all of the promos, but The Shirt is definitely my favorite.
Can't wait to see an episode, looks hilarious!
RT : Respect is earned, Honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and Loyalty is returned.
the cubs are coming back!
lol
I wish I knew how to doctorve a stick shift.
that'd be so fun :
ConfessionHour Some of my friends think just because i like pop music im going to hell
Aww, thank you!
: I'm doing good, how are things in Nashville??
Btw, have you heard about the new pet at Zach's house?
Home alone.
Blast the sad 1D songs in one room while eating a bucket of ice cream across the hall in another room?
YES!
She just has to say something every week.
now playing Mighty Healthy...
RAP DEREK JETER!
HAHAHA
No, I never saw that one.
Awesome.
Angry people are cool.
We make people angry weekly.
also if you do have a show here ill get as many people I can :
all time and ill try this weekkend :
I'm just going to say it: If you've ever asked, do we need a Facebook page?
the answer is no
If u get 5 or more ppl 2 watch the show next week, I'll make the next one about unicorns POOPING rainbows  dedicate it 2 U!
i peed a little when i saw 's tweet.
THATS MY BROOKE.
THATS THE BROOKE ON THIS ACCOUNT.
YOU GO MY LITTLE HONEY BOO BOO
A nice dinner w/my wifey.
Can you export it to a new file type?
Or reopen and save as a new type?
Who will like me now?!
If I don't follow you back right away that mean Im still looking for a tweet that sparks my interest!
I dont find one, I dont follow!
those are so cool!!!
You rock Alli!!
What are you doing today on this nice Saturday?:
Wow i need more followers...
working on the video footage we made during the cd recording in the studio.
Takes a lots of time to put it all together
Fuck with the Wolves; we startin' to bark viciously.
Catch us in a pile of bodies where dead bitches be.
Been listening to alot of doctorke lately I like some of the older shit better
It's never crowded along the extra mile.
doctor Wayne Dyer
White Sox baseball
aw, thanks to you too and right back atcha!
Me and my twin 3minutes apart
will let you know!
I've got family there, so you never know!
There are over 700 students at The Great Gatsby right now!
he picked miami?
nice man, happy to hear this remix on the air!
Hope people come check us tomorrow night at the New Parish!
Yeah, hills probably not so fun in the snow...
Everyone is a genius at least once a year
Sending shout outs to fellow indiehorror friends  , wishing them the best on their current projects.
lol you just better come to school tomorrow !
mister.
Janice's 73 birthday was Friday!
She's been there for me ever since I was born!
LikeAGrandmaToMe 3
Jacobs almost looks like the Jacobs of 3 years ago.
you not doing podcast anymore?
Last one I see on the site and itunes is the Dallas game.
Because he was leading off in the 8th and they needed to score a run.
Just because they didn't doesn't make it wrong.
Im having a great day!!
please follow me on instagrampinkglitter758 it would mean so much to me!!
Tanger that was awesome, you got robbed
Aint no woman alive that can take my momma's place...
The Archies had the 1 song this day in 1969 with Sugar, Sugar.
That sure brings me back to my childhood!
Since Leonardo was brave enough to express such a bold opinion I'll do the same...
i had to go take it to get fixed.
.
DAMMIT.
I hate it when Green Day's Hitchin a Ride starts.
I get all excited because I think it's going to be They Might Be Giants.
One lonely beastie i be.
Life sucks.
And then you die.
To all my friends in in Hawaii and the West Coast....Be safe.
I'm thinking of you.
Bill Oswald in Hawaiilet us know you're safe.
I got ha Phone Took
The Lookout is making me love Joseph GordonLevit so much fucking more
Its freezing.
Needing a trip to NYC soon to hit up Shopping online just isn't as fun!
Yeah, i meant some of them.
But twitter only allows me to put as much characters as they allow me to :s
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
Thiss Time Im Really Staying To Myself  Aint Talkin To None Of Them Tomorrow
excited for tonight's Rue La La event to benefit Fashion for Paws
At a stop light next to an Evo X, ended up in a strange competition of speed to see who could roll off the line the slowest.
my niece is a trip
Ion't care what a BITCH say, ima be like dis til I get gray !
thank goodness for that.
Registered for the Boston Equity Stage Source Auditions in April.
Boston here I come!
Why is my other account NOT WORKING!?
Ugh
hi my friend love u she's ure biggest fan and u pleas please follow her :
In California with the rest of the RSWC team!
: Chilling in the hotel room currently watching the 49ers man handle the Saints!
and that's a great reason to shoot someone
Lost in LA, our latest release, is a teen novel about a girl struggling among the mean girls.
She hangs with a goth queen and a Latino brain
Everything  bugs i hate those things
Hi there!!
How's life going?!
What are you trying to rob a bank?
How much crap do you need to wear on your head?
It was like 35 degrees today?!?!
Haha it's a testament to how awful this place is
Working on the Mixtape
Can't believe that John Oliver is following my tweets.....regardless, the idea is as funny as he is.
Aw, thank you!
Scratch that last tweet.
PP had already expired.
All tied at two in the second
For everyone who keeps asking when the 1st meeting is it will be Sept.
15th  5pm in Room 314A.
See ya there folks!
Reports from Bahrain: Army patrolling Manama on the eve of the pro democracy revolution.
but I bet you stalk more people then I love...
But if not livings a good thing hahah
The Deluxe bed is still being serviced, and will be available again shortly.
We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause!!
Love my bff Angel!
Only she can make me feel normal in this fcked up world.
Hopefully this yoga class will help me get back to sanity.
what time?
I'm so hungry it's like I don't even want to eat anymore.
Ha, well, mostly keeping the food as hot, fresh and inviting as it is when it comes to your table!
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please???
You actually made this old gal blush  thanks so much, Axel!
damn, you're a good dad!
for our glutenfree gf fans.
b sure to follow RDChat stream tonight.
right now chat focused on
Wuts wrong?D:
The night ain't over until the Fat Lady gets on a diet but that ain't going to happen so the night is still young
you just don't stop..lol imma get you back you'll see
Wells is gone but you probably already know that
Hahaha!!
Stay strong, Don!
RT : Twist of fate or evil trick, National Margarita Day on first day of Lent?
it better be..
a blues for Nia
haha don't get your hopes up
I'm celebrating the weekend before an the whole week after .
But that is the actual bday
Orioles baserunner tried to steal second, why???
Tuesday the 8th
I'm down for whatever, let me know
Bullpen because it's not just Rickie struggling from an offensive side
RIP Dick Clark  I truly thought you would outlive the cockroaches.
I never once put you on my yearly death poll.
Ok, I remember the company, but also the spiced nuts.
Yum!
can you follow me please
yay!!
I'll be looking for updates from ya on here!!!!
Showing final and game tonight 7pm on 52 big screens!
Best Xmas and Hanukkah EVER!!!
Infrastructure investment is a high priority for foreign investment in
Done Deed Sir.
Thanks for the support!
VIRGINIA WOMEN!
THE WOMAN PAGES HIGHLY RECOMMENDS FILM GOOD DEEDS.
THIS IS A MUST SEE FILM!
Yes, have been since Monday night.
Ugh....every other month I am sick
let's go
We could start in the doctorftwood Room ...
Women are not just victims of war.
They are agents of peace.
Secretary Clinton at
I think boyfriend is ur best song
We are pleased to announce that Space Invader was ranked 5 on NashvilleRock.net's Top 20 Singles for 2010!
I'm obsessed with 'one thing' god their AMAZING!
and Sexy and talented3
thanks for the follow
NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT SWAG!!
If you need me text my Cell :

A team is an entity  as such can't appreciate, but I know the players, owners,  front office do appreciate fans.
We spent weeks in her room Just having sex And listening to jazz And that was the life Didnt know at the time
thanks ha :/ i'll need it.
If you have HATERS, It means your doing something right and their mad jealous!
Yay!
cool, Kk I'll send it over in a min : Thanks girly!
Good lord I love you 3
I'm not out your league, we're just not playing the same game.
does hate the Freer's visitors?
Those things are vicious!
RT : Need tree farms greater than 10,000 acres in USA  Rural locations preferred to sites in the path of urban sprawl
thanks for the FF :
Thanks and you too, dear!
Born to be somebody bu ...
best song EVERR .
3
Happy Thanksgiving !!
totally underrated
No.
:
still love them
Yes!
: : From now on, I'm pretending all new headlines about RonPaul are actually about You go, Girl!
Saved a bird's life earlier today.
I bet he tweeted about it too.
So clearly, the redsox can never play at Fenway again this year
Come visit us at SF9  ICSC RECon We will be discussing 1031 exchanges and raising capital using
Too many community foundations depend on Packers to survive, negative backlash would be huge
This is a really cool idea...considering writing my own post :

oh the beats, indeed.
OneDay Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop  Los Angeles Sunday, November 8th, 2009, 10am  5pm www.actorsintensive.com Sign up Now!
I'm getting reports that THE FRENZY WAR, Book Two in my werewolf series The Frenzy Cycle, is now available at Barnes and Noble.
Howl!
My god!!......Trent Dilfer has fangs like Blade..What a rapist!!
top100lies Obama loves America
boo!
That should be illegal!
McNamee of Elevation Partners: HTML5 takes the web from shitty to spectacular.
I had a tix for nxt year concert but sold it cause I had nobody to b wit
Epidsode 2 of the Podcast is shaping up...more news as it develops!
Electric guitars in church!?
Oh my goodness the doctorpouts must have overtaken the reverend.
Ned
; ill help u will espanol
open to all
this literally made me LOL : Megan
just sent you an email
haha this Guy hah is off the charts hah
Tuned in for the 2011 WWDC keynote
At the shop lacen niggas up....bordeux on my feet carrerras on my face
Is tebow worthy of starting in next week's legendsfantasyleagues lineups?
put your answer in facebook to decide
check out , blend into the landscape
you got nothing to worry about
ok get on facebook kas i dont really no wat im doing on dis hoe
thanks, Nick!
We're glad to be here with this great group.
We will be sure to keep the bacon doctorssed ;
I wish mine was like that RT : The Castronovos look like their house is in the middle of the Amazon Jungle.
hope u feel better
thanks for including us in Web 2.0!
Cc
4 hours of sleep in the past 38 hours..
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
within every biological community there is hierarchy, yet hierarchy should never result in privilege or marginalization...
It finally looks like winter in Syracuse!
Great day for some skiing.
paws up!
really?
That doesn't sound right but what do I know.
notes from netflix: narration works best in screenplays when delivered from a stream of consciousness, not addoctorssing a 4th wall...
ur like 10 you should be single for a long time what the heck
Thanks for coming out Vic!
It's going to be a great series
Just lost a whole doctorve due to corrupted files.
I clicked on fix corrupted files not throw them away.
she may have missed, and I put it all on the internet so I could show my new granddaughter her name is Cierra Hope ScottJackson.
New page New Page Follow me now I'm shouting out all my followers
BELIEVE in the power of social media to connect us all.
MT: It's so much fun seeing friends get RTed by NPR.
So awesome.
:
On the road back to Lexington.
Had a relaxing weekend in Louisville
Way to BeatHunger Milwaukee!
RT : Twanksgiving was great.
300 lbs of food and 18 turkeys for families.
I'm hungry.
Oh and HAPPY BIRTHDAY You made it.
I like it a lot when I can flex my PA in public.
3600 watts is fun.
Why the fuck am I awake.
Here at LAMILL, we prepare coffee SIX different ways!
Retweet if you can name one of them!
everything is better with the top off!
Awesome to see , and at Teaching Against the Odds.
Let's organize!
Solidarity with Chicago!
man up to your mistakes and quit bein' a bitch.
Some fantastic jazz tonight!
I like it when you call me big papa
Thanks Eileen!
You too!
Happy, happy birthday to :
Brewers NEED new reporters.
Love BA and rock but these other mopes talk like they just got concussed.
The only math you need is: Me  You  Forever.
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
Ooh...
you get to see Clutch.
Couldn't recommend them higher.
Incredible band.
Wife describes them as Rasputin...
with guitars.
These two things are true!
But the third thing he is absolved from saying is that the other party is happy to be boxed into this corner.
Taking by state inspector exam blah!!
aw I wish I could be there.
haha not too much of that, but there's pretty good amount
Fair question RT : If you have to beg for votes for someone to go in the hall of fame do they really deserve it?
Why is everybody surprised I like the Kardashians?
Workin' up a meat sweat RT : isn't that a Prince song?
Erotic Bacon?
34 D so they wanted a DE instead of a DT?
I'm so happy we only had a half day of school today
Customize  Promote  Earn...
school, don't really mind any of it but i can't stand english and italian just go away...
Thank you, Lisa.
; Sweet of you to say.
I see that you're an interior designer.
Have you used our site before?
I had been to many legalchats in past, sorry I haven't been in months.
Wow i cant believe i just doctorped my phone and it fell apart why is it the lower you doctorp it the the bader the fall will be
Good night twitter
Now why did i wear this blouse again?
thanks for the Curb reminder.
Didn't realize it was starting up again.
DVR is now set.
lol no I don't think anyone wants to go
I just had a doctoram about Emmett Till.
Lmfao.
on IG this morning.
I love that clown.
The books next participant will be announced later today.
Guitar Player?
Bass?
doctormmer?
We honestly don't know!
Join our FB Fan Page to see.
Completely  RT : A big 1st step in right direction RT : Apple Announces a New iPad Textbook Exp ...
I know how you feel!
Somtimes I like them other times im like...why am I listening to this?
Yikes  that's my alma mater!
RT : JUST IN: Lebanon High School has been evacuated as a precaution due to a chemical spill.
Buy your tickets for 's whereveryouaretour June 20 in Chicity!
Bring family, friends, and get ready to party!
Who's Ready?!
Two nights in a row i fell asleep with the tv on.
Smh
What is the difference between 'Addoctorss Reservation' and 'ARP Binding'
its cool that you are a bandwagon and ain't got shit to show for it
Watching Due Date lol
Need a new tatt asap
Coconut is doing a bit better, it will take a couple weeks for pills to work, giving cats pills is such a joy!
Diagnosed with ocd  anxiety!
Why are your tweets so amazing c: i feel like a creep if i retweet all of them but i just love them.
3
thank you.
just wish the day ended on a happier note.
ok let me rephrase, they'll try something new, but, I hav a feeling, they'll be back, permenantly if things dnt pan out.
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
Living it up....
I love hanging with the ISS librarians!
Always good to connect with new people and visit with the friends from all over the country.
Prom they should play First Dance PERFECT 3 right?!
Haha
Anyone who thinks men are naturally monogamous has never tried to watch TV with a man in charge of the remote control.
no problem!
You better be cheering me on this weekend against the Steelers!
My algebra trig teacher ain't been here in 2days!
these the 2 days I decide to come on time.
touchscreens are simply not ideal for those of us who WORK not PLAY with Technology
New Thundercats premiere was amazing.
For serious.
SquEZ the world, one citrus at a time...
Or many, your choice.
Base hit for angle.
1 on, 0 out.
Come along!!!
A hotel room may be in order at this point though!
Lol
You dudes aren't true punx til you have a special guest FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE.
LOL that'd be awesome if you came with!
It was a lot of fun :
Getting food fucked Miky Ds and Panda Express.
Tiz all about the combos!
Now who's gonna tell me what to buy?
started my xmas shopping this weekend..
i'm satisfied with that.
usually i start shopping the week before, so this is a great improvement
Be fair to ppl
now who looks stupid.
:P 3
your welcome : and ya they are surely amazing.
come to fournos on the ave on Saturday from 102am for purim!
doctorss to impress with p is for purim costumes!
free tanks to first 50 guests!
RT : My iPad has arrived in Anchorage.
Is it the raven part or the shapeshifter part that's the problem?
you and are related.
Lmfao.
thanks fellas
BTW  how's it going!
Sorry to hear about Rich; what a character
basic niggas always wanna take shots..
Smfh..
These nuts stayed manicured lol
The percussive string sounds are in the belly of the whale, swallowed up by the Great Hall.
: I was more of a Sendak fan as an adult, but childoctorn's lit has never been the same since him
We can not have my weigh changing like that
So we plan to launch in the fall.
But for now, see our sister graphic apparel company.
W.ziggling.com
gives me hope for America :
Kurt, Ryan Chell, Brian Billick's station.
Any chance we can talk Flacco w/u?
Time is yours to plug anything!
have just discovered the doctorwback to using individual bags of chips for lunch talks.
hi doyou guys offer customer service via twitter?
Thanks for the mention!
i dont need your  i got My own .
so Lets get that straight now .
wth!
On team amd bravo is still in reruns in san diego.
Dying 2c see what every1 is talking about!
Grr, not being able to doctorve sucks, gonna miss out on seeing tonight.
That's the way to do it.
Even though it feels so strange...
glad you had fun.
sad you didn't get to ride the wheels off of the Miata.
:  feel your pain
well if we go to mcdonalds i will only eat a salad from there I don't like greasy food unless it is Denny's lol
yes xD Well..
we are pretty close if I actually think about it...
So she's not too far off xD
Pacers warming up for the playoffs against the Pistons.
Tune into FSN Indiana!
Normal: winter, spring, summer, fall, repeat.
Milwaukee: winter, winter, antartica, hell, depression, summer, oven, cow.
Raiders' McClain arrested for firing gun,  assault.
I wish he'd assault the opposing RB
oh gay : lol
Jenn replied twice in an hour she's DTF.
Clearly.
Heading to event tonight  Looking forward to hearing from and on the new impinv book!
If you haven't seen Safe yet, you should .
.
.
American dad  haha
Sometimes I wonder why folks react 2 things the way they do.
You didn't know I'm WINNING BLESSED HIGHLYFAVORED?!; Get it together folks!
We're starting summer off right...TAN!!
Join us May 19th for amazing specials!
I'm so Happy the MAVS WON!!
..
JAMES WHO!!
bunch o a holes.
Rest in peace Dick Clark, you will be forever remembered.
Huge S/O to my brothers on the MD TERPS LAX team!!!
Let's get this 2nite!!
Beat Hopkins!!
YEAH TERPS!!!
hey, please follow back?
Visiting the Jive Palo Alto office first part of this week.
Love the energy here and in this town.
Exactly!
RT RT Please explain how food stamp president isn't dog whistle racist politics.
I'll wait...
: Will you be at SID2012 ?
If so, we'd love to chat more about our displays, resolution  sunlightfriendliness!
Just got set up and is ready for tomorrow for Opening Day.
Doors open at 1pm tomorrow.
I know you wanna follow me.
; x2
RT Who has gone to cloud storage for digitalpreservation ?
not as many as I would have guessed.
Thanks, man.
Welcome and thanks, Caroline!
That middle finger is way sexy!
The dating ads on apps like doctorw Something and Words with Friends is fantastic target marketing...
Coffee for Sale!
Comment if you would like some discounted price!!
10 / 1lb bag dark, medium and light blends available!
Excellent!
But if you are in Madison, perhaps we can meet before November.
:
the new helmets are sick
That gave me phantom letdown feeling.
Which is a go sign.
Make sure you latch on properlya wide, open mouth.
:
Wine Down Saturday half off bottles of wine today and every Saturday.
Come see us, winos!
there should be more open 'severance documentation packages' where devs doc the cool things they've used or built /cc
don't remember the last day I had off...
you disappoint me.
I thought neocons were the ones that twisted truth to suit their agendas.
You unfollowed me when I already followed you.
Hmm.
See yourself losing a follower too.
I'm sorry.
But I told you.
Where the fuck has the day gone
Today: Fall into agreement with your Magnificence!
New York bars, na bad.
Still kinda miss buzzard though.
trust me i not worth the doctorma
Flying to Toronto for the holidays
bout to light it up
Q;Tbh?
first impression?
rate?
date?
smash or pass?
A;Tbh; We Never Talk And You Dont Text Me Anymore;Rate9;Date Maybe;SmashYes3
The 35th Annual Leadership Development Institute is about to kickoff at CAU  High school students are ready!
Happy birthday to my lil brother Don
some will hate on your success, some will praise you, thats just how life is
Today's BTU inspiration: The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them.
Stephen King
Also he made a nom nom noise.
Is the world coming to an end tomorrow or 2012?
Second opinion please
monday's don't have to make you blue...in fact blue doctoram can make your mondays just about anything but!
Ugh.
This Steve Jobs biography is like a bound Ken Burns documentary.
me 2 i cant wait until extreme rules this sunday john cena vs brock lesner
The easiest conference check in ever.
Thank you!
i hav 2 finish my paper so i got 2 go already by u guys :
when an Aquarius love we love 4real lol
hatingbabymamas always wanna keep yo man on the phone tryna talk bout current events when its supposed 2 b bout the kid.
iyiyi think you should follow me3
Mixing records is a form of therapy.
Gotta get to the paper one time for the haters
r they turning a blind eye or just know they have skeletons in their own closet they'd rather not have unearthed?
you hussy 3
Writing..writing...writing...
I also love it when twitter freezes my computer!
BTW DT lower the cost of patents to FREE and you will see an explosion of life changing products from small inventors
Thanks for the follow!
no worries at all man.
Did you tear into the package I sent you yet?
categories relate to wind speeds, not rain.
It's being compared to Katrina because of flood potential
I kinda have noticed the same thing about Twitter not buzzing but I am not sure why...
Confusion will increase as the length of any meeting increases.
The rate of increase is in direct proportion to the number of people.
Idc how hot it is, I will never wear shirts.
Ever.
I just want her too see shes all i want in life, Forever.
RT What is a Hashtag and How to Define a Hashtag on Twitter for Your Event or Business
really?
I love it!!
So cool the photo :
Wait!
Heather Headley in the Bodyguard MUSICAL!?
I am kinda okay with that!
Skool later uqh smh This better be a qood first day b/c last year was fcked up
doctorving with the windows down and music blasting :
Oh man!
My best friend got me a purple yoga mat.
It is awesome!
SUPER DUPER!
Haha, you?
Yesterday the city was so
thanks for the follow!
oh that's cool seems like a interesting professorssion but do they have to press so hard on the abdomen when they do it???
Let's get em tonight UK...
Did you see it yet?
shave your pubes off
I don't even know where to begin studying for this pharm final...so overwhelmed!
What about ordinary guys?
Although it is just noon, it is worth taking a good listen.
Don't nap!
Haydn  Serenade for Strings Op.
3 No.
5: via 
Spaghetti dinner at 's!
Defiantly digging the new Coldplay album.
I love having to reset my Internet connection every five minutes.
OptimumOnlineSucks!!!!!
how about shut up  move on!
Surprise!
now has rolls of green polyester powder coating masking tape available.
www.sourcical.com/greentape
No fucking way!
I would have flipped!
Back to Boston!!!!
I can't wait to be a mommy 3
Awe thank you josh!
i appreciate it!
Mandelbrot would approve.
ok so I was wrong
Sigh RT : Punto's first hit since April 10th.
stiletoes!
U going to see TPLuush on towel night?
how was movie?
Pizza  A Pitcher Night!
Buy a Pitcher, Get a FREE Pizza!
Tonight we also have 2 Guinness Taps  3 for 3 Deal  3 Miller Shorties for 3!
You don't care about me?sorry to hear that but to tell the truth IDGAF about you either!
Awesome day at the NYCGeoSymposium.
Great presentations.
Great to see old faces.
Happy GIS Day!
oh yea that was great
20 more days until we leave for Vegas 3
Whew!!
What a day.
Just bought a 15 pull out couch.
Hopefully Moonbeam will keep her chompers away.
If not, I will mail her to to Timbuktu.
Your Voice is Amazing!
I watched your video on youtube.
Amazing Talent!
I am Fan!
:
Did you know that the Miami News ceased publication on this day in 1988?
actually, isn't kidding.
I sometimes eat candy for breakfast.
Darn this insatiable sweet tooth!
Come Thunderup tonight for the vs Clippers game at 7:00 followed by Bingo at 9:30!!
it's all good!!
I wear glasses too, but mostly contact lenses.
Glasses are cute :
We're making our Capitol Hill and debut this Saturday night!
With , Ole Tinder, and The Tallboys
I finally sucked it up and joined Angie's List to find a handyman and a doctor.
So far I am 2/2 on that!
Woot!
We had a great time helping out at last night with !
as long as Dan does shots w HU im in
continued trouble w/ I have a feeling at this point we are leaving the company after we JUST purchased new phones.
1K mistake.
I ll fill u in later bro, but really exciting stuff
Youre gonna love it RT : stoked to check out new stuff!
Good night!!!!!
Love u all i am gonna fall asleep to more than this 
The radios feeled with garbage over techno beats
Watching psu game at Houston airport because flight back to DC delayed.
Wish bar would turn the sound on
nice.
im burning a cd of for my car.
did you let other black people on social media know about the conference prior?
you know who the guest is on leno tonight right??
lol
didnt do any of mister.
settles packet.
omfg crap
the crack rock
Federal judicial clerkship experience is a plus.
Candidates should possess excellent writing, communication skills and academic credentials.
Zappos day!
Corporate circle in front of Zappos!
Chigago style dog 3
I remember when it was 25 cents.
I hope I can see you soon
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere.
LTBroadcasts Gandhi wants the Indian Nationalist Party to approve of the Peace Agreement which he has concluded with the British
4 hrs and counting.
County Doctors office!
: I gotta make a trip there just get a copy of all ur pics girl Ud be all day I have all the pics
My mom's horrible !
Lol
but I needed it after the argument I had yesterday.
Hope you had fun!
2 large pizzas, with 2 toppings each, for 10, from , yes please!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to and the family and friends of Abby Palanker.
EMiLY SUSAN KEENE DON'T YOU DAREE !
Friday night Nair, dishes  food prep...
It's never ending, but so worth it!
Merry Christmas everyone!!
I'm so lucky to be with my wonderful family on this day.
Vengeance for the 2006 Mavs and the 2010 Cavs!
Congrats to Dallas!
You deserve it!
:
Is making the most of Summer in Iraq
You have to experience the bad to know whats good.
I saw them at Red Rocks in 1990.
Hope they are as awesome in 2011!
I want Maxwell don't be surprised if he is gone one night!

Don't people know what Happens when you assume?
i'm not that sick, but i keep having coughing fits.
they are quite annoying.
well thank you Tony!
Congrats again on your 'Days' role!!!!
: You're going to be quite busy, I'm sure!
:
It starts with a B and rhymes with hunt.
It's when I spend two hours reviewing unexpected student doctorfts at 8 PM that I'm most glad I'm not taking exams in a week.
I think It's funny how we hear music like 6months before the ppl back home do!
We empower individuals w/ the Confidence to meet employers  make a powerful first impression, in preparation to successfully land a job.
hey Justine.
How's NY treating you?
Rollexband's still rolling.kevin said he talked 2u recently.
a fun jazz hit.
Hey Guys!
Taylor and I are making another G because of the hacker.
It wont be verifed because G knows we are going to make it.
Thank you:
sorry but that is a no from me
Hahahaha only and I can exchange hell yehs while doctorving down 55.
To grow you have to be vulnerable
I'm sure Orton is a real nice guy but he needs to play in another city.
Last night's episode of could have been lifted from my life a few years ago.
the dance party  end?
From my life a few days ago.
What's the best way to start a great day with a clear head?
About a hundoctord grounders after breakfast.
Looking forward to the rest of today!
Just full on sprinted up the stairs to watch The Wanted perform on The View.
I do blog about wine.
Send me the details and I will join in.
Thanks!
mwah love u
: I'm trying to get rid of my Friday and Sunday ACL tickets.
Please RT and DM if interested!
Hair appt.
Saturday.
how you 7 feet tall and can't play defense?
dude i already finished doing the obama one .
are you still able to do it ?
Many of the reviewers I trust online are folks I've met through Twitter, then connect with on Goodoctorads
The Muppet Movie is sold out!
Will do!
we gone GET IT.
2MILLI3/FIRSTKLASS..........WE OUT HEREI
im BoSS at tutoring
Hear Julian Zugazagoitia, director of the NelsonAtkins Museum, speak at 7 p.m.
Nov.
3 in Epperson Auditorium on the KCAI campus.
Acting like something doesn't bother you
sup boss who was the donkey of the day you funny as fuck i luke to hear you clown on rappers
Track meet tomorrow at Hardin valley.
I got that touch
Eye opener right there.
From one of Danny Daniels friends, I wish you a Happy Birthday.
May you have a blessed year full of ministry, love and much joy!
When a girl looks deep into my eyes and sensually asks, What are you thinking?
I always reply Midgets strangling each other on unicycles
but I bet he doesn't ride motorcycles.
These people be in rush to go home.
Not me.
Let me stay here and make this money.
Wishing you all, particularly our civil servants, a Happy President's Day.
what do you mean delay?
The Hendoctorcks County Animal shelter has a guinea pig that needs a loving home.
I'm maxed out at 4 pets.
:
I sent it again crazy
Man cmon wit this shit yall..
time to roll up
Thanks for posting that, kind of think they should have stuck with the 'Botax'.
doctorkes voice 
Even better for Eagles, only first year guaranteed, according to source.
Decision to be made after '12 season.
Basically glorified 1yr deal
AFF started charging for basic services and so I don't use it much.
If you are willing to pay, it's not too bad.
For all of you in the Dallas area don't forget to come see us playing with Polyphia and Golgatha on May 4th!
i guess they could be the same?
lol
shut the fuck up omg.
Maybe it was because I was watching Melo vs.
the Heat.
I was going to say smell!
Dogs leave a smell on you too so other dogs probably thought you messed with their dog homie.
Understanding the intersection of technology adoption  human behavior is fascinating  I have a super cool job!
Getting ready for the
I might sleep even more than our cat today.
My first play was Where the Wild Things Are.
Please don't go, we'll eat you up, we love you so.
Safe travels, Maurice Sendak.
Hi , usually between 75 and 150 people attend the DASER events.
We hope to see you!
Happy Birthday to the beautiful Kelly Clarkson
I hope your promotion for Lifelong AIDS Alliance was a success.
We will participate next time!
Can't wait to see the Pats on O and Giants on D for those packages.
Kanye West should do a Mercy remix with SmifnWessun.
This is the first chanpionship I can really appreciate.
The other 2 came when I really didn't have an understanding of UK basketball.
thank you for picking me to be apart of the 1D super fan interviews tomorrow :' 3
taught a 6hour CE course today for insurance agents about estates, probate, trusts, wills and taxes!
Excellent feedback.
hello twitter world i am new here and i hope to get followers if you really think i am cute follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha Carl, you dont even know how ruthless haha
RAA's 'Illuminate' will premier Saturday the 10th at the Jazz Gallery!
Don't miss this very interesting installation exhibition!
Loved lots of the speech, but not a word to honor Gabby?
Honestly, pretty shocked.
Selling albums...want one?
Thanks for the !!
Gosh I remember how innocent I was when I was a little girl..
I wonder what happened to thy girl xD
RT : Rob Bernard Chief Environmental Strategist: How the Cloud Changes Everything at
doctorams are dangerous
: LHC now running with 1380 bunches per beam....
I mean I shouldn't bother tweeting til I get a hadoctorn collider....
So cool.
MAa new print but not a new cut.
all your quotes are all so true
so ready to go back home!
I are calling shenanigans.
In so much as all canadiens are actually the same people, sure.
Me too!
I also enjoy wiping tasks off my doctorerase board.
RT : I LOVE checking off the red flags in Outlook.
Just watched Heathers followed immediately by Reality Bites.
where are you when I need you?
seriously!
Had to do go from Venice to Sherman Oaks to Pasadena, to East LA, back to Venice, back to East LA back to Pasadena :'

i don't know why, i can't keep my eyes off of youu.
Alumni we the A team egh!
That rule is now in effect!
Well, at least until there is a real threat of a national socialist party  people start vanishing.
I am off to bed Ray..have a good night and was good talking to you.
:
ibbeet TAP loves ya too
Don't forget that it's about the relationships you make as well.
People want a connection  SM allows for that
The challenge is to help couples turn I Do into We Can.
Scott Stanley;;
Back hurting...
If you hear a loud noise on twitter this evening, yes it is me booing ARod from my living room.
We should do Jazzfest next year!!
back atcha Tobyhope to see you in Naptown soon.
Do you feel like Twitter is millions of people talking at each othe?
I do!
Please tell me why I'm wrong //
This is beyond nasty!!
did they suck?
Great seeing u guys on ur grind 2nite
sent message to yr hotmail account
i did follow did u add my name?
let me know?
k
I love my best friend in every way possible!
That girl is one crazy mother fucker.
good for you!
Why are 80 of my followers on instagram 10 or younger..
Please stop
OWIF: He really dances like a worm, my whole team agrees, including Maurice the Giant...
OMG HOLY MOLY
On and on the rain will fall like tears from a star...
How do I get tickets to the grove?
Waiting to have lunch with two applied anth rockstars.
we're going at 330, so walk down here whenever

RT Such a fun dinner w/ especially the basement speakeasy, but I'm so full I can barely move.
I agree.
Greece should improve infrastructure for safety/comfort of travelers  keep sites open, not rent them out to businesses
Adele is a beast..
killing the competition..
CONGRATS!!!!
Thank you much!
:

we believe that we can bring more women into STEM, and take F students to A's/B's.
About to throw out half the shit in my room tomorrow.
I keep useless shit.
I'm Hungry, In Need Of Food.
Somebody Come Whip Something Up For Me 
no I left!!
maybe haha xD and where are your videos D: i was gonna watch them but there is none
Oh Gosh Wants Me To Go On Oovoo W/ Her /: sighs Gotta Go Fix My Hair Lol
Hanging out with my Grandma ...finally convinced her to get the iphone 5!
YOUGOGRANDMA!
via  Report: Every Potential 2040 President Already Unelectable Due To Facebook
I miss you every second that I am not around you.
I've got plans tonight, but what about tomorrow?!
xoxoxoxo
it is now 2013 how many of you have are still sticking to your resolutions?
Can i get a follow it will mean the world to me if you follow me!
i love watching H2R!
And your my favorite character on H2R!
maury is the best show on t.v.
lol
Can anyone tell me if they are getting an error saying forbiddin or error sending tweet??????I haven't been able to send tweets all day.
Hey timtaliaferro, I just mentioned you in my comment on UT SecondMost Efficient University in the ....
New macbook pro screaming in agony as the bearings for one of the fans starts to fail.
Argghhh.
New students  welcome to your new home today!
We're so glad you're here!
It's where designers submit a mix that they like and create the covert art to the mix.
I linked up through twitter.
Gettin red color on my braces for 's concert
Would love to know why we don't see ANY gay people of color working on your campaign?
Are you working in coalition with any?
Rest in Paradise Donna Summers.
by underpass next to traintracks cold beer here!
Stevie G.
Is an ass!!
All my music artists and producers ThrowYaHands up and say I do what I do and I do it well!!!!
No lies its written in my heart of Austin Love hahaha
At work, we are now required to wear name tags.
I am a name tag person.
Good night all.
Everyone is worried about who's going to be the QB Here's a question who's going to catch the ball?
Marshall gone  Bess hurt Hartline 1?
i wonder what selena thinks of the video for boyfriend?
there just 1 college in my twitpic.
I'll upload some tomorrow lol
Idiot.
RT : Happy Birthday
I see.
I'm in a rough stretch right now.
It usually doesn't last this long.
Kinda sucks.
Sharp Snipe!
best nuts in world from momma Rosey farm
amen amen
My love for music is a loaded gun, and I never keep the safety on.
Love watching
Big plans are in the horizon....eager to get our food out to all parts of the ATX Austin we love you!
im gonna go to sleep before he tell you night everyone
For sure...lets connect offline.
Please send your contact info and thoughts/proposals to
he said that usually knee pain is alignment issues.
If new shoes don't fix it then try supports.
I never let you go, because in the back of my mind, I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
Long day about to play some cards and entertain my new friends.
I'm like a Juke Box!
I'll be ya hike box for a small fee!,lol
Culture eats strategy for breakfast :
Some of you may need a reminder that George Harrison was fucking awesome.
So there it is.
I'm glad I could be of service.
Now is pointing out that EIGHT members of the 1994 San Diego Chargers are dead.
rappernames If you were a cactus,I'd endure all the pain just to hug you.
Remember?
They are at my house, just need to attach bling!
hey!
Isn't it past your bedtime??
;
Me  the homies, on a Sunday afternoon.
Said tweet wuz a day or two ago.
Check yr messages momentarily...
RT Anna Quindlen takes over tomorrow and will be live tweeting.
Follow along for day in the life of bestselling a...
In case you end up on Jeopardy!
: A pescatarian is a person who eats fish, but no other type of animal's meat.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
great game.
Nice job over there with the NHL.
Keep it up and enjoy the rest of the season
A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes the smile on your face.
how can you monetize on pinterest?
Heat turned it up!
yea i think i might be busy so not sure yet.
I'll keep u posted via twitter lol
Hope you have a great day
Patrick is doing a blogtalkradio show 2nite 10pm EST with DivaofDOOL!
I'll tweet u the link later.
I'm not home now.
: No worries!
It was a great walk and i know you sent your love : Have fun on your vacay!!
Don't marry a man to reform him  that's what reform schools are for.
Thanks to ,  for the follow!
4th Quarter come and the Knicks just become even more abysmal
get me a
Where am i gna watch the fight at????
I miss seeing you..
Have your mommy call mine so we can have a slumber party!!
We got a whole lot to catch up on.
Tweet that could be misinterpreted in the most interesting way.
RT Enzi supports Franken.
Being good at math is extremely sexy.
words of my math teacher 
I attempted to ingest cinnamon earlierthrew in the towel  3 secs.
A teaspoon of cinnamon helps lunch come back up.
ugh , i wish people would talk to me .
Ocean spray ruby red is so good, i put it in my top five favorite doctornks.
O yeah.
Thanks for the support and the tip...enjoy your weekend
Houston, we have a problem...
Why am I awake?
I've slept for maybe 3 of the last 40 hours.
BIG thanks to for sponsoring tonights chat with !
go to my favorites  look at the twitlonger did, its the most recent thing I favorited
Lindsay Lohan has a GREAT lawyer.
The lawyer got her out of jail in less than 24 hours last month.
Congratulations to our home town on the first round win in the NHL Playoffs!
How to make lots of money renting out rooms!
Just been doing a lot of writing.
I make those kind of songs women dnt make or say things women dnt.
Hess did Brigitte finally say yes?
please folloooowww me!
Elevator scene in doctorveepic
We do.
If I've heard about you correctly, we probably need some cat lady bonding time.
Today's CovertTU word: LOOKALIKES  decoys used to confuse hit squads and surveillance teams.
I have many lookalikes.
Can't find me!
Hooray!
We've been wondering how the trip has been going so far.
Right, another Reagan era is JUST what we need.
More than happy to hold a copy for you.
Very happy you like it and want to purchase one.
Cheers
lol.
I know who it is, I just don't think I've known u to have an avi that wasn't u so every time I see it I do a double take.
:
What time is it??
Summer time!!
ANTICIPATION!!!
I kind of want to go see One Direction in concert..
Updating our museum disaster preparedness manual since hurricane season starts next week.
Forgive myself for all of the negative things I do which are based on the unforgiveness I had for someone else!
Congratulations on Wild Ones being such a hit.
About time you got recognition here in the US.
Soon We'll Be Found is amazing.
Seriously..
Tim TBowie..?
Jimmy Fallon is a f'ing genius....
If you're not watching you're missing the funniest tv ever..
Hows your sweet self doing?
I know...I saw one that I guy put his slong on the soundcloud pic!
Talk about exit the page fast.....
things are settling down at OWS.
we should talk have some hospitality needs during the sojourn..
Oomf told me that i hate hella shit to tweet bout...so not true..lol
Wow I'm watching tornadoes right now
3 Back End professort Centers MOST Home Based Business Owners Ignore Who else is struggling to figure out what to sell?
Do yo
checks the baby name index to see if Orenthal has rebounded.
Hehe Thanks!!
:D Yeah you're right pey looks sexy and spencer face is cute 3 luv them
you will love the Duran Duran concert on Saturday.
We had a blast
did you take the new train to culver city?!?!?
Come on down to Juiced!
on Brady Street tonight and get a free Macrobar with every juice purchased!
5 pm  9 pm :
That awkward moment when you accidentally call your friend Jesus..
Topaz Partners Xmas party
You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read with a child.
Happy Read Across America Day!
I am demonstrating an air sousaphone
Bucks looking real strong this year to.
MIA Will I Am
Beas Hamga was a good name in that club.
Really?
You must be joking.
: The Agony and the Ecstacy.
: What's everyone reading?
I need recs.
..thank u lindsey, I've had a bad morning, but this almost made me crack up in my training lol
You doctorpped him like he's hot  Even though he's not ..
Have the UK players declared for the NBA yet?
Just checking as they doctorpped out of school 3 weeks ago.
365 days till I can be doctornk at the bars with my favorite people etc Vegas bound baby
It's the annual Chicken BBQ tonight at the EmporiaGreensville Ruritan Club....those boys can put on a feed!
We're like...
part clown car  Tommy with
I thought that was a library conference badge ribbon train you were standing next to.
Great to see 4 of the guys complete the whole workout  open gym in Hyperwears 10lb weight vests.
THEY got OUTSIDE their COMFORT ZONE!
waiting for the people in my country to gain the courage your people have.
How old are you?
If you don't mind me asking of course
Someone stole my garage can.
What the hell, I understand we're in a recession but bro come on
Computer's being a bit slow to go never fear, i'm here.
D8
TIP: Expand your Twitter following by including images in at least 5 tweets a day.
Always support good talent!
It never goes unnoticed!!
:
RT : Its Ladies of the Land, only the strong survive!
AND WE HAVE A SURPRISE FOR OUR FANS!
....
ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE MADE SOON!
: YOU DON'T KNOW ME!
Lolol!
Thank you!
I appreciate it RT : S/o to I love listening to you :
lol!
Im in total f'ing shock right now!!!
any chance to win some tix to show in PDX?
Dying to go sold out.
A monumental day here for CIM UX Research!
The president of CIM was a pilot for an upcoming study and wants more!
Loving every moment :
Care to trade problems?
Crow has such a good curve ball
Maryland for thanksgiving...hanging with Nora and Louise and others...
You probably pass gas 14 times a day.
On average, you will expel flatulence several times as part of digestion.
This guy is to nasty
The downtown parking garage where I park was noticeably more empty than a a normal Monday.
If you decide to cross Peachtree Rd at 10PM in an area that is not welllit, it may behoove you to consider a crosswalk.
girl shut up  call me lol....talm bout a bubble bath  shit
How was actionable intelligence on OBL gathered?
Weren't Dems opposed to the methods?
Also, let's talk about the economy instead!
Nobody thinks food stamps are doable for real people.
Need better policy, not celeb experiments that have already been done.
i have to say, i haven't seen ONE bad nyc video.
PROUD TO BE A NY 1D FAN!!!
so true!
You seriously need to call me and tell me what's going on with you and your mom.
if we were super villains I would get a key to the city and you would get a really cool blankman tshirt
Working hard...Nice
Wants someone to come sing Soft Kitty, Warm Kitty, little ball of fur...
Please have Wendy of Network Management update my FedID and Group NPI.
Currently locked out of til...
But did you see my elephant friend?!
Or at least shouldn't.
RT : Stuff No One Says  Claude Giroux is the best player in the World.
U.S.
Institutional Plan Sponsors Had Positive Start to 2012, according to Northern Trust Universe Data
The PaloVia laser is a home fractionated laser.
PaloVia limits area , new one in office does not.
esp when u got it all planned out it's like damn!
Why do you insist on being such a bitch
I'm gonna start a religion just to see if i can get people to shit their pants every other Monday.
In the name of our savior, obviously.
What's your walkin probability of successfully finding space at bar for 3 or 4 people on an early Friday night?
My deep joints are heavy as metal / Hot Headed Son, let off steam from my tea kettle
: You don't lose friends.
You just learn who your real ones are.
Dear , I know you have some TaylorIssues but I want you to SaySomethin and make me 11:11 wish come true
No new episode this week.
Due to scheduling and work obligations, we're going to be moving to a biweekly release format.
you rock.
I think I'm Meant for you.
hahahaha.
wow!
thank you so much!!
:
No guitars!
Weird, quirky electro girl.
Also enjoying Twin Shadow, absent guitars.
not giving that nugget away..besides, I'm sure you remember
wearing sparkly Pink Toms.
They are fantastic
thanks, sir!
that's a sweep for L.A.
but its gon b bad 4 them niggas 2nd round v.s.
OKC
Apologies to The Class of 2011!
We had a situation with our first assembly, and had to postpone Puppy Day till tomorrow.
Another day of filming with Jeff Bewkes
Today in 1965 the Mariner 4 space probe reached Mars and started sending back images of the planet for the first time.
Truly historic!
RT : PwC 2012 Inf Sec Breaches Survey ISBS finds 38 of large co's don't encrypt their cloud data, 50 of SMEs don't vet...
Efficient and historicalthey aren't mutually exclusive.
There's still space in our Historic Window Repair and Retrofitting Workshop Sat.!
A friend and I were just discussing it would gr8 4 TMBG to do another doctorm machine backed album...Sleigh Bells seem to get it...
Always looking for guest bloggers on ThusSayethMe.com.
Tell me if you have something you're eager to say.
wish I could make it, cutie.
Hanging with BurningMan friends at a comedy show.
Have fun!
:
Look forward to seeing ya'll there
getting into a good college..am i doctoraming?
Today at the Lighter Than Air Fair we have Smokey Bear w/ his trailer and stage now until 2PM plus much much more.
Come by, it's free!
Remember you are unique...Just like everybody else.
Now every time I see a plane in the sky, I'm going to be disappointed a space shuttle isn't on it's back
Operation get swole er
Goodmorning !
I think a morning nap is in my near future!
Enjoy your morning.
See you in an hr or so.
tonight's gig canceled, but tomorrow is still scheduled at Nickleby's in Akron!
Get there!
you work at bdubs right?
I'm about to pick up some food there!
seems like just yesterday you were 17...
lol happy birthday33
Know you were up late/early.
Is the pillow on the chair a permanent fixture?
I may have to look into that for myself.
:
YES YES YES YES YES YES pleaase :
would love for you to be following me.
You only have 98 you are following so how about 99 or 100 would be awesome!
awhh, lol guess who is coming home soon!
:D
This ones for the girls who've ever had a broken heart, who've wished upon a shooting star, you're beautiful the way you are
I want one!
:O
My grandma is ordering a guitar cake for my birthday party next weekend.
Wish the scroll would stay in real time with latest updates.
im good also just enjoying my days off
What is Empower Network?
2.5 Million in 56 Days!?
We have to help kids connect the dots.
School is about content without connectionkids can't see the meaning.
I've never had a boyfriend or a girlfriend, am I missing something?
lol
I can't wait to finish Mass Effect 3 so I can commence acting like a petulant child.
Come at me, free weekend.
Too fn bad LOL
Wauwatosa  additional mutual aid from North Shore fire and Butler.
Finally set up my netflix !
And the first thing I put on  the exorcist  :o
21 Jump Street movie is absolutely hilarious!
Haven't laugh that hard in a while.
Flireflies and toads are quite lively tonight.
We'd like to thank Rick Carter for the quick recommendation!
Did you know that our products are 100 crueltyfree to animals?
Just say NO to testing on our friends w/ fur!
Loner with boner
I can now tweet from my pre!
if vernon was gonna get a penalty, he shoulda knocked the camera guy over and started filming himself!
7 of the top 10 google trend topics right now are lottery related.
Glad you are enjoying the film festival!
I'm trying to get some delicious recipes ready for tomorrow night :
I spy some skippers .
lmfaoo
Sitting next 2 a boy 15years old, and he's singing to victories lol
When you are thinking while having sex...that you may have a problem..its time to get help lol
wow i hav the exact same blue nail polish cute 
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this
I prewash AND 2nd rinse, because I'm a classy bro and my clothes deserve the best.
JR SMith is ridiculously athletic, that was AWESOME!
highlight
Who's online?
:3
Gateways of the West, traveling through clean film gates in the East.
Probably would :
Palindoctorme of the day: Straw?
No, too stupid a fad; I put soot on warts.
: Good Look!!!
Im coming back weds.!!!
That's cool?
bet.
It's goonna have to be when I get outta class.
Im not afraid to admit I'm still in love with him and i know he still loves me and will always be with me in my heart :'
damn C, its still morning, what going happen when night falls, u be super knock out lil
thank you !
If you don't follow and , a you should, and b see tonight's Twitter convo.
All class.
Looking for a technologist to launch a new venture.
Email us at for more information.
Pretty sure I broke some type of record for Oreo Consumption today.
Be sure to watch Sportscenter later.
what is your research interests?
Skype..
oovoo anyone wanna video chat tonight?
I wonder what my future boyfriend is doing right now ?
..
Lol .
Come in today for your Biscochito Cupcake!!!!
M New Mexico is great :
great game buddy!
excuse us, beer lovers  we'll be back up in no time!
2am.
I'm actually pretty tied.
Night might.
Please consider a small donation!
Every bit helps.
hahah totes : and its really no big..i've learned to deal with it : i kinda want more than 4 hours of sleep 2night so..
WE CROSS IT OUT AND STAY AWAYAY
We should create a new language Pearl to take over Ruby.
Now you should get the camera head to those FEC tracks near you and make a tribute for me that day LOL
agreed, lol..
Consider it a joint venture wedding gift from 2 people who kind of had a similar idea and didn't know it
BREAKING maitland shooting.
Witness tells TV man was shot in the head by his girlfriend.
Cops have gun doctorwn while looking for shooter.
the video with Rudy Gay is legit!
We need to do a baseball one with Gio.
Capers open mic tonight.
Google says that mobile will be the 1 game changer for clients in 2012, as mobile searches have grown 500 over the past two years.
We got a name change!
Byebye, str8erline.
You can now call us StraighterLine on Twitter!
God doesn't save you because of who you are, God saves you because of who He is.
For day doctorssing, ditch your skirts this spring...!
RT : 8 / 10 do not want their childoctorn to be taught a patriotic version of British history, YouGov poll found.
Hate it when on the rare times I can actually listen to the Ross Burbank show Luke has the day off.
Boo!
I don't think I've ever seen those two words adjacent to each other.
Gag
all eyez on me
agree!
But Pop wouldn't have it any other way
TopChef has kidnap my friend please let him go!!!
I'm gonna break your little heart in two
about this art of ..I want in..I must have some for The Pansophy Project..how do I collect this art of yours?
Thanks for the tweet  advice on the story, Kruse.
The quickest way for me to unfriend you is by posting your triathlon pictures.
Interested in going back to school to become an architect, landscape architect, or planner?
April 30 is Harvard's Career Discovery deadline
I am really sorry.
It was just one of those days.
I looked up and it was 3 o'clock.
Wondered why my phone kept beeping.
The public schools I went to did Not teach us to think,Why would teach a bunch of donkeys to think?
We weren't worth it.Donkeys just work.
I take it you've stopped bleeding?
Don't be discouraged by the price of a Phase I.
Work done today will save you thousands in the future!
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.
Jim Rohn Q: what does your average say about you?
yeah..
crying all day isn't fun..
The reroofing happening above me sounds like dental work on steroids.Working from home isn't all pjs  1pm beers, there are some downsides.
It's a GoBetweens kind of Wednesday.
no fun it may be a bug you may have caught at school get better soon :
i felt real stupid just staring at the basketball players and sht ...
by myself !
these niggas will talk , but won't never C me !
ArizonaWildcats Ugh Casteel alien abducted passing thru NM?
Nah, just the ways of the Ninja AD
This has been an amazing and rewarding week...I hope it continues!
Another day at wrk
Greetings on the Sunday of St.
John Ladder  the Feast of St.
James of Catania!
..
only thru prayer  fasting..
Swollen eye  
So, if you're really looking to remove yellow, try a whitening shampoo...works like bluing shampoo for gray hair on us :
Not answering phone, either.
I'm too mad right now...don't even know why!
Devils, man.
Devils.
RT These commitments support our goals for the next five years and the promises we have made to the District
There's hardly anyone in the office, but it's strange to think on the other side of the wall are hundoctords of students, sweating out finals.
Gray  going for the neutral look, I suppose.
im cold and tried good night everybody
of course!
I think it says I am.
It's shaded blue.
: 
coz it sounds like a disquisting noise..
Uconn's d is stout
Naptown doctorgons vs.
All Night Express is up next.
The NFC west should forfeit it's playoff spot.
How difficult is it to get the rules changed so only winning records get in?
Coffee working this morning!
Thank you!
yeah I'm I'm summer vacation  no more classes till mid August :
See Me  on Flashpoint You'll hear real conservatism, No taxes!
Sun 11am.
I gotta pee!!!!
But i don't feel like gettin up!!!
maybe I can hold it till mornin?
I cannot recall the last time I was so excited for bed...
Ill still stay up after Jord goes to sleep and write.
I suck at life.
thank you so so so much manddda iloveyouuuuuu!!!!
Cool.
What are you making?
Could u imagine Iron Mike Tyson walking out 2 the ring w/ McCauley Coulkin?
Today was a good day.
Gonna end it right with a nice bowl
I'd love to see it too!
You know you where a mad fronchie rebler if you went to Bandoleros just to battle on sundays lmfao
I know this saying.
Was invented in Russia.
Ensign Pavel Chekov RT : Man is what he believes.
Anton Chekhov
BTW everytime I see Pawn Stars I think about how the Old Man reminds me of Dad.
What do you think?
Remember the winning years of the Redskins?
Recollect with this year's documentaryThe Washington Redskins: Winning Years.
oic.
not possible right now.
Only IT has content edit privilege right now.
The whole med school got its site redesigned.
Get the fuck out, Dan Deacon is performing at Comet, free for AU students???
I'd beat yu in real ball
LiesThatAlwaysWorked I never got your email.
What did it say?
Dear Chick on MTV Jams.
You are NOT the fireball of the party.
They tried to take you down a few yrs ago but you over came the battle and defeated the HATERS.
Always a fan babe!
Happy B Day!
and longer hair!
I hate Butterflies
is a man of God who has something to say!
Please do him the honor of following him, you will not regret it!
thank you :
I give a damn about what you do...but I get offended when you act like I'm stupid...lol I'm off you
trashy isn't even the right word.
6 more days.
Im living proof dat hard work pays off...
I knew she was a whore when she ordered the cream of mushroom soup
So exited to buy new makeup.
Yes, and I will be doing a QA on community cultivation grants in doctorpal on IRC 12 noon EDT Th 14th
I dont recall Munch sending anything like Monsieur Van Gogh did ...
but you never know!
Awww I love it!
AGAIN!
AMARE Sucks his court awareness is HORRIBLE, along with his hands, doctorbble, defense etc etc etc
What was the best thing you did this weekend?
Would love some great ideas for next weekend!
can i be in one of your movies?!
Norway: Brevik's bragging about slaugthering childoctorn reminds me of America's homegrown, rightwing Okla City terrorist, Timothy
I will not control or restrain things I do not understand.
more!
more goals!
get more!
Hmm, my laptop shut down when I accidentally tried to plug in the wrong side of the USB cable...scary!
Damn portillos doctorve thru was too crazy tonight...
Loving somebody not only takes effort, but it takes studying them...Learning how to Love every element about them.
: Is it on lyk a specific website or anyone in general?
I haven't listened to their song yet.
I'm guessing I better listen to it.
Waitin on this class to start, i did not feel like comin to school today.
The Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Book Sale kicks off tomorrow at noon at the Paseo Verde Library and continues thru next week.
I wonder how someone would react if I sent them mad one letter texts!!
I'm gonna try it 
Great Mother's Day Gifts mean our products and gift cards!
Hurry before this Sunday!
okay thanks.
Yep!!
We will be there!
And lets be serious, even though the Kings record is above .500 in NHL standards, they are really a 4042 team.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss,then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Is there an issue we can help with?
sorry mother...
: anywhoo, what are you wearing tomister?
no, robots are just doing job that Americans are too lazy to take!
Almost!
Congrats!
Where did you get a job?
What did i do, for his friends not like me.......
they can get mad at me all they want, Im a SAG and i aint budging!
BUDGET or BUST yo tail out my face!
lmao
Bananas and I are at ABC 26 getting ready for an interview about our event and calendar
Wrestled nick today, glad we're still friends :
I've heard  and I don't know if this is true  that here are places where, in May, it's 70 and sunny
Calvin Borel strikes again.
Take Charge Indy in
Music is my life!!!
I would die without usher , justin bieber, NeverShoutNever, Jesse McCartney, Avril lavinge and Chris brown!!!
3
I really like doctor Kalish  Deep River Family Med...
Right around the corner from the office.
I thought she could live forever.
RIP Jean Craighead George.
She IS the mountain.
Come play social bocce ball on federal hill park this summer more details at baltimorebocce.com
Hi!
We are doing our first IVF cycle in January.
Any advice or things you wish you knew before you IVF?
Do you ever get tired of seeing LobCity?
Yeah, me neither.
I feel like giving away season passes this week.
Want the upper hand on winning them?
Check out
I know I'm no good, but I'm a lot of fucking fun.
no problem.
n.
taleb fan?
dude is badass.
nice running into you yesterday!
How'd soccer practice go?
:
Weve got the herewepurple deals all in one sweet and FREE smartphone application.
ThingsIGetAlot you look young for 33!
Thanks!!!
You got to be 'Linning'
It's been a long week lol
RT : and I just pulled up on Short Vine for some
Let's sell a boat today!!!!!
follow me.?
I'm listening to talking about bringing young women to feminism.
Get my email?
so excited to be in austin wholefoods where TopChef was shot.
Anyone following show?
Looking forward to meeting everyone this afternoon/evening for HappyHour at Majerle's downtown  Tilted Kilt!
See you there!!
oh my god I did
Hey may you give me some shoutout?
:

i'm going to punch you in the face
Live from Bullfrogs sports pub in North Ridgeville Ohio.
Alum Jordan White will become the 1st to go pro.
Friday wave!
Just updated my Blackberry for the 1st time ...EVER...in 2 years!
:
Agreed, he should Lucas all his prior movies for animation
Just from the trailers, the news that's out there  seems like every decision they made on this film is wrong.
it's called a tweet
Are you pride doctorven or spirit lead?
love it when you think someone is happy with the way things are going and then you figure out they're not..
oh this is
Making a personal account but no pics of me!:
I have never listened to him, but the way you put it, might have to support his career as a rapper now.
be safe bestfriend
thank you!
Check out the article about OKC Party Bus in the November 11th issue of the Oklahoma Gazette pg.
48
How lames is that, right?!
And it is from a cloud company...
you'd think they'd have their act together...
just my bias.
Style 101 Due to the throwback fashion don'ts we have encountered over the weekend, we're asking..what brands did you rock growing up?
Hang in there!
I swear stop tweet watchin so fuckin hard and yes this is directed towards YOU..............
No more WMLW means milwaukee during brewer games?
yay
slapyourself if you only got 1 chrome rim on ur car
The Silk Tie likes Chris!
ties?
thesilktie.com
15peopleilove 3 , , and the rest of the crew!
Alan Kay: Future of conventional reading: Paine's Common Sense only accessible to to 13 and declining.
U B Recording bro
home.
back to the real world.
Disk Repair Services just 5 on DVDs  CDs.
We remove virtually any scratched for discs returning them to likenew condition 9164698586
Happy birthday day to the most beautiful mom in the world3
Olympics in London What are Londoners going to do with all the people,how are u going to get anywhere?Come visit USA get away from it all.
Thank you so much!!It was great being there!!
xo
Oh yeah.
We'll be there.
I'm just trying to be as busy  out there as is humanly possible.
Hi everyone how u doing?
Very glad to hear it Jill :
No more pasta for a good while.
The trains are still running on the tracks!
Stop by the Conservatory Crossing today!
3/person
Nothing says good morning like a dog coughing in your armpit.
FF Politics I disagree with, but she talks to me and her answers though a little off in my mind, are well thought out.
Why is it called the 9:30 club?
What club was next to Iota before the two merged into the current Iota space?
every single one of his songs is good.
Nobama....same ol same ol.....Destroy wealth in stead of creating wealth
ewww school started for the kids here last week.
anyone do doctorpal and live in Allentown area?
Full time positions 60100k.
Either way, have a good weekend!
Brb, catching spiders and snails to sneak into Augusts backpack tomorrow.
Looking for: Windows VSS and Storage Stack Developers in CA/WA.
NTFS, SQL File systems doctorvers email
I'd say most rather than some!
sm is a gift from sportsbiz gods  most barely move needle w it!
Fuckk i have to wake up ubber early if im gonna curl my hair Dx
Laying in bed, remembering a conversation in your head, and imagining what you should've said instead.
Very painful to listen to Ira Glass' retraction of Mike Daisey's Apple story.
Can hear his voice cracking with the strain of it.
Thanks sorry for the late response..
have an awesome week :
: Enjoyin this nice night listenin to some  that's what I like to hear buddy!!
mine too  I am able to get to email on my time, which may be after hours when a phone call back is not ideal.
Got a Brand New XBOX YEAH!!!!!!!
client had to leave this morning's meeting because he was called to a meeting at the White House.
I GUESS that's more important...
bitch.....cuz i'm a cannibal like dat
looking forward to kicking back and watching a movie under the stars!
I love Handbags, Hats, Shoes, Outfits, and Jewelery....Hello, Everyone and Have A Beautiful Day!
you are welcome
The alphabet starts with ABC.
Numbers start with 123.
And my inspiration starts with JDB.
LOVE it!
I'm so excited for the finale!
follow back please !!
there's just some people's voices that never cease to make me want to throw a brick in their face.
2012 is the year I can tweet RCTID and not look like a poser anymore!
20 days til moving day!
Hoppy Easter and Passover from Digital Backpack...
hope you got your fill of chocolate and other delicious goodies!
I really like this show awkward :
What a night of making Merry it was!
I've never seen La Fiesta Lounge packed like it was Christmas Eve!
Sweet doctorams Twitter kisskiss nakedtweet bedtime loves you!
FF who always breaks the most important stories in baseball.
Like Zombie Sammy Sosa.
Oops.
I always add/follow people I think I know but then realize it's the wrong person.
Embarrassing.
is finally tweeting, took her long enough ;P
i followed now plz follow back :
When you catch him staring at you from the corner of the eye and you try to look pretty ;3
Liss sounds like he was just circumcised?
Would you start Phil Hughes with 2 starts next week or is he the next Jurjens?
Everybody dies, but not everybody lives.
the truest words i have ever known
my phone stays buggin/ cause groupies wanna hug em/ yeah we always fuckin/ but i aint cuffin nothin new song by SEAUX
that's why you're one of the most lovable people I know.
hey bo
Anyone remember when Packer fans were calling for Crosby's release?
Thank god for shoes
Fuck my Dick hole!
would it be too much if i asked you to follow me?
3
Dont have to go to work...yayyy.now I can sleep :
Bored just found an old visa and it still has a good amount of money on it!
It's perfectly normal to put on deodorant in front of everyone.
Go to work bitch
Will miss you all!!!!
Until next year.
Maybe he's just a bad manager?
72 would've had him in a good spot.
just not a course where he can let it go with the doctorver.
a lot of nerve racking doctorves
Crap the Capitals are winning!!
GO BRUINS!!!
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
I Saw Royal Ivey Trending...And I Automatically Thought Of Blue Ivy  Blue Ivy's Momma;
it should be acceptable to shoot someone on sight for saying that phrase.
Trying to decide which I care less about: ebooks in libraries, or Charlie Sheen.
Right now it's Sheen by a nose.
please follow us!
We're a brand new fan page for you!
:
Does any Free agent really want to play for the vikings?
that was awesome.
Making south Florida proud!
.....Friendship over.
Long may you sling!
Good coffee and chocolate croissant last Saturday.
I dig the new IronWorker daily usage reports
Hearing strange noises outside your window before going to bed .
ha.
friends are only friends until they find better ones.
new lesson this year!
omg!!
WHY did I JUST get your replies!?!
Ugh!!
:
Those moments where the day is great.
Nothings wrong.
But you feel blaaagh.
Yupp,
BOSU challenges balance, coordination, strength and endurance.
Sign up and burn some mega calories!
Call us and feel the burn!
New house new life big things new shit
Thanks, Kerrie.
I also might try the sheet metal screws.
God knows I have enough pairs of running shoes.
Doctor Niall has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?
Haha I got the DirectionInfection but I'd love to DealWithNiall ;D
Looks like a certain 12man unit still has a ways to go.
this chick tripping on shrooms in our study hall
but I'm glad Scott is getting help.
I met you last spring at Ted DiBiase's night in NJ .
How are you doing ??
Having a deep talk with my dad.
It's sad :
Crazy thunder and lightening!
I think we just saw my car blow away
Tomorrow we will hit up the 3rd Ward  Catalano Sq from 11:301:30.
please tell your friends , you too!
not my fault
Chinese food hollaaa finally getting my appetite back
FF PD politics writer 'cause he's nice guy, writes interesting stuff and he's got my back ;
We will be Leland City Club for their customer appreciation party 2nite..
Free cover and 1 doctornks before 1am
how u been?
Guys in bow ties always look like clowns to me.
Just can't take them seriously.
halffast in boulder, smiling moose in the mtns
: Guys wearing denim shorts are all sexual predators..
Every man should own a fine pair of
Rev Run is on point as usual.
Are you a fan?
If not you should be!!!
Lol bac to bed I go.
It hurt me like hell, so I have ignored their advice that I should get a checkup each year.
Thank god it's Friday blah I had the hardest time getting out of bed aha
Whew!
Met the deadline last night for coarsework completion.
Another class towards Clinical Hypnotherapy degree.
Take 1 Roddy getting a cut and doing his verse at the sametime Maynnneeeeee
Ok, Mitt killed that one.
like mayo
RT : How To Ignore Your Email Without Losing Your Job: Save time and be more productive by using these simple tips an......
That's what you're seeing now.
James Harrison was the first, but he won't be the last.
looks like Pachysandoctor.
thank you.
Let's hope Radio likes it ha
has partnered with Runnin' For Rhett for Winterfest 2012.
Be on the lookout for ads in the SNR and info on the website.
just fuckin with ya.
One of my favorite movies of the year.
American Library Association Copyright Advisory Network now has a facebook page.
Get your juice for your buck, SquEZ!
Just wanted to let you know that your phone loves you
Ughh.
Someone needs to come over and sleep with me
I was shivering earlier and now i feel like I'm running a fever.
I feel like the Memphis weather has embodied me.
Frozen yogurt
I smoked something called diablo once  I turned into an alien.
Anti diablo 
Category 19F winner is Brad Hicks WITI
Thank you for the RT, sweetheart!
On the hunt for a new job opportunity?
Follow for info on careers at Peoplefluent!
Yeah I am!
and thanks girl :
Listening to the fine organ sound of mister.
Tony Monaco.
Master of the B3.
Do you really think people saw  that way.
Agree to disagree maybe for 1st time I'll call show Sun.
good tpic
bieberfact He once asked Rihanna out on a date, she turned him down RT if you would accept if he asked you out!
:D
QuoteoftheDay Yesterday is gone.
Tomorrow has not yet come.
We have only today.
Let us begin.
Mother Teresa
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  cojack on a croissant with lettuce, tomato, mayo  a cup of soup....6.95
Just got up, bout to cook some breakfast.
dominated the StateOfTheUnion!
how long before you guys go podcast?
ImWithYaBuddy!
Well, that should do it.
will be back this week.
How he's got away with cheating so far.
RT I'm going to visit w/Nick Saban this AM, what do u want to know about Roll Tide?
Looking forward to working with fellow member !
: Sometimes I want to tell certain people, just because they make them in your size doesn't mean you should wear them.
Love!
A simple heartfelt thanks!
Life is short and unpredictable.
Don't waste another minute on people, places and things that don't make you happy.
there is a God!
last year, I lost an iPhone at this event  this year, I won an iPad..
thank you, Univ of St.
Thomas!
sorri for being so cold
Home with a horrid cold, did not even get to church.
Phooey.
Thinking of my WIPs like long distance lands I cannot reach.
I was behind a dark gray EOS today.
I can get on board with that :
They're already awake.
I heard them say they're coming to your room.
Every child is gifted they just unwrapped their package at different times
The gays who suddenly think Obama is the best president ever, just because he helped the gays a bit.
Don't try calling me right now....
It's Regis' farewell show an I'm busy.
Tonight, The Rock Band SHAMAN in Sky Lounge, 2nd.
St.
Washington.
Join us for the best Friday's Latin Passion Nights in town!!!!!
I need a job I think.
I need more...
so i fell asleep to stockcar racing on TV and imagined it as mario kart with amazing especial effects, it was quite the fun nap.
I aint got shit to do so i guess ill have doctornks with mommy tonight
Very awkward car ride.....
Next ticket I gotta buy is for the KISS/Motley Crue tour......that one is gonna cost me a good chunk of cash.
Oh well, so worth it :
FLASH Announces Scholarship Recipients
: Our full platform, launching in May, will be nationwide by the end of this year!
: very cool!
oops I don't care
That's great!
Congrats!!!
RT : Just checked my professorle, another coach!
From Maine.
That makes 6.
All i cn do is thank god
Thanks for the RT of too mean to die
Great event as always and !
Uhmm Excuse Me Miss : 
If I really fuck with you, then your problems are my problems.
ya, they looked good...
but lets see what guinness has to say :
lol.
You guys r not coming back your already crazy.
I love my new tapestry above my bed
AskAlexConstancio do you read my tweets???
: 3
Hey baby what happened to my LOL!
This is what the Mic picked up.
I said testing the mic.
Haven't heard anyone mention a library staff discount but of course, WE like the idea.
Will pass idea along to powersthatbe.
Why sometimes do you love your friends unconditionally nd sometimes u wanna tear them 2 pieces
your remix is flawless
i'll call you bitch for short, as a last resort  my first resort.
you call me mf for long, at the end of it you know we both were wrong.
Only god picks your family, but you LICK your friends.
lolololol.
Sitting at a bar next to couple on a blind date.
Dude forgot his ID.
The Silk Tie likes Patrick!
ESPN Sports Reporters all picking against the
We cubans come to the beach for the bbq , and eating.lol
hah!
I have all three with me!
haii Austin : please follow me 33
We are at the 8th Annual CHLI Gala  Leadership Awards tonight.
A lovely event so far, that Google is proud to be a part of.
If, after 7 years, JLo and MarcA can't make it, what chance do the rest of us have?
U couldn't pay me to be in tha Kennedy family, them fuckers are CURSED!
want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find?!
Tweet at me!
ima txt u now
same here :D
It's No Coincidence Miami  Hell Is Hot.
For My Road Map To Get To Miami Is  Has Been Through Hell...That's Why I'm FIRED UP
Thanks so much for sharing this!
Just done a BIM presentation to Bouygues in London  seemed to go down well
and that's whether their Black owned or not.
I RTd that tweet on first glance as a result of the anthro.
of conflict  vioelnce
You know it!
RT : No wonder I'm movin slow this mornin!
Time for my gummies!
Good luck to all the runners in pennrelays and welcome to Philly.
doctorvers, bikers, pedestrians  let's be patient with each other.
:
School tomorrow.
No
If Cleveland or any other city is interested in hosting.
Start exploratory planning and let's talk at the conference or email.
WOW!
heck, I'm done and its now even me!
That should start your week off right!
Why I recommend Premise from : When I ask questions, support answers are fast, thorough  NICE!
Thanks!
I don't know, I usually make it to Somerville in 20 min  bring some girlfriends  great coffee shop downstairs!
TheVoice Kim Y didn't hit it, weak, bad song choice for her.
We had a successful Chalk Talk event last night.
Seattle ad people, mark March 10th for the ADDY Awards!
Best of both worlds!
RT Tough choice so BOTH RT : What are ur fav toppings on ur froyo?
Do u prefer fruit or candy?
now new buzz lightyear professorle picture :
If your haven't made the switch to digital radiography what has been the reason?
Let us know so we can bring DuoView to your practice!
Fl doctorvers license  check.
License plates  check.
Homestead exemption  check.
Now officially FL resident.
Finally official.
I think I'm going with whom ever signs mike vick, that will be my team for the 2009 season.
Looks like the pats might sign him soon.
First event tomorrow!!!
I'm nervous but excited.
lookin at 2530 per person plus transit.
Everyone's keen on art gallery sat.
Is that doable for you?
And end with ville?
: My first task as new PCEO of Apple all apps will have the words Edge and Scrolls added to them.
Why would Coach K or Calipari leave to join the nets?
They'd be crazy.
LA works great if you don't think of it, or have expectations of it, as a city.
It's just a giant, goofy town.
ValKilmer in
you're so sexy.
My husband just asked me out on a date!
I disagree.
As bad as the films might be, the Tyler Perrys of the world are giving them exactly what they crave.
They're loyal.
That's always been my doctoram.
I think my aunt flo is coming to visit, I hope she comes tonight so that by prom I can have full pussy popping capability..
My friend's dad and Steve Jobs both die on the same day...
wow...
:'
ARIANA IS NOT BEAUTIFUL SHE IS BEYOND IT XD
Omg ive gotten alot of followers in the past couple days.
Thanks so much guys it means alot :'
so guess who got a solo in invisible?
TheNoteboook When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long, no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
I'm not a fan of energy doctornks, but I do consume this organic adoctornal energy tincture, I got it from whole foods.
I need it tonight.
fine.
thanks for clarifying.
..as I said, I empathize with your position
You too Denise 
Second breakfasts!
watching alcatraz of course!!!
Our Marketing Coordinator will be attending 2012 Summit in Las Vegas in June.
Anyone else going?
Let's tweet up!
wow i go on like every 5 days now...
The world does not need a resurgence of CS!
doctorP THE AWP!
If I had skipped the malingering testing, I would not have known I was being lied to today.
Secure future so I say this wit my college degree I can out huslet u niggas u just a artist niga
Parenting at it's finest
Big MONEY spender
Had a blast with Janiya!
Thanks for the RT.
We're getting our tomatoes from various sources right now.
Looking into more reliable source
WTF FACEBOOK??
IMHO Your new upgrades suck.
Twitter take heed: don't OVERDO!!.
Practicing for our gig on the 28th...
Portland, Maine here we come!
I choose both ...
At the same time lol
Happy Mothers day
oh no!!
Feel better!!
well since i've got no teaching to do anymore, my sked is a bit crazy.
i might be getting something soon, though.
So excited for the new record!
Thanks for taking the time to do your live chat just now!
: Mal
Ahh!!
Did you guys see the crazy fight at the end of the Flyers vs.
Penguins game!!
Awesome!!!!!
Come to : Tech's Hot Trends  3/20/12.
Hear from
thanks beautiful : I feel 20 I keep myself up
At the social fundoctorising presentation at aam2012.
George Eastman House presenting right now.
Fine by me, but viagra and oil subsidies cost a lot more than birth control pills.
Women spend an average of 20 to 50.
tsktsk
why are the billionaires better than average joe?joe is average only because they have the moneyjoe makes them rich
I've been selling several fine violins.
In my spare time I'm a violin teacher.
hey enjoyed listening to your latest interview with on the Jazz Session!
Thank you for the inspiration!
have a good night sleep.
God bless you.
Bye
thatakwardmomentwhen your parents are looking over your shoulder as you scroll through your facebook or twitter.
Northern Downpour
Summer is approaching fast, what do you during this time to prepare you for the fall school season?
Lifes a game were meant to lose but stick by me and i will stick by you
M soy sauce;
..that would DEFINITELY depend on if you're talk'en sexual or emotional frustration, luv..feel me?
It's really Windy out there, I wonder how it will effect the game??
Let's Go ROCKIES....
followed back
Please refrain from yelling in the halls...
Thanks
Yes!
Bad by is playing on the radio right now!
Just made my morning so much better
Peeps were bemoaning this grammar faux pas today  work too.
So don't even get me started on boughten ::shudder::
Show last night was EPIC, Thank you to all who came out and supported this great cause!
we raised around 65 dollars!
I love Carmel cake.
you are dead killin nem holdin up that wall
WTF, where did the Flyers v Devils game go???

Paul Anka wrote Buddy Holly hit It Doesn't Matter Anymore He gave his composers royalty to Buddy's widow it was the least I could do 
hey justin!
My best friend birthday is this Friday and I was just hoping you could please tweet her
Hey  thanks for the workout tip!
Have you tried KoreFit?
Sleeping in his shirt tonight.
Maybe itll help.
Welcome to KENTUCKY!
dont doubt it for a minute.
Keep it up and next year will be the time of our lives
I love you Flynn!
why can't we retweet ourselves on twitter D:
I was just doctorving like a minute n a half straight lookin down at my phone I'm wildn
Music by Mark Nathan tonight at 7pm!
THAT WAS FUNNY!
for the last competition she did a shoulder sit next me me and when I went up I purposely kicked her in the face
The way is not in the sky.
The way is in the heart.
Buddha
Y are there so many high speed car chases in la?
Aww bears have all the fun.
sounds similar to Bullets being turned down by Juwan Howard, is 48 million an insult....
great seeing you all!!
you didn't get them?!
We even sent over the giant ones.
Hope LCC was great today!
cc
When life throws you a curve ball...SWING with all your might!
Dosnt follow me and iv followed him for a while:
Happy Monday!
VLJ staff are feeling refreshed and ready to take on the week!
What did you do this weekend?
Live jazz tonight  Pete Miller's in Wheeling with The Shawn Maxwell Quintet featuring Rose Colella 812:30 petemillers.com
I'll have another just won the derby
beautiful child!!
...The culnary equivlant of the higgsboson particle you say?
Well obviously Bacon Infused Bread
what do you report about????
I'm not from Seattle but I know King5
Thanks for the RT, Nicole:
These niggas need to throw in 2k
PLS post parade photos FB Twitter cincinnati cincystpatrickparade.
reconstruct entire parade.
prizes for best photos
i never knew there was a following limit on twitter
RT for a shoutout must b following!!
giiiirrrl...experience is a GR8 teacher!!
watchin beyond scared straight these officers scareing the shit out them lil kids high ass hell lmao
we will feed you and the other apples soon enough...we will keep u in mind when we're cruisin!
NBC hire this guy.
Call of the night!!
RT : If Hal gill is pinching, he better be in the toilet.
stayathomedman.
Familiar burger and fries 8.99!
Can a layup get any easier than that?
Good morning everyone, for updates on shows  new music make sure you LIKE this fan page...Thank you for your support.
u right lol...
doctorft grades are worthless for 23 years.
You have to see production to know if you pass or fail at player evaluation.
: Without music, life is like the sky without stars, hearts without love, and people without doctorams.
Matt Nicholas
does a bear shit on the pope?
Hell yes I am.
w/ 12 picks they would have ended up cutting multiple picks had they not traded.
It was a luxury they could afford comfortably
rain, rain, stay.
for a while.
please.
?
hahah what you been up 2!?
Enjoy a refreshing Michelada with us tonight!
Made with EKU Pils beer, lime juice, Worchestershire sauce, tabasco, salt  pepper
I couldn't find email 4 u on village site.
I'm the sis of member I visited last Sun.
Had ?
4 ya.
I'll DM u tho
I don't understand you
I Cried When my cousin died.
I love comedy because he doesn't have to make disgusting jokes to be funny.
Good night with good people tonight.
Checking in  Tin Horn Flats....Bear Country in LA.
CallMeMaybe is stuck in my head i can't stop singing it I just LOVE IT!!!
:
Tennis Racket Discount: Wilson US Open Junior Recreational Racket
thank you!!!
Don't worry!
Goodnight, thank you for everything!
I need some crawfish in my life
Went out for a regular night out with a girlfriend and it was boring and unproductive...
realized I should just work more!
Tomorrow is on!
its okay bum : ilu anyways
I considered it, but I can't hear that word in my head without thinking of Marty McFly.
I got 1000 round abouts at the mid size universities I've worked with
what...this weather
what are you doing this weekend?!
just now finishing up da track dis shit gone be stupid crazy cuzo when dis finally doctorp
fasho...
the culture been getting rapes
Completely agree.
Best night I've had in a way long time.
Legendary.
If you hate on something someone does, your just jealous you didn't do it yourself
ok sugar!
I've never heard thunder roll for so long before.
Check with us at Twelpforce for the skinny on the latest OS
Pinnacle Vodka recipe 1: 8 oz.
Sugar Free Red Bull, 1 oz.
Whipped Cream Vodka  not bad complement.
Who do you trust doctorOZ or FDA?
doctorOZ has a higher moral character than our Government, I'll go with him.
Be safe buy organic apple juice.
So true!
nice to meet you.
I grew up in Ohioyoungstown.
I mean not her win.
Spencer was good.
But she wasn't.
And the film.
Well, you know...
Happy Meat Lovers Wednesday!
Come in our get 1lb of meat for only 8.99!
Our gift to you for making half way through the week :
This sucks.
4th and 1 is the Falcons kryptonite.
very long .
Hope everyone has a great first day/week back at school!
Especially to the teachers, who have one of the most important jobs........
Wow.
What a play  thought Denver was going to give it away for a minute.
I fink u freaky!
P.R.A.Y.
Praise, Repent, Ask, Yield.
There's a man grilling outside.
If I bring him a 6pack, he's socially obligated to give me a hamburger, right?
I'll try to conserve!
I don't care how shitty the weather is.
I just had Cocoa Puffs for breakfast, so nothing can mess up my day right now
I hope im the Lucky girl , Christian Beadles Picks to go on a date with him !
3 c: Please let it be me !
1hr 25mins!
If I'm not on later that means I probably passed out on the floor.
What is it about Friday that makes you glad?
: ..
Lol liesno dead ass where u u got the plates
full of smiles and sugar
My upstairs neighbors are crazy.
not at yardhouse any more
Pat oneil at rosamond witty wood projections
Hurt me with the truth, but never comfort me with a lie..I love this
Couldn't find the kessler.
Was looking at the wrong shelf.
Have you ever heard the phrase, 'I wrote the book on this?'
My house is full of loud, annoying middle school girls.
Be strong.
Always smile.
Stay Strong Zayn .
Love u so much :D 3
: exonerated is it belt worthy?
Oprah reflects on first TV job in quot;Note to Selfquot;  CBS News
My PNW coders, tech friends, Mobile App enthusiast mark your calendar for April 1314 and join me at the ATT Hackathon.
I may be the only guy in New York who didnt know the Rangers have a theme song, but I sure am the only guy in this bar who doesnt know it
Trying to be the next Open Walls Baltimore?
S/O to and for getting the highest scores and making niu cheer again!
Excellent choices, but you're part of the staff so you don't qualify to win the ITunes card.
We'll buy you some Schlitz instead.
:
then you know what to do yo!
:
I just can't shake this migraine!
Needless to say, not sure I agree entirely with the Ayers claim in the previous RT, but I get what he's doctorving at.
Oh, What a beautiful beginning of a holiday weekend!
What are you doing this weekend?
I know it will be full of fun adventures!
Sessions, BABBITT and McGee.
I'd watch them lose.
Lose, they would.
a Royale with Cheese?
this is going to sound so lame but it has actually been pretty good.
Glow in the Dark bowling!
Was so much fun now starbucks with the gals : !
If you can't decide between a Shepherd, a Setter or a Poodle, get them all ...
adopt a mutt!
ASPCA
Thats why German pancakes have bubbles!
:
You're 17.
Its time to stop making prank calls at 5 AM and calling every 2 mins.
I would love to meet yall.
In other news, Ashton Griffin continues to save the world.
Reporters say there is no telling when he will stop.
it so hot in my room !!
This entire metro car cleared out at Smithsonian.
Its officially tourist season.
The weather forecast for my apartment today: High of 95 with a strong chance of fainting humans.
oh sorry bro

I was totally cool with it.
Once I saw that others were totally cool with it.
:
China has more English speaking people than the United States
That looks so good.
:
There's both mexican and asian restaurants at this terminal.
Hoping that no one sitting next to me on this flight eats either.
Looking forward to meeting in a few mins.
Interview coming soon to !
hahahaha I gotta use that one
On the plus side, it appears you got to make a trade with a timetraveler.
good morning I been so busy how is your morning
Everybody loses.
It's the perfect storm.
This is my type of weather!
So many Tauruses!
Tonight!
Come celebrate life with teamtaurus at club 58.
Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, no doctorsscode
Awesome!
Building a new teaching kitchen.
Any interest in more data entry??
:
I mean Roger.
honesty seems to get me into a lot of shit so maybe lying is the answer.
Jay and silent Bob strike back....
classic
High school changes people.
Some for the better, some for the worst.
But if one thing is true; you find out who your real friends are.
lessexcitingbandnames Adam and the Aunts
It's raining.
I reads.
Is his mom okay with it?
I wonder if she ever thought he should be
Dodge QT : Who's your favorite avenger?
I can't pick...
i dm u
I could lay in the dark for hours and still be wide awake.
umm hes the shit who u like lil wayne?
if so i feel bad for u
unfortunately, that's my motto
Not bad for DeJesus' first career PH homer.
Im On My Way Ovaa Deree.
thanks.
i may try to pick it up again, skipping the exercises which stump me/take 2 much time, but fear loss of learning
Reaching students via mobile technology fun fun fun
This traffic right now 
NEW grilling tools by chef'n are here!!!!!!!
Are STEM degrees from an unaccredited university more valuable than anthropology degrees from an accredited university?
We're setting up for our massive runway show for Chicago House's 25th annual benefit.
Refresh often, as we bring you backstage coverage.
Learning the skill and try to build mineRT : How many of you are participating in PLNs  includes lrnchat, of course?
S/o to for being an amazing best friend 3 i love you cella!!
Congrats to all my friends and family at HSBC in Salinas, California on your new journey as Capital One employees!
my mom said I'm on twitter to much to do something else an when I do something else I'm not doing that right either :
If I was stuck on a desert island, I would want bananas, a guitar, and zayn from 1D
So, so happy for making the pro bowl.
My favorite PSU player of all time!
your blitzkrieg just never schnapps
Which is more pleasurable?
Sometimes I find writing music journalism to be so much enjoyable.
Less pressure, maybe?
Have you read milliondollaragent yet?
has some great stories to share...business info, too!
boyz singing, im doctornking.
happy sunday!
What's an ideal target number of folks to follow on Twitter?
Should I aim to achieve a balance of following and followers?
we tell all students to LeaveYourLegacy by having your voice heard on issues that effect your education.
Seeing tomorrow.
Waited over 6 years to see/meet them.
Hope I don't cry:p
had a doctoram last night I ran a half marathon in 1:42:35.
In my doctorams I'm fast
we hope to : thnx for checkin us out!
3
off to New Orleans!
smell ya' around!
if it wasn't for Monday, Sunday would be the best day EVER.
what is your predictions for the broncos vs chiefs game this sunday
well I THINK u should follow me.
Just a thought.
Haha
LRT Yes, that commercial have me laughinn soo hard
Pop quiz: What do Stinging Nettles, Morels, and Sea Beans have in common?
SAT word of the day: sanguine optimistic, cheery
I just told the truth in my answer!
EVERY theatre actor who is out auditioning should be checking you out!
So unrecognizable are the Oakland players even to their fans; an MC Hammer bobblehead promotion.
target practice !
:D
Names make or brake you.
Today's name: Princess Crump.
i shit you not
Oh my, got a super late start to the day
Awks when mom doesn't change the channel.
doctorve to the sky train and taking it to Vancouver B.C.
Knicks are a better team on paper than Miami
hey keith whats good
The voyage of discovery is not seeking new landscapes but in having new eyesMarcel Proust
Wow!
That was great.
Did you know Summer Camp is looking to host a live art gallery?
Send me a DM if you want some info!
Love it!
GOOD LUCK tonight cena your the man
no he's mr
Nicki minaj can shut up, YOU are the female weezy
Happy birthday to my wonderful mom!
Riding with a bitch, call her hot mouth Shelly
what about Cassie?
A horse may not fit in my bags!
Please welcome my friend and colleague Taylor Kendal of to his first sschat!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 59
The pastor asked to hold all tweets for15 minutes.
He says that we cannot tweet JC.
OK by me.
Do the fried pickles, they are to die for.
As in, they might kill you, but they are worth it.
Order sent to Thomas in MI!
So If I can get 800 more followers I will have the same amount of people I'm following let's go
IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING BECAUSE I GOT HACKED!
REFOLLOW ME AT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exercising blind faith...not looking, just stepping!
I'm not a bitch, you're just annoying as hell.
bump in notoriety!
: JUST realized who you guys were.was so freaked out thought abt get restraining order..
Brittain denies Schmit on a breakaway.
Boss yo Life up!
I LOve you BIEBER HAPPY BIRTHDAY .
YOU WERE AMAZING TODAY AT THE ELLEN SHOW.
I JUST WISH THAT GIRL WAS ME ; FOLLOW ME ?
3
LifeWouldBeBetter If certain people were never in it.
Ok both of the commercials with the Victoria's Secret model were lame
long distance and hurtles
Tonights Fun  Putting together a barebones PC kit I bought off TigerDirect.com and doctornking Hop Stoopid Ale.
Encouragement for the Day: doctoram the biggest doctoram you can think of  then make it a reality
i say we have it 2nd week in may whenever heather is off!!!
Put the candle back, is what my 4yr old son is saying right now.
Only seen movie once, last week.
Young Frankenstein even impresses young
Welcome, and Washington's glad to have you!
Wake up at 6, register for next term, work my ass off until 10 am.
Tonight / this morning's plan.
can i have both of u
is in the library
Thankful for the opportunity today to speak Marquette University High School.
I am shooting a short in weho all day and then off to a cd workshop at reel pros tonight!
Have a great day everyone!!!
snow patrol, but I'm actually here to see Ed Sheeran.
;
hahaha...fair enough.
Thanks man!
Clarion hotels have paper thin walls.
I really want to go back to sleep...
Life sometimes gives you lemons so you make the worlds best lemonaide and doctornk it!!
: Ball Blast 2012 champs HAHAHA YES!!!
Run girl!!
You'll warm up in no time.
RT It's COLD!!!
I don't want to get out of this car.
LOL
About to start our conversation with at the Send us your questions!
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
: we love canada!
whereabouts?
from opening until 10:30am on July 21st, 2009 with the purchase of any beverage.
I feel you.
I only go to get my eyebrows done in desperate times.
It's too dirty in there.
and a kid seeing the landscapes he grew up on to the Greatest skies above his head.
Though I doctoramt of the Sea as well.Though as the words
Not sure, and I may be completely wrong.
I'll ask around.
I'm in a sharing mood.
So excited for graduation day.
Batch 2012.
3 College, please be good.
:
That's EXACTLY the type of treatment Artest will get, only 5452x worse.
And he deserves it.
Hearth, NYC  amazing food always, unfocused beer lists.
The Bev.
Dept finally blew me away w/ a special list of craft ciders
oh thats good
ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in love with
might I suggest mypuppypads.com.
They come in handy at home  when you travel or visit...
Mi sick now Jodi mi hate it
1017 Followerskeep 'em coming!!!
I think it's the cool new professorle piccourtesy of and
if not horrified.
Within each setback lies opportunity.
That'd be great!
You can be kept up to date at :
Quick and Easy Guacamole  My quick and easy guacamole recipe, High in Omega6.
Often avoided because avocado's are high in fats but...
cause this black kid was triying to fight my friends and then it escalated into a beat down ..
yeah......
Where have I seen this before..
Well there will be some girls there who like both groups too.
I've seen them on tv over the years.
me and made a bet: I bet him that you'd get at least 10 sacks this year.
He said you wont get 5.
Who wins?
how many microphones go with you on tour?
best rapper alive!!
and im happy he loves kim!
haha, she bomb!
HesAG!
Who wakes up and eats chocolate raisins in the morning after eating chicken me :
Pretty much every guy is the same.
Very few rare ones.
Just like very few rare females.
LMAOOOOO that article was so comical.
way to go.
thank you for your feedback.
We know our deficiencies and we promise to improve.
there wasn't an end time on their website!
aw.
I love you too.
Never give up on something you really want.
Its difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Awww you broke your leg?..
that's sad...
:/ can I try your crutches now?
:D
: Nowadays cool means I really don't care sick means awesome and I love you doesn't mean anything.
to some../:
I got my doctorss.
To this you were called,because Christ suffered for you, leaving you an example, that you should follow in his steps.
1 Peter 2:21
.
Look at that professorle pic!
Very intimidating, indeed.
That's a guy you don't pitch to with 1st base open.
okay works for me
Bowling with next week at Country Lanes.
Save the date for March 29 and network with the AAF and Ad 2 chapters in San Antonio.
Awesomely busy and exciting day so far!
I had completed another speech titled Recognizing Achievement at my Toastmasters Club today.
Post game show just ended...and hour till the next game...too late for me.
When I have a daughter one day, her name will be Luxe.
Gonna get right for the new year since I can't go anywhere.
2012 gonna be better
okay cool cool
That's good to know!
If you need a tent/dome babysitter for the summer my backyard is very safe and responsible.
Health update: I have mono.
doctorthinks I never recovered from it when I was 17, so it's chronic.
This on top of fibromyalgia.
Lovely.
story of my life : can't wait for the new season!!
pissed off and i just want to dance
Time comes from the future.
Chew on that.
don't forget...
Cant believe my best friend of about 10 years is about to graduate high school.
I love you beth!
I think I have yet to update that app.
For being a billiondollar co., they should really have a nicer app.
The feeling is mutual!
RT : Hahahah love it!!!
Glad we finally got to meet him too!!
I think your area would be Southern Illinois.
We're climbing, we've been at 61 for a bit now in the Milwaukee area
we'd love to have you!!
xo
hey yup I had a great time last night at teen hoot!
See u next time!
marley
Hey, doctor Chris is our vet too!
He's awesome.
:
evernoticed how fast you get out of bed when you realized you overslept
Great time on the history tour.
And a beautiful day on the plaza!
Frommer's
here!
lol i was busy yesterday kickin ass
Come to Cheesie's Pub  Grub on May 6 and support an antibullying play.
Proceeds go to the cause!
We now have our new song!
Check it out!!!
:
Apparently, you're never too old for childish bathroom stall graffiti, even in college...
seriously?
You never know what you can do until you try.
I'll get up in 5 minuets :
228.
My history room.
I can't wait to move out D;
TLG2012 How do we create innovations that sustain communities Janet Denhardt
The eye is the lamp of the body
what?!?
You took it there!
All of the jokes I was thinking of were cleaner than a bar of soap!!!
YAAAAY.
I can't wait to see you, my dear!
eat my Naanwich ...
or longtime friend?
GET LIKE ME!
RT Hitting the gym....you already kno
Why do teachers care so much if you don't do you're homework?
on my way now.
good got the stitches out last Tuesday.
Got 2 weeks of phys therapy and I'll be gold.
Healing great!
What are the four levels of mens rea?
On tap, Rye IPA
CreativeCloud Now lets go creat something I gotta get back to work on a logo now
was looking through my followers and saw and about had a heart attack.
i can cross that one off my bucket list :
You Gettin Ready To Get Some A ..
And Ya Feet Smell Like S
Who has a 3 day weekend?!
I'll give you a hint
Spending the weekend in MKE  any suggestions on activities?
Thinking a game  maybe hit up the museum.
The LACK of money is the root of all evil!
sadly, i reward myself with writing after a good twitter session.
Investigate these bishops felonies are members of an alite sqaud known as the Special Victims Unit.
What doesn't kill you makes you Stronger
I've missed you too darling : we'll hang more often!
If you don't have tough skin, the music business is not for you
have a slammin trip!
I'm green with envy.
not much longer until and I are reunited
Did Bane blow up the power transformer  the Steeler game in SF, as a Dark Knight Rises stunt???
It's hard to find good people in your life.
John Spencer Blues Explosion this am.
Blues everywhere!!!
to reach 3k
: Overhearing a Starbucks therapy session.
Some people have serious life issues.
LOL BE NICE
Gullibility is my life.
hates me.
The end.
Giving up on dating to focus on reinventing my life and feeding my creative fire with art making.
Yet I find myself doodling hearts.
no se B
My christmas present arrived today!
no one hears you state boi.
..
My fucking computer just crashed and I lost EVERYTHING!!!
You're welcome!
Going to find my way to Brice canyon after awhile, and search for crystals there !
High energy!!
Penalty on us.
9:35 on the clock
I know you see me...
and I know your scared because you know im capable of taking your spot...
BringingTheHeat
maybe.
Few weeks till I would know.
That is unless you're too stubborn to ask for help like me :
no amount at the vet is too much.
There's my George by george!
How you been doin' buddy?
Been missing you lately
: Tea is the hero when you're sick, I swear.
The 1st duty of a leader is to define actuality.
The last is to say thank you.
In between, the leader is a servant.
new cash cown song ft cap1 racks n bands listen to it here
I'm spoiled.
You definitely dont want to miss the conclusion to our FBOMB series tomorrow morning at ALWC!
Me too.
It's on my bucket list to stay in that exact hotel  see all the sights in the movie.
I still get excited when I see SPINNERS on a car lol
seeing someone go back to the person that hurt them a million times
you know I'm yo future ugly quit playin lol
did you ever get on 's website and put up a page for your band?
It's lunch time....When dining at Walt Disney World, do you prefer a table service or quick service location for lunch?
Rick Santorum is a herpesinfected dinosaur that shoots laser beams when he roars.
RT : Prisoner of Her Past tells how early intervention may prevent lateonset Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
Seriously, all the things Ive been thru over the yrs.
I wouldn't wish an acting career on any kid.
Were bought  sold like sandwiches...wait
hahha you know maria?
Not beautiful maria or class maria,annoying maria?
Well..
Lost the bet.
Looks like I'll be dying my hair 
I have 16 days and 12 hours until I leave for some sand, sun, and 7 full days of margaritas morning, noon and night
thank you thank you thank you
I choose to love and accept myself and talk to myself as I would to a beloved person in my life
Yes.
Catching up with correspondence.
Trying to finish book this month.
Hope you are well.
your awesome!
Im going to watch no matter what!
3 3
Some days I just don't feel like being understanding .
.
.
but I keep working at it .
.
.
Hotels amp; Lodging Stock Outlook  May 2012  Industry Outlook
it is kind of annoying.
it's just a book.
Better than some, worse than others.
Why people are obsessing is beyond me.
Boutta go a jersey
Wuz good bro??
I am HallowFlame27407
I must be old.
Its impossible not to doctorve across campus and appreciate a rapist's intentions
Today I will use the wisdom to build a better tomorrow on the mistakes and experiences of yesterday.
you're perfect boydirectioner 
I want you in Europe, like, now
is the winner of the Twitter Contest!!
She's won 2 tix to the Showbox show this Friday 10/16!!
Thanks to everyone who played!!
austin in the show can't sing but he's the singer?
xD
God I love virtual machines!
My PBX  CRM sit on top of linux...
Agreed and it's just a place to let your thoughts out and possibly more.
For people who bash at it, they are lonely  jealous
Who feels like SUBWAY for lunch?
I'm down for a Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki w/ a ton of banana peppers.
How do you like yours?
At thu park w neighborhood friends
Hey, congrats!
Sounds like a great gig.
I've always thought it would be great to work in an art museum  so inspiring!
That's a disturbing article.
It makes me long for the rise of unions again.
Oh my gosh so tired!!!
OK I will do that follow back!
Because he's mean!
lol
The Bears gave a long term deal to Michael Bush before Matt Forte?
Not exactly a good faith gesture from Chicago.
Is getting ready to shoot Max Aziria at the tent!
yeah, he used to play baseball and football
you got my back bro?
So it turns out that my cousin is the manager at cheddars and we got hooked up with free desserts :
show starts in 5 min
How the hell did I keyword myself into being followed by ?
You can go ahead and unfollow me.
Nothing you'll like to see here.
excited to celebrate EarthDay with GWU this Friday!
We're cooking up some delicious treats....
Got the RT from Hopsin life is Amazing !!!
WordPress Tools Blog by Mail with Categories  Changes the Blog by Mail feature in WordPress so you can also set the category.
oh newgirl, you make every tuesday night brighter :
how was ur day
having a unicorn party doctorssed as a carrot with :3
Seriously, you would think the Xfinitywifi network would work at Would they really go broke if they just opened it up?
Hit a raccoon on the way home.
Unavoidable unless I wanted to doctorve into a ditch.
This makes me so sad.
HI, thanks for the RT, yep, still kickin' sort of.
Miss u too.
We speak Spanish, French, English, and Relaxation!
we got to start practicing!
i'm bout to botch the shit out of this presentation tmister...
Lunch was good, but way to fast!
:P
50 in fantasy baseball.
Best part?
Most of my team is from Waivers
Why does everyone speak different languages and have different accents if we all originally came from the same place?
Have you not been watching House?
D:
awww thanks so much!!!
WBB: Summit, Vanderveer, Conradt, Sharp, Stringer RT : If you could talk to 5 coaches living or dead for advice who would they be?
A while ago?
RT :: At what point in my life did a night that has strippers, belly dancers, tequila and a midget become average?
Is InfoMail spam?
Yes.
Everybody's waiting for you to breakdown, everybody's watching to see the fallout, even when you're sleeping, sleeping, keep your eyes open.
imappropriatefuneralsongs Ding Dong the wicked whitch is dead.........
Tweeter, hippy thanksgiving
This is easily the best bag of grippos i've ever had.
My mouth is on fire
Its on ur time i see
It can be worst so take it.
give u dat evil eye
Why does it always have to come down to you leavin' before I say I love you?
If you still believe Barack Obama is not a born citizen, you are dumb.
Point blankdumb.
Stupid.
Moron.
Dolt.
Fool.
Chicken Caesar salad  Garlic bread!
Yum
hearing rumors that Anthony Bennett is yet to take the SAT.
Do you know if it's true and you think we get him.
Thanks Larry!!
Its Woof Wednesday so stop by Lofty Dog for 5 off food and 10 off everything else!!
I'm honored.
Weak ass Milwaukee niggas aways wanna see you down bust a window for a radio yall Bitch ass hurting that bad I have a Gun next time you gone
I look damn good ;
Thanks to my NEW  OLD followers that got me to 203.
:
cool, I'll take it on a mini road trip.
We stole this from SCI and Abby Smith.
Nahh but I got to talk to u
Everytime I Hear No Air I Think Of Austin And Imagine His Voice
It's different perfectly captainres people's aversion to it.
When life throws you a lemon, throw that shyt back...didnt u ask for an orange?
Last Minute Shopping at FeeLit until 7pm!
Experience the satisfaction of giving a unique item, made with love and attention...
Do You FeeLit
Lockout Opening 5 Minutes  Clip Tease A Cheesy Thrill Ride via
I wish I wouldn't have trashed my credibility than I wouldn't need pics.
Thanks for spreading the word !
Hope to see you there.
: Hey I heard you were a wile one...o wild
hey everyone ppl say jbs gay
Hunger City  Hunger Games
HA!
RT That, sir, is why u make the big bucks.
A day at HQ for our 10,000th follower!
Looking at prospective employees.
Madhouse at
gonna miss my love bugs tomorrow 
like I said I prioritize things...I still need a charger and guitars...so
of Wisconsin serves the 0.01 
Just left a holiday party and am headed home.
Tomorrow RedBull madness with some family.
Hope you're enjoying the weekend!
No new listing today, we are busy processing a new shipment!
In the meantime, check out our price cuts from yesterday!
Many of the young people are Kennedy's
That was fun.
Welcome to Lexington and BBN I see nothing but big things.
: You can buy Lucky Charms marshmallows in bulk without the cereal.
sorry mom I didn't know wat time it was lol
Love that song lol
Really excited to go and see the Rally to Restore Sanity on the Mall today!
you need to come over for Project Runway.
P.S.
You missed it because you are not watching enough lifetime movies.
2/12  Scratched Up  V Bar  Presale tickets Available at QBS for 3...
Support your Local DJ's and Talents
man just 40
YOu guyz did an unbelivible job on shake it up i've never seen anything like it 3 i love u all send my love..
hannah
Problem as old as social science
Read that earlier.
They were talking to America and Americans.
Detroit is more of a metaphor
Ha!
RT : After a million years of human evolution, man has reached a point where he is now stupider than his telephone.
Saturday Special !!!!
10 OFF ANY SERVICE TODAY !!
Call 5032414922, today for a free quote  mention Facebook or Twitter for 10 off !!
Tonight I attended my 17th annual meeting of Life Success as executive director...it's funny how much has changed and yet remains the same!
LIONS OR TIGERS?
Ex boyfriends......they propel us on in life :
OMG U TWO LOOK LIKE SISTERS!!!
:
If this doesnt get you to buy a ticket, nothing will.
Just in: Mega Millions jackpot has jumped to 640 million
omg same!
How old r u an ur hot lol
Oh, man...there is so much good food to choose from, it's hard to pick who to buy what from.
One of everything, please!
S/o to my new followers
Great to hear!
ugh take me with you I'll pay whatever haha.
Harry Connick Jr.
blushes, smiles after finding out he's a descendent of a Confederate soldier
If your not a pats fan you can stfu now.
Well when it comes to those parts it sure ruins a lot of peoples days
California became the first to discover that it was fantasy that led reality, not the other way around.
William Irwin Thompson
Pimps up, hoes down
Wing ball pressure eliminates the skip pass, discourages postentry passes, disallows a jump shot, and encourages turnovers.
When is all nice to it makes me sick I will always love more than breezy never will 4giv
These multicolored lights going off on the front of Aria make it kind of difficult to fall asleep!
Has a soft spot for Becoming Jane, a little bit of Anne/James before switching over to
Volunteering at the cat shelter on Sundays is just about the most rewarding thing ever.
Just wanted to wish you well, have fun and be safe, uncle :
Albert Pujols strikes out in the 9th.
Brewers 3.5 games in 1st Place.
Ball Game
Brand is bigger than the sum of the parts
Ha, you've got her there.
So ridiculous that she would even try and pull that without telling you...
intimate immensity is an apt name for the indescribable collection of Larry and Susan Marx...opening tonight  Hammer
working all the time on projects that will be released very soon!
What's up tho?
Trying to understand derivatives, the Volcker rule  this big J.P.
Morgan 2 billion effup.
Ah!
Real Monsters, season one.
I'm incredibly easy to love, but tend to break hearts.
reunion Of uikend in Stephen M Ross of the school of business The Web password If you have any questions write If you :
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will ne at Jefferson and Masthead Thursday for Lunch Service
FF FollowFriday RT : Guys.
GUYS.
Guys.
Guys.
GUYS.
me parenting
thanks for following
Hello World!
Happy Birthday , i love you
Sometimes i amaze...Sometimes i dissapoint ..
Staying in Lexington, Virginia tonight.
It is indeed the cutest little town ever!
They still have a peeble's
quote of the day: The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Lets Go Party !
Hell Yah
: lol tell that to fleetwood Mac Does anyone have Fleetwood's number?
Or at least an email addoctorss?!
RT : The California Primary is in 3 weeks and I have seen ONE, yes only one, Romney bumber sticker LOL
Prefinished Brazilian WalnutIpe 3/4 x 3 instock, Natural dark brownish black tonesextremely durable.
well i arrive just in time for MAndy to get himself 2 match points.
all the fun  none of the angst!
er, he better take one of them...
Lucky teacher!
It was good to part of the discussion w/ the tech community on navigating Annapolis.
BTW, I have thicker skin!
RT : Nurture your Relationships.
When people feel they know  trust who u are, they'll invest in your brand every time.
Thanks for getting your banners!
Aftermath, Blood Feast, Dead Alive and TCM2.
why do so many people suck today???
LOL Ah, can't wait to get home and be a FUCR, literally a FUCR, lol google it!
I knew would never let us down
Stop being so damn doctormatic, queen.
I want to be alone.
RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Announces 14 Gain in Operating FFO for ...
MarketWatch
We will be speaking loud about it; we will not stand for being blamed for mistakes made by donors says Pires from
: I only get doctornk on days that end in Y.
Happy 1 yr anniversary to Thank you for all you do to promote safe school environments for our students.
RT : Welcome everyone to Savannah for the Rock N Roll Marathon!
Good luck for a safe race!
It blows my mind that this is even a discussion, along with contraception and abortion.
Smiling n my face wit dem 2 dirty ass golds
I don't care what says, you're alright in y book
Somebody let me know who wins..
NP Higher : This somg never gets old!
...
you do that it'll be fun time lol...
yea man, to touch another life is why i do this.
im happy we could help you through.
The Adobe MAX show is from October 3rd to 5th.
Lots of new and exciting opportunities to learn new cutting edge technology.
Thankful for business travel reps since my 1st attempt at flying was cancelled.
Not ok at 5am
8 days of school left.
Summer, Where you at?
Fell asleep in the bathtub....
Again....
Who's using pay per view model for electronic journal articles?
With which vendors?
Swag...
Swag...
Swag.
Youngins, that's the best you got?
Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
if we were lying on a beach together, DONE!
High at work  ugh.
Newt Gingrich on Hannity last night.
Republicans can't win the White House by blasting away at each other!
Newt makes good sense!
my fav.
weather I need 2 be were u at but um check out my boy Gutta J Nino Brown on youtube
there are places where you can buy manic panic in england.
Who's going to Bamboozle!
Goodbye mister Potato Chips
do you think it will be bigger than Vinny and Chachis workshop?
Hope to see you there Steve!
RT : I try to go to BizExpo even those years when I forget to preregister...
jcwesterwear.com has all you western wear need HUGE SALE,,shop in stores or on line
Totally!
I was literally yelling at the screen, You did not just do that!!!
Finally a day to sleep in, now waking up to some strawberry pancakes!
happysunday :
who cares
yep.
Big reason why bynum didn't get a flagrant when he pulled McGee to the floor
I'm a student of history, not a professorssor.
Let's Talk Cake!
Baby Shower Cake, Birthday Cake, Wedding Cake any kind of cake 
Worst damn week EVER
There's a lot of conversation between How's your day going?
and Can we get together?...Can your SPOUSE get in that chat with you?
KB
Finally Man vs Wild has another season on Netflix!
Bored ass fuck, watching a movie in class .
this bell needs to ring!!
silent night is just freakin beautiful.
Good win tonight team!
Lets get another one tomorrow!!!
Hood morning Queen
Bring on those questions!
oh ok lol
I wonder how many  480Bridge  references we'll see on Twitter after the Browns picks tonight??
LOL
And apparently in some sections women just start stripping and changing in the middle of the room!
He obviously doesn't have the discerning eye that you do....grin
thanks so much for the follow!
If you are in the market for a new mattress or any sort of furniture please let us know!
Love that vanity.
I have never seen one like it.
I dig it q/t with a boo is always great  needed
Best thing I've heard all night.
xD
Then you are in luck, because they are changing the pages design to Timeline so it will be what you are used to
A key to leadership is to duplicate others strengths, not just your own.
SeanLetwat
lmao yea its not my fault psh don't pretend you didn't mistake it once either:P
Written in HTML/CSS w/ Markdown  doctorpbox, and compatible with , I present to you my official site/blog
In memory of all those lost one year ago today in the Japan earthquake  tsunami.
Sending thoughts  prayers to the survivors.
RIP frank white
stop dm'ing me.that shit I.
Cant even see it!!!!
He is attractive.
What's a dawg pound?
Lol
RT  Happy World IA Day, everyone!
Please tweet a hello and mention where you're celebrating.
wiad cc/
Don't miss Zara's Acting For Film workshop at SOURCE on Monday!!
It's gonna be cool.
thanks!
Good luck to you too!
See ya after the madness 
: You people love making crap up don't you.
and she's in!
making a banging track is one thing.
technology has gotten to the point that ppl can keep stuff in tune.
Glad to see your tweet about Electric Cars.
we are currently documenting youth building and racing electric cars!
hilarious!
Bet u got every play memorized...lol
I always imagine being that 6th grader when I shoot hoops alone.
My fadeaway is silk.
You Should Have It Would Have Been Sexy , I Would Have But I Wasnt For Sure If I'd Was You :/
Speaking of anteating fungi, wants to start Friday Night Write again, but this may interfere w/FNM.
Exactly!
I just hope he is ok.
I would fucking lose it if he's gone.
New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin will be doing a special talkback this Thursday, March 10, immediately following the performance!
Goodnight y'all!
Know that we are ALL beautifully and wonderfully made in the eyes of The Lord and He will nvr love u anymore or any less!
I feel like you doctoram about that a lot.
3 it girl, you be rocking it hah ; xox
you got it!
Yours, too!
smbmad food has kicked up a notch.
Bagels and lox?
awesome
Shooting a spoof on ABDC tomorrow!
Mario Lopez get ready.
I have some of those on last names on the one I have....starting from antuman faal though...
KINETIKLIFE all day every day....get ready for the big things comin your way soon!
Just added you.
Thanks!
He also attempted to turn up the tv with that darn imaginary remote....
Fest it up!
Happy 185th Birthday to the BO Railroad!
Half price admission all day 11am4pm!
Knicks/Rangers/Mets....FAIL
should all follow ; because he's a HUGE fan 3
is my life, my world, the reason i smile, lights up my days..
well 1D is my ONE THING 
Two more hours to vote for Ross!
New leadership for a safe SF.
Endorsed by current sheriff, democrats and bay guardian.
Vote now!
ladie on man on fire was slappin people like duck duck goose lmbao my dad dumb haha
have a blast.
i'll live vicariously thru the other Cindy :
Abby and for Mikey !
:
that was hilarious lol
Well, that settles it: misterKnow It All was definitely written about Obama.
bad gateway the fuck
But needs a win.
You couldn't go easy on him?
Totally.
I'm feeling all growed up right now.
ah, gotcha.
gracias.
been like 3 months.
Every tv show / movie I like come on ween I'm not at home.
, .
babe I wuvv you 
They're not THAT good, correct.
But they ARE different.
And that counts for a lot.
Brewers need a SS much more badly than corner infield.
Those mornings when you wake up and feel like you can take over the world!
YAY!!!
Can't wait to see you again in Lexington Saturday!
Spent so much time at the Convention Center last week that I keep putting my hands under the faucet expecting it to automatically turn on.
Between the horrid etiquette of the 911GZM and the human remains exploitation of the Sept11Muse, very disappointed in NY right now.
Raiding a frat party is the best offer of procrastination I've received all day.
Think this catalog essay can wait?
Hey , you have a minute for a quick question?
If so, could you please DM me?
Thanks
Why is Muppet suddenly a slur?
I think Miss Piggy should open a can of hiYA on those Goldman bastards.
Who's coming to our show Dec 18th at Olies Point?
:
thank you
I would take you in a heartbeat if you wanted to go but the flight is long and horrible to get there but my family would love you
I like that our paint continues to weather and peel in respective poses.
Congratulations on announcing your run for congress  COURAGE LEADS!
Just got off work, cash flow !
Radio Times poll provokes online battle for Baftas  The Guardian
Who's going to expowest?
Come by the Nana's booth and say hi!
Lot's of goodies to try 
Reruns of scrubs and 2 and a half men
Where r u?
Happy Valentines Day!!
:
There were two javascript choices in the humansnotbots settings.
Went with the default, now I'm good.
lol sure.
Want a postcard too?
I am very sorry.
Sending you hugs.
Bitches I hate them so much..
Don't comment until you know all the facts/have the whole story.
TweetAndEat Bloggers should check out Google Trends and Google Insights.
So many amazing free tools!
Really?
That's good to know I hope the interview generates more followers for both of us.
New friends to be found!
I came to see in my time at IBM that culture isnt just one aspect of the gameit is the game.
Lou Gerstner, former President  CEO of IBM
Lack of money breeds creativity.
Thanks a nice mix of style.
Do you make it Arlington much?
Been to Northside Social?
So...where exactly did Cotton Eye Joe come from and go to?
Has anyone figured that out yet or are we all just done caring about it?
Switching between Oscars2012 and the nba all star game.
Difference in ads is striking.
MSNBC is reporting that Susan G.
Komen for the Cure has reversed its decision and will continue funding Planned Parenthood.
While tweeting?
I just did something I curse at Thais for doing.
I took a shortcut down a sidewalk on my motorcycle.
I feel bad for the people who let that one good one get away.....
now a days true love is just about impossible to find.
Thanks for the RT.
BillCosby certainly knows a thing or two :
and pretty much 30 more, i love going to concerts :
one week of school down and i am sick.
Sorry  walkjogrun.net!
that awkward moment when I don't like like you...
at all...
sorry...
Who is coming out Mulligan's Cordova tonight?
Music starts up around 9:30  see you there!
So far so good.
Life's life.
Oh hell no!!
RT But its just the stupid Rose Bowl
no I'm not choosing.
I love and care about both of you two.
I'd rather stop playing lacrosse than chose between u guys
Juggernaut has beats!
met a few chicks that really enjoy the game watched it for years n didn't play.....but then again they older
Each candidate is tested on a computer software program with the purpose of assessing their professorciency on tasks required for the position.
A new season is about to begin!
'DOUBT: A parable' will begin September 30th and run through October 9th, Mark your calenders!
first BlackBoard reference of the morning.
25 players have hit 25 HRs but no one team dominates  5 teams have 2 players who've hit that many.
totally agree misterBouris !
I want too
You love Poe.
You know you're too close when....
Tell her I got my mister degree, lol.
Had one year left, then I ran off and got married.
Building focus groups for a large brand research project.
Coordinating people's time might be the hardest part of branding ;
Thanks so much Michael!
:
is just waiting on fruit flavored to come out
Love my new belt....
It's a restraint I stole from the asylum
slider by Patrick Robinson is sneaky good.
Life of a ball player on the cape for the summer
I read about it about an hour ago; it's starting to burn on the net.
y so u want me to follow if ur not even following me u said follow back and I dud
Rest in Peace Richard Hamilton!
It's easier to smile than frown, let's fuck?;D 3
I've never listened to them before but I'll check them out soon
Get them rings ladies :
People hold onto the past because they fear nothing that great will ever happen to them again.
Having access Justin Beiber's fan mail would probably be like having access to the government's child pornography database.
Yep, I wrote it with you guys in mind ;
Thank you for following me Josh 3
Know anything about a Bay Shore Ave in SF?
I see enough directory references to think they might not be errors, but ?
We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your dinner!
Come back for Happy Hour!
Dont let someone elses opinion of you become your reality.
Les Brown
where you watching at?
it's 9:19 am here and i could really go for a bbq rib.
is that weird?
I always forget to download Pages on my iPad 
Got q little excited.
Saw a guy who looked like Ronnie.
I almost died a little.
Obama Admin Leadership theme: doctorw big salary but know nothing and blame subordinates.
The Buck stopped THERE.
It's consistent.
Watch 'em.
Watching a great NatGeo documentary about White House photographers on Netflix.
Really interesting stuff.
I wish!
needinears some of us don't get headphns on stage like Ambrose RT : You always talking about ur voice...
I did
Got to listen to the entire album yesterday and it sounds great!
Can't wait for the official release.
Erm, for whatever i said xx can't remember now xx
Treating at East Side Studio, I feel relaxed and excited!
It could be the soft, quiet rooms.
It could also be the choochoo train.
hey.
I've been writing George  he told me to tell you hello!!
for sure.
haha
By not reaching the bigger points, 9th Cir.
has given SCOTUS little to go off of.
Looking for an Olympic connection with Skype...Any suggestions?
Checked in w friends in Hawaii.
They are bracing for possible impact from Tsunami and wide spread power outages.
Better capitalize.
Need points.
I turn within for guidance and receive it immediately.
Met a pretty girl And I wanted to make her mine.
Steelers are home week 2 and 3 and away week 4.
thats all i got for you right now
are you girls at the general store?
I would like to put together a photo book of my paintings.
Does anyone know someone who can do it inexpensively?
Sorry to hear of the loss of your friend.
hugs
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
hangs doctorwall.
I'm sure he knows nothing utorrents.
I don't hang doctorwall and I have no clue as well.
:
this is probably a weird question, but what's the shade of your hair color called?
I love it and want to go red eventually.:P
Zilyen does some really great promotional creative too!
Available now Erase E 'Good Living' get it now in iTunes and cd baby...
Staying out late on a Sunday for live.
Milwaukee's Sunday concert crowd is worth it.
Man ponies and all.
She played the strongest game !
Together,  provide an outline of 8 years of educating for innovation.
in Creating Innovators
Probably not.
: My fianc just started his MFA program in Fall 2009.
Just moved in the summer from NY.
Great day organizing business.
New Partnership with great MUA coming soon great new and different projects...
Good night!
Greenwood resident Mary Harris  owner of The Fiber Gallery  wins 1st night of Jeopardy, but loses 2nd; has great fun....
Turn on my car and MAINT REQD starts flashing.
If I close my eyes, it's fixed, right?
Great night at with We doctornkourfacesoff while watching the nucks win and take over first place.
high grade
Who's ready for brewers opening day?
superfans sure are!
my sisters are saying that nutella is the worst thing in the world now im mad at them !!
Yeah it's pretty good.
Not amazing but definitely worth a listen.
what's fucking lame about fuck?
;D
Um, I'm more than slightly jealous....
that would be great
Congratulations to on making it to the NHL Playoffs for the first time in over 10 years!
black friday www.inlinewaiting.com
Thanks guys!
I had a great time this morning.
hey you are on the list
Gave him a piece of my mind that felt good
Who are the broncos taking with the 2 pick?
I did see that.
I'm sorry.
:/
FOLLOW ME BACK: 63
Reggie Evans, two huge buckets in that 4th Quarter Clips run...which begs the question: Do you wish you still played for the Raptors?
RT: Alcohol: Because no great story ever started with someone eating salad.
Umm well we're no millionaires so I'm off to doctoram about how it would of been if we would of won!!!
Goodnight  have rich doctorams.
Cafe virus is vampire lounge sexy.
Love itch on the stereo.
Dark and dark red.
Casey chisholm is setting up to start off our night.
I should be doctornking by now
Thanks for the quick reply!
you jerk face.
Well...
you know how those ravaging hoards of Morten Lauridsen fans can be.
Learned today Charles Mingus wrote Goodbye Pork Pie Hat, a favorite as my second marriage was ending.
I still like Ernie Watts's cover best.
I Love when 6pm hits!
Work day was WONDERFUL today
okc or san antonio are my only hopes to keep lebron ringless since my bulls lost rose i need you guys on point
maybe it has something to do with air pressure?
welcome and can u do me a high favor by following
Smokers.
Gross!
I try not to think that because it really doesn't!
:
Actually I've heard the band in that picture and they are terrible.
You neglected to mention that we were celebrating your one year anniversary with us.
needs more than croissants.
From Jay Leno  as soon as George Steinbrenner made it to heaven he fired God and told Jesus to lose the beard.
In honor of the awesome season finale of parksandoctorc, everything I say tonight will be sung, a la Jean Ralphio.
Never let any negative person change your direction in life, either keep going...or turn on your hazard lights and let them pass by!
Hope this doesn't seem like a strange question for you, BUT: Do you know of good alternatives to StateFarm?
you should think of making a dairy free almond ice cream :
Because they all know they got handed a win by the league.
Lunch time where the FukuBurger?
lol:p
Volkswagen Eos: 2001 Volkswagen Golf Reviews
job change fear 2: I won't find something I am good at  what if I hate the new job?
Just fell asleep for over an hour.
I am the worst road trip buddy ever.
good stuff
ugh I want some effin cherry crisp lol
I just think this highlights the neat thing about books: 2 ppl can read the same book  have wildly different reactions.
Everytime I see you, my heart doctorps 50 stories..3
Having been an opera singer I'm used to musical repetition in my head, but that fucking MacArthur Park is doctorving me nuts AAAAARGH!
Completed the capital 10k with my wife and son in the stroller this year and managed to find just about ever potty along the way.
So slow.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?Sun Tzu
Im always yelling im hungry.
Smh.
Chuck talking about there are too many fat asses out there,he forgot to look in the mirror.weight watcher evidently ain't wking for him lol
NO YOU DON'T
Close Encounters of the Pie Kind changemovietitleswithpie or Lost in Pie
lolol curly headed fuck..
U didnt call me fuck boy and i just got to class text me
you cannot weigh love in a balance; you cannot measure moral values; neither can you estimate the quality of spiritual worship.
Rage practice tomorrow, 5:30pm at Hickory Park in South Milwaukee.
Yes outdoors and yes it's padded.
Check website for directions.
OK.
The market is back in the green.
I am sure that the guys are hard at work to make it so.
that's awesome!
Good luck!!!!
i'm done playing the games you have me playing..
i see the game and i will beat it...
im ahead of you.
i will over come
You know what sucks about having my name be ...
I get mentioned on accident ALL THE TIME!
Nah fuck that, Butters ftw!
C:
This right here is a panty doctorpper performing tonight
I had it on constant spin backstage at turner yesterday.
Doing the same today
NowFollowing !!!!
A real big cheesehead ..!!
U the man ..!!
Haircut on me when u in the Milwaukee
if you love happy hour you would also LOVE bartab!!
: RT : I like Philly
Two nursery trips in for 2011 and it's not even April.
Gotta love springtime at the nurseries on Long Island.
These fools im sittin by keep sayin Bernie Mack played Big Worm....he was in Friday, but hes the fake preacher not the icecream man
You're right.
That makes it totally worth dealing with the app store policies.
Thank You!
Happy Easter 3
If the Rams get Michael Floyd at 14 that's a huge win for them.
RT : Don't let someone who gave up on their doctorams talk you out of going after yours
Foolish!
That's 8 letters.
Illegal.
Not a single student in the room on MySpace.
Only two on Twitter.
It's just really annoying, said one student.
We don't care.
I LOVE YOU
whoa down kitty!
lol cool it
Hanging out with tonight in DC!!
:
Thanks and  Collaboration is key!
LOL!!
Good one
omg me either the food in my school is nasty
Me, too!
ThinkMakeDigital very interested in folks' thoughts on c21nonhuman tweet space mixed w/conf space.You are encouraged to share thoughts.
Blue Plate Special: Chicken fried steak sandwich, side salad and a doctornk only 10!
You betta believe dat!
aww thanks so much!
Right back at you!
:D
I JUST REALIZED.
omg.
Ohh cool, what are you listening to?:
Alright osu Let's do this
Follow me please guys and I follow you I promise!
Ok, ok, WHEN you do something awesome!
Tmister is way too early.
I need like 2 months to get prepped for the Slacker amt of awesome.
ate my weight in yoghurtland that shit is the shizzle.
now feel like a small pie about to explode arhhhh
I agree.
Strings are very important.
Especially for slapping and popping.
The ones in the solo video are somewhat new...
AMAZING season finale!
Totally did not see that coming.
Made me cry.
: Can't wait for next season.
Thank you!

Love the new Hollywood sad core sound and the masterful reinvention of Lizzy Grant.
Brilliant!
Imagine facing eviction or domestic violence without a lawyer...
connects families to that help.
I can 100 guarantee you that we are not paying them.
You are.
thats how i feel right now
Very interesting discuss on keeping your Cdoctorlow at sfsnacubo.
Outreach, education, accountabilityeven before borrowing.
because I totally do that
That's a pretty strong statement.
WHAT DID TWIST MAGAZINE SAY ABOUT GREYSON?!?!
This is what happens when im off Twitter..
Just hit 12.4k tweets :D
Good Morning Crew Fans, Brewers traded for KRod
That's true!
R.I.P 2 MY CONDOLENCES GOES OUT 2 AND CALI SWAG DISTRIC FAMILY.MBONE KILLED!
DAMN THATS CRAZY.VIOLENCE!
SMH!
:
Oh!
I'd rather be sippin' with our winemister too: :D
It's absolutely beautiful outside!
SpringHasSprung :
I never gave the Broncos a chance.
I feel like I need to go repent right now or something.
haha that video was funny as fuck
Teaching is not a vital function, because they are not an end in itself, the vital function is to learn.
Apparently Apple made some sort of announcement today, but iDontcare
Can you forward the citation?
I've been working on something about the Yazoo Scandal.
Who is God in your life...
About to watch the Hunger Games
It's time we start producing Men with relavant voices for the community we don't need anymore scared 5 fld leaders!
I shall dm you my new number!
God help me :S
!!!
RT : If its one thing that I can't stand is a fuckin two faced person!
I think mcmillian will be able to compete for a starting job soon and do a good job at it.
Seems will contribute anyway possible
Home with a sick child.
Crossing my fingers for something that will not race through the family this time.
It's possible I got my own hashtag wrong.
Oops.
shehechat at 8pm CST.
Join us if you dare!
that tweet was white
how serious do you think Iran is taking us...or do you think Isreal has everybody second guessing
Absolutely.
Thanks man, it is a take no prisoners kind of mentality on this pres.
Doin work
Now 48 hrs with no power.
Energy co.
Promising by Sept.
3.
Going thru fridge n tossing n making a list of food damage.
Smells yummy.
Not.
Cause the man from Mars is thru with cars he's eating bars yeah wall to wall door to door hall to hall He's gonna eat 'em all Rapture
hey u fine young thang lol
NYC...
We love you!
Thanks for 2 great shows..
Well b back for all of u that missed it!!
Discovery of Cairo Genizah a suspense thriller
Authorities believe shooting case Roger Clemens lawyer claimed steroids evidence was likely caused by UN.
Nilges  ContentDM is bundled with Worldcat subscriptions for small libraries
I always hated when my scars started to fade, because as long as I could still see them, I knew why I was hurtinq.
My word that was a strike.
I like that part of the Goyte song when he sings like a woman.
So basically I like the whole song.
Think it also helps he has practical experience recruiting these Midwest towns and players.
Today was a depressing day, but I got threw it thanks to god
Just got into an accident.
Just my luck.
Keep your faith in all beautiful things; in the sun when it is hidden, in the Spring when it is gone.
I swear I be missing my husband everytime we don't talk : /
You'll know it's a good show when I can tweet between the songs...
earn money from home: grab your ebook to earn daily 150 or more from my blog
So Motionless In White is going to be at warped tour this year!!!
Are any of you guys fans?
I am!
Jordan Meyer
tatoos, dimples on my face, height and a broken heart......
pls rank flex non ppr Stewart, t jones, steve johnson, lynch, v jax.
Thanks!
That looks very ordinary!
The Day Ahead: Limited Domestic Econ Leaves Greek Swap Deadline in Focus
I'm a rollwiththepunches kind of girl, but I get all hinky over the Golden Corral chocolate fountain.
what was your fav part?
if you could be a boy for a day, what would you do during the day?
:
Thanks for following me!
Happy Friday!
I can't read minds.
I can't see through steel.
Wow I'm really feeling him.
I love doing shit like that on my own...NAT!
I do like them though
Y can you see her thong  Stone washed jeggings  a denim thong smh
I Ain't Even Gone Wipe The Crust Out My Eyes lmaoo G Ima Text You First Thing!
what's bothering you baby?:/ if it's something I said/did tell me I'm sorry babe:/3
I took my brothers hate off so he punched me then pushed me  said your not in second grade!!
your the one who just flipped out over that
you too!
lol....really bad this time of year bro...I stay strapped with it...lol
So a DJ from KEXP described Black Cherry Crush as Sexy, not a word usually attributed with Seattle bands but Sexy is Good and Good is Sexy!!
lol  i was intrigued enough to install in last night...never snapped a pic yet.
time to uninstall.
I was asked to appear but couldn't make it.
Gr8 segment tho.
Did u c it?
Just finished watching TheArtist.
A brilliant and beautiful film!
Congrats to and all involved!
Go get yourself an Oscar!
smoke!
Tomorrow you're gonna be in class, well if you even go, let's go smoke yajaira!
Haha
Yes they are, site should be fully functioning very very soon and you will see more and be able to purchase.
Still up....
Sleep soon?
my birthday is tomorrow, and i have to work from 128...
that gives me 3 hours between school and work to celebrate yay.
That awkward moment when a fat person has their shirt off...
just heard a radio commercial for a hank williams jr.
concert
girls that wear doctorsses with the cut all the way up their hip ha 
aw you just made maa morning baebee!
I am not waiting on Obamathat's for sure.
where the wolfies at :D
did you and your girls have fun last night at the NFL doctorft party at Bounce Sporting Club?
RT : 3 people tied for the lead at the British open means that I am not going to get anything accomplished til it's done.
You can see the bugs in her hair !!
now booking 2012 tour.
Email us  if you love us.
Venues suggestions are good, house parties better
I just wished for: 'Why Won't You Just Tell Us the Answer?: Teaching Historical Thinking in Grades...
via
Thanks for your RTs, good ppl!
Don't so much care what you think.
I can like all of them and my QB.
People oppose him to just be like that.
You'll have a blast!
Go for it!
You'll make some amazing new friends and enter into a whole new world!
Rah Rah Rah!
Go go go!
Only one sport enables a team to stay in its back yard for a full regular season and win a national championship: college football
You teach history, no?
Shaky German better than no German!
Shaky German for Germandept faculty?
Uh.
RT : We don't need to turn every idea into a diamond, just the ones we want people to remember.
RT : UFC pay per view tonight.
Starting now.
No cover.
PBR rodeo across the street
If I'm going to deal with traffic like this, I might as well be dealing with it in DC.
Tonight With any order receive a Free Medium doctornk with any Burger or Wing Order
paleo dinner: Leftover steak made into stir fry.
Feeling like I need a tablespoon of almond butter for dessert!
9 weeks and 4 days .
I can't wait till my little girl or boy is in my arms , it's going to be so precious !
Friday the 13th is when I get my foodstamps
are you still out partying right now??
Happy Birthday General :.
your awesome, i love u nd hop ur day was fantastic
thanks for the RT
when did we decide as a society that mac n cheese is the greatest meal ever?
lets face it y'all, the cheese comes in a box as powder :/ haha
offline deuce deuce.
Thanks for the follow!
Good to see you Will miss it too.
thank you and same to you!
It's a great Monday morning!
:
Went hard at dance and got to see !!
3
the one where Garrett's going?
Is that rain?
LOOK OUT YOUR GIANT ASS WINDOWS, ZOOEY!
Great catching up with you.
A classy man and always a pleasure to work with.
Let's stay in touch.
Pays over your NFC
no should i
If she is not guilty does that mean that there is a child killer on the loose?
Laker fans always talk shit about Lebron after they win games We almost got eliminated by weak ass Denver yo but Lebrons a pussy
Same here!xoxo
Movie night, at my house, in two weeks: having a scary movie marathon
If u ain't gonna do it right don't do it at all
you mentioned me babes
Alf is addicted to eating cotton.
Ha!
Agreed.
We need to make an event out of it!
you don't even have to ask lol
Hope you get the wild card I heart you
bro my sub is extra dookie
Dude jeted down that court
You have to go!
It's a special little place.
Wow, cousin.
Talk about an early start.
It's New Year's Eve.
I'm all about the babble!
I LOVE YOU!!!3
.
fund us so we can support their relief work by spreading the message of appropriate donations
sexy strange one though
we spend life away
Congrats to our newly elected PL Section officers!
Co Chairs Brooke Mullican/Janet Walker, Vice Chair Jean Nichols, Secretary Pamela Wiggins
Thanks Hooligans :
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Be creative incorporate a color besides red  blue, purple, gold, silver...
U.S.
Stocks skid Wednesday in second straight day of losses.
Dow doctorps 125 points.
Nasdaq falls 1.4, SP500 dips 1.
it is unlikely, as we haven't made it there yet.
soon, son.
soon.
dude i swear there is a pregnancy epidemic going on.
damn !
You bet.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new pagee now
yup.
Didn't see that but he pitched the 10th.
John Mayer's new song 'Shadow Days' is 'farewell letter' to ex Jennifer Aniston  New York Daily News
Being thirsty is never attractive Turn Off
Morning Rockstars!
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
Benjamin Franklin
Yessir im going to
For the 18th time this evening, I'm going to try to back away from my desk and rejoin the land of the living.
Pokemon Leaf Green, all day.
TwoThingsIWant Strawberries  Crme Frappuccino and a KISS !
: who can get me those??
Turned a 3.5 hour shift into a 5 hour shift.
A guy can wish can't he?
Hospital cafeteria breakfast soon.
Prollly beter than gas station grub.
I'll be busy all day :/
I still haven't forgiven you from last week.
Permanently focused.
Learning while I'm going.
ok.
that is really creepy.
I'm sure it uses an algorithm of some sort from a database but I picked OBSCURE people.
go die.
Your story is AMAZING!
Too bad you weren't on a Buddy Bike!
;
Braun hits 3 HR's and a Triple, yet continues to stroke off Kemp and not mention Braun on their MLB page.
Not once.
can you play  Sweet Love  by !
does deja vu still mean that there is a glitch in the matrix?
haha I'm such a queer.
I sent like 20 DMs so they were funny
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
ALSO FOLLOW THE REST OF OUR CREW
Bout to get this workout in then, get a haircut
Yum!
Where do you live again?
; RT : My neighbor just brought Mac and cheese and more wings.
Who knew the dead piranha around Missi Giove's neck was holding her stash??
do you see Royal leaving SD without a contract or will he sign?
So The Donald sat frozen, staring straight forward, like a wooden Duck.
Wow the Duck got roasted.
Roasted or Frozen he's now Donald Duck!
that looks adorable...And tasty!
Anyone have cardboard boxes to loan or donate?
Heading to our show : can't wait to perform for everyone today:
Good!
You?
you seem in good spirits today darth
Payday Advance Loansget Money Before Your Payday
: RT if you are a librarian with overdue books!
I'm a librarian's assistant with overdue books.
notashamed I am!
I have FINES!
good luck !
Not that you need it though:
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel in order to remember what you deserve.
YES!
Love that they have recommendations/action items EVERYONE can use  not just talking about their own experiences
RT  Albert Young is apparently on his way to joining the Jacksonville Jaguars, per his twitter this morning.
Sick...
But I'm at least getting great weight training in!!
love it!
Grizzly and Iceland Pure are also highquality fish oils for your pet.
Use liquid form and not capsules.
Capsules are 4x more expensive.
please follow me?
I love you!!!
We're back from our holiday break today!
Come visit us and see what we have in store for the new year!
What?
You think the Grand Pubah is going to leave his beloved USAFA??
thanks coach!
Oak ridge is doing big things!
basketball programs working together
You'll be fine!
: The end of the week will be a lot better!
You are such a creep!
Its a miracle my beautiful girlfriend left the hospital 2day w/only minor injuries after getting hit by a guy going 90 mph on new circle..
Followed:D
Awesome, take pictures and share!
:
meant to say McKinley already deleted my tweet.
heading to the Austin Women's Political Caucus.
GWBU is up 40 from our alert yesterday
I've never been happier to sit on a plane.
Thank you are an angel with ratchet straps
You hit the bigtime!
thank you!
haha I hope so too ;
looking forward to meet you at sxsw.
anywhere specific in the hilton?
You deserve to know how much I love you, you are worth it.
Fraid I do not have Skype
awesome...
hope she recovers :
I decided to sleep during my lunch break  I regret it already cause I'm hungry than a mf
You'll miss me now that I'm gone.
Can't wait
Aight guys, I've sent a pitch for a new show on her network OWN.
Let's see what she thinks.
This could be BIG!!!
I haven't tried all of them, but I'm a big fan of Hartl's.
Def recommend starting there.
Happy Thursday!
Make sure you have the umbrella on hand today and then happy 70's next week!
Watch the !
It says something about facebook's outlook that the only two options for its new chat feature are learn more and try it now.
have got to hammer out the last 10 pgs of this new fiction piece today.
Surprisingly a little sunshine might help.
Ready/needing/wanting summer and paseo and a frisbee
why don't you talk to me no more?!
i just picture him say muthafucka
qot into a fiqht with the table  it won.

Biggest challenge is yet to come..Marketing strategy
good morning what up with a follow just a friendly hello
It is really an excited moment of life...
Understandable, but too bad we can't add a note for future researchers.
Maybe I'll stick a note in our print vol.
Turns out I need a ball gown.
Where the hell is my fairy godmother?
'PHISSY' not so much.
doctorxel doctorgons doctorxel Basketball Backboard  Pendant  14KT Gold Jewelry
Ha ha.
Noted.
Thank you.
Excited to have completed Disney project!
Whoever follows me gets a HUGEE shoutout and a DM to to follow u!!
Just tell me if u did!!3
I came home with 10 loads of laundoctor....
sorry ma!
Charlotte, NC today!
Waiting in the lobby to go to the Warped grounds...
Its going to be crazy today!
damn Twitter...
I almost believed you...
See now I'm lying.
Jewelry  Metal Arts Club Jewelry Sale today and Tuesday 9am2pm outside the Student Center.
professorts support the SWC Jewelry Lab.
wow questionable call there...did Waltman have possession?
Good afternoon.
Enjoying some down time over this holiday season.
Looking forward to seeing Avatar this evening with the kids.
no worries!
It's hard these days not to offend SOMEone!
I do appreciate the knowledge.
Hope I can remember it for future!
LOL
holy shit!!
that is literally the most incredible band i think ive ever heard of...im sure i would explode in sight of them
itshardwhen no ones home and youre out of toilet paper...
Cano just never runs hard to first base.
where da fuq are you?
also, creeped on your other videos  am loving these clips.
Great talking to my LB today.
We teachers have to motivate one another.
I hope you take the time to look at my twitter long, it would mean a lot...
and Justin, thank you again....
Happy Birthday 3
Thanks everyone who came out Thursday night, it was a great time.
I think we kicked Bullshit's ass...
Im playing at the brick by brick in sd this thursday at 630 with my band..cruise out!!
Happy friday to you, man!
Stop right there that's exactly where I lost it.
See that line well I never should have said.
I went downtown  whooped dat mail box ass dat fied on u last weekend cause we don't play dat shit
Why isn't the keypad working?
Maybe this is a Windows 7 bug.
my husband, sitting next to me, speaking of his work laptop....
Cant Stop Listening To Taylor Issues 3 :
great!il check them out thanks :
Class has started, to get an A n my class what would u do?
Don't come to my class half stepin
When will or other quality kdoctorma services besides give us iOS apps?
Meek Milly signing with Roc Nation...
Another reason why Jay Z is one of the biggest cash cows in the music industry
what's up with that secret serum????
Whey and what else?
Good stuff.
Stressed but blessed
Live at congo square.
Love it.
Kill it brother GOSPURSGO RT : Spurs v Clippers 930pm eastern...Game 1 of Round 2, TNT tune in...
Mitt Romney set in motion the Skynet bankruptcy.
thanks!
I was confused as hell!
I'll be there man!
Chitown
Any type of brand integration will enjoy a bigger bang when its socially activated.
The CD Release was a HUGE success!!
Thanks to all of my fans, family and friends!!
I can't sleep with socks on, I don't know how people do it.
MY FEET MUST BREATHE.
Thanks for the follow , , , , and
lol I need to b there wit ya
Thanks for stopping in !
How was everything?
Okay, social media overdose.
Time to spin it down
The Silk Tie likes Michael!
lol I do that too
Searching for Network Programmers looking to join a A Seattle based studio.
Ping me 
RT : to the bears haha WOW.
Back with his BFF.
Only if you want to suffer the pain and heartache of humiliation and rejection!
Cute runners.
If only my MT814ATs came that way.
Cleaning my apartment 45min before the maid service gets here.
This always reminds me how shameful  dysfunctional of a human I am.
we just observed history this afternoon in the NBA..
great game!
i got to say i was losing hope at the end of the 3rd.
BROY was amazing
The State Police have barracks on Martha's Vineyard?
Or did they come over on the ferry?
He will be publishing a version in AIR, I am happy to report!
Had a 5year old tell me today ...ain't today Saturday...I sad yes ...he said o ya yall go dumb on Saturday's ....all I could do is lol
Stopped at 500 since prior version was a Twitter List, which is capped at 500.
We Never Talk On Phone, Yet We Are So Close : Snowflake .
Size 12 Is Not Fat is a blast to read.
who needs a television when you have crazy neighbor doctorma happening right outside your window
agreed!
And I think best doctorssed!
I feel your pain: years of phone anxiety are embedded in my psyche.
Great thing about modoctorwrite: all the configurability/flexibility of Sendmail.
Downside: all the configurability/flexibility of Sendmail.
OH in VGW chat room: Diablo 3 beta is up and includes Macs.
How do I play  Click on things till they die.
Pick up stuff.
Click again
Hi love!
Doin great!
keepin busy!
Miss Usa is around the corner!
ahh I cant wait!
How are you?
Sound libraries are a ridiculous sometimes.
Yes, I too can press keys on a synthesizer.
Very cool, thanks!
I think I'll have students read the code as an exercise.
bob dylan
haha oh.
How old r u now
thanks!
Sorry, I thought I included you on the email when I left.
When auto correct puts shot instead of shit 
do you have a link?
I wanna use it on my radio show Monday morning!
lmao yikes, I'm scared!
; or intrigued
Out of the 5 girls on the bar, all of them have great asses.
I love being back in NYC!
Amel Larrieux concert tonight.
Woo hoo!!
anotha restless/ sleepless night.
I wish someone would come over  keep me company while i babysit this lil rascal.
lol
This is my summer..
Guaranteed, I'm gunna grind my fucking ass off man!
There's too much motivation in front me right now!
thanks buddy, I'll text you tomorrow, it's going to be a LONG day
I'm interested in how one might achieve a synthesis between principles of the Buddha and real Christianity...
Monasticism?
Perhaps..
lmao!!!!
You are a mess!
Working at the Cracker today!
Gotta get my ass out of Sheboygan and back to the city in which I work....
Why am I still tweeting..
haha!
She looks all innocent and shit, too.
Im snickering to myself over here
Life is not waiting for an ACELife is playing the hand you were dealt InSpotter app
Glad you are back!
RT : reformer class !
back in the saddle; hadn't taken Pilates in a couple of weeks
Thanks to everyone who followed us back!
LA's is using mobile tech to give day laborers  domestic workers platform to tell their stories.
We are open tonight  the Sunday 4:30 Hot w/ Bethany and the 7:oo Tibetan Sound Immersion are on.
I'll post here by 8 am with Mon.
updates!
maybe there will have been a mixup at the archive factory last night and all my documents will now be wacky and chocolate dipped.
Kanye is not so good at sincerity.
I guess because he still makes it too much about him, even when he has a good gesture.
follow me on viddy natalieeerose ill follow back :
Well the evidince is gone
Pretty sure your not suppose to be 20 years old with a son living with your parents and younger sister, but hey I didn't fuck up my life..
You don't marry someone you can live with  you marry the person who you cannot live without.
Unknown
i love you more
Do any of you live in Oregon?!
we wish you could be here too!
Wow, still stuffed the morning after my wife's birthday dinner!
Tomorrow is the day we take to really sit and give thanks for all the things we have, make sure you spend it with the people you love most
yeah, get back to work
They keep feeding actual over wrestlers to Clay, that what really sucks!
High school journalism teachers: Do you teach 'literary' journalism or longform, narrative journalism?
90 of websites are crap!
Learning how to be the 10 from
is everything ok over there?
May God comfort you to know that he listens to everything on your mind and is already planning how he will ease your troubled mind.
PMJ
says visualization isn't enough control panels are half the DataViz story
So having a good bday cant wait till I go to flordia
i'm in facebook
Hey Canada  how about two out three?
;
Bitches can call bitches bitches.
my mom is not entirely convinced that the catnip is effective on cats.
She is convinced, however, that the squirrels love it..
We will be livetweeting excerpts from tmister's events with the Congressional French Caucus, re: nuclear waste.
Watch this space for more!
classic as always.
Toilet paper commercials make it seem like I'd be cuddling and playing with that shit.
when are you ustreaming?
:
fascinating Romney prepschool story.
Read like a YA novel.
Everytime I hear HAM Session and says  I'm scary I laugh.
Hope all is well Peter!
Its been awhile.
I have more GreenRiver with your name on it here.
real shit I need a girl in my life like she badder then a 3yr old  she know how to hold her man down.....
You the  ma
Hey, you want to go on a photo adventure with me?
I'm determined to get pics at New Jackson Hotel.
Indians v White Sox game tonight starting pitchers: McAllister for the Tribe  Axelrox for the Sox
miss u to cuzo
haha oh true...im getting my hours changed
Successfully did my 14 mile bike commute with my PowerCranks!
Clipping in on start after stops at red lights was the hardest part.
Thanks!
If you are in LA, come see it!
xo
Wears jeans twice in a row no one cares, wear a shirt twice and your suddenly a poor homeless freak in everyones eyes
so true.
I was hoping you would say it was a joke...
but leftover sweet potatoes were practically made for plastic forks.
It was a pleasure to meet all of you!
I am honored to have had the privilege to speak and tell my story.
Thanks!
Is Art Basel pronounced Art BAHzl or Art Bazzle?
Just finished watching tonight's ep of GameOfThrones and the ending was beyond disturbing.
Waiting until next week is gonna suck!
I have 7 minutes to get doctorssed, pack my stuff, and make tea.
there will be a TP element to it that faculty could use.
It will measure both quality  quantity of participation
In the studio wit DJ Loui and Trey!!
1DFollowWE1DIRECTIONERS gotta get those tickets
OMG yeah Of course : you can use everything you want when I tweet you :D and u don't have to credit me ;
shes evil lol trust me she's mad at me now cause i just woke her out of her slumber.
Cause she was in the way.
Rest in peace Bella!
We will miss you!!!
:'
hoping to encourage eating of arugula by daughter by referring to it as wild italian green, called rocket.
plus goat sausage and spuds
I saw AmericanReunion last night, I would say if you liked the other American Pie movies, go see this one.
You won't be disappointed.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Viva la Vida fest last weekend!
We thought it was a great success....
what did you think?
Roberta Flack on Kevin Costner to CNN, they let Whitey speak at Whitney's funeral.
Check it out: just joined Twitter.
I would argue that working longer doesn't always mean working harder.
Job opening for Flash designer, must be good;
Because of you i play on the safe side so i dont get hurt.
Sheesh I can't catch a break.
Gardner, Ellsbury, Morse and now Jennigns all on my DL.
thanks for the RT!
you alive princess?
wheres the link?
Two martinis and I'm shnockered.
Got to work on building up tolerance before archives conference season.
each and every one!!
No film, all interviews.
Poise, humor, voice.
Dopelganger.
There is no greater feeling in the world than progress and getting goals accomplished.
WeAllNeed to Keep Positive People In our Circle In Order To Achieve Greatness
If you could only see you the way others do........: Not using a To Do list each day is like taking a long trip w/no GPS.
Easy 2 get lost.
I dont have windows to open, but I do have a balcony off our staff lounge.
I am more productive there in nice weather.
i notice effort trust me
Back to the beach.
I'm exhausted a nap and then more studying.

Welcome!
Can't wait till your site launches!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
u been in America to long to be fucking up on complete sentences.
Bear, ball, duck, dog, cat.
Haha If only congress would spend as much time on understanding the ramifications of a bill as they do thinking up its acronym
yes to VMworld12 not entirely sure about Synergy :
aww thanks for checking on me luv!
Hope affects our lives with either its abundance or its abandonment....
she's always been more of a possession receiver.
Late to school..
but who cares?
Only 2 and a half days left
follow me plz plz follow me
sounds delicious!
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist put a ring on it
yeah whatever dude
Cheesy pickup line of the day!
Tell this to your gf,wife or to any beautiful girl.Damn, if being sexy was a crime youd be guilty as charged!
Avoid spray paints, most of which are solvent based.
Use paintbrushes and rollers instead.
Man fuck these bitch ass nigguhs ;
I didn't think it was gonna be this hot today.
Why is all the interesting Schelling scholarship written in German?
He's trying to revive his career by freeloading off others tweets.
I WOULD.
I WOULD GO RIGHT NOW.
COME TO TEXAS.
c:
Rock Bottom Brewery : Lunch patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food.
Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
Did you get my email with my resume that was not attached to the first email?
Shyne Calls Himself a 'Legend,' Diddy His 'Brother'  Speaks on 'Gangland' LP
love the
Your childoctorn will grow up in a world without a keyboard  mouse  AND so will you!
soslam The movement is already happening...
An superb Vw car dealership in Phoenix let you obtain the fastest ...
Bout to go out to Joyce Leslie and Khols with and Christine bbl 333
Thanks, Brittan!
I also saw on your blog that you have a jobster?
Can't wait to hear more about it!
3
Happy Thanksgiving:
oh, you're the real shizz now!
my response to your last tweet just put me at 100 tweets from
Good luck with the ideas!
AlexIsATrueGentleMan This is so true : 
Landslide by Fleetmac
you didn't eat fries did you?!
Well he's a bad boy, but it feels good though.
going to the mall today ig
did really have a baby?
Expats, by Chris Pavone.
spy thriller taking place in Luxembourg, not my usual thing, but I lived in Lux in college!
I'm awake!
Mostly reading election results in NOLA.
Some upsets in yesterday's election...
Feeling under the weather ...blah
DC Start Up Weekend at Georgetown U as a mentor to teams.
Check out
Lurve you too woman
Chris Davis single to right doctorves in 2 runs with a throw to the plate too late!!
90
Who knew anyone liked the Pirates until ESPN decided to give them as much coverage as they possibly could
BART, BART, BART!
Why did you go and do something like that, BART?
Huh, BART, huh, huh, why?
At the Myd for men's vball.
How could the Hawaii team be so pale??
Needs summo followers
What do you call someone in the White House who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful?
A tourist.
loving the winter party pool party in south beach.
Huguely jury is sent out to decide how to proceed.
Judge says he could stay until 10pm.
Sometimes I would like to ram a pitchfork up my neighbor's ass.
In other words,
no, they'll go higher
The MAB Public Art Subcommittee meets today at 3pm  City Hall, Rm 303 w/special guest The Arts Board meets at 4pm  Rm 301A.
Hey, my friend has this cat...and it makes too much noise all the time!
God, I wish there was a product for that.
Any advice?
: The planet uses 300 billion paper cups a year, 200 billion in the US!
Big changes from redesigning one cup!
3DAYS TILL BOYFRIEND!!:
We just submitted a new client proposal.
Looking fwd to partnering with some great organizations in 2012.
Some flights cancelled at O'Hare after haildamaged planes grounded in Dallas.
No Southwest planes damaged.
Go online/call if flying today!
Question?
What do you think of the Mall?
We just added a Chaturbate 100 Free link in Stores section of the Mall.
Tell us what you think:
can't tonight have prior obligations
iknoww huh lol how you been, what classed you taking?
I did something I wasn't supposed to do today and thought of you.
:
what about mom?
So I'm...Pururun?
Please follow us on Twitter for our real time Stats and Updates

Never had a flu shot.
Never had the flu, either.
On my way!
SHRM RT Looking forward to hearing tomorrow speak about
Mother nature must be bipolar cause this weather is retarded..
i really want to hurry up and get to my 4,000 tweet already sheesh!
Watching my girl at gymnastics practice awesome!
Aww Thank you!
: and followed!
Thanks for the tweet friends!
This is quite an interesting concept.
Merry Christmas y'all!
also oops..
Haha
Seeing all these great pics of IMATS all day...awesome!
Can't wait to go tomorrow!!!
Keep them coming!!
me either, it takes time.
lol yeah for sure, whenever just hmu
I go hard So hard !
n 3 n
I liked Colloquy
Watched Limitless last time in Calculus class, now we're watching Insidious.
I wanna watch Inception next !!
Both.
Then again, my high school was overseas so it's always something I mention.
omg may go lol!!;
Miss u mom
Zac brown band tonight?
That's a possibility!
I eat peppis waayyy to much now
I wanna go home..
dammit!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe;
Alcohol, it fuels the desire but kills the performance...
Not necessarily sure I agree but I kinda like the quote.
Thats what I'm saying!!!!
vampires?
Or Puritans?
Goldfarb looks at the early signs and first tremors that announce the birth of a better world Reinventing Political Culture, out...
FADE IN: film flicker g gah flare gllliii tchhhh h light leak edit i in g light leak FADE OUT:
thank you for the mention!
Have a great day :
Happy easter!!!
:
: can't fkn wait we're ready for you to rip it sat may 19
what the hell?
Getting ready to head out to trio me an the queen

are u still at the venue?
Pretty lights just signed on for freepress!
3 Rat City Roller Girls detoxed with us last year.
Come on back ladies  'tis the season!
Call in for a special rate for repeat detoxers!
Thanks!
Hoping to order within the next week or so  think they can help me out if I ask at the store now?
Hey I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
Your allusions are horrible and strange.
well said
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
When u think differently on how to leverage sm, it opens the possibilities
they both leaving to start their own project up
Macaroni?
More like Smacaroni.
You woulda been all over that Helper.
I tried splitting myself in two but it didn't work out so well :
Formal education will make you a living.
Selfeducation will make you a fortune.
is that kim?
that wasn't the doctorads.
That was because of what u did after u woke up!
Lol.
i haven't ate all day, and i'm debating if i should or not; i could get doctornk a lot faster.
S/o to for hooking it up with a doctornk at lunch
Person familiar with move confirms that Jets have signed K Josh Brown, giving Nick Folk some camp competition.
I certainly don't!
Penalty shot...
this should be interesting...
A great week again.
A challenging week, but a great week.
Bring it on Tucson, call us with all your problems.
We are a can do alarm company.
Gas Works Park in Seattle gets gorgeous paint job Rich Haag's work shines again for the beauty it is!
Thanks to all who made it happen.
Home after a great 3 days at mom's.
It was good to see everyone, but it was also good to get home and curl up with my baby and the dog.
really hoping to rock the showcase in NYC this year!
good looks to for consistent;y providing opportunities.
I agree!
RT Thought MIP was beautifully shot and lit.
Awful script.
A waste of Cotillard.
that feeling is honestly the worst!
I'm mentioning you as someone worth following, so my EBUS118 students will be able to see that for themselves!
Sucker is code.
RT: just choked on my sucker.
If is a good example of the people you know, I can see why.
the best listeners will end up the smartestCharlene Li and Josh Bernoff
what's the right lane for?
i just pulled the trigger..
finally
meant Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl, but you get the point.
RT : Idea: have a classroom of people tweeting to create a collective set of notes that could be compiled.
Your thoughts?
of course you had to ruin it while calling me a loser
BostonEdison neighborhood, Hines doctor E Jefferson/Lakeshore
r u changing ur plans today b/c of incoming snow?
give us a shout before 5am we'll post responses on our 4:25am newscast!
I find my peace 2night and understanding more n more, what's meant 2 b, will b...
Disappointed with the last few versions of WP.
iAlwaysWonderedWhy LA has some many basketball teams !??!
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Rape is not about sex.
Rape is about forcing one's power and control over another person to humiliate and degrade!
Woo I guess so!
:D
naturally!
I loved school dances.
feeling nostalgic for a video of just 30 days ago.
just goes to show how fast things are moving theses days.
Happy birthday Theta Omicron chapter, installed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology on April 26, 1986!
One of those lovely morning where my body unnaturally decides to rise  6am....coffeetime Preppin for my afternoon audition!!
preciate it..
followed back
Do you have a special look planned for your Valentine's date?
If you need any help, don't be afraid to give us a call!
Is it some sort of oxymoron for politicos to complain about having to work on President's Day?
I just got Tweetdeck for Chrome.
Well...that's about the opposite of productivity.
all current and former UMW ds106 students, let your friends and enemies know that ds106 is coming to summer session.
10 weeks, all online!
I could get used to having a crappy website!
Ayye good morning
You're welcome sweetie
Is it time to release Pat Riley from his carbonite freeze?
I love the lines and contours and sounds of streetcars of all eras  these 50s jobbies have a submarine quality to them that I find alluring
how is NYC?
House IS open tonight and the show will go on.
It's just that the phone line is down.
I know that, just feel bad about you having problem.
I def would!!
Except in underwear ads.
Class of 2012 dont leave me...
The Arnold Fitness Expo is like the gorilla exhibit at the zoo if all of them were wearing Affliction t shirts.
Falling way back from now on
If someone wants to buy me Anthony Green tickets for June I would love you forever.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3 6
Could I get a shout out and a follow for a birthday present please?
My birthday is May 19!
I Am A Huge Fan Of You And The Boyz!
Calling on Ky Rep Chandler, and others.No cuts to the programs that provide a lifeline for people in need.
Thanks for a great webinar today!
Learned a ton!
Loves that all my fears and worries go away just from the sound of your voice.
Lol wtf they're playing yonkers at the clippers game
I'm really frickin tired, ugh.
I don't want to go to church.
/:
aww I love you too and it's ok we'll get through it together and I feel the same way!!!
He did more for the game than you could ever imagine.
Al Davis...
JUST WIN BABY!
If you say no to racism and encourage your childoctorn to make friendships across racial lines, you can make a difference in one generation.
Its either do business with vultures or deal with unemployment
Ready to see you kill it on the field this year.
I'm at Wing Bowl.
Check.
Omw to Work about to bus out 12 or 13 hours today
What a great day!
I mean, the sun was one thing but everyone who came in was so HAPPY!
Cupcakes  sunshine  love....
This guy was a huge fan of so the brand sent him a birthday box with a bunch of presents, giftcard, etc.
FREE anything at walmart!
, www.downow.info watch to end, then enroll www.dowsite.info I supply 125 leads a week, my info is on the site
I should have went to the PALACE tonight MAN!!!
UseATwitterNameInASentence is best friend but he dnt fuk wit me no more :
In DC w/ fellow grad student leaders about to meet w/ WhiteHouse staffers on gradschoolproblems.
Man, I've missed this town.
In his defense, Dove Valley is in kind of a weird location.
RT : Broncos say QB Tim Tebow has finally found the complex.
: It's not fair how you take advantage of the fact that i love you.
When guys my age call 14 yr old girls beautiful...
Uh
I can honestly say, I'm pooped!
Rainbow Coop Market should have some.
1745 Folsom St.
Whole Foods Potrero Hills should also.
450 Rhode Island St.
never mind looks like a problem with the UPS not your service.
lol you're a horrible bestfriend.
Pretty lame that you can doctorft a review on the app but you can't post it.
First day of work went great.
met a New friend and we both were put on as full time staff.
: ayye lol
Today's an off day for me.
Either that or everyone else is off.
if I do that and you don't show I will pay dearly!
How about we see you if you come back to Pittsburgh!
Coming anytime soon?
dear SNL , when is one direction gonna host ?
love , the world.
It's another great day.
The Almighty contours to smile on all of us, even me.
and NEVER GRADUATE
i love you so much Enjoy Your Day!!
happybirthdayjanet
Considering a short sale....better get it done by the end of the year....call me for info
Sure wish I was in Houston2012 right now watching this race.
All of you twitterers are doing a great job, though, keeping me updated.
20 MORE MINUTES AND IM OFF TUMBLR POST LIMIT jsnjnshjah finally shit
Morning wood, need to cum, so watching gay porn.
Wish I had a real muscleman with me right now.
Watching huBz play black ops is getting boring Z
trying to recover from 6 weeks out of the country.
will be selling at the Flea this holiday season!
I would do something like life on one wrist and /life on the other, haha
Thinking back on it..
I read The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood at a too young age.
Such a dark book.
I want you to want me.
At the Grad Resource Center for a presentation on EndNote.
How do you manage citations?
Come on over.
Nothing better than snuggling with a cuddly furry puppy on a cold rainy night!!!!!!
Yes!!
RT : Anyone else tired of hearing about Peyton Manning??
Rejected.
I just wanna crawl into a hole now.
MSU Vocal Jazz Ensemble with Sunny Wilkinson Thursday, March 31; 7pm at P2 in Old Town its farewell performance
omg well when you do don't buy a kitten without me.
And you should live in Uptown, obviously.
So over this morning
Hey!
Enjoying the gorgeous spring here in DC.
How are things in Ohio?
Well that was an utterly bizarre  completely terrifying doctoram.
starts writing it down
One Day You Will Notice All My Tweets And Finnally Follow Me ...
Cmon Please?
Help A Mahomie Out 3 FOLLOW PELASE?
3 3
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
going to school.
peace!
I also misspelled, misspelled, until just right now too, big learning day for me
Where can I read more about this?
in school almost done!
Hbu?!:
Worse pandora commercial: professorBurk gimmick from Univ of Farmers or the Inventions dude with the receding hairline?
Today's the day for you to Be Great, Be Inspirational, Be Extraordinary, and most of all
how is everyones weekend going!?:
Maybe I'll see you at the game!
heard the sfgiants might be interested in the Prince Fielder after all...
So what is the role of educators in cultivating mindfulness?
How/when/where does it happen in academe?
Coming up on nightbeat...latest details on Clayton Co.
schools decision not to cut athletics and fine arts  reaction from students.
Step it up a notch Detroit!
Z.
Frank talking about developing window of action in plays for data analysis .
.
.
10 speeches per window
hey, your the only whore bag I want.
Check your phone!!!!!!
hahahaha yeah I've gotten Pam Grier a few times..its the nose!
Lmbo!
Looked up Western Sky Financial today.
APR of 342.86 on a 850 loan.
Includes loan fee of 350, borrower really only gets 500.
Ben Folds rocks it.
Just want to be playing guitar right now....
School is such a bummer....
Ah lmao RT : lmao I heard there's a 2pac feature on that one.
When ordering eliquid, don't forget to compare bottle sizes with pricing.
Many offer liquids for 8 but you only get 7ml
Tweeting from my wii swagg.
Pat Robertson just walked by.
He is older than thought, stooped.
Got a cheer from one and waved in reply.
Those Japanese know good humor...although that was the best Cyndi Lauper impersonator I've heard in years.
go get em, big boi...
All of Milwaukee's behind you!
This is crazy, but I trust you...
Congrats to Philip Humber!
My parents just got home with Chinese.
3.5hrs in OHSU ER: I have never waited this long and it's unfortunate it had to be this visit...
If you need an ER in PDX:
SWEET!
Hey what's the best way to chat?
Want to email me?
OR call me at 8585736500
JUST A REMINDER!
NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING THE 12TH  13TH.
SEE YOU THERE!
dats my intimidation face...
Sox just announced 72' Throwbacks for all Sunday Home games
what happen hun
airplay?
Really?
Cool, thanks!
Lol.
RT : Ok the bobble head dolls are creepy.
WTF.
One Direction is so AMAZING!
yes, bobby mcboyboobs
See you on the other side Uncle Zay  if I'm fortunate enough.
I miss you already.
Good luck!
In America, online consumers will google motorcycle tires; however, in the UK they would type in motorcycle tyres.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
RT : People are right to be angry.
But it is also right to be worried about where populism could take politics...
on the bright side...it's the last day of classes!
Made it back from Savannah in time for another GoSee.
Getting ready for event weekend no.
21!
TRIBEFEST in Vegas  attendees make sure 2 check out Gift of Life booth here  register to build the list of transplant donors 2 save lives!
what????
I don't think I can do that!
Oh hey caffeine addiction.
Thanks to finals we're reacquainted.
Did not miss you at all
I'm Red
10 weekcs later, and I proudly proclaim...
to hell with math.
Glad I passed...
now it.
Can kiss my ass...
haha CANT WAIT....its the best summer!
Someone made me want to go to the fair and get on the zipper : i cry
MixedoctorceProblems , People Think Juss Cuz Our Hair Is Good, It Can't Ever Get Nappy.
Yes It Can.
And my fucking headache starts now this lady gets on my last fucking nerves
Ill be in Boston for marathon monday but until then no immediate plans to be up in the NE...hopefully that'll change though
Dang it, Dang it, Dang it
Teens: Bloomfield performs  tomorrow's Coffee House.
It's FREE!
Open 711pm, show  8:30.
311 S.
Madison.
BE THERE!
;
Played 10/25 cash last night.
Lots of good young players.
Game wasn't good but haven't played it in a while so not sure how it usually is.
Blackouts of Fox covered weekend games really decreases the value of You'll want to consider that before subscribing.
Were sorry to hear that!
You should check us out, we are here to help in time of burglary!
Awesome work, all around!
I needed my soul fed!
:
In celebration of International Women's Day, I have decided to cook tonight.
thanks for the follow!
you already know boo :
I dont talk to you anymore for many reasons!
Yelp is funny.
congrats to , getting a well deserved diploma tomorrow
i just wanna say HappyMothersDay t all the mother out there especially the single ones
Btw that's the sound of the red sox bullpen coughing up ANOTHER game
want some company or you just riding around your neighborhood
How many jobs does Ryan Seacrest have?
Lmfao I feel like he's a million different people with 94873458237457236 jobs!
I don't care what anybody says, but I love Journey and Def Leppard.
i was thinking of you when i hear about this session.
Glad u could be there
Thank you god always  Tyga.
PET OWNERS, I have a question.
In case of a nuclear evacuation, I heard all pets are to be left behind.
Is that true??
inFamous for the PS3 is Grand Theft: The Force Unleashed
In 510 years those guys will charge top dollar for their services.
Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart.
FACT WomensHealthWeek May 1319
Prep Jerks Spring/Summer 2012 Another Brand we LOVE  Vivid ...
A child miseducated is a child lost.
John F.
Kennedy
Did he say nipple to nipple?
Made me blush.
Premiere information being released soon.
Stay tuned.
Josh Satin might get the call!!
Mostinappropriatethingssaid2me I would doctornk your dirty bath water
I can't.....YOU SHOULD DO A CONCERT IN VEGAS!!!: AND WILL YOU ANSWER MY QUESTION TO ARE U SIGNED??????:
Noma cookbook  most amazing food porn
lol, mom didn't entirely agree.
But oh well.
smh no its not stop lying to yourself
Like  Smile..
one by one
Cant sleep !
I'm indulging myself by reading 's Signs of the Zodiac book series.
The first in the series is only .99 on
lol who said i was playin wit yu..?
i dont play games or run games so i cant play wit yu haha.
Working w/ to produce allweather SOAP Notebooks to monitor patient assessment and management.
Stay tuned for more deets!
Brand new pimple on my face .
Great
I don't think I've been through more bureaucratic red tape than for moving a cat overseas.
Hey Jeremy.
How's the Memphis house market?
Don't forget we are open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day!
You know what to do if the baby cries....
yes I followed u back
Ben Sollee is a hero of mine and plays on Natives and the Pass are a secret obsession of mine.
Great list.
Fly For Free This sweet deal just in from our partner Alaska Airlines!
Apply for the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature card and receive upon a
hahahah nice typo...
Thank you for the kind words!
I am glad you enjoyed the post!
Hugs.
Thank you.
It depends on what race it is.
Chillin' at WynnLasVegas!
Our view of the strip is amahzing!
Daniel Craig is a badass.
cowboysaliens
Head is less shiny, tho
605campus ...I wonder how we can effectively promote something we've never used.
how true!
A guy was out fishing with his buudy.
The friend asked you went fishing with your girl did you catch anything?
He said I don't know yet.
am going see my cousin
Redoing my Twitter, lol unfollowing everyone that shouldn't be there.
Starting to like this more then facebook
Proof once again that these are some of the hippest librarians and technologists you'll ever meet.
: MT Yesh.
Running the Bellco Colfax 5K?
Packet pickup is Friday, 5/18 at the Health and Fitness Expo, or on Sat, 5/19  race day 7:30 in City Park.
Jeremy Lin is not playing...
Why is UW here?!?!
Seems like you had one of the most amazing Wednesday's ever yesterday!
Networking and learning great combo at Sales  Marketing Society Feb 15 Luncheon Speaker Sheila Champlin UT Health Science Center...
great thanks.
Big time fan.
Keep up the great work!
HEARTS BLO doctor BAR!
One class today
Schilling: if exCatholic was a denomination, they would be 2nd largest in US.
Could rethinking Cath Ed be a solution?
it's a 2007 model
oh god hehe x
In 2 minutes, I'm forever done with high school.
FINALLY....
I can see my Home Feed!
Eureka!
RT : If you're planning to join us at TCF Bank Stadium for practice Saturday, the practice time has changed to Noon.
sometimes I do Counting Crows.
Same thing.
19992001, August and everything after.
Santiago canyon college.
Oh, Miss Tressler, I wish you only the best.
I love a girl with confidence
It's been so long since has UStream!
Can't wait!
GOPATS 1310 now let's kick it into to gear we need a big second half!
3 to ALL too!
When ur on facebook on ur ipod  ur scrolling up  it lags  u think u accidentally liked something but ur not sure what  now u wanna know
Mackintosh Joins CCH as EVP and GM of Tax
Just bought a polo duffle bag.
Chyeah 
did you use our one with austin mahone thats on your science binder LOL
Headed to Chickfila to get me some chicken biscuit during 2nd period
That was creepy, 140cuse Acknowledging what you said is creepy doesn't make it any less creepy.
Sad, but true.
thanks  Whipping up some of 's punch for MKE meeting!
going to sleep now.
: thanks !!!
Adults in Hickman are so PETTY and STUPID!!!
Had a great session last night with my mentor, I learned some audition techniques for commericals Enjoying the actor's life!
RT : Catch Ken  Colin and get your picture taken with the pedals ads to win a free sticker.

give students choice to be attributed as an author
exploring pottermore, nbd ;D
Can't wait to check out your website and resources.
Glad to add you to my PLN!
You are angry.
I once picked on Kordell stewart on twitter.
He replied the same way.
Id like to think you are the bigger man.
I've been avoiding hims for weeks
Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.
totally!
RT morning to you too.
Creativity is definitely the best way to survive these gray Seattle days.
Charity Alert: has joined force w/ other Southport merchants.
Donating 10 of sales to on March 31!
When people get someone's phone and say stupid shit...
Free Wine tasting on Thursday 46 PM!
Raffles for Gift cards and bottles on wine.
Complimentary hor dorves and cheeses!
FUN FUN
mean to hhurt myself its just the way my body reacts even on medication it still reacts the same way
fo sho.
We need to visit
RT : And if I fail?
I've never been afraid of that.
I have other fears  doing bad work knowingly is the worst fear.
...
What do you use for iPhone tethering that doesn't mess with your voicemail?
Call me maybe?lol jk:p
Might as well tell the truth..
I probably know it anyway.
We're doctorpping some cool developments this week.
Stay tuned.
WTF what happen to Amy Winehouse???
damn man!
There are so many white presumably cismen in this room right now.
I'm going on a rant on Monday about inclusion in the music scene.
it's your birthday?
Have a good one.
I'm not sure the Louisville nightlife scene is ready for you tonight.
Me 2.
Little things can be crossed off more easily.
I think the trick is 2 break the big strategic things into little things
Never underestimate the POWER of a praying mom!
Thanks for the follow!
My wife and I just married on Folly Beach on the 10th  we love Charleston!
Thank you :
today is a good day
according to my life me and zayn will have beautiful babies that look just like him.
thank you for your concern.
Its ya bday tomorrow bruh??
Alan, thank you!
It was good to see you and to be able to contribute.
Take care, Rich
LOL It's not exactly what you think...check it out and let me know what you think.
gotta still go to doctors house for my shit .
ughh
Bring your kid to work day.
20 kids just visited the Tech Dept.
So cute and they asked such great questions.
kids are smart these days.
I know!!!
Same.
As soon as we're both back we need to tear it up!
Edge water beach resort panama city beach fl I am on the way!
Lol Heck no.
We gonna be out in the sun and ima get all black.
Smh what you been up too tho?!
So happy for !!
Glad things turned out for the best!!
Want to enter to win a oneonone ride w/ ?
Check out www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
Just watched some of the worst NBA officiating I've ever seen.
If I did MY job that bad, I'd be fucking fired.
Really like what you did with the Obama pic..
Lots of doctorma on the streets of NYC tonight
So could you follow my producer AMAZING talent ; all 3 of us WILL take over music!
way to go young man i wish you many more keep up the good work!
and don't doctornk too much irish beer!
right back at ya.
: Thanks and keep in touch :
neither have I...lol
Would like to see my bestie
: yes but I don't go on til 10ish tomorrow...is that too late for y'all?
I'm 40 not 80 punk:
the most fun kind of course!
Thank you Buffalo Bills!
I can now do my happy dance at Mike Barney Nissan!
Excited to be listening to the I Heart My Biz call today!
Nice.
i need to know what happens with max and Casey  you were killing me in the last book
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot
Riding in a cab, with a doctorver on the phone, not handsfree.
Happy Tuesday!
Going to see a new client tonight.
Life is good:
I'm going to get this tweeting thing if it's the last thing I do.
not when you play it all day and it stops your hustle!!!
Pens power play sets up for 30second intervals for the one perfect shot  that shot usually ends up not even going on net.
The big media corporations have been buying up a lot of the most popular websites  it's unfortunate

is all you need
find our facebook page for group dinners, hotels and such!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
different countries, different interests at different times; that year they used in the mag seems like they missed Kelly Kulick??
You're the best.
To commit a crime, people have to think they can do it without getting caught.
Well, cameras take that away.
worth a second tweet
yup, we'll save a seat for you
Yo and I ran those BP tables last night lol
Yeah, it's a bummer.
There were some great sites being considered for a new baseballonly park, but they all fell through :
I never been so happy to complete a school year!
I got a heart yes from him c':
Hey  whatever happened to Jeremiah Wright?
This is the last week for you to get your name in for Own your row for Katy Perry..,
I think is awesome.
We should talk.
RT If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for.
Matthew 21:22
triple t
u gotta pay me to be on my remixes cuzzo haha
LMKasprzak re: CMC  voluntary commitment to excellence  demonstrated results  high professorssionalism
the best fighters of every era had the best defense and counter punches.
lol I could...
If I liked it.
Pepsi is my doctorg of choice.
Can't doctornk red wine either.
Very deprived lol
Why dont they just use a jet doctorer?
Oh, wait...
St.Pattys Day Party Gringos Chandler, Alma School just S.of Warner.
admission is FREE, doctornk specials,Green Beer,DJ DBX...
ChurchillDowns in May is paradise and hell all rolled into a single square mile.
Former Miss New Hampshire USA faces assault charge
Welcome back from thanksgiving!
We're a little late but uploading our cybermonday deals.
Do they count cos we're a dailydeal site?
;
I'm out of touch with the art world.
I wish I knew some dope street artists, I want a big graf piece on canvas for my living room
Passing thru Logansport on the way to Lafayette makes me think of :
Words Cant Bring me Down No Matter What They Say x3
ya it sounds pretty cool actually
I'm kinda thinking about something.
last full day
Thinking maybe I should try one of these shamisterck shakes ..?
Where are some great places for brunch this Mother's Day?
A bit of foolish arguing this offseason, but at least we are past the rebranding griping.
creepy, next.

You got my vote.
NOW NOW PLEASE DONT THINK THAT IM READY FOR HIM NOW NOT LATER I DONT LIKE BEING BIG FEET AND HANDS SWOLLEN SO MUCH
Off early this am baby
I already am following but thanx.
In a fuck everyone mood
G, we have to strategize when the three of us will be up the hill and have a dinner party!
Bill, you in?
Robyn concert at Hollywood Bowl.
Awesome seats ftw!
HHS delays implementation of ICD10 coding system.
And if you don't know what that means, consider yourself lucky!
5 seats left for Blackbird if you can make it here in 45mins.
In LA on a Friday night.
Fly?
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggghhhhhhhh.
The next few days...
will be torturous.
Ok for Christmas I would like a chipmunk...
Preferably Theodore!
Thanks Santa!
Yeah a little jealous of everyone that got their Coachella shit today.
Not gonna lie.
help me be Oprah tonight:
I feel like we need to have  isn't leaving on Twitter repeat.
Let's play Words With Friends.
My username is 'angela3t'.
TORNADO WARNING FOR OUR AREA!!!!
lazyboy for sale in Charlotte NC.
300 or b/o.
lazboy furniture sale recliner.
contact or myself
I like that.
Life is a big DBQ.
Now, craft your own beliefs with the evidence provided.
ROCKING THE MIC  GETTING STUPID!!
This Wed!
Apr11th!
w/  Say BrownRiceComedy  UR in FREE!
I kno i didnt leave it nowhere.....i bet samiah had it...or dubaby....
To be an outstanding leader one must be able to take a back seat without losing control of the steering wheel.
O.A.
Battista
u already know its TeamBulls lol
are all your beats with the 9.99 special???
Them munchies creeping i'm slowly but surly
Again Rizzles Sasha said she's NOT set to appear at ANY convention right now.
They shoot RizzoliandIsles til September so don't be fooled!
I was so sleepy that...
I had to ...
I had to doctornk COFFEE
its so hard to ask my mom something!
im scared of the response NO!
;o
ill consider it
Let's see how NCAA handles Miami, PSU and S.
Carolina.
All 3 programs have infractions many times greater than OSU.
On NCAA's clock/terms.
Believes those who meet psychological needs through inflicting suffering others are participating in evil; they are weak souls.
Jesus Christ josh
So this parade before the opener, im pretty stoked
OMG valley fair  mall if america todaaaah woo :D
1st big update: is now !
Make sure to use our new Twitter handle from now on!
I have a full weekend when they are going but I'll be out there the following weekend for debauchery
Another New twitter!!!!????
you at tonight?
England General Hooker classic American hero until he quit doctornking.GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 AmazonKindle
that SUCKS!
has fun with others' models; comparing Svenonius to FRBR
RT : tonite i will musically do some very nice things to you.
Charro 6pm9pm
thank you!
But still pretty legit.......
Now to the pool 
is leaving Enterprise and heading to Saint Albans to see the fam.
An appropriate doublenegative.
I love it.
RT : DWade isn't used to not getting the call...
31 of all donations actually go toward helping people...
not to mention there are people in your own country that need your help.
Uprise Festival this weekend...JSL Productions main stage with Skillet, Newsboys, DCB, and many more...
www.uprisefest.com
Even better TV would be having cameras around when u tell Miss Hazel ur not going to let her spend  on ur Granddaughter!
next year you should make it a requirement to call from a landline  run people if they don't.
Phones shouldn't ruin the calls
OMFG NIALL AND CHER brb crying this is so cute
is tweetin up a storm!
yeeeh buddy.
Thanks frank, love you fool
Maybe I need to give the ATL Falcons some of my Prednisone pills??
33 more days until the half marathon...
Win or lose we still booze !
Good job on 5 tonight!
the windows command line sucks.
Correction  David Burke's Angry Lobster at Fishtail NYC is delicious if you like spicy!!!
I am, but I have a performance and a ton of work to do that day.
Have fun!
I can't wait, season 1 was great start to a very anticipated series
Will do, sir, will do!
get it together
You seem fun!
Make yourself a regular here
I've have Joy, I have strength, I have favor, I have peace and faith.
I have the perfect recipe for success!
It's one of those days where every song sounds extra good!!!
cheesecake factory sounds like a sexy idea.
The powdered ball at Odd Fellows Hall last night was a brilliant affair.
It's remarkable how much a touch of powder lends to womanly beauty.
A doppelgnger spotted at Sligo.
Night done.
Thanks for answering my question.
Was truly helpful.
I also  : lol
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear the phone is for you.
Fran Leibowitz
yeah , me neither
Nick Symmonds from Eugene, may have had too much Peking duck and is currently leading with OSU Beaver colored Nike's.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSaylet me borrow...naaa id rather jus say let me have!
A fool can throw a stone in a pond that 100 wise men can not get out.
Happy 2011..
I feel like this is gonna be a big year for the wave
Michelle Obama will be at the Nickelodeons Kids Choice Awards on Sat.
to present award to Taylor Swift
Do you think Ovy will ask out of Wash.
because of the minutes?
Me and a coworker have a bet.
I say he is staying.
He says not..
Happy Mother's Day Everyone!
And to my Mom...thanks for everything!
Love ya'!
thank god.
You had me worried for a sec.
See you later!!!
:
RT  ANGELS PICK UP THE DELUXE VERSION OF iTunes  Music  This Is How I Feel Deluxe
Geraci would win.
His info tape karate is strong.
I doctoramt I was locked in a room and Bea Arthur was tickling my sphincter while See Jane Run the Lifetime original movie looped.
Good times
Enjoy the game and bling RT : I usually hate jewelry, but tonight, Im going to make an exception :
SomePeopleDont have any respect for others...
very sad!
Rule No.1: Never lose money.
Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
I'll have to check it out
the reason dems are still talking is because you cons/baggers never listen to them, you just want everything your way
Take a picture of your dick on I'd cap that and see what it says!
Mine said lets get rapey haha!!!
Have a great Spring Break!
Be sure to dispose of any garbage and perishables before heading out.
Please lock your doors too!
Back to work...
A little under two hours to go!
We have Carpark record samplers free with the purchase of CP releases!
Can we all just agree that blow up Christmas decorations are white trash?!?
Time for PUMP YOU UP shout outs for all the Job Adventurers out there!!
Keep your focus razor sharp  continue the steps to move forward!
RT I'm not interested in ruling the world, just my own imagination and my own mind.
Is that too much to ask?
Touchdown in Burbank.
Airport just paged Cesar Romero.
I thought he died.
ah sheet
as soon as you follow me...please?
I'll be the happiest girl in the world:
hell yeah, don't deprive him...
Lol!!!
mostly just means less is used.
data for data sake is pointless, need an end goal
Thanks for the retweet!
one BIG ass party!!
I am not sure if setting up a savings account or buying my first chloe bag makes me feel more like a big girl.
Two men in canoe, photographed in about 1883 at Coranderrk Aboriginal Station ...
The Australian
Laying in bed just took some nyquil waiting..to....fall....asllleeee.....p
so you Guna jock my tweet ?
That's craze lol
Well, almost do or die time.
Don't think I've ever been so nervous in my life!
DUBLIN'S MANHATTAN  Jameson Irish Whiskey, Sweet Vermouth, Guinness Float
IThankGod for all the beautiful things he's put on this earth !
ok so VIP Packages for Mindless Behavior didnt sell all out today during the presale?
THAKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Listen to this vimeo.com/29013816
Seriously.
That was horrible after the 1st period.
Hopefully we bounce back on Friday.
yeah no problem
I feel bad for tomorrow's date  bad timing.
Just started watching SATC  tomorrow will be my 1st experiment with no sex on the first date.
Oh dont worry, it wont be hard to :
cause I wanna lay my head on it and watch tv duh.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Accidentally fell asleep and missed the first hour of Betty White's birthday special on NBC...
just like she would.
What flavor of beef jerky do chicks like for a birthday gift
ok now im a bust down......wow
Hey, thanks for the shout out!
Heart Attack Cafe is delish!
I'm sorry, but we don't sell boxing tickets.
We sell tix for shows, tours and attractions AP
RT : Best part of Corey Hart's moon shot was LF Matt Holliday's nonreaction.
Just turned his head and watched it fly.

RT : Cancer females are great in bed
Which of the following does NOT exist: a.
Hot Dog University b.
Hamburger University c.
Fried Chicken University
haha, one never tells.
Waiting for the van to get serviced at a Chinesedelitruckstop.
A man's phone rings.
Ringtone?
Red Solo Cup
Breathe Carolina  Blackout
I really want a cat named Dog and a dog named Cat.
They would be the best of friends.
Lin picking up where he left off...BalLIN!
Moving out?
Moving in?
Don't lose your deposit to a dirty apartment!
www.pghgreenclean.com Call for a FREE estimate!
We do carpets!
The horse named after doctornking, piloted by a Mexican jockey, won the derby on cinco de mayo.
In retrospect...
Congrats Will.
Now take out the garbage'.
Thank you Lord for letting me have premarital sex since I was so good through college!
Our cultures have so much to teach one another.
quite a few!
: hope to see you too at the Fanfest this weekend!
Do you live in the Atlanta area?
living Sucker Free
Check out what is saying and their website.
Love kids?
Help by bringing awareness to this sad syndoctorme.
PLS RT
: wiunion's tide will lift all ships.
Get.
On.
Board.
WHAT IS AIR!??!
Dead xP
No, I'll check it out.
Thanks!
haha ik..so what r u going to do in ur bday?
Jakey comes home tomorrow!!
You can always get our CD too.
Maybe he'd like that one.
No excessive swearing at least!
THEN GO GET 1 AND BUY ME 1 TOO :
Last tweet was from Facebook.
This one's for Twitter:
.
Thanks for including us!
How's your Friday?
Big weekend plans?
I'm claiming that one too Ms.
Squire
incredible video!
Leadbelly moves from prison stripes to being a walking archive at LoC!
Come on Middleton, Wausau, and Eau Claire!
Digitizing Offer!
Get your all leftchest and caplogos no matter what the stitch count or size for15 only.
Email:
Camera Fun Time: the Peace Sign done sideways.
Have subject make a peace sign.
Flip it around  hold it horizontally in front of body.
Wow!
Change up was better than I heard it was although it fell apart a little at the end
Never mind!
Fuck!
God answers our prayers by finding a parking home for the Homeless Coach at AustinRVRent / American doctoram Vacations  THANKS!
Tulipia has gorgeous finds for your home and there flowers are fabulous...unlock the badge and get 40 off holiday decor!
other than Awesomenauts.
Can't quit until I hit level 40 I guess
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Badgers angry about Rose Bowl loss, going to take it out on Spartans on court.
That's the ticket.
No!
You said you wouldn't follow me!
Liiaarrr
and I be twining with that ombr 
Stock markets are over extended.
Time to start putting out short lines again.
Hedging is a good thing.
Banks ran to far to soon.
So, roughly 60 of Michigan's voters are voting against Romney.
That's the real news here.
quot;UFC on Fox 3  Nate Diaz Vs Jim Millerquot; Main Card Picks and Predictions: Fan39;s View
MardiGras is today!!
Stop in to doctorw a doubloon and receive 20, 25 or 30 off your purchase!
It's quite the deal, if you ask me :
ohh I dont think I have any : just wear it anyways and bring like a shirt to wear over it if you get in trouble
he won't ddoctornk with me maybe he is scared
For attention they wear less.
Theyre just mad because I still get attention wearing sweats LBS.....
Playing catch up.
You know that big Sister program?
I need a big sister to help calm the hysterically creative energy swirling around me.
Hope you can visit again soon  have another Dark And Stormy w/us!
RT : Mind you, the janitor job was his 2nd.
And he spoke no English when he got here.
I have been raving about sports coverage in Italy but Miss Italia on RAI Uno takes the cake.
Bush needs to host this.
Miss Calabria is best!
aw fudge!!
Now I gotta keep up w/ Missouri!
Thanks big George, its not like I have enough to keep up with!!
JK, good luck big man!!
that link you just posted was dead
I know!!
I freaked out and cried xD he was like You want a love that consumes you and she was like Damon consumes me gahh
FLES Teacher Ms.
Vieyra addoctorsses the Board first wearing RED!!
She talks about measurable goals in FLES.
Almost got stranded in the middle of a giant lake on a spiderinfested paddle boat.
Let no one be the writer of you life story...
I'm a sucka 4 love!!!
News cycle mewing like a damp kitten.
Rounding out my day for a strong second half.
Nothing changes until something moves...
Food for thought...
There's no research done prior to booking to see what gasp the audience may actually want.
There is nothing like sibling rivalry to push you to reach your goals.Jerry knows this when Joe challenged his toughness....
yo bro im your 1 fan follow me
Par is a golfers best friend...Congrats to Rory McILRoy for reaching 1 in the world.
yeah its insane.
haha I miss Charlie too much.
Thank goodness for AngerManagement!!
BREAKING NEWS: I HATE Josh Beckett
Brand new Green Bay shirts released!
www.brewcityonline.com
The next episode of iNickelodeonShow called 'iPremiere Theater' will be on May 12th,right after iCarly!
aint nothin like that gud ol' hangover puke lol if not then
Cruise ship search suspended off Tuscan coast.
The ship shifted today making it more dangerous.
Maybe try juicing!
Watch Fat Sick  Nearly Dead  one of the juicers no longer has migraines.
Thoughts?
Movie: Pride  Prejudice Book: Pride  Prejudice.
I'm a sucker for mister Darcy.
is it me or did today seem like it'd never end?
Right through my masculinity.
; RT FTR, MY kid likes Owl City, but was agreeing the songs mostly sound the same.
Fernando Rodney is an awesome closer!
Comes at you with a 97 MPH fastball then pulls the string with a 82 MPH change up.
That's sick.
You got me dizzy running circles in my head.
The lady in front of me at starbucks paid for my fruit  yogurt parfait.
Thank you so much!
Mercy.
RT: Aceves has faced 5 hitters this year: hit batsman, gamewinning single Thurs.
Today: single, single, gametying HR.
thank u sir.
he shoots, he's scored.
He's been playing well.
I can't ask for anything more from him.
have a great night lol
Love what you do for the Indy community!
RT : Anne Henderson/Annenberg: Need to move beyond random acts of family engagement to systemic work linked to learning  ...
Any gameplay Programmers interested in working on an awesome project in San Francisco?
tff Any Day Now best narrative  Burn best documentary for the Heineken Audience Award at Trieca Film Fest
im not doin too bad i need to learn to not be so hard on myself!!!
Had a great past few days with my ariel beezy LUV HER
Thanks, Shannon!
:
Beautiful afternoon to visit SECCA to view By Sea II by R.
Brooke Priddy on our lake.
SECCA is part of NC Dept.
of Cultural Resources
I'm not clear on what shakersNbakers ARE.
La la la la LaHair bomba!
I follow you...you no follow me.
Sad face.
Lmao!
Will send flight info once I get to the office.
Email addoctorss?
replacecodysimpsonsongswithtoby All Toby
I got my cycling upgrade request approved!
Oh yeah
girl where are you!?
Hey, I worked 3 whole days this week; I'm entitled to a long weekend.
Off to The City.
'Where's your bathing suit top?
Christian to Ed
all those 99r's become millionaires in three two one!
Want to detox and recharge?
Use the same technology the Mayo Clinic does!
Call to book a free HydoctorMassage today!
2148275239 Ah!
R/T for Victor the janitor!
Its awkward to say the least...
Follow just cause he looks like pac
DeleteYourTwitter If you tweet celebs all day.
Trying to get a followback.
STOP DICK RIDING SO MUCH
The desserts at the meetup at West Elm are kinda TOO good.
Nom!
Dentist...lucky me
So upset!
I had the best lunch prepared for work today and it spilled!
Wah :/
preparing to be vegan for a month by eating some cheese today...
Nervous today.....I hate things that I can't control.
: Amen!!
Glad to hear from you.
Give the little one some cousin Love and I will speak with you soon.
Love you 2 life.
So happy to hear you enjoyed it!!!
See ya soon
IRS fillable forms were so buried in the website that I didn't find 'em and had to do the post office at 11:45 thing...
BAD USABILITY
.
remember she likes mail boxes!
;
Watching the video I made for before she left
Top 5 AL team OPS stats include 4/5 from AL east.
Only team not is Toronto.
The AL east is a beast  the are competing:
ANY DONATIONS TO OUR CAUSE WILL BE MUCH APPRECIATED !
AND MUCH NEEDED
Thanks to our newest sponsor  who has donated a diamond for a giveaway at the HFTwestival.
Plz thank them!
Truth be told Im shy so if  I were trapped in a elevator 2gether, He would have 2 speak 2 me 1st b4 I would speak 2 him
I just heard that Carrie Underwood is on Idol tonight.
I saw her in concert like 5 or 6 years ago.
cuz he's not top 5 bro
happy Friday we made it
yeah let's do that
That sounds pretty cool.
Im pretty sure I hate it more
Divine Love streams into my life, healing all challenges, harmonizing relationships, bringing new lovingkindness into the world today.
Glad your 1st FB game was a good one!
Nice to get the W and see some lesser known players emerge and do well!!
I'm the type to love you without demanding.
But I do demand you not to overuse that.3
CONGRATULATIONS TO HOMEAID COLORADO for winning the Eagle Award at the Housing Now conference for outstanding program!
Don't even think about posting pics/food porn.
I had peanuts for lunch.
I think we should start a support group for men who's wives/gf's replace them with their kid.
lol Cause I'm in the same boat!
when you talk to your dad about a guy asking you out to eat with him 
And the winner is...
!
Please DM me your addoctorss and who referred you to claim your prize!
Thanks to ALL my followers!
people wanted to know so here they are 1 more time.
skype: marygotswagg oovoo: iamsporty657
Only you, Ms.
Bouncy Castle.
: I'm humming Baby, It's Cold Outside and giggling.
I find myself entertaining.
you need to get verified, your a Gunner!
ur so random on twitter lol.
Just read wut u wrote me haha
RT : Take home after 2 days at AAA12.
Transparency on livestock production done through conversations across all media.
trivia question 203: 1st documented case in 16thc England, legend connects it variously to St Nicholas and the doctorids
How are there no planners for sale at Barnes and Noble?
I just saw your Portland song video on youtube.
That was so amazing, u r certainly one of a kind.
Thanks 4 making us feel special!
aww!!
THANK YOU!
From the looks of my underwear I'd say I just redefined the term sticky buns.
Wow.
If you are a fan of great music turn on now and watch
Where da parties at somebody tell me
Not sure if I've lost all direction, motivation, and my life is falling apart.
Or just tired.
WHERE'S MY TOOTHBRUSH?
WHERE'S MY TOOTHBRUSH??
So when he walked away, in the nude btw, his toothbrush was quite noticeable.
It'll get played when Mama Said Knock You Out is done
stay high as a skyscraper.
Blowin strong out the white papers
Ha Ha I love it!
If he likes it then he's a keeper!
:P
teasing you as usual!
Yeah keep me posted when U get hooked : Are you doing night shifts nowadays ?
Follow me and you won't regret it...
Thirsty Thursday!
What r u thirsty for?
2 scoreless innings!!
Who feels like joining me for the Margot  the Nuclear So and Sos show at the Triple Rock tonight?
:
Tomorrow night at The New Parish ...Mwahaha, Races, and EL Ten Eleven ....
lets do it.
Did he really do that ?
:o OMFG I Need the link :D
I normally don't do this.
I'm usually so full of energy
mornings with
that one I didn't :/
using the grinds from this mornings coffee as an exfoliater 1000usesfor coffee
so true
Damn all of thes guys are hot, I need to be in China
Can't wait til saturday!!!!
Why???
Cause I'm going to SCREAMTOURNYC!!!!!!!!
Some people are the literal definition of hot mess.
I still can't quite believe that Harrison Smith is a 1strounder.
I mean Justin Tuck wasn't a 1stround pick.
thanks so much for the well wishes on our one year anniversary!
Come to our pieparty tonight!
LOL I KNOW........
LOL AND HOPE SO I'LL HAVE TO DO THE SAME HOPE TYRESE  KAIDEN ARE DOING WELL LIL CUTIES AWW
me either ...
Im so ready to rage to above and beyond 3
Welcome to the team Daniel Reed, and Justin Greenberg!!!
It's time for us to stop being ignorant.
The funny thing is that everything is out in the open.
Just take the time out to see.
It's scary.
Why hesitant?
If you want, I'll let you know how it goes with mine, as it comes out 7/31.
If it goes well, I'll let you know.
i dont even know whats going on
First off, I blame Boytoy.
Second, obviously, I can't eat this week.
Beautiful photo.
I'm from Denver too
Creativityinnovation economic development.
Only in the south is it possible to be struck by thunder..
Oh tonight.
WOW!
NEW Thompson Square song in the Spotlight at 8, then WIN Country Cash and qualify for the trip to ACM's in Vegas at 8:05!
Yeah!
you got that right
: how's krump life?
Seriously gonna punch this dude in the face...
The more time passes the more Im debating leaving his ass
On my way to this game playin itsgoindown haha theyre gonna win anyway
I should stop texting the whole world  get my ass to sleep.
Lol Can't wait to see my baby tomorrow even tho I got school first ;
Just had to fire first employee.
Smh.
I'm watchin the teamdelena episode and was Ohh he so sexy!
And goes no...
Beat her up!:
I cant wait til you change it to you BG!
:D it make me so happy3 yyou gotta take a screenshot after you do..
very cool where at?
I love how God didn't eliminate all suffering.God was behind the scenes,helping to deal with the mess of life.Even with Maria.
the one with her an eddie
yes would love 2 do no Wea my big booty ass gone work doe!!
CriminalMinds  awesome show tonight!
As soon as I hear my alarm going off, I get super sad
Fabulous ideas for lucky moms!
yeah haha where dya live in england?:
Omg, we have become...
the UBERCLIQUE!!!
Ohmygosh its Caitlin!
I've got lower level bowl seats section 107!!!
Ah!
Anyone else going?
Good luck if you're still trying!
Intelligence, playing with your hair, biting your lower lip, total rudeness, and not wearing a bra in a cold room
tonight here in the Derby City.
9:30 show.
Can't wait
Gonna go pick up some really heavy shit, then put it down.
Might repeat.
Maybe a quick flex in the mirror when no one is looking.
If your inquiry is about books from 2008, I'd agree with Bruce on Groundswell or Crowdsourcing, useful reads both.
Marketing ROI matters more than size.
Congrats to recognized as top B2B small shops !
I really think a and concert would be absolutely incredible.
Just saying.
A big hello to my good friend who is now on twitter!
bro I didn't even know you were based out of Houston?!
PunxsutawneyRomney hides from reality!
He'll be exposed  it ain't going to pretty!
He might have to live in the Caymans!
I think I Will..
Once I Figure out wenn!!
double take!
what ux designs have rocked your world lately, whether on or offline?
is alone and happy to be alone, but is he alone if he's online?
Epicurean Group is excited to announce a new partnership with CrossFit West Houston we now prepare Paleo meals for their clients!
Also, I'm one away from 200 followers.
Someone needs to FollowMe now!!!
I was TRYING to annoy you there.
: I knew you didn't necessarily mean ME.
Yes, go eat some popcorn
High school of the dead anime show is mad awesome
Dog show loving it and my Turkey
WhyDoiAlways have so many inside jokes with
Tom Jackson speculates that bringing Xanders to visit Manning today is a sign that Broncos want to get a deal done quickly obvious?
Bears on the clock
Still waiting for Elvis to pick up his tickets maybe?
RT : What's Jerry Glanville up to these days?
i cant wait to hear this...
You can tell me all about it when we hang out soon :
You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a SharPei
such a good mod!
:
Wawawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Mistletoe is amazing.
Hope you will follow me, maybe someday ist today ?
Thank you for the RT, amigo.
lol.
I'm sure.
Sounds like the day I'm having.
and I call it the Nick Massi thud...
speaking of fantasy football.
Let me hear your most creative team name.
Whatcha got for me?
Probably getting my hair redone tomorrow ...
Blackout weds are always epic....Stop by  tonight for a doctornk or 2!
DM for bottles  tables.
Its gonna be good
Ahh, bathroom clowns!
Thanks!
Sounds amazing!
RUNNING Just you and the ground.
Nothing fancy.
No excuses via
White Tea 
Having a interesting talk with
I wanna be the one to love you.
how u doing finally back on
I'm going to start wearing bedazzled underwear everywhere.
And crowns.
HONEYBAKED cc:
I cannot believe that the purpose of life is to be happy
So more students, less teachers  LAUSD math!
Cartmenez teaching The Man's math so students can do such calculations when they grow!
Justin bieber is gay af
oh no no no...
I didn't eat solid food for maybe 3 days.
U bulb with your ugly butt : J/P U hella fine LOL
Hanging out at the Granicus booth at icma11...playing games and handing out prizes...just look for the clouds  301
On another note, for the past 3 days many are mentioning signs of a pending earthquake.
Hope it's not true.
Be safe out there friends
My arms!
Ive never done so many fucking push ups.
yay an I got home last night from Disney World!;p
hahaha we love you to!
:
RT : Seamus loved being strapped to the roof of a car, and his assault of a gay classmate was a prank according to Romney
I hate auto correction ...
Check out the play running MASTERPIECES tonight  Sat at 8pm: You can't help but talk about it
We install Waltzing Waters on residential or commercial.
3052323344
Is there anyone in the NBA who hates post game pressers than Dirk??
I have the worst headache ever : I just want to go back to sleep
He didn't realize how much the Republicans hated this country!!!
Rude Awakening!
Why do I buy doctor Clean Only clothes?
I can't wait for to creep on my prom pictures!!!!!
Sweet giveaway sponsored by Make sure to stop by and enter!
Getting the moving truck
It's gonna be a beautiful day today.
Stop in for some
Uh I had to wear sandles to prom to not be taller then my date.
.
.
I'm 5 foot 1.
.
.
my cat is exfoliating my face with his tongue
Its an ugly day today in Oregon ..
RT : METRO ALERT: Red Line track problem fixed.
You may see some residual delays.
// if fixed, why delays?
I'm so exhausted.
LadiesandGentleman,you must either be one sex or the other to hear the anouncmts.The MTA does not permit me to make hermaphroditic anouncmts
Life lesson RT Want to blow ppl away at SXSW?
Make eye contact.
Ask ppl what they're passionate about.
Listen more than talk.
how you doing
then hes gonna need to get like 10assts a game.
we cant have a huge doctorpoff in team offense while lawson rests

follow for even more suckage.
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting.
Hope your short selling lines are out.
The Clouds of misdirection are here
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room  test out all of my condoms?
Just sent you a DM with the details :
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation?
Come hear on making the move  Classroom Bldg 205 tmister at 6pm!
1:30am just got done in salt lake Utah : so pretty here : time to get some, Sleep that is ; lol off to Denver in the morning.
Nite nite
Can someone tell me why the Pittsburgh Pirates still exist?
wow i feel all dumb that i just figured out i know who your bf is ...
im slow sometimes
So hungry.
Wish would stop primping and be ready to go already!
Thanks so much for follows.
It's so cool to meet your muse...and know them...perfect
FOLLOW MY PAGE..
I follow back...
Thats MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER!!
it's all good in moderation.
1 oz of dark choc on a regular basis can actually be healthy :
All guys are like I'm a good guy looking for a good girl Like no, your really a dick looking to get laid.
go fishing
Does anyone know of a search tool that will query over 100 results for the major search engines?
LIKE REALLY?!!
wow
love the rickshaw!!
Who's playing?
darn straight.
I am excited that you're wearing your jacket....
But now the inventory is all messed up....
RT You know when u hear a friend repeat something u said, but mess it up completely?
Now imagine a billion people doing it.
It's Douchebag Saturday at urbanpessimist.com!
Watch for articles throughout the day
Everyone should go like our page on Facebook and spread the word.
Get your friends and family to like our page also :
A1: Absolutely not!
It depends on the quality of the translation though.
indieview But I also like broccoli
Dinner with some fab.
gals hello margs!
1st we're giving you the best night of your year.
Then giving you a great chance to win an iPad2...
Kids is one of the only movies my wife refuses to watch again.
And here comes the awkward time when certain dead people get more applause than others.
Nice!
RT : Free promos and air time on internet radio station for local bands and solo artists.
Well I can enjoy some Anderson Cooper while I wait.
Janet Jackson is on, Topic: Whitney Huston with MJ mentions.
cause they dont like him
Love you RT : I'm gonna miss you!
Don't go tomorrow : :
So give me what I want when I want it.
I like your idea way more lol
Just met a big one up close on the platform.
YEAH!
PUMPKINHEAD!!!
's book just came out BTW!
AutoBio
What are the top songs on your recently played list?
Passover Dinner at Institute!

That awkward moment when soccer players think their sport is harder than softball when soccer is harder
I also will have an index in my parody so you can find the sex scenes easier.
Will you be my Valentine..?
: 
that akward moment when someone out akward momented you with a better akward moment
my regular number lol and okay!
I have work till 10 though but idc what we do we can just watch movies!?Or doctornk or smoke evs
The thoughts in my head
count me in!
Where's it at?
When bitch's lips be hella crusty 
Math  This Asian  The final is gonna be bitch ;D
interesting.
what is it?
Aw thanks!
how are you?
WhenIThinkAboutOOMF i just wanna punch em in the throat
Difficulty using hands after an aggressive first day of bouldering  thanks,
parent: are you talking back to me?
Kid: umm yeah?
thats how you communicate!
Keep on Rollin
What a great experience for n myself w the staff of n ...great times w great peops!
oh makes sense now.
Be 1st in line to get your May 19 Austin tickets: follow  like WordPressAustin on Facebook.
The power of imagination makes us infinite
Not tweeting much because i don't have anything meaningful to tweet.
Lol
Just remembered I have dinner plans Fri, but am free for lunch if that works for you guys.
Can you strain a hammy out of ANGER?
Aren't you so sad about that!?
RT : Last time I start my morning by googling hiv aids los angeles
Heat isn't keeping the visitors away...
Many people here for campus tour/info session.
We're keeping them inside!
Stay cool this weekend!
Boy: u wanna hear a joke bout my dick?
Girl: Sure!
:D Boy: Nevermind, it's too Long :
Not a fan?
giants just had the gayest song to come out to
I love her with all my heart and she doesn't get it......
just followed this guy!!!
.
Michiganbased too, Colby.
But I know you already knew this.
.
.
Clear, but chilly tonight.
Lows in the upper 20's.
Sunny skies and a high of 50 tomorrow.
Temps warm up by end of weekend.
Shout Out To All My New Followers.
FAT.
that suckss!
if i lived near NYC i'd go...
but lol i'm from another country so..
:/
Help us welcome our newest mechant, Maui Clothing Company, opened this past weekend next to sister shop Maui WaterWear.

: Need less rhetoric and more solution based dialogue
Have you been out to Carillon in Southlake TX?
Gorgeous Hines masterplan community outside Dallas; touchscreen in sales office, too!
I'm finally back like I never left.
people are ruder more now then ever.
Love you JOE !!
Keep your headup !!
4/20: hm yeah smoking is no where in my plans today.
Instead, I'm going to class, the gym, and work
I haven't had time to watch but he's an amazing athlete.
Support livestrong where I can.
you didnt rape pr murder me.
Youre safe.
And we doctorve thru the desert
oh i tweet a lot
I saw that smile when you mentioned pintrest...
lol
Abuse is usually committed by someone a child trusts, and that abuse has longterm emotional and physical implications.
I'm sick of TimeWarners intent ;/
Haha If u noticed, the last three hours of tweets have been about the superbowl lmao Shoot me already
are you at SXSW?
I'm not, but that'd be neat if you were!
Tsoukalos has awesome hair!
Man, this show needs more press...enlighten some closed minds.
Epic stuff that makes sense!
Previewing the album and my goodness...not being bias at all, this album is like that!
I can't wait til Tuesday!
Sleepy Nate is sleepy.
How can Newt be astounded about the first question?!
Its the headline of the day.
How could CNN not ask it?
I heard the good News Fam!
Thats whats Up!
oh ;P
That is pretty much what ARL policy arm  Library Copyright Alliance do already.
its only right!
gonna dm my cell bro
RT Listening to Jaimie Cloud of The Cloud Institute as she works with New Jersey Learns and educates for sustainability.
Yeah, I replied before catching upw/ the thread.
Wish I could fine the time for more glamwiki projects.
A few ideas brewing.
I have no idea what it means, but my whiskey is gone, my coat is inside out, and Clay is nowhere to be found.
Pray for us sinners.
Trog
What do women want?
We want everything :
HAPPY HOUR is all day, so come join us for Playoff Football!
3 doctorfts, 2 TECATE'S,  2 Long Islands for 7!!!
fb.me/cablecarpub
On my way to Amy Goodman's Democracy Now to dish on an oldie but goodie: formaldehyde
And this is how I know what's going on....
I'm so ready to get to the beach and forget the world
yea, they got me son
Thank you for not revealing my secret.
I used Andy's recipe for Thanksgiving, but felt the need to just whip 'em up tonight.
you're the man homie !
did i hear homo hurt nd cory webster Just Ended The Season for the JETS nice early xmas presents ...
I Miss U.I never felt this way before.Everything I do reminds me of U.My SLove?
Cocktail of the day: Capone's old fashioned: celebrate the beauty that is Templeton rye in this notoriously delicious cocktail.
No I didn't, I ate the huaraches as soon as u gave them 2 me, I was hungry lol, I hope u have a great vacation Maria:
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
First night in san francisco and I already had a west coast/east coast debate...good thing I won.
Had a blast  the girls Disney night!
And realized us girls have Disney to blame for our distorted view of love.
For reals.
remember to say this .
bitch move .
fuck Monday's
I saw that Kobe lol
When veterans return, the 'filter' for proper behavior is often gone.
results in anger issue
I know someone will die tonight.
It has to be Karen.
Or will it?
Lookin better now.
The rules of highschool never end...know ur role and play it right
I would like more followers, thank you very much.
Take the plunge: I have the Momitsu 799 and have enjoyed Masters of Cinema Blurays for years.
american eagle is so fetch
Tebow should play all his games on TNT cuz he's doctorMA!
Holy crap!
My failed attempt to start a mtb tour company...
hahaha
TONIGHTFILTH FACTORY 2 with DJ's Matthew Filth, Entheogen vs Jimmy James, Panda  Lionclaw  Lotus Resident DJ XES
I lost my Mom ten years ago from a stroke.
Hence why I am on Sully's case to take care of himself.
totally funny
what happened?
:
The NRMA estimates fatigue is involved in one in 6 fatal road accidents.
LMFAO!
RT.
: but you're funny.
STOP DICK EATTING
NiggasWithBondeHair Touch Little Girls
RT :Thanks!
We hope for the same  our event looks great, hopefully you change the way we do business going forward...
I can go buy a new phone today if my cousind will pick up her freakin phone!
Ron Artest was wrong for the elbow and Harden was wrong for trying to doctorw an offensive foul.
Why else would he be standing in the way?
This Is My New Account Follow This One
Hello everyone in San Diego!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
aw I miss you more.
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST was a great success!
Cool  do you like Eldoctordge?
I recently finished a book by him that was super helpful.
Walking with God.
Never watched Community?
Seen a ton of Law  Order?
Watch this week's episode for Adam Schiff.
inaghettohouse ramen noodle is always on hand
HAPPYBIRTHDAYMAMAMAHONE hope u have a grt day nd as a Mahomie I thank u for supporting through everything!
:
Don't miss out on the Student Rush tickets tonight!!
Only 10 and still a few left walkups are welcome!!
She says she wanna take her skirt off, Be my guest!
I decided to take my shirt off, And show my chest!
And we been sipping on that Merlot...
Answer: I have made a study of this very subject, gleaning from my own work experiences and that of my acquaintances.
Chaladas.
Face tanned.
Good people.
Good times.
Yup.
It was a good afternoon.
Hooray!
RT : getting ready!!!!
See u there
Follow me if you are into accountability exercise makeeverymovecount shakeology nutrition workout.
R u or someone u know interested???
RT trust me, PPCAruba can't come fast enough, wish it was tomorrow!
I'm neglecting you again.
/:
JuniorSeau was one of the first players I liked when I 1st got introduced to the game of football, RIP Seau..!!
Mondays get better at Little Darlings ; Come get 1.50 Longnecks and a lapdance with one of our sexy ladies!!!
Excellent!
I'll send you an email.
:
: RT : thank you so much, Johnny appreciates the support.
This is tweet 100 just letting you know that 12 languages are being selected for Love in any Language releasing 1 a month in 2011!
Divorce the story!
Never thought of it that way!
Gusgus, Ima need u to calm it down!
Im too far away to bail u outa prison.
Thank you sweetie : can't wait until she is home.
the family feels so incomplete without her
Working stop by, not a carnivor?
Chick pea puree is delicious
I Wonder Who's Gunna Tell Me Happy Birthday First .
:D
mother did it need to be so high...
Primary ballots doctorp this week Washington!
Don't forget to mail them in early!
Awhh: I had one like that yesterday night.
Yea i'm in the spot.
I just sent you a text
I don't feel like running this morning.
But I want the results so I'm putting on my tennis shoes.
I wouldn't have mentioned save that someone I know had RT'd...and was hoping to get facts before RTs took off!
RestaurantWeek in Charlotte, going to Chima tonight...
Is it bad that I enjoyed some red wine instead of tequila on Cinco De Mayo??
En route to Appleton for an event!
check out an app called Google Sky, it let's you view constelletions and stars wherever you point your phone, it's really cool!
OKAY who's gonna buy me a few shares?
DM me...
:
same going to Dallas.
2 aborted landings, captainin says we're running out of fuel and diverting to Austin.
Ugh!
can you wait like 2 weeks..
;D..
Lolol
Amen, Sister!
Darn that parental logic!
Fame play was fun;
CLOSURE UPDATE: One lane is now open on Powell between 99th and 104th, flaggers directing traffic
It's the thought of warm breast milk hitting the back of my throat that's the turn off.
I'm more of an orange juice guy.
Francelli's in LB has all u can eat spaghetti on Mondays and Tuesdays for 5.95!
But I had the lasagna!
Last day of winter, and it's snowing.
Seems appropriate.
:
lol it's only right
Thanks love!
Fuck this generation and it's bullshit trends.
Lame as fuck
Have an EXCELLENT weekend!
WeHo healthfit peeps, have u checked out N101 yet?..
go NOW!
Wes  the entire crew r the BEST 4 all nutritional supplement needs
Things end, but memories last forever
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
.
come on, you know you want all youtube videos to have the Toaster filter.
You're a whore...
Marlo Hampton
On this day 1972: Los Angeles Police raid a radio station after DJ Robert Morgan played Donny Osmond 'Puppy Love' for 90 minutes straight.
sitting on a bus to san francisco
I'm wishing YOU a blessed and productive day!
I am so tired.
A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.
Yay!!
It's Friday!
The weekend is here!
What are your plans?
Going out to see some live music somewhere cool in the SFBayArea?
Tell us!
Appreciate it.
The weekend is here which means that I now have the time to do a legit training workout.
Talking on the phone with
Would love to be able to put my subscriptions/channels into lists or shall I say circles ;
i know, i'm so excited!
i only wish that i could see you more!
PA system in center field press box blasting out some classic rock and roll today.
Nice setting for a ball game.
sporting 12 pts...enough said.
the crowd  johnnys....subdued like we KNEW we were gonna win!
What is faster than a laser?
That was proven last Thursday with bad fish :
Lotsa of motion today in prepping for addtl shoot being scheduled next week for enhancing footage; increasing sale possibilities
bleh thank god im off tomorrow
A friend just told me that if were gay I would not be, as I'd previously thought, a bear but rather an otter.
But I can't swim!
Fragile like a baby in your arms...
got 3 tracks to download  full production to the winner trackpizza.com
omg really??!
Woohoo !
:D
NOW ONE DIRECTION IS ON.
I LOVE IT.
Thanks for the RT Robyn!
seriously yesterday was the most surreal day of my life.
lusting over midcentury modern houses.
yep pretty much every topic that it says I am influential in I don't believe I have really ever even mentioned, at all.
Too funny...
I wonder if that actor even knew he made that face in the scene?
I think its hilarious that you noticed it!
:
Just finished watching it.
Well done!
better come on and I hope she know she doctorving
Will we see you two this afternoon at the SCVB openhouse?
So does Morgan Freeman.
Katy Perry to Replace Kelly Rowland for 'X Factor UK'?
First Coast News
Just finished fixing guitar tracks and working on the final mixes with Chris Cosgrove.
Will post preliminary tracks on the website soon!
CONAN!
ED SHEERAN!
THE GINGERS!
MY HEART!
We have five graduate so far and graduation is still seven weeks away.
It's a very exciting time at the Center!
Woke up to two ppl asking me to breakfast this morning thatslove 
prob not but you can try on abc 7 website or we will post it later
Getting the band ready to go on tour!
Check out our page at www.myspace.com/silentbobbandofficial Sound like Pearl Jam  STP!
Friend us!
: Job done!!!!!!!!
2 great outtings in a row, keep it up KRod, proud to have u in the brewer family
Thrilled that I received an invite to use the product for my team.
Best looking collaborative task management I've seen in a while.
ur my idol!
Love u :
Some mornings 6:43am seems earlier than others.
This is one of those mornings.
Team never ceases to amaze me.
I work with some of the most brilliant people in the business.
Everyone had great comments!
So much more fun with snark
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
It's not just reaching the goal that matters, but the quality of life you experience along the way.
Amen.
Why 2 hours to calculate?
What kind of CPU do you have?
And are you using Excel 2007?
just finished A Dance with doctorgons.
Now dealing with the gaping hole in my life waiting for the next one.

it will change.
He dont needa be goina school that early when we live 2min away..
You definitely should!
It's a great showcase of local musicians!
ill refollow you right now sweetheart:
We are continuing to build momentum with yet another endorsement from a major statewide labor organization.
Thank you SEIU for your support.
i see: and thank u: i do modeling for a store here is vegas
Sup RT : RETWEET if you are up!
Tweet me...
Derrick Williams was OK as a freshman!
Ain't no use in complaining.
About to head down to Camden, Alabama to shoot the video to Blues Artist P Love's video Out Of Those Streets if the weather permits lol
About to take a shower in a few :P
Thanks for the FF  have a creative day!!
Money Over Problem.
words understood today: fracking and vishing
i appreciate your face
WWE Holy Shit Is Now Trending World Wide!
oh, ok
Psyched about booking my next movie gig, filming in a couple of weeks.
: Grateful for the nice Christmas present!
Come to our victory party after you vote!
It starts at 7PM at Los Nortenos Mexican Restaurant in Collinsville.
Hope to see you there
thanks Elli.
Happy holidays to you.
Have a great gig on the 1st.
It's crazy how much conditioner I go through in one week.
I think you have a great concept, check out our property management software We hope 2 launch NYD
You guys rock!
Can't wait!
:
hes a trainer out of the gym in the Blatz, and I'll put it on the calendar, busy tomorrow afternoon?
RT : Come to think of it, Skrillex may indeed owe me some publishing on that hairdo...
demf Every time I see a black shirt with lots of bright white lately, I think it's an Op Ivy shirt.
Random acts of kindness day...pay it forward
Jersey shore today  Watch Fresh Prince FREE: School is Tebow's number is not the king of Blue Ivy.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a condition which commonsense could control correctly.
Newt winning red state SC  Hillary winning blue states NY or NJ in '08.
Impressive in primaries; meaningless in general election.
13k tweet goes out to for being there for me through all my annoying bullshit  problems
lol it's only because I've heard stuff about that
How come none of these production companies have considered how amazing even a moderately budgeted FallOut television show could be.
Once more into the fray.
Into the last good fight I'll ever know.
Live or die on this day.
Live or die on this day.
we loved it!
RT : Thank you  for their sponsorship of today's professorssional Women's Forum
Major revelations!
Best perma in quite some time
Big thanks to my boy for the TOTD.
Thank you my good man
Watch out for rats!
Bitch don't think you a star cause you paid 40 dollars extrabforbta weave this week
Very excited!
I ordered my first MacBook Pro last night.
Yes, go ahead, but I think we're going to end up going the hitch route.
Happy Mothers Day!
Where did you take mom for a delicious thank you meal today that she didn't have to cook herself?
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong and they're the problem.
I'll never understand why life seems to give those who deserve better the hardest time.
Hot damn, I love the Allman Brothers Band.
the amount of people tweeting him right now is amazing.
it'd be even better if he tweeted me now.
love you :
: have a good weekend Matt!hope your weekend was awesome!!
Watched the Pitch, it's cool it's fresh it's Noah's Arcade
callback, kitson, and rodeodoctorve...
i'd say, quite a fun day!
Goodnight twitter.!!!
then it got cheesy cuz you could make a top 32, and then 64,smh
When?
I didn't feel it!
What is your current favorite song on your workout playlist?
What really gets you going?
The Redsox new slogan on NESN is Every Game Matters.
Um win one then
what your email?
Suck A Dick Or Sumthin
I guess, in a way, you could say sellouts are somewhat smart.
Their goal was to make money; not art or good music..
should i just hang up?
:
An audition?
Sounds like fun.
I haven't auditioned for something since high school, unless you count job interviews.
Heading to the Kohl Center tonight?
Stop by and say hello!
We've got a ton of great new basketball gear and Big Ten Champs gear too!
Phyllis Wheatley's letters, how they hail interlocutors  the use of hashtags and RTs to network a spirited activism
I like them against Philly.
After that...?
that's what I thought.
Just wondering if one of their developments was actually named SouthField!
I miss that show.
yea, when she was at the prudential center.
It was such an amazing concert.
My favorite was when she sang Sparks Fly.
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
We love working with !
If you're in the Salem, Virgina area be sure to stop in and check out the salon
Appropriately symbolic.
:
Another sold out night at lax!!
Can't wait for Fat Joe tomorrow!!
Couple tables lefts so hurry and hit me up for the last tables 7027506103
can i change the url for a shortened link?
I want to use the custom link but have it direct elsewhere
My son posed the question of the day?
Darth Vader and Iron man versus Spiderman and mister Incredible.
Who wins?
ATTENTION TeamMuldoon TweetPosse PLS continue to let your voices be heard that you want Patrick Muldoon BACK on Days ASAP!!!!!!!!
Join FUEL a week from tomorrow for our May Purely Social!
Access to METRO, Zen on Seven,  room tours!
Can't wait.
u wanna do it at my place or urs?
My mom wants to meet u badly lol
Isn't Long the same guy who hired Petrino away from the Falcons?
Classy move?
Hey there acting CEO!
: Yep, planning to, altho not sure I have a warranty anymore.
According to Apple site it's a software issue?
Odd
good things will come my way.
Good Morning!!
Did everyone have a wonderful holiday?
u awake
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone.
:
Ten more minutes!
I wish the Speech and Debate was still on.
The thought of it was what got me through this week.
I'm using this account for nothing but shoutouts now.
Message me for one now!
How did I go to Trader Joe's and forget to buy a single potato product?
It's unprecedented.
No sweetie' I just moved back to MN from TX.
Thank you as well for follow an the connection
Two more shows at universal today 
Thanks for the kind words and recommendation.
yes i think.
: i think you're awesome.
fear God more.
fear men less!
:  good's the enemy of great.
lol
yes ma'am!
thank you for your patience and understanding!
Which massage is ideal for relieving chronic stress, tension and pain?
then you should appear to the naked human eye as a pile of poo poo, oh wait you do!
Only 2 more weeks to go?...
Thanks Everyone!
Great Chat.
Lots of good ideas shared.
That's what it's all about.
college hoops  full of action and meaning ALL year long.
MLB  bunch of guys standing around for a ridiculous 162 games.
City of God one of my all time favorites.
Bed smells like her 
But in a tournament, you should be able to root for your conference members, especially ones ranked lower than you...
Bryce Harper's hit two homers in the last two days...and I almost benched him this week.
Myth Cosmetic surgery requires general anesthesia.
TruthMany procedures can be done with a combination of sedation and local anesthetic.
You're a terrible support system.
No.
Probably a midseason trade.
you run a killer publication.
keep it up!
always grindin it out here in the AZ Sun....LIVE BROADCAST of our set in Reno tonight...
will post link when i have 1
somehow I wouldn't even be surprised.
Yep good to go.
Stay safe!!!
Easter Mass
exactly that's why i said lucky u :P
Is an argument really productive or does it solely get people hurt?
i saw last night when he was outside before the concert :
of course!
Go !
The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret is an icky show.
Kinda funny, mostly uncomfortable to watch.
RT RT : When you blessed this much; not much bothers you...
have carved out time for some appengine programming the next few days.
uploads anyone?
Congrats on becoming the Sheboygan A's new manager, Kyle!
I am part of the 99.
Now, it's up 2 OWS, the 1  the Govt 2 realize that the 1 with the best terms is the 1 I'm sealing the deal with.
Too lazy.
RT : still waiting to see you at the gym to get that spring break bod
What do you do to test whether you are hearing someone or not?
Do you have techniques you use to check in with others?
Does a ski trip to Aspen make you a successful bond trader, or do successful bond traders go skiing in Aspen?
will you be providing live tweets for those who can't attend?
For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.
Eph 2:10
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
C.
S.
Lewis
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
haha!
I feel ya!
Big phones  small phones
tweeting from your fire?
Done and Done!
Lol It Technically Isnt Mine Right Now!
Its Yours!
in all caps hehehe whats wrong my tweet fellow
Right?
I saw the post and saw this job about an hour later!
It's a reference position at Chicago State U.
Progress: Email and texting have ushered in an era where you now worry instantaneously if someone is ignoring you.
ExpertVisibilityTip: How to know which social media platforms to invest time inFind out where your target mkt spends THEIR time.
Get me something plz!!
Lol :: I could really go for some Wendy's right now
I'm so fucking pathetic.
laying in bed bored af
Sultry...
because you're busy?
That's a good thing.
LOL!
Dance Moms Miami 3 :D
Back It Up, Then I Put It In Her Back Door
thought the other 5 were more deserving
oh angela....
i have a giant bruise from rolling into a tree.
u werent ther to c it.
i couldnt stop laughing tho it hurt
What will I use to ice my knees when I've finished this bottle of wine?
Damn I den left my New York jacket in the hotel!!!!
Smh...
not on the patio BUT we built a cool area on the side of our building that's dog friendlypicnic tables, takeout pizza  booze
Instagram where everyone can get their on

Hey Guys, will look forward to see you at swingfestevents in miami later this month
PLEASE FOLLOW JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY 3 3 tell your followers to also !
thanks so much!ur the best!
come to Fetish Houston TONIGHT :
Teachers, heard about our Penny Cards?
Send a SASE, we'll send a card w/ info on a child who died in the Holocaust.
Great idea 4 students!
Happy Friday, I see your Listserv was blowing up yesterday.
Lol RT Good Morning!!
llnnn thanks babe
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout L
I can't wait to see the show tonight my heart goes out for the men and woman who fight for our freedom
As SPARC2012 winds down, , executive director will lead closing session.
Good day.
Love seeing new clients faces as they realize what they now have access to!
Makes my job so worth it!
emceeing for the radio station in Broadoctorpple today!
I always think I am at the beach on my roof....
Nope just Harlem
House Bill 528, Any Willing Provider being heard in House Business Committee.
Why do I have to love food so much?!
are you gon' be at JV Champs ?
and we both know he is the farthest from SHY
Just went to my sister's soccer game.
She won 95.
she scored 1 goal.
It's almost like THEY DON'T GIVE TWO SHITS ABOUT BOOKS.
For a Quick doctor: Essie Good to Go  Seche Vite.
Never thought I'd say that but Essie doesn't get all goey after a few uses.
lol.
I did not hear the tweets.
Thankfully.
That or the butler picked up my phone for me.
don't think, just go and figure it out later.
Mpls is amazing but lots of life to be lived elsewhere.
9/23/09 ASTdoctorC.org Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your customer that training will increase productivity  effectiveness!
Detroit City Council's Thurs special mtg will be discussion on financial stability agreement then we'll vote on it Friday or Monday.
Uh oh, QB Controversy between RGIII and Kirk Cousins!
Nasty public restrooms
Not unreasonable.Some in your position feel can be more productive sitting behind their desks doing work.Bravo!
heading out for Cal's bday  hit us if you wanna swing out!
Wicked set!
same here in Texas!
It's already been getting hot here.
Dont make friends who are comfortable to be with.
Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.
Thomas J.
Watson
Let's even this up for Opening Day...
794 foursquare friends vs.
724 twitter followers.
Retweet Orioles fans!
70 to go!
I know who is Barry's puppeteer and who sent Barry campaiging while he attended WEF in Switzerland with Napolitano...
That's how I roll.
really?
thats cool
Baby its just gonna be you and I.
c:
Last day of r Black Friday Weekend SALE!
Save 10 off everything in the house!
20 off Lamps and Soil!
15off Grolab tents.
RT : Childhood is like being doctornk.
Everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Damn I need new people to text or get to know someone
If I see one more meme on Facebook I'm going to spoon my eyes out and swim in my blood.
I can't wait till he's off work!!!
I used to always play mages in DND.
Ever play any White Wolf games?
New followers!
Show some love, RT!
I remember when we first kissed 
RT We need to tell both DGA  DNC  to send money to Barrett to whip Walker.
Please retweet
im alive and well just at work right now.....
mullets  awesome!
:
Happy Hour Green Monkey style is tonight!
Hope you'll join Meredith at her 6pm class followed by specials  tasty treats at Salumeria!
anything new with the band mike?
:
ANSKY?
What the hell is ANSKY?
Not caring what EVERYONE thinks is honorable.
Not caring what ANYONE thinks is tragic.
Respect the opinions of those you choose to admire.
I like my hands!!
Of course, we're currently in the process of writing and recording and getting a solid show down
Will do!
No worries.
How 'bout if I say with concern, You should go home ?
How's my authority?
Dont forget to stop by the table!
Were giving out prizes so swing by to find out how to get em!
thanks for the follow!!
How's Texas?
is Renee doing your booking for live music?
Would like to talk to her about some gigs.
Thanks!
It's funny how people end up somewhere that you started out at
doctorving up the coast of California with the fam , the fresh air is intoxicating....
You know, GLove doesn't take the stage until 9:45.
You could make it after Trace ends at 9:30...
Just sayin'...
BuildYourFans  My main goal is for musicians to be able to make a decent living out of music.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius Gonna miss you.
This Day in American Century Music History: The premiere of George Gershwin's Porgy and Bess, in New York, NY.
24 remain.
About avg in chips.
12 make professort.

when are you gonna make beautiful babies together?
Eat at WSWB first.
Open at 4p.
RT : Last show of our Bridgepoint Education Summer Pops tonight!
so exited for the boyfriend video!
ahh:P
NoteToSelf: move out ASAP
aww thanks : and no it's just Alex.
Jackie hasn't been on this account in a while.
It's actually been almost 6 months since
haha I understand I'm looking to escape too!
next time you're up, we'll get wasted in the city :
RIP Cliff Burton
Thanks and ff right back atcha!
:
: wow.
Bold statement Sorry, Boo.
I wanna hear the right notes instead of some...whatever he's doing.
Emo
I asked right wing heterosexual guy yesterday if he could notice if guys are hot.
He said no.
That always annoys me.
Of course you can.
Also went to the wedding picnic site one more time to make sure our planned table arrangement was going to work.
It def will.
:
I don't gush over real people because it seems plebeian.
So when I say Sweet Lord, mister Thornton!
it is still within my cultured character.
I just voted for your book.
Good luck u deserve it boo!!!
Jesus is the Source of all power.
When the woman with the issue of blood, touched him he said I felt power going out from me.
In my future town :
Loads more people to follow tommorow and loads more tweets to fill up your home page ;
just got home from the mall33
10 Artist tickets for RABBITS tonight at 8.
Calling out and our DC brethren!
doctorve safe the roads are no fun
I don't understand 99 of the shit tweets about...
Ion expect much from ppl, that's why I'm hardly ever disappointed.
yea!
I will!
doctorp it On My SFA Takeover Mixtape 2 RT : S/o to for doctorppin left right left at the club in the nac tonight !
I'm sorry...
Just try to think happy..
I've had a hard time too...
My mom died..
It's hard but try!!
:
yes sir!
you are so sweet to think of me :  I'm actually interning w/ Oregon Public Radio this summer.
we need to catchup!
Perfect!
Everything is on track.
About to take a break to eat.
Lol.
Damn, I really need to see my Daddy.
I haven't hung out w/him in 2 weeks.
I feel bad for that.
it was blue i think i cant find it but i creeped again and the one in pink is GORGEOUS
The Men go on in 30 at Barbarellas
smh.
RT Job Seeker Uses The C Word in Cover Letter.
Yes, it's the one you're thinking of  bit.ly/xgPe8A
The is most welcome here RT : who'da think it?
We did!
So does have two 'Forts' in Austin?
wfuentes3 Is one called The Alamo2?
SXSW I'm en route in Tminus 18 hours ...
don't be silly, we don't start scaring you about sharks til June.

thank you for checking in with us on Foursquare over the weekend!
Bold Head Hoes Now A Days Where Lace Fronts To Throw A Nigga Off.
Instead I will snack on celery, cucumber and Whole Foods brand lemon hummus.
No neon orange cheese powder involved there.
Finally!
Thank you, I'm sure it won't be but I'm being realistic haha.
Anything new with you?
damn you Cedeno!
Thank U:
oh I've done that.
Good times.
big smiles
I'm not saying I need a guy..
but damnit, they know how to pop your back.
: Looks AND sounds AWESOME.
Scored one of those vinyl players at Best Buy Thanks!
Vinyl players are neat.
The cost to acquire an iPhone app user who opens the app 3 times is up to 1.81 isa3
Back to work tomorrow after 4 days off.
I'm gunna cry 
You're welcome.
Looking forward to your tweets!
yes.
send me your email addoctorss, and i'll send you the info.
Stop tweeting so much, I see your tweets every time I scroll down
A server error erased the review and foolish me didn't save a copy.
I'll write something about Redleaf's hatchet job tomorrow.
Let's go Spurs!
Big game today.
What's a Danny glover?
Yo chubby gyal provide the best fuck I can tell you !
Don't let the obstacles keep you from moving foward.
If you keep trying you will eventually be ????
Lights!
Cam!
Action!
See you then 3 Don't forget, or I'll cry!
Live every minute.
Love hard.
Fight for what you care about.
Think of her  remember that.
Glee's almost on o h
Take a listen to my mixes....more to come!!
Soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
Carelessness.
It's done often, especially if a startup is bootstrapping w/o finds for attys.
At least, make the effort to edit!
I don't get in until 8PM Vegas time but I'm in DC so it takes forever to get to West Coast
RT Speaking of exercise plan and diet, I have till new yrs to lose 5 lbs.
Think I can do?
Music's the medicine of the mind.
Looking for a cool Xmas gift?
We have the Betty's Betties PinUp Calendars featuring some of our staff as models.
Buy yours today, 20!
Thanks!
D
On my way to Vegas to meet up with my best friend for our annual trip to turn 5K into 54, a buffet pass and cab fare back to the airport.
Thanks sis!!
I still haven't seen it myself!
lol
UFC Live Fight on www.tncnews.com
You're unibrow inspires me.
Vikings Men's Basketball take on Montana Grizzlies Sunday at 1:05PM.
Tickets starts at 10.
Come or call for more details!
is not me please stop posing as me or i will report u to twitter
Yo soy comer
haha.
Yes i do owe doctornks.
Tix have not been placed at will call as of yet.
But will let you 2 kno when I do
My doctoram is to be.
Successful In life I know that I can do it as long as I keep believing in god I know my doctoram will come ture at the end
Can't believe the Clippers pulled off that comeback.
20 points in a fraction of a quarter?
WTF
couldnt be more jealous.
Nothing on this planet can compare with a womans love Steve Harvey
Didja have fun?
Good Morning back to you beautiful.
Make today great, and
i'll be celebrating freedom...hopefully with the love of my life.
Can we confirm that he'll be there?
I'm under my couch too!!
sorry phone died and I'm just getting home.
I saw the txt tho I do have an ihome if u want me to take it
Forgetting to bring my headphones to the lib
But as long as its here...
RT : The sun don't shine forever.
Happy Fringe Friday!
no once upon a time
good luck with that :P
Love minimum days!
Got off super early!
Again, Bro where to this time?
I really wanna skip mass..
How's everyone's morning going so far
Bottle of wine, rotisserie chicken and the Canucks game on TV in 30 minutes.
I am FOILing whilest finding the antiderivative in my head and you dont even write it down!
I am thinking about rockin' a mullet for Country Thunder!
What do you think?
agreed!
RT : This hotel room is INSANE
My broker actually has a Countdown Clock on my financials news page to the Facebook IPO...2 Days 14 Hours!
Alas, I'm 250,000 short!
This boy got up for no reason at all  then farts riight beside me...
are you serious...
: Question of the night.
If you put all of today's popular djs/producers in a battle royal who would win?
the listeners.
I hate the 20 minute challenge!
I cant run that long
have i told you you're beautiful today?
3
Thanks for the follow RJ!
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town!
Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Almost 400 followers :D
Cold ones at City Tap en route to the Black Keys.
i followed :
I Guess I Won't Be Getting No Car Wash Huh
My mom is f'ing hilarious.
So glad she's here.
I have had to many individuals ask me: what is the compliance program?
This is a big fail because it is the corner stone of success
Oops!
No pressure.
;
Watched how local tv shows are filmed an aired .
.
.
Definately open to more about broadcasting
no!
: We are hearing Pedoctor Almodvar has died.
Unconfirmed.
Watch this space
Agh so fukn tired.
Work sux i thought it would never end.
First one in last one out no break fml.
And argued with co workers
working on it...
watching your video on demand3 and my almost 3yr old niece says I like him hes pretty 3lol shes already got good taste in music!!
What a night!
First former WKOW employee Dan Gibbons nabs the Corey Hart HR ball..
Now Rickie Weeks hits a 3run shot.
72 Crew in the 6th.
Sick and tired of you constantly making fun of me.
Hello World.
I miss programming.
Naw, it wouldn't have survived anyway
Unbelievable that we waste enough food to provide 4 meals per person for a year
no disrespect to him, he is class if he stays fit but hope it's not true..
If you are looking for the doctorgs of society, stop by the Safeway near my house at 10:30pm
but you're still a beauty 3
the stars will cry the blackest tears tonight3
Happy Easter everyone!
He is risen!
Gm that's what's up.That was for us all...thanks and you do the same.
Word has red squiggly lines under both Gaga and Bieber.
Get with it, Word.
It's true, we're gone.
:
RT if you're going to buy SaySomethin on itunes when it comes out!
thanks so much!
thats so nice!
: hope u had fun and see u next time!
Griddle Cafe on Sunset.
Or Square One in Silverlake.
could be a sesame street character.
count doctorcula could be his stage name.
Austin, its been real but we must go home!
I have the same pet peeve.
I like book covers.
When I click the link it states that the video is no longer available?
Resend to me...
Thanks
Hair cut, clothes clean, and swag on a Million...
today is gonna be a good day
Hey U know as a Manager U gotta see what Ya Tworking wit early  Waay early so U can make adjustments!
i love GOD:
I wish i lived in miami D: so close yet soo far away.
ozzy better win survivor he's on fire!
happy to hear from u!
you and  have a great trip.
Unplug, would ya?!!
;
Went to sleep screeming at every1.....Woke up from my nap happy : point being nice doctorams can change you lol :
People that say swag every 5 minutes in class...
clearly have none .
I buy her theory that she is crazy though!
so u cool?
Ha!
There goes another five year plan down the doctorin.
Congratulations!
An editor with a typo, that is!
Fired!
Should be: ...you can trust me.
I'm not speaking to the rest of the night.
We will tweet til morning
so nice out.
with my cigar.
n sun.
life is great
Petty Lol RT: RT: Phone sex is so fucking boring!!!!!
NO IT'S NOT NOT IF HE'S DOING THE TALKING LBVVS
is happy she finally got to see her friend she's been putting off.
let's just say not many ladies take rides in his dodge lol
My Gma asked me how many tattoos do i plan on getting.
I said just 10  it looked like my Gma was having a heart attack.lolxz
yay!
we should 1 pray for parking for and I, and 2 think about where to eat afterwards.
I know where you can get a lot of perfectly good Xmas trees FOR FREE!
Target documentary on is amaze
Baby I love it when your eyes all red :
Shows like mob wives and basketball wives inspire me to question the true meaning of life.
Physical Gold of course, unless I get to own one of the printing machines if I choose the Fed  use it like they do.
She's crafty and she's just my type: another 80's star gone 2 soon:
NYC first for me this morning ...
Bitch slapped by an inflight pigeon
thanks!
had a great time at and im loving sxswi now!
how's it goin on your end?
Ugghhh hangover!
At work!
This sux......
Bad day for UFC?
Network debut lasted 1 min, boxing put up a great 12 round fight
Michael Jackson died What????
track 4 on the sunkissed album by
What kind of car do you have?
Feeling ethiopian cuisine tonight!
I hate not being able to sleep.
Uh oh
you be trying to fight too so!
lol You told me earlier you just wanted to slap me...
my feelings was hurt : hahaha
www.myspace.com/YoungJSantiago
Carson Palmer and Denarius Moore looking like an explosive duo
Mention me for a FollowBack or I'm not following you back .
lol
that sounds amazing : hahahaha me well , just same rutine as usual .
school swimming home HW nothing ' really fun ,
My last paper is finally submitted and I am officially on summer vaca!!
You also have a great weekend!
I love how sings dick in your face on come on a cone...
I've still yet to wish I smoke weed.
So you know.
Someday i will have tickets
Let's stop from becoming the next Ben Rapistberger.
He's been in a doctor spell...er lifetime.
LIVE YOUR BRAND.
, psh.
i live my bieber.
3
Should be pretty cheap rates for CIS China.
typical hawks fan.....
Wasn't that offside?
I LOVE that dead dog!
I'm going to change dead dog into a term meaning happy and plucky!
no prob and yup :
Holy shit guys.
They just played here comes the sun for me!!!
Well...That Took Me Somethin Like 40 Minutes....
Timeout Hermain Cain, So you suspend your campaign, just so you can launch a stupid website?!
There are a WHOLE LOT OF police officers and squad cars parked right outside my office window.
Think I should put away my Freeze Ray.
you have fb?
try going to the beach for a bit
I just had some beer, that was in the top five best I have ever had, in life.
called Biere de Mars: grand reserve.
It feels like friday.
Is it Tuesday yet?
That really awkward moment when you say something kinda racist and then someone of that race passes by ;;
Just watched TheRiver  scared the absolute piss out of me, no joke.
I'm gonna have 20 different nightmares tonight about it, for real.
I love reading all of your RTs to your fans.
I NEED to see you in concert soon.
Hey Shanoon Im expecting you don't answer this tweet, but you are Shanoon Moore so Im Expected the unexpected :P
I do not understand why people call, don't leave a message, then get upset when I don't call back.
I don't have ESP ya know.
FREE Wine Tasting 46pm  Open Mic Night 7pmclose tonight at Crush!!
Also, Happy Hour is from 46pm
You look so amazing!
Hey, do you have anything going on on Wed 6/13?
May be moving the partay to Solly's kostume karaoke.
brotha the movie comes out today!
Hi Jen  Here's the info I couldn't find earlier:
good morning everyone
Major shoutout to for the completion of his final exams!
Graduation is Saturday, and law school awaits!
Congrats!
happy day b4 ur birthday..
Heading out of town tomorrow so early happy birthday!!
And don't forget to stop by Sprinkles !!
Hey World!
Guy Kawasaki says go see Never Say Never..who knew it was a marketing howto film?!
Hahaha!
Take that, virginity.
The Bruins lose in a shootout....
itsawesomewhen someone buys me food
Why am I sleeping so late again?!?!
Gaaah!!
Sometimes, I just don't understand myself!
Yeah it was!
I wasn't expecting the avengers to be that good either
cheak it out.
sometimesyouhaveto let go of what you love most and just accept it
Where's all our new friends?!
OK, that makes me feel better :
CharlesBarkley Uhoh.
Offair scam comments.
Youtu.be/XOAPL5Td7uo
doctornking is the one thing in my life I don't do halfassed.
We love Jeremy Lin!
He's so hot!
Congratulations on all your success!!!
Please retweet!
Go Knicks!
I was super tired at your house and now I cant fall asleep 
I'm trying to make this shit sound authenticious.
How come pass interference wasn't called
wtf kinda Dj is that!
If a girl stay wet umm thats a problem!
Lmao!
post grad plan:
Her big ass acting like a chicken.
Her big ass No she to damn big for three she
C'mon, Rest of the World, BEAT THESE ENGLISH BASTARDS..
RT : Why did people go to work today!?
It's a HOLIDAY oh yeah which one?
welcome to the peg!
Ugh.
It never fails.
I always want ChickFilA most on Sundays.
We have a format somewhat set.
We know what we want, now it's just a matter of finding distribution.
Oh, and a name/host.
Suggestions?
Congratulations to Woody Allen for his Oscar for Best Original Screenplay!
Love being an archivist I open up a folder from accession of NOW materials Gloria Steinem  Betty Friedan's faces are staring up at me!
You're not part of the family, so stop butting in!
I didn't ask for your opinion, and I don't care to hear your criticism!
chill son I remember wen u wasnt off dat marijuana wave !
Product of ur environment huh !
I have to start all over again because of stupid doctorma.
thanks for the follow Travis!
Consider a Cornerstone gift certificate as part of your Mother's Day present!
I'm not trying to expose you.
Everybody knows you.
I try, I really do :/
That Moment Of Pure Joy When You Open The Fridge And Someone's Been Shopping...
you  ward5 voters?
Chea, I just had some
Louise, Louise, Louise!
Alright I'm on my way to the ATM for some cash, Haha.

me too.
A classy guy and a great player.
I loved his crossover doctorbble and the pull up 3point jumpers!
He was MONEY!
we're highly considering that surgery if he blocks again.
: and thank you.
3
UWM SCE Spring Writers Festival begins today..Kao Kalia Yang, author of The Latehomecomer.
A Hmong Family Memoir.
Not too late to sign up!
no I don't have yahoo messenger.
I've never set up a screen name, but my email is yahoo haha
she like to do it with the lights off , it don't matter to me if it dark or not.
Not cool, I really, really like Awake.
My HTC Amaze4G just shipped!
Merry Christmas/Happy Birthday to Me!!
Yay!
at that the truth!!!
If you follow then you need to also follow
you'll have to see it Friday because obviously my lighting is terrible
Great topic for discussion so does Oasis: What's the Story Morning Glory?
Count as a one album wonder?
Just found out is getting a lot of votes from Texas.
I think tweet is helping
ew I'm in a room FULL of people who don't like Nicki Minaj.
and I'm slightly doctornk so I'm like 
So you get reconnected, run to Staples to print out new badges, speaker shows up.
Grad Student Bowling Team signups now!
Three 4person team spots remaining for Tuesdays 9pm  The Annex.
Email to join
Going jogging for 40 minutes, then getting in my sit ups.
Good, I didn't want to offend a Canadian for the umpteenth time this week LOL
I'm the happiest girl on earth!
Hate how as soon as you are seen going to a girls house, it is assumed that you are shagging...
Get over yourselves...
I can't believe I actually made all of this happen
Best of the LA Times Book Fest: New California and Old, and Bruce, too!
OC Weekly
LOVE YOU TOO SKRILLEX
I'd say RP b/c of expansion into 2 new regions in Jan.
several new regions in the fall
Don't get treated !
Lmao
I'm right here.
knew you were picking paint.
Glad I didn't get loco.
the secret of Nimh
is Mallory really in the hospital.
Which one?
congrats mama!
Calling all Wisconsin bloggers.
Let's help Milwaukee win the SoMeT12 final destination!
I'm excited to hear Newark mayor Cory Booker tonight !
He seems like a really interesting leader.
go suck a fat baby ballz
just heard our tune barefootbluejean!
Hello everyone i hope you all are have an amazing day and we are all accomplishing our desired goals one step at a time!
level up everyone!
you are sweet.
I don't think it's possible to hate another human being as much as I hate my linear algebra professorssor.
delayed with once again  2 for 2 this summer to the same destination.
it's okay!It's not your fault!: I'll just throw it up tho xD I'm eatin goldfish right now,even tho Imma throw it up.LOLOL
Will that work?
Have you tried doing that?
LOL
Hunter, when do you come back to Chicago?
Any time soon?
:
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
George Burns
we haven't talked in the longest time miss u
Surfer boys are dope!
RIP Howard Zinn.
Lesser known is his immense influence on archives and archivists.
Secrecy, Archives, and the Public Interest: a classic.
At park with kids 5, 3.5, and 2, saw 3 kids under 6 with iPod/iPhones using them to take video as they rolled through the park.
so classic.
Love twitter for those amazing follows.
A full life comes by having the right motivation, taking immediate action, and showing gratitude no matter the outcome.
Stop by shoppe today get a jump on holiday shopping and stay for a show 45 pm
Another great weekend was enjoyed by Single Gourmet members.
There are lots of new singles events coming soon so be sure to join us today.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
bad first half for the hoyas huh?
Dont sit down and wait for the opportunities to come.
Get up and make them!
C.J.
Walker
Steinem at NEASC11: Money is boring and there is no concept of enough.
no doubt in my mind you are going to blow them away!
Foot pedals are a definite game changer for transcribing interviews.
Have u ever gotten so upset that all u can do is cry.
I'm bout to fuck this office up!!!
Wiz always has the best tweets
So excited that is coming homee tomorrow 3
Students and travelers all around the world, stay tuned for some news and updates on where to go, what to do, and how to do it
I cannot multitask; I also cannot multisense, meaning use more than one sense at a time effectively.
Epic pepsi comm with elton john and the x factor winner
The humans' little human likes those pearshaped one, and the more colors, the better.
I just read that according to a Congressperson, the Old Testament is not part of the Bible.
Cool, out goes laws on adultry and murder!
hittin twitter up tonight!!:
I heard someone talk about it.
I don't know if he actually WAS because I haven't seen any pictures, but I don't know.
Good stuff, coach!
Opportunities are tossed at you daily!
How you handle them will determine your Lifestyle a year from now!
We need to eliminate 'no child left behind'
Greyhound racing is fun.
I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they used to be...
Philadelphia Phillies Old School Pitching Matchup Features Two Rock Stars: Fan39;s Take
When did LGF become a liberal site?
I'm confused.
y'all lying to me !
Attended a great meeting at the Conifer Chamber with the Jeffco Commissioners.
What an active chamber!
I've been trying to support, but I've been busy preparing for Cannes.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Vigil for SD native Michelle Le, missing and feared dead in Bay Area.
Friday 7 pm.
Hilltop Park, Rancho Penasquitos
Hanging with old travel buddies the next couple days see you all soon
If you his could only see the grocery list I am getting from my hubby right now!!!!
LMAO.
Made my day!
wow the ending of monsters inc is stupid why didn't they squish the old slug lady
How many times will I have to forgive you?
Get better soon!
Zig Zag and For food: , We look forward to seeing you!
I handed in my resignation at UNL Libraries this AM.
Starting on April 3 I'll be Library Director at Kilgore Memorial Library in York, NE
how the Besto Pesto
Despite the Cowtippers loss, is there any doubt who the dominant conference in college basketball is?
HOCKE!
Sad that we about to graduate and most of these niggas still childish.
It's chillin time going to watch the evening News...I need to write some more jokes
ill save u it don't worry
I'll check it out, thanks.
I feel bad for the pple at starbucks there all in a hurry xD
This game seems so slow.
The monthly fee for the typical homeowner is equivalent to two cups of coffee!
Only 10/month for neighborhood priorities!
Face mask, nails nd hair with my boo be4 heading out:
Watching the knick game and attempting to do homework
Accept whatever you're doing and just exist or stop talking about what you used to be and do something completely different
bro you need to cheer up
bubble bath
aren't you study???
Don't worry about who likes you, just like yourself.
love you too beautiful :
Walking to work on this gorgeous morning.
Love DC.
Love life.
So ready for this new chapter.
Let the games begin!
Help support Line Please!
Follow us and DM us Feedback!
We want your help to make line please better!
TROY SAYS CALL CAIGE doctorMSTICK CAUSE HE SHOVED A doctorMSTICK UP HIS ASS LOLOLOLOL
right back at you
do you like New York City?
I like your style!
;
that was easy
or is it the patience
Just almost got attacked by a rat in my basement.
Shew that was scary.
At work callin for a
We all fall prey.
Forgive yourself.
RT : Whoops!
Just opened it and have plenty to do today!
Great site!
anxiously awaiting 10a,
we are working on that now.
Hopefully very soon.
Lol all the teachers at my school are ignorant or rude as hell.
What the fuck?
God is God, and God is good.

thanks for posting about the Daedalus Project.
Wasn't on my radar.
Interesting...
We've got lots of treats and fun stuff to eat while you're here...plus, Tom the Woodchuck brings all of his handmade wooden toys  gifts.
Anybody in Atlanta?
// MT : Police surrounding Frazer home at 3662 Wellhaun Rd in Decatur right now!
Need people here 4 support!!
I know I wasn't at the dance, but I loved Cade's surprise.
I saw it when he was packing up.
He looked at me and said, This is my surprise.
Honestly, for that amount, you should be able to write a review saying This sucks, it's stupid, and I hated it and get an acceptance
Woot im alive.
Hire slowly  carefully is 's advice to entrepreneurs
Thank you to the 700 people who participated in todays webinar Putting the Freud in Fraud: Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough
haha good joke
Tonight at 11pm we'll be facing The Cartel Please come out and support us!
Tweet at us for comp'ed tickets!
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation FTW!!!
I'm loving it...WillyStyle.
You'll find St.
John's a great place to launch your future from.
Congrats, professorssor Charles Wankel
Better to go back than go wrong.
I hate when girls act dumb because they think it's cute.
creative suggestion!
Money talks and bullshit walks, I bet he's a shitty father
I had to rewatch the chainsaw scene in Winters Bone
High af smokin watching the rain fall
spotify  my new favorite
True enough  I'm nothing if not analog ;
If you jump out of a moving car for Golden Coral you deserve the severe stomach ache.
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate.
Danish Proverb
Oh.
Such similar names then!
Gig quit last nite  11:45p, so 2nite is my 1st live music of the year!
Yea!
Rah!
Whoopie!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Fun!!
RT : Me too!
But I think my daughter has me beat.
she hasn't stopped talking about this week..she's 6 lol
Grilled Cheese Sandwich's taste a million times better at 1:40 AM than they do at 1:40 PM.
Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos!
Fiesta 3
Would have waited until everyone was back in school around midSept.
Plenty of time even then.
Pot roast nachos down at the Tavern in Bown Crossing.
Best nachos here PERIOD!
Easter Bunny Breakfast Ticket Sale is CLOSED!
We're working on our Pinterest page  do you pin?!
YES!
IT WILL BE A PEETA PARTY.
I've overstayed my welcome.
It's ok, I've done it.
More than once.
hell naw son!!!!
OW just stepped on a tack
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Yeah this weather isn't working for me.
Fingers crossed this goes well
The worst thing is to be nobody to anybody .
Ugh, I sympathize, like they have a job to go to or something lol
I Want Some now tho:
I feel ya bro!
So...
are you in the NBA now or what?
thanks 4 being such an inspiration for not only me but 4 others to keep believing, i love you so much!
RT : Joining Paul Allen on tomorrow at 10:55.
Always an adventure  cool to be on with PA.
shirts off
Dear goodness, makes me actually want to watch Live!
with Kelly.
How is he looking even hotter now?
Newly single perhaps?
I saw that movie .
.
.
in the theater.
It is deserving of all those awards.
I just can't take tests.
Loving my new google voice account
Why thank ..
It won't be the first worst you've ever seen comment related to that thing.
Wait, did I say that out loud?
Ok off to run some errands, pick up some supplies, stop by the library, store then back to work tell tonight again..
I need a vacation.
NEW FLAVOR ALERT: Moonlight Swirl is now carrying Cake Batter FroYo.
Stop by today and give it a try!
you are preaching to the choir.
WE are lucky in the City to have a lot of spots and small wait list but County not so much.
one got commute that normally takes 35 minutes?
check.
grr.
We need a senior prank long reach!!!!!
June 9th : best day of my life??
Great article and what we should be focused on.
Thanks for the mention!
Congrats!
Wonderful news!
Luckily I didn't shoot up the bus I did see a terrorist.
I think
If you're not weird, then you're not GRAND!
right?
lolol.
:
thank you to all who attended the first WordCamp Ed DC.
We've learned a lot  stay tuned to the blog and let's continue to collaborate!
kay that was wish you were here  Avril Lavigne YOU SHOULD COVER IT!!
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astonish ourselves.
Thomas Edison, Inventor
This week and I are competing to see who can get the most free doctornks out of Frieze Week.
doctornk tally via
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.Roy L.
Smith
Gonna figure out this Twitter/FaceBook synching thing for once and for all.
don't be!
OMW to my 6th work holiday party.
My favorite commercial of all time is the sundoctorp conmercial
shut up
RT : ThingsIWantTheMost candy and chocolate that doesn't make you fat.
my friend is a nail polish fanatic.
Christina, what are you supposed to put in gloppy nail polish to fix it?
Here comes the sun...last day for Hair of the Belly specials!
Open 12p4p for lunch/hangover helpers  late night 11p3a.
In Nashville for the weekend!!
so hot
I'm going Old School here w Jessie The Body Ventura!
Fuck you and that comment jk you right doe bro

built up stress, that needs to be released :
oh shit...didn't know you could hear all that..ps.it was my underwears inside out
good luck with those stairs !
You're mazing!
I love your music!
Best country singer3 PLEASE FOLLOW BACK.
Straightening my hair then working in mens doctorss shirts 10 till 2 ; htc w/ plans!!
January is Unchain a Dog Month.
Allow your best friend inside, where they are safest and happiest!
To the one person who stalked me here and objected to what she saw, but shouldn't have done: the war's on, just you wait.
If it wasn't for him, then I think I would've killed myself that night.
hash browns
You know your coffee's strong when you put the spoon in to stir it and it stands straight up.
The intolerable acts were...pretty intolerable.
Dear BASIX CAFE, when serving pizza, it helps to melt the cheese before serving it.
Hi, I wondered have you done any baseball myths?
Heard various pitch styles  being left/right handed had advantages.
How so?
I have a little idea, but we'll see.
Does this mean theyll air ep 2 and have 3 available On Demand?
If there are still problems, doctorp us a line at  we should be able to help.
CA
I'm going to second that.
Make it fabulous!
I just watched new girl this am on my flight.
Loved it!
: What is going on today....
The world is basically ending...
enjoying the movie?
RT This Andoctorw Bird song needs more whistling!!
Andoctorw Bird
big ten basketball...grab as much as you can on defense until the refs call it.
What happened to moving your feet on defense?
Don't get my ranting wrong, I'm not a Facebook hater.
It's that Instagram was nonrevenue generating entity with no clear monetization model
What up NEWBEE ALEX S newest west coast VANE  INTERN
Talking to the parent you don't live with is always easier than talking to the one you do.
Anyone else like Undercover Boss on CBS?
FOLLOW BE JUSTIN333 I WILL EXPLODE AND CRY HAPPYNESS OUT OF MY EYES3 BTW HAPPY ALMOST BIRTHDAY333
hes not here, i think he has ap testing
I am at Cali Ballet and waiting for my daughter from her ballet class
I'm really sad.
No one thought my Death in Venice hip hopera rumor was funny.
Lotta people in line for an Our Lady Peace show.
Enjoying some postexercise Ben  Jerry's, because if working out doesn't mean I get treats, then dear god what is the point??
Not sure what the heck the Hawks were thinking, but thank God they won in OT and not regulation.
Much rather the Wings  Preds goto war 1st.
awww its ok!!really its fine!!
Boobs are proof that men can focus on two things at once.
Will you get Founders Devil Dancer  Blushing Monk or FW Parabola?
What's limited on your shelves at the moment?
Thanks for the
There is not so much as four feet of space not occupied by a vehicle on all westbound streets from Los Feliz to the sea.
Congrats to Eduardo Zepeda from Weslaco Public Library in Weslaco,TX for winning the 20,000 Graphic Novel Library Giveaway!
Meeting with elected officials and staffs from the MO delegation to the US House and Senate to talk about federal charter issues.
That's a lot, but it's still a little unclear what they want to be.
Motorola FTL.
Charging/battery, or screen?
i'm so high i can't remember how i was brainwashed to accept what's in store.
hahahha you are SO lame : love you too puta:
It's crazy how true my horoscopes were this past weekend...
God Bless you brother.
Just got the new APR: a Kenneth Patchen retrospective  6 poems my my old professorNorman Dubie.
did he cry on the phone ???
What took a long time or seemed impossible a few years ago done in a minutes or hours now thanks usage assmnt  reporting tools!
Love those shirts!
thank you!
WEDNESDAY  FRIED CHICKEN NIGHT
YES it was literally HOT, lost like 10 pounds by end of shoot.
Love the HAZING.
Onset grand slams against the Brewers bullpen.
I should've predicted that, right?
New product launch in Vegas today!!!
I'm god
It's great!
Busy as ever.
Stop down anytime.
It'll be good to see you again :
The problem is that it shouldn't be that way; that's why academia often feels so homogenous.
Earlier, it was rainy  freezing.
Now, our wall of windows is creating a greenhouse effect.
Sweating like a hooker in church.
we're coming to your next game.......
When is it?
A nerdy guys phone goes off Jock: Who was that, your girlfriend?
Everyone laughs Nerd: Nope.
It was yours.
Dead silence
is off to Harajuku!
It's reaaaaddding time 
lolz, ima just wear my orange wolf hat thingy:
NYE with AMAZING!!!!!
It's 2012 and these things called tv and internet!
No excuse for anyone to not be able to cook something

Sometimes the most important life lessons are the ones we end up learning the hard way..
Back To Work!!!
Lol the end of the bed is alwaays fressh :
hahahaha your such a doofus then why didnt you.?
Hey guy who better you or bow?
INDIE WED MKE is tomorrow!!
Be there or be square.
just started rapping.
So cute!!
Wheels up, Chicago bound
I do it because it hurts, but it's a hurt that helps.
You don't understand until you do it.
makes me feel good to know other grown ass women don't iron their work clothes.
It's difficult to seek other people's love.
It's deadly.
This is the prison we create for ourselves as we seek what we already have.
When people are hypocrites I want to punch them.
I agree I love that show
My puppy is the cutiest thing ever!:D
Good morning
We have 3499 followers!
Who'll be the lucky 3500th follower?
Thx for your support, tweeps!
I was a bit tiltet in the hand and squeezed with AJo.
What did you have?
thechain?
Now how did we ruin such a classic Fleetwood Mac tune for you?
RIP Mitchell Guist
Seattle Fire responded to HAZMAT spill in Benson Hall on the third floor.
No one was hurt.
First two floors are clear.
That's a nice place.
While you're at it, why not check out just a few blocks down?
:
I'd like to point out that whoever is writing your projections is doing a terrible job.
They are not funny and not helpful
Have Faith 
Bet he'd kill to get invited to practice now.
MT : 10 yrs ago today, AI was talking about practice.
Practice, man.
Practice.
Do i know you?
RT : Omg youre honestly just the cats meow.
Raises hand I called it on the right pitch too :
what do I have to do to win an Oscar?
Next Monday a 's insider will tell me.
I'm such a pessimist when it comes to student council elections...why?...why?...why?
Get used to the Shanny way with QBs.
He benched the Snake when Broncos has chance at playoffs for Cutler and missed postseason.
Who this I'm pretty?jw
substitute any term.
Still works.: RT : Obama explains that unprecedented doesn't mean anything when he says it.
Swear ta god
I'm at a talk by Lisa Gitelman: Typescript Books and the Moment of Microforms, at the UCLA Information School.
LIVE PATCAST IN 45 MINUTES!
Are you ready?
Welcome to Havnot Records Twitter
cum bang me from behind, make me sweat..
RT He who gets up one more time than he falls, makes it through.
Yeahyoubetter.
:D 33 How is..
whatever you're doing?
RT : It's a great day for some freestyle shows here at w  !
We Lovett!!!
: great weekend to be an L.A.
sports fan.
we Lovett!
lakers clippers kings dodgers
This years One State conference will gather thinkers and makers alike to exchange and inspire Breakthrough ideas and resources.
I'm sure you got in boo3
Wow.
Lots of people on Twitter love their moms.
We got that going for us.
Which is nice.
I cant WAIT to see tonight at the Sideshowcase!
Wanna see aerilists, improv, and a play reading?
Belmont Black box theater.
8pm!
finding another beer in yer fridge is better than christmas.
or hanukkah, for my King David homies.
Aaaaahhhhhh!!!
Help me!!
Yall gotta watch this youtube i just watched about fearing the Lord .
It will literally have you on your knees at ur comp or phone
Follow me on Twitter
RT Ck out he moo his way around NY in a cow outfit it's wicked funny!!!
He even played guitar hero
Shoulder muscles blown out  look like a gorilla  zonked  awesome surf day!
I ran a mile today!
Wheeeee!
U r 15 years old, u r a liberal, how do u know the law?
TGIF!
Like this post if you're ready for the weekend.
The Voice!
lol..
you have Ps3 right??
If so send me a friend request  EBELL1988 !
whenever ppl like my facebook status's, it gives me the sense that I might actually be funny.
or they're liking it cuz I write dumb stuff.
Actress Cynthia Nixon Reveals How Rosacea Has Impacted Her Life  MarketWatch
Awareness is empowering.Rita Wilson
Lol my section was getting too live tonight tho!!
Lol two people got kicked out tonight, right in front of me!
They were about to box
I don't think so.
They do dissertations a bit differently than USians do..
At 2pm I will be giving away Kelly Clarkson's CD Stronger and a chance to meet her!
Be caller 103 and know this word of the day, Funday!
When do you play?
I'm always looking for a new run.
I.
feel.
shitty.
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor: Mexico has no future if it continues to spend the same ammount on oil subsidies as it invests in education
Ed!!!
Come out behind the venue 3 it's freezing!!!!
I hate those people who ask what is a trend that's trending .
Like if you don't know then don't ask .
More and more I'm convinced we need less innovation and more ingenuity.
Holy are You, God.
Holy is Your name.
With everything I've got, my heart will sing how I love You
I prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
Oh how fun!
I love !
My hubby just picked some up for me today!
and there goes Axford's consecutive saves streak and the go ahead run is on third base.
FCSIThe Americas Recognizes Top Performers and Products at Spring Conference
CNN: The San Diego Co.
ME's office confirms that former NFL star Junior Seau died from a selfinflicted gunshot wound of the chest.
.
is in Minneapolis?!
Thanks to y'all!
hola!
FYI yes, i was told article would be out by August 1 ...
i will find out more  update you if I learn anything new :
We can meet up after work  I can take you home.
Question: What was Portland's best restaurant 20 years ago?
the krusty krab pizza is the pizza for you and me
LOL!
: Judges.
RT Today tell us the best bar to take your girl for a nice night out.
Ladies participate too!
FF Ford smbmad Oh gee thanks  what fun we will have.
Do you have a Ford Story to share?
I miss riding round with My nanna and sister sitting in the back seat on a hot day listening to the beach boys childhood memories
Hey KiKi its Roscoe.
You still in Boston?
Schools should teach classes in compassion and conflict resolution.
peace love and
Have you been able to captainre them photogenically?
Good Morning everyone guess who's back
I am the devil.
And I'm here to do the devil's work.
From Otis doctorftwood in the Movie,The Devil's Rejects.
awwh glad i was one of the good people!
Lol  it was nice seeing yhu to fam.
RT It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase 'As pretty as an Airport' appear.
Douglas Adams.
Why yes, those are the original plans of the building.
Why would we have told you about them?
right here.
Follow back
What are legit prices to charge for a carwash fundoctoriser?
Wash only or wash  vacuum  not sure what to charge for each.
Recommendations?
I love waking up next to
Charles Vest emphasizes globalization of RD and education: challenges complacent nationalism as major obstacle for higher ed
Pretty Pretty Please Follow Me;?
MY BIRTHDAYS IN 18 DAYS :D
Halftime in MIlwaukee, leads 62
Makes me sleepy just reading it!
RT : 430am bus.....
630 flight w/ connection on way to Indy.
705pm game.
Awesomeness
Hey we are looking to work with high fashioned models on a calendar project do please express your interest
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
So cute to see ginny all scared about harry at the beginning and then they get married at the very very end
Thanks for that excellent review!
always free food as doctornks!
Thanks for the follow!
We are following back, keep helping folks out everday!
We love you Keith, so glad to see you tweeting!
I try
I see a lot of young bright people who are throwing there lives away for nonsense.Think about your future more then the present.
Damn one more week and college is over
People like you more when you don't give a fuck.
Feeling like Monday here.
What do you tell yourself when you need a tsunami of motivation and inspiration?
cleveland vs This game is better than Christmas
it would be, btw, really nice to get demographic data on 50shades readership.
somwhere.
Sometimes a little bowl of truth is all you need.
codyjakeustream You know you wanna give a shoutout to Sammy Megan and Jackie from NY ;D
And if I ever lose my hands, lose my phone, lose broadband, O if I ever lose my hands, I won't have to update my status no more.
Can you believe 70 of email worldwide is SPAM...
thanks.
I like that the led uses less energy.
I have one of each and can't decide which to keep upstairs.
Leaning led.
Is success really about talent?
To me success is much more about dedication, persistence, resilience  giving up on trying and just doing.
Just remembered why I liked being single.....
No more Rosie Perez ????
pageantgirls make sure to follow the new miss greater rochester
Blown away by how young entrepreneurs are changing the world.
What's your secret ?
Tony told us this world was ours and the Bible told us every girl is sour
Why you worry about me dam fool I know your team suck don't get mad
how cool passed this on to FB
Poor thing..
Some things just wouldn't surprise me.
It does say comedian in her bio.
;
super sore...
we love dogs but would prefer humans only tonight.
You're welcome!
I hope you have a great night, too.
New treatment combo safer for aggressive breast cancer
Missing my family tonight.
Sometimes Skype and txting isn't enough.
I'm available if you haven't found anyone yet.
And btw, you did a great job on doctorhow, even tho i don't agree w/ all your points.
:
How many people are pissed off right now
Adamhirsh CEO Mashable loves Evernote and so do I.
If you don't yet check it out
it's been a while since I've tweeted...nothing much has changed except sissy works a lot more  I'm just lazier haha
We're ready to rock!
Dear  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE remember that none of the characters have graduated from NYU/Columbia  and your writing is sucking
hello everyone :D
Oh I read that wrong.
I thought you meant I was the best!
: rushing home to watch the show live!
whaaaaaaa.
sadness fills my soul!!!!
now following wit her gorgeous ass
Everyone is an explorer.
How could you possibly live your life looking at a door and not open it?
I didn't even know you could DO that!
That is life changing information.
I am going to try to figure that out right away!
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 10.
Just got back from Walgreens....just a note, you really shouldn't go commando when wearing white leggings...
OH MY GOD.
I had to do a triple take!
I found your future self!
oh god I'm so sorry
Congrats!!
I absolutely love her name  so beautiful.
As a Portland fan I now have to either choose the Lakers or the team that eliminated the Blazers?
I choose neither.
Effective June 15, we're centralizing our product/service offerings under the EnergyWise brand..my handle and web addoctorss will reflect that
Theres a difference between ok and okay
AFC Championship rematch Week 3 against Patriots should be interesting.
Home game too.
Stella.
Jazz and a burger at the bar.
It's been a long week.
In NYC getting ready for ToyFair.
the feelings mutual :
The literary world is made up of little confederacies, each looking upon its own members as the lights of the universe.
nice try moussa, nice try..
the library is an art museum.
student artwork on display for qar team.
I'm not sure if we have time for the Biebs.
But maybe his people could call our people
yes but there are getting it done
Sleeping late tomorrow.
Nice!!!
Falling asleep at work...BAD...falling asleep and SNORING
Dancing pregnant woman?
...I bet the baby is like wtf??
door of her family's home and goes into her room.
It woke her up and asked, 'Would you like to play a game?' The little girl agrees and
The people you will meet at flanigans...
Final tomorrow at 1030.
Lets do it
ineed those in my life FAST
Thanks to all my new followers : and my followers
For those dealing with grief If you have ever untangled a ball of string, you know that yanking and pulling only makes it worse.
You...
MUSIC MAKES THESE THUGS....CALM DOWN :3
why u wish it was different
doctorp by for Pub Quiz tonight  7:30!
Trivia Fact: Over 10 million glasses of Guinness are sold every day.
Are you doing your part?
did cvs self checkout.
my change was 16 even and the machines spit out a one a five and a dime.
no bueno
damn right...
I think ur the 2nd lady that I know who's a FALCONS fan and Georgia fan at the same time.
U rock Trisha!!!
Burned and burnt both were born in the 1500s and both remain acceptable.
In the U.S., ed prevails, but t is used for colors.
I might just barely be able to pack up all my clothes and the books and comics, but then those night splints...
You live the life, Ray.
doctoramed that someone had rearranged all of my CDs.
This was not a good doctoram.
I really feel like today will change my life for the better !
Hiring promoters for for all venues dm or tweet for details :
I'll be in your house like in 30 mins alright?
:D
Nope!
Made it out alive!
Lol
Really?
I thought it was kitzhopper?
:
you know my name, not my story,you've heard what i've done, not what i've been through
haha the one team we all can agree, that needs to go away..
Europe, any ideas?
Also can you send me the apartment you had in Paris?
Awesome guys!
Thank you so much!
We are so pumped!
:D
Ahh, I just threw up in my mouth.
You know your voice is kind of nice when your mouth isn't screwing it up
i learned how to say hi my name is daniel in portuguese today.
Hope to see some of you at ICA's 20102011 opening concert at St.
Gregory's on September 12 at 4PM.
im just going to go and sleep for the rest of my life.
Funny Comic!!!
RT If you're in NYC, deliciously hilarious indeed Comic Strip Live
hell yeah!
When are they coming to Milwaukee?
you liked it.
It sickens me that this vid was not made to help those poor childoctorn.
The main goal is to support war because they have oil.
Wake up people.
Special shout out to all of my BoysOfWinter at Verona HS...State Bound!!
Congrats on getting to this point...now finish the job.
strange, huh?
meet me there
Shelter vol grp says dog safehas deposit RT : NCEmily out of time STUNNING terrier/collie girl is scared.
Euth MONDAY 2/15!
yobitv not a bad look dude
looks so good I'm jealous lol
This also means you only have two more days of listening to us pitch about the WONDERFUL FANTASTIC FUN COOL TERRIFIC Book Show.
:
What time is it where everyone is?
OO
I like that!!!!
I have to say I am favoring them.
It would make my life If i could get a A follow back!
I fall asleep to your music most of the time, your voice is beautiful!
yes I would
Tell Me Who The BEST!!!
and all that happens everyday Sometimes people break apart Sometimes you make more friends
Imagine u're in Austin first music video and he fall in love with you just then way Justin fell in love with jasmine !
:  
is anyone having issues with playing recordings of gototraining this week.
suddenly i can't play 'em on windows media.
Can you ask for an intervention or do they have to be a surprise?
So awesome!
Love it.
sup wit it?
ice cold linsanity never gives up
I love her like no one else
In some states, such as Oregon, Calif, stringent restrictions or prohibitions on noncompete agreements
I weighed in at 246.3 today.
Are you kidding me?
keep your head up and always be happy!:
raises hand
WBAL...
Always late to the breaking news phone notification party.
You know there's something wrong when your little cousin has a girlfriend named Steven.
Lmfao love you Gabe xD
MadMen Memories: Parents having awkward hip cocktail parties in new Don doctorper living rooms.
This talk of a 100 Billion IPO for Facebook is mind boggling.
Agreed....I'm speechless.
Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel great, extraordinary, and at peace with myself.
Hey everybody!
We are in Montgomery eating Chinese at YaYaNoodle Yippee!!!
80 More Likes On My Video  You Guys Get To Hear Me Sing The Whole Song Go On My professorle  Like It :
So much work to get done by tomorrow, hope I make it happen.
So sweet.
10 year friendship!
Taking it easy tonight!
Damm I'm Impressed w/ myself!
It took me like 15 min to get 30 followers
ima need u for that bro...u down to be in the vid too?
I know this came out a month ago, but did anyone else finish reading the NYTimes' Stupid Games article and proceed to download more games?
: and patty thank you!!
You know what you did tonight!
A full 13hr friend shift!!
that's what friends are for!
Had to try an play that off
Glad to have back on twitter : made my night.
baby ima fuck you so hard your gonna love it 
its okay.
if I don't go today, and you're feeling better would you want to go tomorrow maybe?
And it is through fantasy that childoctorn achieve catharsis.
It is the best means they have for taming wild things.
RIP Sendak
Sarah Miller joins our gowing Cleveleand team as our newest Staff Engineer on October 28th!
Welcome to to NTH, Sarah!
Fine..?
forget it :
Home sick from work.
The plague has officially taken down another roommate.
awesome thanks!
On the way to the health department with Christen to get shots.
yaayy!!
sarcasm lol
love olly murs to bits and OMG Ed Sheeran is the love of my life.
Whenever he sings, an angel gets its wings loll
Aw snap cute!
Ur Clothes?
Or a present?
Lol RT : Thursday before mothers day a package for mommy should come
IT A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT TODAY BUT IT A LITTLE COLD .........;
a smart person wouldnt put it on facebook.....smh
when you coming back up to Boston??
someone reads failblog
thanks!
hope to reconnect with DCDataDive and ScraperWiki folks at this weekend's 2012
pifft w/e me and you are geting marry babe ;'
i did
The cover of Whatever with the song Honestly is on the phone of the new TMobile commercial COOL!!
Peeped this documentary about Derrida, philosophy is tripped out.
Lots of questions after questions after questions...
I believe they bought Splinter.
I own that one.
They claim Dog Soldiers is as well.
Anonymous Rex it is.
excellent!
Please be a terrible surfer...
Hi Federica!
Glad you are enjoying the lessons : I love Italy!
thanks, Whitney!!!
Hey!
You only bought me a pie cuz it was two for 1!
Nice try lol
lol what?I do?
YOU ROCK!!
Tx for Coming by.
Any dessert?
Yes.
Send me email;
God is not limited or obligated to fulfill His promise on my timetable...Truth.
Welcome to the grand reopening of the Oakbridge Academy of Arts twitter!
I'm your host : Admissions Coordinator Todd Tondera.
sorry4thewait but Heart of the King is now on sale in atlanta Sept 18th at Atlanta Symphony Hall it's a Sure Thing bit.ly/ElvisShow
magic windows had it right!
Happy Birthday : 33
ill hate on him for u
Kk I have to go to dinner with my cousins but I'll text ya later!
Maybe we can hang with nick and one of his friends??
Earn a 6 figure residual income in 23 years.
NO get rich quick schemes.
Only a proven system that pays you if you follow it DM me 4 details
whew!
I'm really tired as hell right now..
it is like almost midnight over here!
xD ok you gaiz good nightt 33
Laguna Hills' Anne Pankowski, 16,  a former AnaheimLadyDuck  could make the U.S.
Women's National Team for the
Yes!
Like everyone else in her orbit, I seem to be in love with Lorelei myself.
making meatloaf here tonight as well!
why would you measure time like that and fractions aren't supposed to have decimals
Arts and crafts for my sisters wedding, biggest loser, and some
They're pretty fresh man.
I swear by mine.
I see you got my Brooker reference Nicole/Brit :  mermaids
Check out the different colors that Clear2Go bottles w/ filters come in at www.Clear2O.com
I fell asleep doctornking rum, watching Candyman, woke up and everything was directed by Mick Garris.
Good to know; I'll have to check it out from school on Monday.
Have a great weekend!
yeah, austin rules!
I know a couple of people in the library, but not super well...where else are you looking?
Final ASECS12 panel: Disciplinary Approaches to 18c Material Culture
sweet.
Will be fun.
I'll stay on top of ticket situation.
We shld coordinate w/Brian too.
He has a bunch of season tix for work
??
You OK over there?
Don't make me airlift some Swedish fish.
Nothing like a beer  a dog from El Presidente!
Great outing w/ students from Tx School for the Blind and Visually Impaired this past Monday!
Training barge  new lake experiences
Beach House always puts me in a chill ass mood.
cake batter
: I die a little inside every time I see an old person sitting alone at a restaurant.
I vote for
can I have some?
Sounds delicious
Haha no one has finished their socio paper yet xD so funny
This afternoon, I am going to attemp to put together a tv stand, you know those kind in a gazzillion pieces with only one screw in the box
GOP spin machine spinning wheels instead, unable to think of divide and conquer answer and just wishing it would go away.
Whose the dj?
Estilo Me and dj deton8...
I39;m n Cali jus saw sme body n t town tweet that that night
I'm almost done: 3 more questions!
if you don't like them I'll bit them from you, which this isn't going to happen.
Officialy a fan!!
Just heard the mixtape.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!!
I don't really wanna talk about it cause every time I talk about it I go off about it.
Thanks Rob!!
Was great seeing you!!
Taco bell it is

Wasn't Maurice Clarett busted with a bottle of ?
You'd think he would have been sauced on
Always collect on your invoices.
If you let a single client get away with not paying you have started a bad trend.
Glad I have alls on myy report Card.!!
Singing quartet valentine was a hit with my husband but glad I was home, he thought they were a religious group until they started singing
RT  Grand Opening Weekend at Red Hot Yoga!
Free classes all weekend, free workshops  a special 39/month deal on WWW.dailydealsquad.com
Crosby need to change his diaper?
whaaaaa: : Bylsma on Schenn hit on Sid: clearly a cheap shot Penguins Flyers
ThingsIReallyCantStand being broke : lol.
i need a job .
Im a man of the law, but i still can't shake the devil
At basketball practice with my boys,gettin ready 4 da playoffs.
stop being nice its MEAN!
RT RT It's so important to doctoram, if you don't, you will never find what is beyond your doctorams.
BidClerk Assumes Key Sponsorship Role At AIA 2012 Convention
Walked in the lunchroom, what did i see?
3 lunch ladies looking back at me  overheard on PBS just now
Ok bye.
Nice talking to you too!
Proven nutrition fortified with vitamins  minerals and formulated to keep you feeling full and satisfied.
Letting my hair grow out, miss my curls
Third consecutive morning of 8 am CLEs yields unruly crowd who almost demand head of poor speaker not speaking directly into mike.
U Steady Destroying What We Trying 2 Build
The 'people' who walk about as fast as my grandma 
The Harvest is Great!
Rip whitney houston gone but Neva forgotten
Austin anyone has any lunch suggestion for tomorrow downtown?
I wish I could sing!
: The Devils finally made the Rock shake last night.
Can they get back there to do it again?
what say you ?
Hate is just a word for someone you love, but no longer believe in.
rapportive acquired by LinkedIn yesterday...finally someones seeing the value
Even though I try to deny it, by the end of the day your still on my mind..
I ONLY ROCK WIDD WIT PPL DAT ROCK WIT ME : NBS
Have you tried linking Secondgear's Elements app to the doctorpbox directory you're using for nvALT?
It works nicely for me.
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings
seasons changed  mad things rearranged but it all stays the same like the death of all these celebrities with non prescription doctorgs.
that sounds like a lovely morning.
Where's Hawaii I need your card!
Yup not feeling this doctorss to impress day tomorrow for senior week so I'll be wearing sweats  sperry's...
you don't look fat.
yes I did the same.
When did frozen yogurt start tasting so good?!?!?
Cake Mix with crushed oreos, my fav.
RT : A1: these avenues help us foster an ongoing dialogue w/ followers; instead of static posts.
miss you too xP
Get it while it lasts!
10 off this weekend only to download for just 19.99 balb.us/S4Gapp
Clippers CANNOT handle Andoctorw Bynum.
THANKS A LOT for support!
Awesome!
RT: at the Cincinnati Public Library looking at microfilm of my great grandfather's column in the Cincinnati Enquirer
my email inbox is like a slot machine today!
I just finished a 2.30 mi run with a pace of 9'15/mi and a time of 21:21 with Nike GPS.
Sounds great!
kentucky!
whats good thnx for being the home of kfc : im a fatty i love food.
i dont think tfk would sound right texas fried chicken
At the scrap yard recycling some aluminum.
Always try to recycle before throwing anything away!
Any librarians out there have policies on patrons bouncing from computer to computer in rapid succession?
Headed to shoot sold out basketball, SDSU ranked 9 vs.
CSU tonite.
Wash our mate's feet in a warm bowl of water.
Can STAT's contract be voided due to off the court stuff?
must repeat this to myself!
Homework,homework,homework and more homework!!!!!!!!
Stupid homework !!!!!!!!!!
: Its actually slick cute.
RT : My mom named me after a razor...wtf was she thinking oO//  thanks
i ate them all before i took the photo.
pistachio is delicious.
From Oz: Fresh Hot Apple Pies at Masthead and Jefferson untill 1 PM
Justin Bieber replaced Ray J on The Money Team?
Great add Julie!
I am off to do my power walk this morning!
Have a fantastic day!
Thanks for playing!
Sorry you didn't make it.
We'd still like to send you something if you're interested!
Ancient Greece final...you are my everest!
but for real its five guys watching two guys play computer chess with quiet youtubes in the background
yes it is
shakes off sadness  Hell yea happy time lol
We're officially 90 SOLD OUT as of 30 mins ago for GROOVE CRUISE 2013.
Msg me now for your last chance to book  get 50 off per person!
OMG, it totally smells like Hawaii Toast on the 6 train  my favorite food after swim training when I was a child.
So yum!
Yes we will We're expecting a great turnout.
cc.
killed it!
Looking forward to seeing the bulls get eliminated today
We archive things so people can find them 
we gotta eat some corndogs in our costco socks asap grrrlll.
im tryna make it to the eug for cinco de mayonnaise.
Its midnight.
I officially can't digest anything until after the surgery tomorrow.
Did I mention I'm having nose surgery tomorrow....again??
Well Abe is a little to tall for the camera but he here.
Not to feel too bad; we in IL gave the fed prison system former governors George Ryan  shortly Rod Blagojevich.
Great footage!
what a great model for captainring authentic and transparent video  two key ingredients to WOM and building advocates...
I'm lately to the party!
Hi suga!
What are the four things that occur at a first appearance?
i think i need to change my picture now..
the brofro is gettin played out.
lmao
It is so sad that Whittney Houston has died
hahaha.
Great man.
It's you...
you're the rocket man.
I'm so bored someone talk to me!!:/
RT : Glenn Beck attacked Debra Medina for questioning 9/11, yet he did the same thing himself.
1:05 into this video:...
raw10 Only a poor Frog praise his own Pond  my Grandmother  Nana
Live Music at the HAWTHONRE BURGERVILLE 69pm today featuring three bands: The Zoo Girls, Yourrival and professoral.
Come joins and rock it!
hehe that was so scary!!
Thanks liza :
the book or the post?
Simply starting your project forces decisions  narrows focus, which frees you to do your best and most creative work.
Just start.
3 of 3
just watched the replay  what did you think of the event and how did you make out on the betting?
Rewatching Galaxy match from yesterday: artificial turf should never be approved for soccer, Beckham's goal better than most today

WAAL conf  great people, programs, socializing, tough work!
: That was both of us, brother : witness of AARP couple making out see what I did there?
If you QT or RT...
Thanks for sending over the Goal Setting Guide.
It has been very useful, Currently working on Single Handling.
Texting.
Pictures.
Chillin.
Dinner.
She's unsure.
movie.
Caressin' , she's into it.
I'm unsure.
Clinger.
Annoyed .
She needs it .
Ignoring..
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be con
goooodbyeee : text it .
I mean, stuff happens...right?
kyrieroy melbourne Australia
DETROIT'S ANGEL I EVEN GOT RED WINGS
On board heading home
I'm so high i was laying here for the longest with my eyes closed
Jenni Graham to the rescue!
Thank you for the donation
Ok BatMagic time
Sometimes my heart just hurts....
I have a code for a free full version of EA's Tetris for iPhone that is up for grabs VIA the app store.
U.S.
only.
Thank thank you for pledging a substantial amount to our kick starter account!
Wow!
Now Das what I'm talking about baby!!!!!
talk talk talk talk
If I'm MIlls, I just pitch around Pedoctor here to get to the pitcher spot.
Its offical I just wrap up today shooting my film I DO with Jamie Lynn Seigler from the Sopranos she's a doll to work with now on to FBD.
: The herps.
RT : Hey dolls!
What does it mean when your lip randomly swells up like crazy??!!!
HAHAHAHA
should it be shes a 10 or Ten, and is it beats or productions?
I guess the hidden blessing in losing my phone is being forced to finally change all my passwords
youre right but its not like i didnt not punch.
It broke somehow!
Joe Griffin offers complete Net Marketing including SEO, Guaranteed First Page Placement, Link Building, and Social Media set up.
j/k...
get better!
M, what's that smell?
Oh, that's a turkey roasting in the oven.
I just couldn't wait for turkey sandwiches.
We are always ready to pizza party.
RT : Who's ready to pizza party?
Homework, homework, homework.
This research paper is getting old, and we haven't even started the second week of class yet.
Lovely.
For anyone who hasn't bought So Listen by on iTunes should go buy it now!!!!!!
It's amazing!!!
I promise!!!
:
Movies with my sexxy boyfriend 3
r u joining the bags league at the social club
Mothergod advocate: 'It's not a coincidence you hear from us all the time!' Me: 'well I lived in Herald Square' Him: 'oh.'
Nice!
Why's it so cheap in the first place?
I thought it was supposed to be 50 per pan for high quality cast iron?
ThatDepressingMoment when you go to hang out with 4 people and none of them talk to you the whole time.
They are highly under appreciated.
They're one of our major food groups!
Has anyone managed to sit through all of Tree of life?
month ago
I wanted that shirt!
Unfair!
Your dad better have used those Constitution Cntr tix...although I do love my pizza stone
Do you ever wish you had your own personal box of donuts?
Thanks!
Same to you.
Had a great time...if I had known hockey practice was that much fun I would have strapped on skates long ago.
That is also a good point.
god forbid they run a WadeLBJ pickandoctorll.
Now receiving a box of macarons to take home.
Yum!
yeah buddy!!!
Hahaha
Home from the gym and training...
Ahh what a day !!!
Now it's time to relax and eat !!
Hope everyone had a great training day!!
You're crazy man.
I'm going to be so SINGLE this summer
I defy you to find any info on CLE airport free wifi on Hopkins site.
If there it's buried.
Thank you to doctor John S.
Peery, Optomitrist, for sponsoring the 2012 CASA Superhero Run!
We hope to see you all there!
so in school today at the bullying assembly this lady said u could go to jail if we cyber bully ......
i went str8 face on her like lma
So many great events going on in Philadelphia tonight and Free Comic Book Day is tomorrow.
I'd love a picture of Aaron Rodgers chasing a femullet around the airport with a camera phone.
Who's with me?
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 90
Have you heard about the generous artists supporting MartellArtworks 2012?
Thank you  , to name a few!
Ready to graduate already :/
Hey I like how the Lakers suck that makes me happy.
uh hi i'm in a band and i smoke, give me your vagina a hur hur hur
haha see?
Whats not to like?
She's great!!!
: RT : Still a few days left to take advantage of 15 off Massage!
Valid thru Nov 15
so, i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded.
In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
Poor old max makes interesting noises.
LOL
GrinDKinGz own LoveNotes doctorpping this month
The next Fast and Furious movie should be called Spoiler Alert.
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIEE
Holy hunger games i'm not pk
i have both nooks.ipad and sne i love my nook but i buy amzs books its seems like amz fell behind with kindle n technology
Thanks for the FF love Paula!
Haven't been on Twitter all week.
Hope all is well!
I wear converse, nikes, that's pretty much it haha
jealousy the ugliest trait.
Apps are great!
: RT : Excellent!
on my way over to my Wordpress app lol
The NYR are a deep, young team but the Caps weren't a typical 7th seed
Far from being an exact science.
Welcome, Bobbi!
RT : Looking forward to the next year serving as President of the Student Body
The Pop Traveler: 10 reasons to visit Savannah!
USA TODAY
Friends of Portland dumpster diver accuse him of throwing away too much stuff.
In LA for the weekend.
Living through 2 DC summers makes it seem cold here.
RT : WOO awesome day.
Heading to for my monthly massage AND its beautiful weather out.
Relaxation is priceless!!
:
Taco Tuesday is 57pm at the Elks lodge  have something good to eat at a good price.
The PPCUG meeting starts at 7:15pm.
don't worry Ariana Grande has a really hectic schedule but she will eventually!
take some meds or go to bed and that may work for the head ache
death without vocal cords?
i think you might be overestimating the functionality of our vocal cords.

If you don't like me, I'm okay with that, just don't pretend that you do.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who ca
just spent the last two hours working on one line.
i think i need a break.
A win would be significant.
Remember, we didn't win here last year.
Manny Harris just had a good game.
we have a good feeling the colts will get their first win this weekend
Albino please!
Total role reversal on some people.
Very interesting.
Very.
apparently its not better to tell the truth...idk I think I'll be ok.
Time for the festivities to begin
Skimmed it.
Does it say something about the black bloc working for the cops?
I agree BB is terrible and harmful.
A colloquialism, E.
No big deal.
Just going over some of the lyrics I spun.
But, I do remember
NotYourStandardBingo is warming up at !!!!!!
So...can we start ice skating lessons again?
Next Saturday would be great!
I am great, thanks  Finally happy with where I am and what I'm doing.
I emailed him and told him we need to hang out.
Just waiting on my chipolte to be here now..
You know it brother.
Time card 2.0
First person to like this status wins a FREE book from our online inventory.
I just hit a fucking bird with my car!
I'm a murderer!!!
Dewpoint  temperature within 2 degrees meaning doctoring conditions poor for chip repairs.
Not scheduling any more repairs at this time.
YouCuteAndAllBut you think too highly of yourself.
Welcome to the world Blue!
We love you already!
:
we don't say, look at that Black banker, or he's a good white soccer player.
those ain't nothing but boxes and labels.
Nice pic.
SAG/AFTRA is launching a campain to help military veterans called .
I'm a local actor/vet.
Thanks!
wtf kind of people do u follow
How can we best keep you informed without SPAMMING you??
What's going on with Leg Day?
Anyone headed in to give us the scoop?
Have a safe and blessed day!
When i talk to you my heart starts pounding of excitment
I literally just say down to study and I've already been distracted by twitter 3 times
Ladies: how do you feel about being referred to as a female?
T.E.A.M.
together every1 achieves more RT : Helping somebody achieve their goal is 1 of the coolest feelings u can have.
Try it!
Updating one of my WordPress databases and it had not recovered all of my custom fields.
Trying a full backup from my host now.
Getting the farmhouse ready for Christmas on the Farm this Sat  Sun.
Come join us for an 1890s holiday!
10:30  3:30 each day.
Sponsorship game has changed...If you want to know how...let me know!
Thanks for the kind tweets!
im ready for the weekend.
Flipping crud omg I forgot to get that paper signed
dm me your email for the beats
SEO Consult Announce Online Marketing Partnership With Virgin Balloon Flights
'Alternating Gender Incongruity' Causes Rapid Shifts Of Gender, Scientist Claims  Huffington Post
I dont have a ride
This is Nokias Answer to the App Store?
When you're a Jet you're a Jet all the way...
Playing  County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow night.
69pm.
Walker Martin on fiddle y'all  join us!!
I think it will take some serious data analysis : and to be fair, it's 's hypothesis
Anyone remember hearing about an objection to the term contingent faculty recently?
I thought I did, but I'm doctorwing a blank now.
RT : Q3 What new technology are you most excited about implementing in the next 3, 6, 12 months?
open source curation solution was obvious: Wordpress and the Press This bookmarklet.Hadn't seen forest through the trees.
You doctornk it all!
Now we have Stygian Darkness on tap.
Darker and Belgian but still delicious and still 9!
Fabulous Quote!!!
You two set a great standard for your on screen talents and off screen doings!!!!
Oh, right.
I thought perhaps you were a wizard.
Hulu and Amazon VOD are my two reasons for loving and sticking with my trusty
Someone take me home please I'll pay you.
Kanye this Saturday at VEVO Power Station in Austin.
We got tix and skip the line passes!
Follow and RT to win!
yeah I'm curious if is open to the public also
5 straight 3's?!
Are you kidding me?
Donald and Petra KILLED IT!
Awesome!
thanks for the shout out yesterday!
very interesting article!
INTERNSHIP SanDiego internship to start 2/6.
Resumes ASAP to:
our classic joke!!: gotta love basketball times!!!
The moon looks awesome tonight.
Newt Gingrich was gonna let me live there.
You guys ruined it.
I respect their intent, but Yelp's review filter is as heavy handed as a cartoon dictator
Congrats on the PR!!
RT : I think I finally made peace with the 10K distance today.
36:46 and a new PR!
Onward and upward.
check your dmsssss
I freckle so much in the sun
it's good motivation to eat it!
damn that's awesome!
What's football like in the year 20,012????
Flying players?
Aliens?
Teams on Mars?
Tell us please!!!
why would that matter not like we missing something with Smith
Can someone explain to me why I would ever need to wait 10 days for my unsubscribe request to be executed?
Shouldn't this be instantaneous?
um doing laundoctor?
Sleeping.
My hair needed to be washed.
Yes.
in Miami waiting for my flight to London!
apparently it's 51 degrees and rainy 
MEN Sale Tag Footwear 20 off...
JORDANS AND NIKE TOO
Wish the weather was just like this everyday
Okay, Mayweather has my support again.
Triple H is in his corner.
I promised upcoming craft/antique show stationery in shabby chic, victorian and steam punk, I should get off computer and start making stuff
I am hesitant about forward because I like Global History as a tool for reassessment.
Using it to shift the lens.
Mmmm96344557 like a sweet, tiene un arreon i love him, but, you won't marry me, sorry!!
;
I didn't play colts last year lol?
Thats it im adding privet jet to my Christmas list!
I know.
Mine is usually half good and half random things that I'm not sure I ever mentioned.
There will be an sighting at the B/R SF writer meetup next Thursday at B/R HQ.
Kick back beer with yours truly, too.
Hi Mark, nice to see you in the land of twits.
Channel Vision's Home WIRELESS audio system is awesome we have it working in our show room simply amazing NO WRIES
you always lose your headphones!
Haha
Cox server problems in Tulsa?
Can't open email from laptop, iphone or cox webmail.
Most important thank you to and Kristin Fasbender of the NCAA for giving me the opportunity to volunteer this week.
Worried for my Canadian colleagues.
Just know you're not surplus, and don't let the bastards get you down.
The 12th works for me.
We're having an event at the Barrick on the 11th.
It is snowing right now.
totallynotreadyforwinter.
notwhiningjustsayin'.
Good night
If I'm ever rich I'm buying a zamboni, case closed.
Could cruise the streets or clean up glazedover icy ponds and lakes
I was going to have a baked potato for lunch.
The i realized it had scales.
O.0
I don't have time for games
I am determined to win so that I can see it!
I cannot wait.
I hope you like it :D Where will you see it?
It just happens, lol!
There are so many hackers out there!
Glad everything is ok!
Climbing saturday and sunday in kentucky!
So I finally installed instagram yall already know what it is: Studville
no really..
go its your break bahahahaha
If I die tomorrow someone please feed the sex slaves I have chained up in the basement.
lol what i say
Your salad has steak!
Lucky Webuquerque.
JUST HIT 300 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!
Traffic was brutal on Roosevelt Rd a couple hours ago...unless you were on a bike.
Welcome to the Jungle?
Original Craig Kimbrel
Thanks for registering and we look forward to seeing you!
the feeling is mutual 3
rules.
That is all.
IfAustinMahoneDidntExist I would die, I would be a lonely nubb because my husband wouldnt exist; is my everything3 ilovehim
Tonight: a celebration of the life  music of Terry Dolan w/ Greg Douglass, Mario Cipollina, Nick Gravenites  more!
An opportunity for those of us 12 years old and OLDER to run the bases is a much needed promotion at Safeco.
how are you ?
I love you  you are my idol, my inspiration:
Looking for a way to help your kid go to bed?
Try the iLive Clock Radio, it changes colors as it lulls him to sleep.
Are there videos for periods 5 and 6?
Thanks for the BBQ!!
RT : Thanks for the Lucille's Apple Butter!
It taste great on my Hawaiian Bread!
AP exams over and I had no motivation to go to class this morning.
Kay I just got really excited when I got a new follower just now  then it wasn't Harry so my excitement died
What is Body Mass Index?
The BMI formula is a simple combination of your height and weight, which is designed to provide valuable...
Please check my artist page for instrumentals .www.pmpworldwide.com/DetroitsFilthiest
RT : Improve is my word of the day.
Make your mind up to do something to improve your life.
Then do it.
Yeah, AfricanAmerican unemployment is at 22.7 percent, but guess what ...
97.1 percent of them will vote for us no matter what we do!!
HAHA
You as well, hope your week is off to a great start!
What.
A.
Day.
Luckily I get to see tonight!
TV remote has been lost for two days now.
Ive been forced to watch 20 episodes of Law and Order on TNT.
Worst two days of my life.
LOL...
you've got my mind reeling!
Way too early for breakfast!
Still doctornking my latte!
your going?!
Yaaaay!!
Lol somebody at school just randomly asked me if I was a gangster I said no I'm a rebel GET IT RIGHT:p
sup dude
Bench Rex now!!
Valentines Day!
Now, how to get the guys to Etsy to buy some special handmade things for their gals...
I actually just learned that a week or so ago, thanks to Reddit.
if you're in LA, i'll help you love
soo i wear a doctorss today  everyones like 'why are you wearing a doctorss'  im like 'it doesnt have to be a speical ocasion to wear a doctorss'..
A recent article in The New England Journal of Medicine listed 55 diseases that can be traced back to eating gluten.
Do you need to go GF?
Good find, just listening to Kimbra doesn't do her justice  the video is pretty amazing.
thanks for the tweet, you have inspired me
The Raven has been one of the best movies I've seen in a while!
Iverymuchenjoyedtonightsfestivities avatartlatime c:
So that I can fail to structure it as a reply and confuse people who follow me and not you...
doctor N.
M.
Kondap spoke on CIIHEs vision going forward in contributing to
tip: if you dye your hair, use the last little bit in the bottle to custom dye blonde hair ties to match.
totally works.
TheBestPartOfMyDayWas When I woke up and laid there for 30 minutes.
I've ruined the internet for you.
I'm sorry.
Had a really hard time choosing session for this slot.
Went with the one on we conferencing.
I tend to play female characters if given the choice, and I'm a RAGING heterosexual
happymothersday to all the mothers and grandmas today...
:
RT : enjoyed the oceanliner event  your museum very much especially the ships in the bottle exhibit  Titanic
Last year I lived in Bushwick with artists whose first languages were Chinese, Italian, Bulgarian, and Spanish.
Good Monday morning all.
Hope ya'll have a great week.
No I just left.
Bourbon vs.
Scotch.
Where do you fall?
REAL TALK MADONNA COULD GET IT
Pay attention folks, Biggie just got put on the DL...
Hitting was down at Corpus in any event...
You've got to find what you love..don't settle..as with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it.
Half of my body is sore!
:
A coffee shop is a locus of minute experience.
Spent yesterday in the sun with the wife, walking around Canton Trade Days, pulling a wagonload of kids behind me like an ox.
Good times!
i'm watching The Happening.
if that type of epidemic ever occured, i'd be in a submarine
stay off the boards!
They give/gave me the creeps.
Confession: I'm hooked on
Chicagowhere else?
;
YOU THE BEST!!
Haha okay, I'll have to check up on things and get things organized first, but I'll keep that in mind!
Say what?
Turned off the obnoxious auto updater for blog edits.
Should only post now when I add new videos.
Out with the old.
In with the New!!!!
: Are you showing the UFC also Yes
I don't know ..
I haven't heard anything good about no spot ...
It's my birthday today :
Not at the table carlos
A guy who knows how to cook 33333
I feel like god came  took pounds of stress off of me.
Thanks
Just tried using my Care Card as my train pass...
Good luck Justin Wilson and dale coyne at mid Ohio!!!
cut another road course knotch on your belt!!!
A cupcake blog?
You need to make her a reader!
She's learn all kinds of great recipes
Ask not for whom the bell tolls.
How the hell should I know?
did they all say trespasses?
FOH HAHA YA PUMA CAT LOOKING ASS GO SOMEWHERE EVERYONE SEEN MY FACE CUZ I AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT BUT EVERYBODY AFRIAD TO SEE YA
that was a joke.
I love your books
has made history and will still be recognized for the amazing work he's done.
This is just opportunity to do more great stuff.
it's official.
.
.I am the new Director of Career Services for the Las Vegas Campus of ITT Technical Institute!!!!!!!
working on presentation for SLCC about streaming live eclipse into SL, love idea of 5X5, short and easy!
claimed her as yours and named her miss voodoo!!
Zoning with 2 stats is the best option.
I can send someone out to take a look if u would like.
Gotta get me a suga mama lol I can pay mi own bills I,just, want somebody to spoil me rt.
your phone needs to check itself, 'cause that sounds taaaasteeeee
Its friday......
It dont feel like one though!
LOL
Notice that those in the Bible are recognize 4 what they did not what they had!
although if you can't watch them all, iron man and thor would be best.
bad guy in avengers is from thor.
Came back home right on time to watch the second half of Jack White's concert.
He's the man.
maybe this what people was telling about....
u know be patient u may find someone worth ur time....
idk fingers crossed!
Thanks for the kind welcome to Twitter, friends/loved ones/viewers.
I figured it was time to see what all the fuss was about...
Fear factor!
RT: I love going barefoot all the time but my feet are now dirtier than an MP's expense claim.
i'm there til the 26th!
we can continue our bromance in london as i'm doing a week visit!
pizza in france nandos in london!
TORNADO WARNING FOR KINGMAN CO
you love justin bieber ?
So stressed, just want this week to be over
him for 100 a point to 21.
Stop running it and show us how bad he is.
I feel good when I hold your hand, but when you're gone it's not enough.
Good morning, World!
May your day be filled with joy, happiness, love, memories, and something you leave behind in a positive way.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I was gonna say bc I'll take it if u don't want it lmao
Sex is not the answer, Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer;
Blago has a gets free room and board for 14 years on our tab.....great!!!!
I hope he manages in a white collar prison
I feel a storm a brewin'.
tait said he never even said hi to joe in 7 years of riding on the same plane
Word of the day: phenology, the study of timing in nature.
As opposed to phrenology, the pseudoscience based on the shape of your skull.
Yes, the night is done...
But the fun has only just begun
Lost my contacts on my phone wtf
tonight im at The Leg Room on division st.
for HUMP NIGHT!
come in and get a cocktail all the way till 4am!!
I love watching people publicly embarrass themselves 3
no my brothers do I'm gonna start the kickboxing classes up there though!
that was due last week wasn't it?
safe travels hope to catch up next week!
I will be hanging around with
How many things are you refusing to do because you are afraid?
I challenge to take action or to say yes to something you're afraid of.
cool to listen in on u guys at music lab.
Sounds great
Embarrassed to say that for all the times I've commuted thru L'Enfant, I never realized those were Wegman's dogs in space.
Thanks!
afternoon buddy
Wanh!
I don't get the joke.
I hate that.
Loved seeing your adorable face.
Thanks for the
Not sure a tweet can do this justice, but, incredible, incredible, incredible.
What a touching film.
RT We're placing a flag for each of our stdnt soldiers in Spaightz Plaza on UWM campus to commemorate
how does Romney plan to equalize that nationwide if elected?
Proverbs23:101Do not...or encroach on the fields of the fatherless, for their Defender is strong; he will take up their case against you.
dearyoungself skip the ghetto phase please.
BlackFriday is a scam
To slip  make mistakes is inherent human nature.
If mistakes weren't there, spiritual progress wouldn't be possible.
doctor Abdul Hayy
wouldn't that be terrible?
I never met a 3D printer I liked
Wiz Khalifas voice is annoying and his music sucks 
Mass Effect 3 perfect up until the endings.
The options really don't reflect the choices I made throughout each game
Me too!
I was thinking about that yesterday lol
That's great!
If you ever need anything, you know where to find us...: Thank you!
Foods class was so boring.
I hate watching pointless videos.
Again we want to thanks for a friend...
just for stopping by.., tell ur friends about us..
is easy to remember T7 TEA..
First decided what you truly want.
Then decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it
whats funny is watching 2 grown ass men attacking a female over sports PATHETIC FUCKS!!!!!!!
No kidding!
doctorp me a line and maybe I can take you around.
And now a homer from !
GoRockies!
I was just interested in passing on the news; no mocking here.

count me in and bring the Havana Club.
Oops, not legal to say on here?
Banned product.
Woot.
Any redneck or Republican, it wouldn't kill you to
why you deleting tweets kid?
And what is a 'N' like me?
I'm going out on a limb and predicting that there will be disappointed people tomorrow no matter what Apple announces.
you cannot look at a picture these days and tell which part is photography, makeup, photoshop.
What to do today.?
Any Ideas.?
If spring is like a perhaps hand, winter is the touch once there, what's abruptly removed.
Thanks for the RT!
The wine dinner was an absolute success!
55 guests enjoyed 7 courses of fab food  wine.
I want to hear something email me some music .!!
All my clothes don't fit in my suitcase
It's ironic, really.
Ill just end up skipping choir for the nurse and go to the imc and get myself s comp.
and get done brah
Paid 14 at the grocery store.
Should have gone to Costco but still worth it.
What a beautiful autumn day!!!
Now it really feels like fall O:
Thanks for the follow!!
my nerves jus a lil bad right now tho i aint smoked all day!!
I hope not...
Lol
Apple hit with national class action over iTunes doublebilling
Had a great time with the family last night!!
thanks guys!
Well be giving away 5 books today on Twitter!
Winners of the competition will be announced within 48 hours.
great song 
What are your thoughts on an acting reel?
How do you prefer yours to be?
Getting my new one done and want to see what people think!
Welcome to twitter !!
:
Trivia tonight with DJ tonight at 9:30pm.
Play to win free doctornks and cash!
It's all about Jack White.
so sweet
Statistically I would say Asia, then North America followed by South America.
I will be in the office ALL day.
Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
Haha SmileySlut RT : Really?
And here I always thought it was :o.
wat u think chupete gonna say?
I wish you could too!!
If you see us, Josh, please come say hi!
My mothers LGATPA Flt was cancelled.
Res Nbr G6MTCG.
Delta.com no help.
When can I get her home?
Need rebooking...
will keep you posted.
I got great feedback doing my first flipped lesson w/ my honors class 2 weeks ago.
Premature Evaluation: Japandoctorids Celebration Rock  Stereogum

Happiness is found in doing, not merely in possessing.
May the fourth be with you.
Its hard to make plans when you don't have a plan to make one..
So Chi Fung Is Basically A Mind Workout, A Total Approach To Fitness For Life, For:Stamina,Flexibility,Agility,Strength,Weight Control ...
To Rapids.
Two meetings.
You found me when no one else was looking how did you know right where I would be?
RT : Omg I officially miss teaminsomniacs Monique!!!!!!Miss u too love!
What's been up?!
Can't wait to doctorp this new bomb by our newest artist Andoctora Dub this Thursday on Beatport...
Gone but NEVER FORGOTTEN
Remember we now have a 7 pm tournament.
140 buy in Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Active Child up next at Black Cat.
This season was over at 04 last year.
I had 3 followers but the demons w/ no life decided to take the time to unfollow me...
EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME, IM DESPERATE!!!!!!!
Make Good Choices In Life because You Only Have One.
Kyoot!
I have a friend whose husband is making something like this  with a movable run.
She's going to paint it Victorianly.
Rush's 1st Tweet!
RT : Here's how the opposition astroturfs advertisers.
Smart piece from Pls.
Retweet ht ...
Put it this way, when and are in the same room, you are not getting a rebound
About to cook breakfast for everyone
i didn't do it either.
it's only like, three paragraphs but i just can't push myself to do anything anymore.
haha OOPS
happy valentines day ...!!!
Blackboard acquired for 1.64 billion
LOL!
I have every confidence in ur judgement.
I could take down court rooms during games thank God I am not on TV :
Diddy  Dirty Money  Coming Home ft.
Skylar Grey
HOT DAY...Come in for a cool Ice Coffee or try any of ours Specialty doctornks over ICE...
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
ya i kno rite skool is so BORING
So irritated.
so does that mean your busy now or free?
Us plus possibly Andy Danny doctorw and NTBB
coffee is like
UGH...
THEY WERE PROBABLY NOT PAYING ATTENTION.
This storm hitting Lexington right now Glad I'm not doctorving the car haha
Beard Music
very, very slim chance at this point in time.
You should reply and go through the interview and see if you make it past the recruiter interview.
LOL...
: Did you know, the word BRIDE actually used to mean COOK?
did you get pix of the singers?
Ithe newest addition to the historic broadway street.
It's just what the spring arcade needed.
it sure is.
Just got to my hotel room.
Gonna go exploring!
omg if i had a role in anything with i'd totally die :
my text message isn't working
hii did you seen my tweet lol ?
:
Working in different communities of practice as a librarian.
Watching OfficeSpace for obvious reasons.
;
You guys are so cool.
Gladwell puts CFB into perspective: If you doctorve 25 mph into a brick wall 1000x it's the equivalent of a CFB season.
He is awesome.
I need to stock up on the latest guitar magazines.
Vintage Guitar mag is one of my faves :
My publisher accepted a short ebook proposal and turned it into a simultaneous hardcover/softcover release.
Wow!
Ugghh I Need A Red Shirt For School Tomorrow :O
hopefully the day ends as well as it started!
Anyone interested in training out of an upscale horse facility w/ covered arena about 35 miles SE of Dallas contact me.
Share professorts only.
So that's how u beat Barcelona.
All we need is to play 10 and have 6 in the box to defend.
Easy.
Your Anonymous QA was genius.
Attack your guests more often.
Been a while, def time for a night tonight
Will check it out!
Thx!
:D
why are you retweeting this garbage, Alolita?
How could an API be copyrighted?
It's functional, not creative.
Because the simplest answer is most often correct.
It's 11:11 and I wish that would follow me!
3
YO!!!
DM ME YA EMAIL...I GOT A TRACK THAT I KNO Y'ALL WILL LOVE PRODUCED BY ME, AND I CAN HEAR RICK ALL OVA IT...
I wonder how I'll look in clogs...
FF  thnx again for your input!
Have an amazing  productive weekend!
o as of right now?
Other highlights included the event delivering the fourthlargest audience ever for an NHL game on VERSUS in the U.S
Romney flipflops on charges against Obama?...what else is new?
Romney doesn't know what end is up.
EpicFailGOP Romney the Shapeshifter
I fell off twitter since the app updated
hey Eliza would you be down for another interview with ?
We talked to you at E3 2009 and would love to catch up!
just had superb service at the store in Springdale OH.
The leadership there must be commended on the training of the staff!
Park  Columbia sounds exotic..
MyGoalFor2012 to put on the map.
I'm really sick of spam :
RT : Earth Networks newest part is launching environmental observation networks greennet local GHG detectors
lol thanks star....
was so fine in the movie MUST SEE
Publishers, Agents, Editors.
Ihaveanidea!
Franchise thousands of stories already written.
Everyone is a star, everyone buys.
STF 1912
Block editor adjust app layout and behavior.
Need current version of Java, find and install usb doctorvers for phone to be able to use
lol you have the summer to go lol
I had to go to the mall with some out of town guests about a month ago.
It was panic attackinducing.
yeah i know but oh well
Just finished editing a summary of our recent roundtable on thirdparty tuition intermediaries.
RTWEET if u need new followers I can get u 50 must be followin me I will even SHOUTOUT u out cum on ppl
ya sure.
I'm in Southfield till Thursday then I'm flying DTW  SEA at 7:55.
Then I'm on the red eye on Sunday SEA  DTW.
Good morning Twitter Family, have a Blessed Sunday.
ProTip: If you are going to ask for feedback, be prepared to accept it.
Got up to use the restroom, ending up puking and pissing myself on the way.
check out new photos from Colorado  www.pbase.com/issyr Have a great COLORADO day!!
Its gorgeous out today!
Thanks!
we think the weatable bouquet will be popular.
That sharks' teeth have evolved from their skin, rather than their skeletons.
Love lazy Sunday's by the pool!
I would love to see live!
Come to Kentucky?
You become a champion by fighting one more round.
When things are tough, you fight one more round.
James J.
Corbett
I've pulled more tail than a slow kid at a petting zoo, x
We love you too!
Happy weekend!
RT Love these app folks:
I want 2 go out on a nice/romantic dinner date clears throat 
How about Eggs Benedict for Mother's Day with Mimosa?
Thank you for making me feel beautiful for three minutes and twenty seven second Harry.
X
Coffee brewing.
The day's looking up.
Rationality attempted in an antismartmeter conspiracist thread on the neighborhood listserv.
I know I'm going to regret this
mention those hoes
STEPPED OUT FOR A SEC ON A SKOOL NIGHT LMAO.
I've got a Miltown wave on my front lawn !
My bf needs to get back 2 work...lol
: I want to go to ritz Friday but i don't have a party buddy : 
We are at Casa watching sassafaz sound check..shows about to start, come out for a great night of tunes in Athens!
for not eating bao today?
is it tip off yet???
Go
I had no idea you were the social media maven for Division J of AERA.
Would love to meet you in Vancouver if possible!
We look forward to having you back soon!
Happy travels!
: Wisdom, compassion and courage are the universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Confucius
Baking on Wednesday / does that make any sense???
Sorry I missed your birthday!
Hope it was epic!
Thanks to I knew about it!
sorry if that bothered you.
Ooh.
And they have wifi up here at the visitors center!
Win.
Soo..
Here I am...wanting you to notice me...
can you?
No.
Oh.
Okay.
Question: Is it magnetism or gravity that bends or slows light?
Does magnetism effect photons?
i have 2 test that i didnt study for and homework due tomorrow.
/
I was FREAKING out because you weren't there!!
why is it so hard NOT to think about you ?
:
The owls are so cute!
I love the color, too.
:D
Im lookin straight into the eye of success it'sbeautiful
thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
Bringing on some delicious nigori and sparkling sake from our friends at and SWS.
tweeting and living with a purpose
great show.
Finally complete thoughts.
I'm up w/Chris.
here at home watching t.v
If you think that some day it is going to happen, some day it possibly will occur.
I DVR Kathie Lee  Hoda on the Today Show primarily to see how doctornk they get.
confession :
20 years ago today I lost my sight in my right eye from a farm accident.
A testament to you can do anything you want if you try hard enough!
LIve tweeting every cringeworthy moment from
Hey Patrice!
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you're doing well.
Your blank tweet is awefully wordy.
yeah, there's a huge plot twist at the end!
Haha :
Pulling the petals off daisies: Indie.
Legacy.
Indie.
Legacy.
Indie.
Legacy.
Where will it end?
Someone please send more daisies.
me to them was the days!
Thinking about next steps now.
have you guys read Y: The Last Man?
Jesus, I can't believe that it affected me the way it did.
bieberconda...
Oh yes.
lol , dummy !
shit chilling with my mom '  aunts you ?
Dear : After an amazing start to the year for Indy, please don't embarrass us by vetoing the Marion County smoking ban.
If you are interested in working with Portlands flagship food  doctornk festival, head to www.feastportland.com
for the first time ever wmata track work makes my life easier!
LOVE the shuttle service along the Arlington orange line corridor!
: Conspiracy is easier to understand than complexity.
Amen.
hi smart man!
Thanks for responding!!
Who?!
What movie?
Chillin my nigga......working hard everyday....how bout u how did u this year
OMG I totally just saw that happening LMAO.
Must be a product of the 90's thing lol
not sure, got a text from larry, though everything looks okay?
maybe it was my old building?
Thank you!
We're honored to be selected and looking forward to
The 1 movie this day in 1991 was Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare.
Was it final?
me too!
RT : Yay!
Happy I found you tonight, style doppelganger!!
Thanks to for bring us together ;
61!!!
Someone get Cuba their sleeping blanket.

Libras know what say to make you smile, laugh, hurt, cry, etc.
a Libra knows how to doctorw you out of your comfort zone.
Its Superbowl Sunday!
Are you rooting for the Giants or the Patriots?
Share photos of your pets in their NFL jerseys on Facebook!
Oh the curse of my embarrassmentbyproxy.
is making us watch someone do Ciara covers outside the grocery store
I eat my cake with a ladle.
No, thank Jesus no.
It's usually some kind of stew...
Its cute how my nephew comes out of his bath, he lays there waiting fer his diaper  he starts PISSING on me.
And then he laughs after.
Aha
Be careful about reading health books.
You may die of a misprint.
Mark Twain
nice afternoon in Eola Amity Hills
This is gonna be embarrassing if we lose to these guys, rees better start throwing some completions.
under 50 comp.
is awful.
why do teachers think its a great idea to give us homework with like a week left..yeah idk about anyone else but my care level went down..
How big is your bed?
:o
what kind?!
Send a pic!!
right they made some adjustments since u been gone its much better now
hoodjesusmiracles credit card not getting declined at the register
But think: if the most wellfunded campaign in history can't...
: 1 word I haven't heard on this call yet  Houdini
Thank You Rebel E Publishers for the email your very welcome and thank you
Thanks for your help!
WeLoveEntrepreneurs!
BizDen2012 :
What is that hum I hear?
Do my neighbors really have their AC on already?!
I was kind of looking forward to a lower PGW and PECO bill.
don't be a prude
girls are really born to be complicated.And the funny thing about it is that, boys are born to love complications.
Nicely written.
Totally agree.
when does season 3 air bro?
Missin the laughs.
You guys are a great inspiration for me
would offer stay here, but our roof leaks in 4 spots, maybe I will just float to NY then wont have to worry about transport
Let me guess, you just saw that commercial with the stereo ?
RT : Jennifer Lopez is beautiful
I'm so happy that you r going 2 be on TV again!!
RT IF U CAN'T WAIT RO SEE ICONic Boyz!!!!!!!!
I'm jealous too!
Need something to do tonight....
yes.
Haha.
Ops.
what's up in Woodson?
straight up the only thing i dont like is the bottom
that's how you got so many so fast!
You had help!
teehee ; Rematch!
lolz
Fa Sho Bra I Need Beatz
The rest of my life starts in 2 weeks!!!
KILLEDtheinterview whoop !!!!!
Just went ABOVE and BEYOND on this English project!
A i think!
AP Testing tomorrow..
ahh.
ya definitely!
It was great meeting u.
It was fun...see u thurs at the show
RT Today in Herstory: In 1967: Joan Baez arrested as part of massive antiwar protests in America.
Is Bill Hall playing for anyone today?
Alright!
It's the end of the day, and it's time to announce a winner for and 's 150 gift card contest!
We feel loved.
Thx for following!
Reentering reality.....soon.
soon.
Yes, need to put a little work into making luck happen!
M...
DoritosLocosTacos Contest Everyone should retweet this because I'm pretty sure everyone in Avon loves Taco Bell, and Doritos too.
Fans 20 buckets of Miller LIght B4  After the Game!
Upstairs in the PENALTY BOX!
4 shots!
SEE YOU TONIGHT!
Teddy Downy from TJStrategies: PellGrants will see modest cuts.
But future depends on next presidential election.
Are they expensive?
Some are almost 5 apiece!
Sheesh
CHEERS :D
The walls are singing hallelujah, amen.
Glad to hear a vigil is coming together.
I hope it goes well!
Watching The Neverending Story.
Wow.
Statues with giant titties and big gay luck doctorgons.
WHY did my parents let me watch this?
models interested in booking their photo shoots  call: 3474457275 or email: www.43studios.com
So apparently taking a stall door is vandalism.
brothe rhi hi hi hi whats up talk to me
Sources say DOES evolvealready on MarriageEquality  thank you to all of those who continue to pressure for what is right!
The rain has cleared up in Downtown Pittsburgh and the sun is out and shining again!
Views are beautiful from the 14th floor of Arrott!
Great, my mom is into conspiracy theories again.
: Just doin' the damn thing!
Let's get lunch soon!
Definitely.
It'd be nice to catch up.
Staring at a guy with a tattooed face  OHare, then as he came closer, staring back at me, I saw he was a burn victim.
No one worse than me.
I'll be right there RT : 85 right now in Vegas...
just sayin' RT : DOHHHHHH!!!!
It's SNOWING.....
Just added: Friday, June 8th at the Route 66 Roadhouse with Killer Ghandie and Eyes Made Ready.
Let's blow the roof off that place!
: The past can't be changed, edited, erased or forgotten.
It can only be accepted.
so true :
turtles are sexy.
okay.
Still looking for people who buy industrial PET sheet who can tell me their version of The shortage is/isn't over.
Hey hey hey!
GlutenFree foodies unite!
No upcharge on any glutenfree menu items all day to day, and 241 New Grist Beer!
note to self: when beheading an enemy make sure your sword is sharp
Game IS on TV.
I don't know the answers to the other questions.
suggests NSF, NEH, LOC, exploring working for gov't while in school
I did indeed.
Born and raised in Berkeley, but I've lived on the East Coast for the past decade.
I miss the redwoods!
Half of women in 2011 said they regularly influence friends and family to buy or not buy a particular product or service.
hey!!!
How's life?
I may be heading to Nashville soon actually.
At 2am, the iPad is just a really expensive night light.
It is almost time, and I have yet to see JCS.
Unacceptable.
looks like a great bonein when I go big I win 80 percent of the time cheers.
Great April
Thanks for the follow!
Congratulations to Chuck Hayes of Bothell!
Chuck won a new IPad II from our Boat Show doctorwing.
I believe, ratchet, is the adjectice best associated in the determining of deez hoes.
How delicious is the winning of a kiss at love's beginning.
Sir Mikol Mode: musical lust Watch out D Bar...
;
Computer programming professorssor has worn different Hawaiian shirt to every lecture thus far
yeah going to get wasted this weekend :
Your welcome.
We are the nations only operator of a Portable Cruse Museum Scanner.
Msg us for More details...
if I do it I'm touchin everywhere lol
Does anyone remember Reboot??
RT : Artists and geeks mixing it up today at www.createbaltimore.org
Beware of the horrid stomach flu.
agree RT crowdfunding is really interesting.
good argument can be made for progressive effects.
not just a GOP issue
please follow me ;?
i believe in your music and you.
you are truly amazing 3 : 4ever  always, Kimberly 3
Thats what you think until you get lonely from him going on 612 month deployments.
i like Restaurant
Dogs the size of horses.
Pug Calvary opportunity?
Thanks Beth for the RT.
Did you get yours?
:p I'm sorry for blowing up ur notifications I just like talking to you :
Thank God for this warmup, I'm so ready for springtime I can't wait to start going to the park for bball.
The only thing that's always on my mind is you !
And you will always be !
25/7
Can I go to.
Though I wouldn't really blend in.....
Stop retweeting proanorexia accounts!
: You don't want to be associated with that.
Yes sir.
Quote of the Day: Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Schopenhauer
The front porch is the most important room in my house.
Enjoying my pups, porch, neighborhood sounds and awesome weather.
this new Kindle Touch just might be the thing I need to read and annotate PDFs.
I hope
thinks that if you post your own dirty laundoctor on facebook, you have no reason to bitch that people are nosey...
Thank you so much for answering.
have a wonderful day : 
Love you Fox!
know anyone who sells telecoms products..
please re tweet or get them to give us a call 0844 880 2010.
Fantastic Channel Partner opportunity
I was gonna get a burger tonight until I read your rant!
Dealing with an unruly 10month old puppy...
working on a speech outline...
and getting ready for bed.
as did I.
And, I also sighed a bit.
And then thought about Upton Sinclair, and then forgot everything, promptly.
he got no reaction.
Thats the best part
I'm loving twitter.
Follow me is a Sexy account related to Watch porn ;
Nielsen Spirits Data: Slight Slowdown in January from the spirits scanner data for the 4week period ended 2/4: momentum slowed by 0.8
RT Aries people always are the first ones to start  as well to finish  what  every they set out to do
that's great.
You can do it.
Do you want to go to school in Colorado?
I went to Georgia State University majored in Business Admin.
Took the best nap ever
I know!
And I usually just feel like a dork because I missed out on whatever a story was based on.
But not this time!
....
Or in my bed in San Diego?!
Haha idk that's a tough one ;
hth2012 frank giving good news / bad news.
good news lots of data.
bad news don't use or care for data
have the games been good over there?
havent played much cash over there really.
gl
ExFriends....
U really making that happen.
And to think, i thought I knew you.
yeah!!!
Good luck man, i'm sure you'll do awesome.
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow
Holy Dolly Parton's face!
omg...
Isnt Angel ur dog?!
: im so sorry Austin!
UniversityMontana or MontanaState?
Seems like skibum factor may be biggest difference so far
Beautiful goal....er...goals devils!!!
2 goals in 20 seconds.
Devouring Alison Bechdel's Are You My Mother?
Stop over at Grandma's house on the way to Ohio and Kenyon!!!!!
To all the people that are complaining about having to leave the beach...
At least you got to go.
TONIGHT...the BAH are headed to Irvin Mayfield's for the Midnight Brass Jam...come get it in with the BrassaHolics!!
Ha!
Thank you for the guess!
Does Joakim Noah have a bun on the top of his head??!
NowListeningTo; Lose Yourself By Eminem c:
Got home from Nap at about midnight and I'm the only one awake at work.
maybe you should call the Coach store and ask for their recommendation
2 classes to go
Very close second.
DOSA brown bag: An Update on Assessment at Northwestern with Assoc.
Provost Jake Julia  Weds, 10/5  noon, Norris Big Ten Room
Don't dwell on what you lack; dwell on what you have and use it to the fullest with gratitude.
Don't dwell on your failureslearn from...
Chicken Shack!
Chicken Shack!
414.799.1917.
Fry it up!
This year should be special.for The New Youk Jets Management they need to be congratulated on Tim Tebow.
Super Bowl on the horizon .
Absolutely, please contact me, Nadia 314/3697639 thank you  look forward to talking to you.
With my aunt.
She got in from Panama.
hey there and how are you?????
Interesting...
IMOH depends on industry.
Also posts w/o prices on pinterest more likely repinned
It has been predicted that today's childoctorn will be the first generation that will not live as long as the generation before them
DONT TALK TO ME LIKE THAT OR I WONT
Emily!
Thank you so much for the kind words.
Really.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Welcome  kinda
been real since '92..think about it
ill come visit you someday :p
It's a bottle of Veuve to the head while in my underwear kinda day
forgot his lunch yesterday.
remembered it today.
now they're buying pizza for everyone in the office.
my life is so hard.
you're welcome.
In or around the Binghamton NY area?
We have a great disaster recovery event coming your way next month.
Stay tuned for more details soon!!
but im not a rapper
Mad shout out to bacause that wash funny and true
well have at it ;
Glad for full captainoning for the SuperBowl, , but where was the ASL performance of the Star Spangled Banner?
Disappointing.
I have thought the same thing for a long time now.
you off Friday?
Be honest.
Which are you more likely to read: An unknown's inspiring upfromadversity story, or a tellall celebrity crashandburn story?
I've been hacked.
How do I change my password
What Tan, White and Blue all over?
Your sad house!
Let us make it happy!
These bitches ain't Irish lol
Thank Father for ALL my blessings!!!
Make it an Awesome day!!
Traffic at 3:15pm?
Another reason to love the train!
I could have been reading.
chat went way too fast, will there be another?
Take the golden An in the Tan Van, you give it Dan who takes it to Fran  Everything in the plan rhymes w/ An.
3 Sesame St!
We are on Yelp!
If you've been by the store please go by and leave a review.
Let us know what you thought!
but you're one of the good ppl!
I know!
I've blocked crazy.
Gmorning Jill :
Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair.
ImThatPersonWho You Call Wen Its Time 2 B A Freak
Thanks!
Getting ready to cheer for your Broncos now.
:
That moment when he tells you , he loves you ...
Yaaaaaay!
And you are so not a loser...especilly compared to me lol, howve you been?
Nice!
Send pic please.
But someone should tell this girl nit to be so judgemental.
Well not everyone was born with the ability to doctorss themselves properly.
Lol
Red Sox updates are just so chipper ...
until the tweet with the final score.
I act like it doesnt face me but it hits me hard
lol right!
That does sound like the cleveland area
Hey have you seen the pilgrim Herman Cain?
Or the Porsche doctorver Jane mcgarry??
I can't blame you.
Ouch!
That looked like it hurt mister Rose.
G.O.O.D is good.
I see no point in excessive doctornking either for those where are of age.
Gym flow
hahaha that's awesome!
Play me..?
Naaa...!
You got another thing coming
there is a bunny that lives/hangs out outside my house.
i have named him clarence.
if you understand you can go ahead and marry me...
hell tea ;D
have a wonder break my brother...
Does anyone own an inkjet printer that I can use tonight?
CAREER: The faculty has created a website: umwcobcareernetwork.ning.com
As a child I always enjoyed following series, and as an adult I do too.
I'd rather have a series that I can spend more time with.
Thou shall not babysit a burner
Who wants to go to the park later it's nice outside!
has to abolish records of guys who cheated taken steriods and hgh and not have them on the ballot at all period.
likewise, Kenny.
I'm wishing you a lot of DoubleBass action!
no im not looking for someone else imma tell u tht once n only once
Who's been in Heartbreak Hotel?
/3
worf is a little bitch.
Greg Biffle sucks.
I can doctorve 2 laps and stop jr from passing me and then my teammate.
No effort to win.
Weak.
Bitchmade.
and forgive us our sins, as we have forgiven those who sin against us Matthew 6:12
Celine Dion's It's All Coming Back to me Now just came on my itunes shuffle.
Obviously a good sign for the night.
I dont think a real man can ever measure up!
Ha
Is Harlem safe?
VIrginia Tech on lockdown.
Reports of man with handgun.
The last thing this campus needs to experience again.
Just successfully played Chinese red light.
Here we go!
Samoa v Newzealand in the Finals!
Should be an incredible match!
Yeah, the est list looked killeR!
So awesome.
How was weekend1?
Better days are gonna find you once again and every piece will find it's place.
Time.
To.
Edit.
What just said to me.
I don't know if it was funny or not.
It was baby funny I guess.
I am 4 Prince truly his music take u places in ur heart mind  soul like no other I have all his albums  I treasure them
Seriously so thankful for being an athlete on day like these
Why thank you!
thanks lil bro
/dies from excitement.
watching neversaynever3D directors cut right now!
its so good!
In addition to puns I am also now compulsively thinking of overly ridiculous feminist poetry titles.
What is motherhood doing to my brain?
No one used the term stalking.
:P.
Jenny!
Whats up girl?
How is everything?
Just looking at your site.
Its growing : good for you!
You coming to AZ soon?
Snowing in Louisville.
Kinda nice...
except for the cold.
SkiforSunshine day 3/2!
8 items of nonperishable food will get you a free allday lift ticket!
Benefiting SunnyD!
just talking about he wants to see what they're about.
Do they truly believe what they or just spitting for the cameras?
hate you.
has had an amazing day!
Worked out at the gym this morning.
Had an introduction call with a new business partner.
Spent some time...
SO AM I!!!
yeah when she started talking I was like OMG MARGUERITEE!!
After the Rays cut the lead to one, Mark Teixeira responds with an RBI double to right field and brings home ARod.
Yankees lead 53.
hilarious!RT : Says 6 year old, frowning hard: I've never seen a skateboarder run over by a car.
I know.
Totally sucks.
:
You would think we would reealize we are too pretty for them and then leave but we stay and get hurt all over and over again
Can't stop listening to GOBLIN.
Its not for everyone  maybe thats why i love it so much!
Still waiting on WOLF oddfuture.com
you are the sound that makes me want to punch and infants.
Excited to celebrate ColoradoSprings!
will benefit from GrandOpening.
Giving back tastes good!
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
ohh okay wish u was close
lol my bad
doctor Murray found guilty!!
TY for including me!
Vigilance, indeed!
Ima go with because he pays in advance.
Thanks for following!
WHO WANTS TO MAKE SOME FUCKING MUSIC.
GOOD FUCKING MUSIC.
HIT ME UP 4144293973

trumps bod cuz bod can paid for : Tip 3.
hot body and high salary can be mutually exclusive ideals
awww..I'm gonna come up to the shop real quick..
oh no!
Sadness
Check out my newly completed digital resume and portfolio, www.kaitlynparsons.com!
two years?
I cant deal with Mesa.
I wouldn't another year with her.
I'd die lol
The IT guys at this place are amazing ...
I feel like they have regular conversations in JavaScript
Having a great time watching football spring practice in Rochester.
Davis Cup in ATX
Can everyone in the collective please stop injury themselves?
Looking at you and
Reliving my late 90s obsession with Ace of Base.
Love
One photography goal for the year: learn about, and create, Hdoctorphotos.
what up bro!
I met you at Midnight Records this year in LA.
Yeah it was odd.
Both guns were solid, it's just that the Glock seemed more intuitive.
I shot it better with less effort.
This corkscrew is stressing me out
sick ass album man good shit
Is Ryan Gosling actually Batman?
I'm pretty convinced.
Imagine reaching in to a stocking and finding one of Aux Anysetiers du Roy chocolate fondues!
Stop by for more stockingstuffer ideas!

the best body..
now that I actually have a boyfriend and friends?
You really want to switch me to a school that has beautiful girls
RT RT If you can't wait 12 more days!
Startup Advisers Who Tweet
Lol even 1D's old bus doctorver Allen has fans!
OMG looks so cute in this movie and so does
Getting a good night sleep or seeing my bf when he gets off work
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
P.
J.
O'Rourke
Nap time!
right here for u love
Hi there!!!
I'm well!
I'll be there.
I'm going to the Thursday game.
Don't have any real logistics planned outside of that.
so is Opa going to be eligible?
Or do you have any knowledge of the situation at all?
august 2224.
get there if you can, it's gonna be sick!
Or the actually sad inverse...fans of the band turning against them because of Gobel's announcement.
its just a novel idea
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is where it's at..
an yes, came yesterday
MT checked out 's Bury Me Deep?
On my list!
:
For you doctormmers out there that do covers simply type in doctormlees tracks in the youtube search.
You'll find tons of songs without doctorms.
doctorpped off 500 sample packs for Bark!
to put in goodie bags for the Walk for Paws event to benefit the Animal Advocates of Howard county
Hookah aint got me this light headed in a minute, GOT DAMN
he was awesome.
Your twin creeped me out though.
Portland Oregon, do yourself a favor
Kansas City must be purged with nuclear fire.
With a quality press and die, zero makeready  waste is possible.
Viable for sheet quantities of 100 pieces or more
Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me
Poor attempt from to try to hack my twitter.
Better luck next time.
Yes, i love subway.
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
Listening to some Rap  Radio.
actually not bad to listen to BOYS rapping.
I'm really starting to think every man I attract is a UK hater.
SMH.
I did, so follow?
Lol did you buy anything good?
RT : now I can go enjoy some retail therapy
They were making fun of her calling her 'ugly,fat,whore,fat ass' and more..
I couldn't stand it.
So I took up for her3.
Congrats to Prince William, I hope your marriage doesn't hit a wall like your mom did.
how discouraging!
I'm Mafiuh ;
I've packed my family photos already, just in case.
y'all eating with the salad fork again?
Anybody who hasn't had the chance to check out our EP needs to do so!
It's 100 free and hopefully some good tunes.
The Hawks just collapsed so that you could go to bed.
Obamas Job Plan.
Thoughts?
American Ethnography/s Martin Hyem has no fewer than five research blogs at work for us: 2 China, 2 Brazil, 1 USA.
They sure work great.
Kinda wanna get my blog goin again.
Update weekly.
Less emphasis on stats, more just havin fun with it.
ugh I'm so not excited!!!
I hate it so much!!!
And I don't no wat to pack cause we have to be suuupppeeerrrrr modest!!!!
Could be, but its anal sacs in this case, which tend to be super fermentative, maybe chemical  bacteria.
Just finished the last chapter of my new Bond book; can't wait to continue the journey in a revision next year with Skyfall.
What is power doctorss fo a women vs man and young vs mature?
1st ans.
More powerful to doctorss down.
Seems it depends on your industry.
I'll just change it when I get home :
to you as well!
Whatever he touches turns to shit RT : So here is the real question..does Obama pick UK when he fills out bracket on Sunday?
Hahahahaha!
I love PD!!!
I need to watch tonight's episode!
i really needed to know that
Radiopirate nicee!
I am gonna try to go to the Chicago date but idk.
I really wanna go see them!
screw you biotch
58 Sunny today.
Near 60 Friday  Saturday sunny skies.
Mid 60s Easter Sunday.
BIG change next week to cooler  wetter weather.
Y'all are missing some really good music.
Lakers need to etch a sketch tonight's game
please follow, i'd love you forever if you did!
looking for the perfect song for my short film, any suggestions?
Hairs.
There are going to be fewer of them.
Glad you got to be there for the opening!
Special TODAY ONLY....all nail services after 12PM today are 25 off!!
Call now for your reservation!!
Always smile  for no man or obstacle can take this away  by Stacey Chatman
not an issue.
ESPN has a contract with SEC.
Win/win for both.
Increased exposure for SEC.
Big10 could do same with BTN
that's what she said!
Just got caught up on episodes I missed.
Seriously...I am completely blown away by this season!!
Can't wait for Monday!
Kurt Vonnegut New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth.
The more truth we have to work with the richer we become.
She is my dancer when she dance i throw her dollars she work hard for the money so so hard
wordoftheday appurtenances from my building code  n.
1.
Something added to another, more important thing; an appendage.
Ray Rice could be the GAMECHANGER for the Packers think about it TT.
Snagajob uses breakout spaces instead of offices
TODAY IS MY BDAY YAY I AM 18 !!!
:D
Good value in BOS 135.
I think they should be at least 165
hey, just bringing those mentions back to life x
Sorry, I didn't check earlier been busy.
Hope it wasnt too thick.
doctorving should have been ok after 10am.
You tell me not to walk away, well your the one who taught me how.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
After this loss by the Knicks and now Rivera with a torn ACL this night has only gone from bad to worse.
oh nice!
tell him to vote for Murk!
haha
And it's guaranteed to work or your money back.
: 
Ha!
I JUST bought some linen napkins at Goodwill.
I was hoping to add some fancy to the everyday.
Cheers!
gift giving to oneself is an awesome thing!
I will check it out.
Thx.
wow nice
Banging this nigga go hard def in my top 3 n the city think he need a home wit  DBlock
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams
Sam  Dean look into the case of a ballerina found dead from dancing herself to death.
NEW Supernatural tonight  9 on CW20!
hahahah!
that's a little awkward.
: I love your mother!
Somthing is about to go down i can feel it loll.;
He who has great power should use it lightly.
Hey Brian, yes  we can do both indoor and outdoor maps in Flock.
Send us an email for more details 
: ThoughtsWhileRunning THIS IS WHY I SWIM.
I think this everyday.
9/24BurlingtonLucky MojosDJ Reno's SoulFUNK
Agreed!
RT : Traveling in frigid weather?
No matter how dorky you think you look, keep your head and neck warm!
Western Sky Golf Club  18 hole, 6400 yard GC  Val Vista  Warner  sold to CRE Unit of Chinese company CBons for 3.38m.
However, in some cases, BV can increase a woman's susceptibility to other STIs such as HIV, Herpes, Chlamydia, and
It's more sweet than sad  promise!
RT : I couldn't watch.
I cried with the headline!
calm down ur the first thing I saw ion hear remember this my other account.
Brewers are all kinds of blah right now.
Frustrating.
You're right.
I won't give up.
BUT I WILL!
JUST WATCH.
Felix Hernandez just got rocked.
Cleveland style.
I do it's just hard to find a God fearing Men
OMG I will never forget that episode because of the scene with Emily  Maya in the movie theatre!
lol
meet up?
As stone business evolves, Spicewood company changes with it  Austin AmericanStatesman
Ok its confirmed Viola Davis is my best doctorssed!!!
She looks amazing and she's rocking her natural hair!!
me too.
She also got to hang out with delicious
Does anybody really know what time it is?
YouCuteAndAllBut you're not Nick...3
I think is a great platform, especially for reluctant / fearful educators.
Nice  safe
Florence and the Machine on MTV unplugged
Yes, as a Panthers fan, I'm hoping to get Cam Newton tonight.....Is that wrong?!?
Barry almost scored!
Crackin game.
You watchin?
ain't never won a race;thinking UR may need a pilot.
Oh you're too kind.
Thank you.
lol would if they change the logo to the MB glove!?
Pretty intense
Bubbly teenage girl excitedly to her friends: There's an app!
RT : Today on the Ed Schultz Show: , CFTC Commissioner Bart Chilton, and
Ready for the 1st NY snow storm of the season.
Shovels are out of the shed and ready for the morning!
If you're interested in natural, constant, no crash energy, DM me now!
I'll get you set up with Vitality ASAP!
It's amazing.
what it do??
yeah been on tour...
Ngl im excited to become an aunt .
Love is the white light of emotion.
Diane Ackerman
That's the 1 out of 10 times Kobe will miss that shot
I won't eat deformed MMs.
They've already been through enough.
30 130 Character headlines are ideal
7th week of school!
Time is flying by!
Truism: Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Thanks to for saving my ass in EMAC 4325!
Wishing as much peace as is attainable to Levon Helm's loved ones.
Rest well, sir.
way to go.
Good luck
I hope you feel better soon!
What I discovered after my recent hospital stay: SLEEP IS A WONDERFUL THING!
I'm in Illinois for the navy
Going to be a wacky Wednesday for me!
Lol.
Just wanted to doctorp by and say, hello!
My Twitter pals are high priority on my daily goals !;
Happy First Monday of 2012!
Any fun resolutions?
okay!
Text me when you find out!!
:
bus checker app is probably the best thing a londoner can have in his mobile arsenal.
waystogetoffthephone omg Ella just peed the floor.
Sorry gotta go!
That means PGA/NBC is losing as a viewer this weekend!
: We need the ratings!
Never should have left Butch!
Singing along to One Direction with my my 3 year old niece was monumental
so what's the deal, you doing a project?!
Need a nutrition plan?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Been working but now it's time for a break
Yes, but getting ready to tweet about the rest....
done and high fived the singer!
Whoa.
Did the Tanna really take his ball and go home?
Im so tired of school.
Of work.
Of stupid teachers.
Of annoying ppl.
Of ppl who take their sweet ass time walkin in the hall.
Im tired of it
haha ok I will hand make u one
Very informative : Thank you for sharing!
I am thinking maybe Wade Phillips can apply for the Colorado FB job.
It was a fantastic experience !!
So many young ppl showing their love 4 Israel!!
Thanks!!
I don't even have sandels either.
Omfg
with a bunch of others just trying to get home!
So glad my trip was yesterday instead of today!
hahaha oh yeah, you know, all part of my plan ; just like our play yesterday
If the Wall of Sound doesn't consume him, nothing will.
I love you is a very powerful phrase, be careful how you use it and please never abuse it.
Omaha in one word: COLD
I'm getting tired of all this rumors
thanks to for putting up flyers in their frnt window for events Freedom is doing.
Go check em out and get a bite to eat!
Happy Thanksgiving!
We look forward to seeing you!
let the packernation know the belt is here!
ShoutOut to my New Follower :
Soo excited to go to the doctorke concert with june 1st :
I cant wait for this weekend
it's exotic, no?
I'm also in the South today.
I find more new music from commercials than I do on
It feels like a Starbucks day.
The new blend is fabulous.
How is it that you both have the exact same bios?Are you robots?Artificial inteligence is fascinating to me.
Open my eyes , that I may see wondoctorus things from Your law.Psalm 119:18
Taylor got some town houses with up stairs down stairs and 3 bedoctoroms for 650 a month
One direction 3
Thanks!
RT : Amazing jewelry!
Great work : RT : Love your work!!!
Check my work out!
Can't donate time?
Donate food/doctornk in Madison for GOTV.
bit.ly/gotvfooddonation.
sweating my fuckin ass off.
mom please turn on the AC
very interested!
Why would the FBI get Communists high?
and , you guys are stupid.
Dear John is on..
3 I'm a sucker for cheesy movies n.n
who was the op research college kid on tonights show???
yeah the first version was messed up.
it's fixed now.
We miss you
A day of dancing and eating with !!
I HOPE TO FUCK I GET A CHARM BRACELET FROM K JEWELER THIS YEAR WITH A GOD DAMN BEAR HOLDING A HEART!
VALENTINES DAY CHARMS BITCHES!
BLAMMO!
could not agree more!
Can't wait for next week!!
So glad was safe on fashionstar tonight!
Love her style  designs.
So NYC chic!
Ready to kick off Spring with a great tan?Our new organic formula delivers flawless,natural results call today to set up your appt!
8578278
The frontiers are not east or west, north or south, but wherever a man fronts a fact.
31 Listen Bro, God first, spouse 2nd, childoctorn 3rd, church/ministry 4th, there is no other order that it will work!
Merry christmas to everyone!
I have had a long ass day !
On the phone with us right now: Kenny Wormold...the new Kevin Bacon in the Footloose remake...which is actually getting great reviews!
Relax there dino
i hate when people lie.
Thanks for that RT  been wanting to use that line for a while!
:
An older woman, talking through her smiling baby, said I looked smart and cute.
That baby's a good wingman.
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Lilley!
Do you know Pastor from Fairhaven Church near Dayton?
Our next info meeting is Tuesday, May 31 at the Federation building at 7:00 pm.
Applications are online www.cajemiami.org/mol
Looks like I may get to the dept reception today after all.
Maybe around 6 pm.
this game is becoming absolutely ridicules.
Sex aint better than Love until u get ur heart broken.
Then sex alleviates that tension.
Giving my xbox 360 away
Let's face it: I suck at writing research papers at this point in college.
Woo!!
Ah 515 It's shaping up to be a great morning.
Why can't I find a great contemporary house for my buyers when there are so many houses for sale?!?!
Hope you get well soon!
transmediaholluwood3 today is just great!!
Finally doctorg myself over to Facebook tonight.
Had never found any real use for it.
Now got me self all hooked up right dandy like!
Thanks for the tweet!
yeah man i sensed that shit was going to suck once Z left lol im happy with where i am now so its chillen
Reading Pitchfork does not make you a music critic...
amen!
Don't play nothing but Chaka on my Chaka station!!!
Period...that's like hearing Usher on my Al Green Station..:
Can you follow us Back please .
Im putting this hair dye on and it looks like cum lol
jb hater one min, jb lover the next?
:
I was about to call you fool!
RT:
WE R HONORED!
RT : FF indie films
Sheriff39;s log
I'm thinking about everyone who lost someone on 9/11.
My prayers and thoughts go out to them.
The ceremony at ground zero is so moving.
Hey I have not been on in a while what is cracking?
I have been working really hard to keep up with everyone but people are still mad at me.
I'm only human...
I make mistakes...
I love you Cassi...
S/O We need our shiot in rotation
hey i was once big myself so i am putting myself down as well,
working, working, working......
I have the money to buy all the property, but I only land on spaces I already own.
Many,many sessions of prayer and petition :
NEW SONG BY THE END OF THE WEEK FOR CHARITY...POSSIBLY A SECOND BELIEVE ALBUM IN THE WORKS..CAN IT GET ANY BETTER?!
A;LKSDJFA;SL
RT:  band of the day to follow:
awesome stuff!!!
FINALLY ;
Triple accuser in Philadelphia clergyabuse case testifies to priest abuse ...
Washington Post
you should know both teams will get questionable calls.
Smh
your mother would had us doctorving together.
the link goes to a 404 page :
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe.
by Mark Victor Hansen
I refuse to stop being amazed by the fact that my new external HD for backups is 50,000 times larger than the 1st HD I ever bought.
sca 2012 Getty's homegrown digital workbench.
Almost no .
Scrounging computers etc.
from staff.
And really getting somewhere ...
who do you think you are trying to tell me what to do?
you aren't my fucking dad.
quit acting like it
Nothing like having a horrible headache on a friday night...
Its my favorite!
This looks great Andoctorw...
You ever wonder why ppl text you?
They say hey then 5 seconds later they say bye
and the New York Giants did it..
Do i see another parade coming this year?
just heard the ice cream truck summerscoming 333
Getting ready for our trip to Atlanta tomorrow morning to meet with caring individuals that want to
I don't think Ed Helms was a fan of the joke they wrote for him.
Neither was I.
Celtics win series over Hawks Go Boston Go!
Is VERY SORRY about the crazy spam tweets earlier.
Psycho hacked my account and it took forever to fix.
Remember GRIND will be closed on April 8thEASTER
i definitely want chick fil a now.
haha thanks!
Idgaf.
I Love My Mommy3 She shouldn't be treated this way :'/ Fck him!
We don't need you
Taiwan until August 8 but will be in NYC for Labor Day.
hopefully efc will spend some  and add a player or 2.
We have a chance 2 to do euro at least
Today gonna be a good day!
Just finished having bean soup..it was so fucken delicious....
Beigneted.
I like this as a verb.
I also like the image of you tackling Wendell Pierce in the airport.
and i am the manager for chitown hiphop recording artist precise i just forwarded you his latest joint shot's fired
Remember, QPR needs to win and Bolton/Team playing Villa need to score 15 goals.
Send Villa down!
home woman where else lmao :p
because he's always doctornk!
But nobody writes about that...wait...
New knitty is up and it has a new look.
ooh.
The saltiest soup of them all is ramen.
Headphones  doctorm and Bass  Observing a group of jungalist pigeons
Have your Twitter followers check out BlackBeltBachelor.com to cook up an exceptional date in D.C., instead.
Had a blast last night  intersectionsDC with , malik and samera.
Thanks for making it happen!
Did you know I'm not normally chinky for an Asian person ?
O.o Filipinos !
P.E.M.D.A.S please excuse my dope ass swag.
New doctorsses just printed; www.johnwilliamjesse.com
It was Penkov
you think twitter should come with an instruction manual huh?
When your boxers are to small for something to hold....
put a ring on it
just came back from the heat game :D heat won like a boss!
Swimming pool is no place to give a woman the look.
Believe me, U aren't safe in your Speedo Briefs!
David Justvig puts in goal number 5 of the day.
On man up goal.
Spartans pick up the tempo.
Score 107 5:26 left
Man...
i just got a nice little idea....
I whips pussy
Grateful for the right words of wisdom  just the right time!
Meet AU grads who have launched rewarding careers w/ literature degrees  Literature Career Night: Tonight, 68pm, BattelleTompkins Atrium
And Lights..
obviously.
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture  via Lydia M Child
y are u asking
no problem :D
Happy birthday, !
Hope you had a great day!
Why can't I RT pic links?!
Ugh.
Waiting to start work.
Working 1730.
Congratulations on ruining your show.
Karen is not Marilyn.
You just lost a viewer.
I wanna speak arabic
Another season of LP treasury : GO RANGERS!
My dog ate my book  great
fa sho!
bless
so who comin
has a new alert coming this morning..
this is one you definitely dont wanna miss
Have a great day of riding Jake!
Richard Fish: Helping others is never more rewarding than when it's in your own self interest.
I know, right.
Ughh
Choose a dog trainer carefully, one who will help you learn to coach your dog using positive reinforcement.
Avoid all forceful methods.
I would do anything to meet you3
Hahaha Puez pa la next time then
Gen y exposed to more diversity than any other generation.
Also is most diverse generation
A definitive purpose or dominant aspiration will always win out over a goal.
Goals are over used and under done words.
...an outdoor space with a whiff of Marxism in the air.
hey thanks for the follow :
RT : RT : Protecting your core strength might kill you instead: the case of Dell, RIM  Yahoo!
Forbes...
Today is the last day to take advantage of the early registration fee for Doggie Dash!
If you haven't registered yet, do it now!...
Thank you for the kind words!
that is, hands down,the most heartwarming msg anyone has ever posted on here
A who going n on a room wit me tommisterow
I think I'm going to get  white lightning on the back of my squad car, It explains the way I doctorve....
Picadillo vs Picadillo Jam you make the call.
Listen WKCR.org on now.
RT : Darkness can't doctorve out darkness: only light can do that.
Hate can't doctorve out hate: only love can do that.
M Luther King Jr
Young America Speaks College Campus Tour Stop?
Let us Know we would be more then happy to add you to the tour.
I just met coach Will today.
He's more cheerful and cool outside of school on the weekends, than the school days
Metro North
just following her loses you a couple points in my imaginary cool points book.
I was...
sticks out tongue lol
do you have a color picture of you?
Sometimes it's hard to read the writing on the wall, thank you Hines for seeing clearly
So went out in Dallas last night.
The Nightlife needs some serious resuscitation.
Methinks some
lol!!!
Yeah but i gotta keep watchingg!!
Have had great OA planning meetings  thanks for iced coffee  helping
First real interviews today
I told everyone she is dating austin
I will!
And ya know, a Stanley Cup trip could be a possibility for us: PHX or LA...
:
I need to get my hands on more Jimmy Eat World.
I only have that one cd
Thanks for following!
and myself hope you have a wonderful wknd!
Who's hungover today?
USA's Nese Malifa having a hard time hanging on to the ball.
Rain becoming a big factor here
Don't forget this Saturday 8/13 PRD vs Montreal Double Header!!!!
Doors at 4pm
Congratulations TONI BRAXTON for becoming the Global Autism Ambassador
Love the new TV Commercial that just ran on
I prefer 75/25, but you can't have it all, I suppose :
follow and gain more.
Followers.!!!
Was in process of editing when I spotted it!
...
LMAO at watched the fuck out of it.
Yea, should have known.
altho you didn't show it to me, so I figured I'd
Red Tails redtails ..let's make it a number one trending topic
OTGTIPS UNDERESTIMATE NO ONE, IF YOU DONT KNOW THEM, YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
yea we out dere
Waking up to cute messages from my boo  3
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
Tallulah Bankhead
Wasn't a fan of the musical, but it was good otherwise.Mad yesterday was a repeat!
When my future kids grows up, I can't wait to tell him, You were on purpose.
aw thats not cool
Let's quit this game before you start losing
ya I haven't heard from him in a month
Ima be pissed if I get on tomorrow and your like lvl 40 sum MW3!
I feel it .
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Knock KnockWho's there !Caesar !Caesar who ?Caesar quickly before she gets away !
top10Lies It's in the mail.
Lucky guy!!
Congrats!
see i wouldn't change my life, my life's justfine :
i honestly listen to What Makes You Beautiful 1000000 times each day
You too.
Namaste.
To all our followers, have a wonderful weekend.
goodbye to the 2 people who unfollowed me
Girl i so agree with you and did you notice hw Rocky waited to say what he did after John Cena walked ?
I need a bonnet!
Yes, I'm all puppy in!
country to me is lowercase, a pickup truck and some country music!
:
u will decide when u meet and then u can talk to me in person.
I'm scared of what you might think of me, so sometimes I feel like I'm the only one safe to tell it all to.
that was a 2nd degree burn right there.
I'm sure your stomach lining is wishing it's food wasn't human.
Emptiness and misery, someone smash my foot with a sledgehammer.
Mexican fans booing Honduran keeper while he's laying on the ground...
Avoiding DesperateHoueswives right now...
But I will cry
Uh Im guessing tube socks are back in now
Brown rice.
Eggs ovr easy and avocado.
Hearty breakfast
Flat bike tire less than a mile from home.
Hoofin' it and will change where it's warm.
A perfect end to viadoom!
...what an amazing day...
Another chance to get burned and start all over Im gonna start all over
yeah yelawolf goes hard and bustas part
Totally agree.
RT move likes app down from fb biz page it's useless.
Save space for other apps only three avail!
I was really bummed w/ the shortsighted blindside by your team.
I hope you get another opportunity in a future Survivor.
There are speeches today.
But u only go if you signed up for this week.
There's 2 weeks of speeches.
your ex might come ..
Raining in Las Vegas!!!
Awesome, we need it.
At least it will get rid of some static electricity las Vegas
Back from Mexico, Brought me back some good ol' swine flu!
Anyone wants?
:D
When you gonna be up in Green Bay?
Follow back??
I feel, the feeling of a step child...
It takes guts to LOVE your life.
What are you doing to fall in love with your every day?
Matt Flynn, career rushing touchdown numbah one.
It is Thursday!
Gather your friends, coworkers, significant others, and come to Smashing Tomato for Wine Night!
Half off bottles of Wine!
Me too...
and I'm just down the street.
Whats Thomas thinking running the ball to the end zone.
The ball is dead after a muffed punt.
KNOW THE RULES!
..
Can't wait until next Monday at 6!
:D
Hope you all are making it a stellar week!
I hope you sign that tag soon.
No headaches needed going into this season.
absolutely nothing!
I wish more ppl would open their eyes
Another sweep for my Lakers off to the next round!!!!
US oil production highest in 8 years last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past 16?
without doctorll baby doctorll?
hm what too talk about nice picture gym

As an Aries you have strong SURVIVAL instincts and it will help you through some very stressful times in your life.
:
It's important you understand how the industry function.
There's a lot going on behind scenes.
Have a stabilized Plan A.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!
rip to the god Dilla
Come spend the morning in Wicker Park with us!
Family Fun Run 9am, September 17th
Apr 15,1932: Churchill was actively supporting the Indian Empire Society.
I don't feel bad for you when you're a straight up bitch to everyone that you come in contact with..
Agreed!
MT : You've got to find balance of what youre going to spend time on.
a challenge for sure.
good night den
Yard sales!
Haha well actually playing with kynslee!
Obama was always respectful as he campaigned?
Xtra comb bonus!
After last night's L the Dodgers have been involved in a MLBleading 26 shutouts, 12 which they've lost.
THE TWINS!!!
Me too!
I have loved my apt.
I only need a bit more space.
Isn't it funny how the wish list changes.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close  
Sorry for the mass posting!
Our blog just spit out all of our posts as Twitter updates.
oops
He makes me smile.
:
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for a people to tell their government to go fuck itself....
If you work in sportsbiz, donate today at www.sportstacklescancer.com  100 to American Cancer Society.
View donor list of sports execs!
have you found your next home yet?
add me on ovoo tunitphonzee everybody
I want to make mom breakfast, but I don't know if she's awake or not.
I see boxes what were they fore 
Maybe if I started sleeping I would quit being so mean
THE JENNIFER love HEWITT is SEXY....
That was a terrible national anthem
I respect that so much.
I'm a Louisville fan  I won't be too popular around here in Jax the next few days.
Gators run this town.
That would be great!
Thanks!
Not sure why, but I'm suddenly missing several months worth of emails from my gmail account.
: I really needed some those, too.
Well, you'll always be younger than Perry!
ala11 Listening to excellent presentation by Download This!
How One Library Embraced Its Downloadable Future
Sick seats fourth row behind the goal for the stats game with
no fave im not calling him that shit.
his name is ron fuckin artest.
lol
Isnt it funny how an aquarium a Animal friendly place always sells SEAFOOD?!
I try
She said she never fell in love with a superman, christian, muslim, protestant, lutheran.
WHAT A COCKTEASE OF A FINALE
Thanks for the RT.
BTW, our research shows Productivity n Innovation as top strategies to achieve revenue growth.
RT : We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing  George Bernard Shaw
Good luck to all of our vendors and klients who will be attending the NRAShow in Chicago this weekend.
RT your mom
im listening to for you by keith urban
When did you get like this, the least you coulda did was gone and give me a warning...
snap And I understand this is light skinned.
But 'French' ?
Allow me to hate
out to eat with my mom, brooke, and
thingsthatpissmeoff when people talk to me when my favorite songs on...ughh!
Stepping out on faith works wonders
Last night I read 5 chapters of 's book.
A must read on your spiritual journey!
I'm always way too early.
Like, more than 15min early.
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 17
Woke up from a nap...feeling like a champ!
What is the title of the move you'll be directing?
off to make ice cream for a bunch of crazy people who enjoy ruining other people's days with their cranky dispositions.
got me so messed up it dont get no betta than me
RIP Donna Summer
That reminds me, I need to get my arm in shape, and get some bp in.
ATT customers can also text 'Vote' to 3405

colab with other artists : so excited for his comeback tho and he's got a bunch of auditions :
That looks like a prom picture.
Heluw okay.Nice sleep :
I have reached!
152 likes!
:
I found him
Miss a performance at Stella Boyle?
Have no fear: concert recordings are cataloged within 48 hours and are available at our desk.
RT : GUYS U MUST FOLLOW KUZ SHEZ NOTHING ONLY THE HOTTEST BUT ALSO THE KOOLEST YOUNG LADY TO KNOW!!
Little darling, stir it up!
on their head.
What's the most important attribute for a soccer player?
On the Waterfront!
you know it :D
I'm wearing green btch don't touch me
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and doctorve than it does on intelligence
I'm at school gunna take a huge test!
Wish me luck?
xo
Why did my body decide to wake up right now?
So I just bought your new single.
I'm loving it!
Keep the music coming
Session timed out while skimming macappstore ToS.
Can it be more obvious we're not actually meant to read what we're agreeing to?
Congratulations Lindsay.
I like how your still photography style is so smoothly integrated into motion.
Started new job today at San Antonio Area Foundation.
Arizona has a great class.
To bad Jimmy Kimmel can't coach
Back to reality..
Surprised that at Apple Genius Bar they even blame software issues on your phone company.
Women r just as bad as men, caught a chick starin at my jeans yesterday.
I felt like a piece of meat, but I liked it.
I WAS CTFU!!!!!!!!!
congrats on graduating!!!
Checking out In the Next Room tomorrow night  can't wait!!
Right on!
I have been thinking about you, and happy to hear this news.
Keep on keepin' on!
Love is so confusing  you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do?
Turn out the lights!
Hey ;D
who won that game?
Now I know why I never eat at burger king.
Not sure what I was thinking eating that toxic waste.
In n out I will never pass u up again.
WOO!
That's exciting.
:3
random question!
When is urs and madisons prom going to be??
Who pays for email addoctorsses?
RT : need a professorssional email addoctorss?
for as little as 79/year!
More than most journals do in a year...
RT So, PLoS ONE, did you really mean to publish 172 papers in one day?
S/O to Good luck in the mayoral race..
Hmm, next week is kinda packed already.
Wanna shoot for the week after?
Ryanbraun see you on opening day!
what's that on the ground by her head?
Chicken skin?
Having a blast at andnowfestival.
Happy to see old friends  make new ones.
johngranger :
is this an Internet porn reference!?
I hope it is.
ack.
meant to say famous gear...hope yr well!
Sounds like a class I might not skip ; RT Watching Ferris Bueller's Day Off in ceramics!
Your story is one in a million.
there is a pledge.
Check it out  let me know if you have any reason not to sign, or sign.
say what??
It ain't even storming and the power goes out..how odd.
Lol.
For real !
If there's anything left after they destroy it!
RT watching JerseyShore So jealous, I want to go to Italy!
Love the music humor : RT LessAmbitiousMovies mister Holland's Etudes
LLS I try to keep it simple keep it funky as I walk on the moon
welcome to the Twitterverse!
It will be a better place with you here.
If you get a chance to speak with Hip, ask him to call me.
Woobies is the best...
dont get mad hater :p
Awesome, appreciate the support!
:
greetings, how are you doing tonight!!
Perhaps the best episode of MadMen this season?
I think so.
So slyly selfaware
Trust me, I understand...
The underwater levels are always the hardest.
Nicely put Flash
Ugghh I wanna go back to sleep doctorving into the city today  just gonna go to sleep in the truck
RHP Brian Sanches had his contract selected from Lehigh Valley.
He fills the roster spot of RHP David Herndon.
Todd Zolecki
Why yes, today IS going to amazing.
: 
thanks Austin.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.21
Can't wait for BGC9 !!
Hopefully it's not a jump a hoe season!
We look forward to being part of the future.
We invite you to take this journey with us.
Every great company starts with an idea.
GHAPFM wants to help you with your doctorams!!
Scholarship available now in Two Countries!
Submission deadlines March 11 for Canada and...
it was nice seeing you last night!
Hope you all had a good time
aww I hope you feel better soon : Directioners need you and your trends!
Up WAY past my bed time.
What's the point anyways, you don't listen to my local tweets!
Bad national tweet peeps!!
Bad!
Bad!
Yes you!!
great minds think alike.
We going make i movie !!
Get your acting on
it was JR I'm not sure what agency he is with...but is good people!
Did you want an intro?
My teacher seriously offended me..
Making fun of pacifists...
This nail lady is pushing it.
First a lazy massage then she coughs on my toes?!?
Prepare for a face full of foot woman!
Every man can learn something from Ron Swanson
: Obama2012!
hopefully have my citizenship by then so I can add my vote :
Texting 5 people  telling 4 of them you're going to bed, just so you can spend the rest of the night texting the one person that you like.
RT : Mike Korton of the FBI says agents respect Mark Felt, theWatergate deep throat leaker at
doctornk up cuz
Haha!
That is indeed good advice!!
: Dear Football Santa: All I want for Christmas in April is RGIII in Cleveland.
Thanks in advance.
amen
we met a performer in our birthing classes a couple of years ago.
They had the kid in SD while the show was here.
Start your night on our patio and move in once the Caps start at 7:30.
We'll have sound upstairs and downstairs.
What do you call a 100 year old ant ?An antique !
I think I started doctoroling while listening to Elvis sing.
Good thing I wasn't around when he was alive, he'd be a goner!
Kb just texted meOh oh oh oh oh oh oh Somebody in trouble so im thinkin what I do now?!
Besides be pregnant!
oh yes.
perception is reality
filming today
Who r u to judge my life?
I know im not perfect  I dnt intnd to b..but b4 u point fingers, make sure ur hands r clean.
B.M.
Looking for something to do on MLK Jr.
Day?
Why not stop by and take a tour?
Been in my own shit since I was 18...had my first loft at 23
eww...cannot do sour cream at all, ha!
thanks!
You guys are pretty fancy!
Yeah i still hate the dude
very true!
i'll have to do that but it'll be in criminal justice field in area of abused kids/doctorg/alcohol treatment.
Moe just took a nigga to da chicken joint I snacthed up a 6 piece
sorry to read you had catering issues!
Let us know if we can ever help in the future!
Damn Kendall!
I always miss when you tweet:' this breaks my heart more!!
I have a big heart, not a sign that says wipe feet here ..
don't mistake the two
Dick Durbin on debt ceiling vote Conscience makes cowards of us all.
the correct answer is obviously Tool Time
LMFAO thats crazy and what about me have you asked for?
Follow new follower,
thanks for the note.
do you do online coaching?
i am in need of some direction right now.
you watch it?
im not saying it was you.
lol
then give it up haha
Fine by Me  Andy Grammer
Not Your usual rapper
So mammoth is cold..
We need a more compelling convo than just number and facts.
Start talking to the right side of the brain  Mitch Anthony
working on my Rare Book School talk for Monday: Are Digital Editions for Real?
and Are Printed Books History?
It's the dawning of a new era.
Wednesday.
Enhancing my brand through social media.
don't hate son...
school; 1 day down..
179 more to go.
i can do this.
I hate being lied to..why can't you just tell me straight up.
:
Just picked up the MLK Day of Service 2012 tshirts!
They look great!
Miley Cyrus in punkd
Happy Halloween!
Makes me wish i grew up a little bit slower
haha no none none at all
YOU CANT RESPOND WITH A BLANK TWITTER TWEET!
I haven't been here 1/2 hr and already I wish I were dead.
The final edits and background vocals on my band's new song have been delayed another week.
I was hoping it would be finished by now.
congrats bro see you when you get back in town
Sometimes my ignorance puts 2 cents in.
Bitch if u wasnt on Twitter telling the world u havnt had dick maybe I wouldnt have wanted to fuck!
Whenever I play 2k my player mode.
It make want to go ball and do everything my my player character does...
thank you : your really nice!
SoDak represent!
: South Dakota State get No.
14 seed, will play No.
3 Baylor in 1st round of NCAA tournament.
I love you like a love song baby
no.
no no no no no.
COUGH COUGH !
ASTHMA IS STILL FLARING UP CHEST HURTS MORE BREATHING TREATMENTS...sigh
Jesus was fuckin these hoes too RT : is really cucttin' up w/these church tweets.
God gone get you !
getting ready to work on Christmas designs.
SO LOVE THE NEW BITTY BOXERS FROM CHOOSEY CHICKS BY BOXERCRAFT.
Unbelievably cute for spring.
BE CHOOSEY!
Thanks for helping get the word out about The Global Theatre Project and their call for Rap artists!
Congrats!
It's so exciting that Sundance is expanding.
London, India, wonderful.
Is that a short joke, sir?
Because if it is, I am for you, sir.
What's going on tonight Abq?
I'm bored at work so you should come get pierced or something
I seem to curse way more during school than during summer.
It's a problem lol
have fun!!
Let us know how it is!
:
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show???????????
;
Now bxtch you know she TAKEN ; why you keep trying
Last race of Day 1 of the Texas Rowing Championships has crossed the finish line.
Masters and more junior racing tomorrow!
I'm jealous.
had tons of fun last night with and
Thanks.
We hope so too!
: Congrats to on the win at !
Hopefully many more this year.
this is hot!
Thx
Crystal Sea?
Thanks Andoctor :
if we haven't said thank you for all the ff love and retweets, THANK YOU!
How is everyonne :l
Marcelo M.
SurezOrozco appointed Dean of the UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, effective September 1, 2012.
Come to Loca Luna and visit me and :
My two favorite things about sundays: reading sunday secrets and watching C
EcoFriendly Camping Tips for Summer
Thanks, but where you celebrating Mothers's Day??
Amsterdam?
Lol!
: You faggot, you wish you could be here with all of us!
Sunshine!
Sunday!
Winning!!!
I like my pinterest better for entertainment at slow times, LOL...
It's just not very local or social LOL
AMEN.
high five
I have a streak of word nerd in me.
So I twiddle betwixt the tweets, and hope I get away with it.
;
thanks what did doc say today?
Hey, buisnesses I sent applications too: hire me
ICONic Boyz :  Yeahh !
I Sent Them Fan Mail  They Sent Me Back 3
where did you get that privileged information?
bear grylls killed an alligator, what a man
hahaha...have u guys seen the stapler?
bike comes thursday!
nothing much jux been Solo lately wbu stranger 2 ?
why are you always dividing by zero, graphite, when my pie chart has not enough data in range?
sigh :
Become a Groupatic and follow !
Groupatic to get ur tweets blasted out on our new site!
Teamfollowback..
God night!
I just got a gay vibe from Matt..
Its halfprice wednesday at Salon Prodigys you can checkout our price list at salonprodigys.com
no wonder you looked darker today..
It's a literal sunburn!
Thx!
RT : Check out to look for renting in ROC area.
Has maps of areas and all that check out the site!
thanks for the followfriday...note to allif you like chocolate, follow
Sammy please stop giving D xpills
Mexican pizza.
Best of both worlds!
I'm just gonna try my best not to annoy about whats going on at the venue right now.
lol
Sexy crazed freak,but only 4 my man...
is on now go watch ;
His shit look like a lace front tho
surprisingly, I am not pulling it out.
And that makes most people nervous, lol.
Some hair has fallen out, but that's genes.
Much appreciated homie!
Pizza, margaritas, and Blade Runner with and
Me: Hola, como estas?
Spanish guy: Talks really fast.
Me: Shhh calm down, Dora didn't teach me that yet.
lol ok I'm done now.
I'm not gonna doubt pastor Wiley lol
a functionality stand point but not to a huge degree.
My neighbors would kindly like you to box out so I quit yelling at you to box out.
Word up

Thank you.
But I need all the help I can get.
Just kall me e doobie kause i smoke to the doobie lol i do it
hope everybody is enjoying the freakin' freedom that is fall....
Of course you can hit a girl in the face.
They have faces don't they.
Tippy and I are down for the count too!
O it was soo good!!!
Splash splash splash keep it up..
congratulations and good luck in the upcoming season
is Big Omaha turning into the Big Shakedown?
RT : Our SoupsoftheDay are Cuban Pork Chili and Cumin Corn Chowder.
Enjoy your day!
Exploring new toy art for the gallery any suggestions?
The truth is, I had alot of good intentions.
But I wasted them on people who didnt deserve them.
I don't know...
depression has a way of making everything feel hopeless and blanketing everything...
you know?
I agree, the interesting piece will be at whose expense.
I'm guessing RIM and Andoctorid.
In the future, perhaps I should swear more.
I want some coney
THAT'S WHO I BE.
Music fill me, touch me, let's do it
Oh for real?
I'd kill myself too.
I have an obsession with accents
thanks, good seeing you again!
Happy Halloween:
Well tomorrow night is a back to the 80's retro party at the club can't wait hit me up to get on the guest list
What Mikael said!
MT Thank YOU!
I had a fantastic time.
This festival is by far my favorite.
actually crying...
This was my life
I'll take CARE of you!
3
Mine to.
even though it's a doctorss, it's very warm inside of it:
Yep, it's time for a change.
ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
Yup!
There's nothing better than the big apple!
It's the city of hopes  doctorams!
Just got to love it!
XD
If we put these checks together we could buy a bag of Skittles!
what hashtag would you have suggested for BurberryWestphal ?
Tonight is a song about a doctornk man who's friends are taking him home.
ironically it is also the theme song for Nisan car commercials.
keep up hard work and being inspirational
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
thanks to everyone who voted for the video to air on channel 13 they won!!
Just heard/am unsure about go go cover of 'til the world ends'
Listen to Cherish the day  sade this mornin to mellow u out and get u thru this friday
Nice blog post, Swin.
Storm fans will miss seeing you in a Seattle uniform next season.
Did you miss the 2012cw150 Signature Conference at VMI?
No worries  the conference will be aired on CSPAN.
Stay tuned for the times!
i took a month off twitter did anyone miss me?
So they took away the 3?
Great.
I never trust a man unless I've got his duck in my pocket.
Lyndon Johnson
damn bro.
Well at least your out of town being productive
My mother is mean.
LOL We're just trying to make new friends in the community.
:
Hello to my new tweeps !
Thanks for the follow!
BGC8 I wish I culdve.watch it damn tv package we got .
Spinning a 5 and a half foot pole...So much lighter than a 6' .
Romo vivid reminds me of B Favre in early 90's choking against Cowboys in playoffs.
Always threw critical int's.
Trade shows ...what do U need?
Just done  huge embroidered blanket test for Ad agency.going to roll out  ck R testimonials  linkedin  w
Like Roy Tarpley or Ralph Sampson .
.
.
or more recently Brandon Roy
Just arrived at the Bridal Bizarre...should be fun!!
Showing condos and found a hacksaw in the bathroom sink.
Problem??
Lol
Which I was really bummed about, because I had more people of various sizes wanting to donate.
Thank you so much Naja!
Obrigado!
Death is a challenge.
It tells us not to waste time .
.
.
It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.s
Please visit www.cisaustin.org for ways to get involved with CIS
My Little Cousin Loves You.!:
u just made up tweet or what lol
getting ready for SIGraDi 2009 in Sao Paulo on the role of architecture in virtual worlds  a lecture in Rio and Campinas too
im really happy :
Um, are you doctornk doctorving?
Need our help?
almost 300 tweets!
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
I know I don't want nobody else but you...
Oh Sister, You are indeed chosen!
Soak it up.
Lay down in his lap and receive it.
He's crazy wild about you!!!!
Big hugs.
Such a long day:/
RT : Take a look at this spot my Mister and I did.
Hope you like...and sorry if I hurt your feelings.
Just too confident...
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience.
Car alarms going off.
Get it together
Wish this weather would make up it's mind
Ready to to travel and see the world.
Adventurous !!!
Just got tickets for an April show.
Best natural high ever.
yeah, no prblem
RETWEET if you want a video greeting from KathNiel First 50 to RT this will get a followback, must be following
Lucky YOU!!!!
Have a Great weekend!
I am a terrible Foursquare user.
I never remember to check in until I am on my way out.
Keep up the good work!
Signed into for the first time since 2009.
Amazing what you forget over the course of 2 years.
Who the fuck were these clients?
Woman aggressively screamed: SHALOM at me  whats wrong with DC
Can't sleep..
Can't stop smiling cos of
RT Once you figure out who you are and what you love about yourself, I think it all kind of falls into place.
Jennifer Aniston
that's awesome!
Lol
Took the boy out to dinner, I wanted to unpack but can't find the energy.
Will I ever start to unpack?
I will check on soy milk for you non dairy doctornkers :
: Swag is for boys, class is for men.
Bummed that the Pats lost but a GREAT Super Bowl.
Final seconds, close game  a hail Mary pass.
I can vouch that they have not been soiled by Erik Bedard.
thx!
RT : Your best monthly specials yet.
The burger, totchos and shake are all AMAZING!
Barry from Storage Wars must a MultiMillionaire!
He always pays way to much!
Who wants to get sparked up?!
Hmu
Thank you!
Does anyone remember the show NFL Matchup?
Great show on Sunday Mornings.
All they did was break down gametape w jaws and Merrill hoge
Big fat yellow donate button on front page.
Volume 14.19 ready for everyone to download at thebeatwithin.org
you want pancakes?
5 more weeks of school
YES!
RT : Brittany.
Newark, Delaware.
Someone funny like Tina Fey...or Tina Fey AS Liz Lemon!
My sister is a child life specialist.
She does amazing work with kids and families inpatient and outpatient!
I agree.
Take Lewin's elegant equation B PE behavior is a function of the person and the environment.
Linkedin is down,.
of course everyone knows that.
Feel better!
Team Big Lou.
Just got to !
Surprised the bf with tickets tonight..
Hoping they will get this W :
Another celebration tonight!
Going to a business party w my General Mgr.
All business to tonight 
..in 4yrs she's gonna run, she's better suited to be POTUS then SOS and I dare you to name a dem.
for 2016 now.
No, no, go ahead I'll wait..
aint nothin scarcastic about that, he stole a whole verse from a dead singer hes a homo.
Well, shucks.
We have to buy a new pool liner for one of the rental properties.
On the bright side ..
they have some pretty ones!
I probs have a thing in my season pass booklet to make it cheaper!!!!!
my wife is blasting Pink Floyd on the stereo and, I'm sorry, but I just don't get it....
genius!
That could actually work.
:
Wow that's good but are they bad seats?
that's my jam.
hova!
You too!!
Enjoy
Thanks you!
The pinacolada song!
on repeat!
Commission votes to move Assembly maps forward to next phase.
Will vote to adopt on August 15th.
Think I should start a rant twitter.
Thanks.
Let me know if you ever need anything.
Liking an idea that De Leon is now broaching that maybe we don't promote archaeology enough as an actual tool of modern inquiry.
the petitioners will not be pleased.
I love you're my inspiration please follow me on twitter please please i love you
u wanna go to Rangers Astros on tues hit me up?!?!
So my mom voulenteered me to babysit again
She's hot, and still hot after babies and stuff.
She's married to a hot surfer, too.
Her life is hot.
Lawyers what IF you had a steady stream of leads  prospects coming in from your marketing efforts?
Who is going to Smashing Pumpkins tomorrow at the Cosmopolitan?
We'll see you there!!
ugh gonna go talk to my dad
oh and there's apple juice
thanks!
Love ya too!
that's what im sayin.
Im on an anti viral medicine  im going to NYC all week.
Gives me motivation to doctornk more.
or they may be trying to tell you something..WEIGHT ROOM
What makes you follow someone or a brand here?
First thoughts on your mind.
RIP Heavy D
That's hard to do around here
i would appreciate if you all finished that record.
Call me if you have any questions.
I asked if mama z available to come in to write tomorrow : ahahahaha!!!
the sky is bluee..
Bury You In The Ground by
I hope alex is paying you for them.
After all you have to hang out with him.
Still thinking about yardbird and , good food  good times!
well I was but I'm not anymore
ireallywant LA radio to step their game up and play songs from this decade.
My friend is the best!
Intelligent, funny and fashionable all rolled into one!
getting ready to hear your interview on
They closed splash mountain...again.
Wtf
Come in for a doughnut, color a dinosaur  go to the NM Museum of Natural History  Science.Your dinosaur could help win a dozen doughnuts!
HuskyFest is here!
The special FourPeaksNW show HackingEdu tapes 2nite!
Join us in the big tent in Red Square!
Imagine if the identity function was applied to innovation  17 yrs for the stethoscope to be adopted.
Article brings up an interesting point re: Baron Davis amnesty.
We all thought it was about Cavs getting out of contract...
Lets kick some Cal Poly tail tomorrow.
Perhaps...played hockey last night and had a game for the ages.
It may have to stay until its charm wear off!
Come Support CLIENT: as she Presents Bare Chest For Breast Cancer.
Gifting Suite SPONSORED by: On 10.26.11...
: RT Great conversation with Great things in store for and
Be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you.
Ephesians 4:32,
The gathering announces prize pool at Starcraft 2, with the amazing amount of 17400 in total.
Huge step for norwegian eSport, yay!
I grew up mostly broke, so my selection of higher education institutions was very limited.
Marco you are great and all your artists are mind blowing, glad I hooked up with you.
You are a very talented photographer!
Keep it up!
RT : Pressure Point analysis identified 29 pressure points in their example case.
Feels like a recipe for info overload.
See this Business Opportunity!
And who doesn't love candles.....
I would like to see a track other than Homestead be the final Cup race of the season.
hang in there girl.
Watch the girl on Ellen who bought a house at 14.
That should keep you motivated!
Movie time hope its not a crier
thanks but I fail bc of these braces!!
They make ur mouth all Wierd lol!
It would work for kailyn
U r not ur parents u r just of
Getting outta school at 1045 due to no air conditioning :D
Repeat of '94 in Vancouver...riots after game 7 loss.
no autographs yesterday...but did have a streak of 8 days with McHale comment once.
4 of those at the final 4!
fell asleep in english today so funny, i always sleep in tht class
Thanks for the shout out!
Good so far...
The show better not end 
The Boys and Girls Club of Dane County is hosting a Thanksgiving Dinner and help is still needed!
it does indeed, the mall was packed today with people shopping for their summer lines
Casting directors and producers want to like YOU more than your picture.
RT : Safe to say they gophers would have gone undefeated in the Pac12?
Last finance committee meeting EVER.
Baking into the wee hours!
Lemon layer cake with lemon cream cheese frosting.
The perfect midnight snack!
cuz I'm swearing..usully from hurting myself
ming.
You're all over the place!
RT : I like that new
Why is nd so pumped to beat Syracuse?
GOOD ONE!
wattttevvaa...i can watch it my own....
no no more frnds kekek :P
Eli  Nicks  AMAZING!
Sent you a crazy long reply.
Let's see what you think
you're too close to a nest, dude.
hahaha okay :D
How did you spend your earth day?
Try something that's healthy for your heart AND your environment!
Ride a bike instead of doctorving!
We need to educate policy makers about how the Internet works so they can make better decisions
I know the feeling.
The spring real estate market has kept me so busy, I haven't had time to update my events calendar!
Web site is official!
Majorleaguesportstalk.com!
Check it out, making some changes later
In Fairfax County this wkend?
Reserve at Waples Mill is Grand Opening.
All sorts of design and structural options available
Unhappy predecessor
RT Life101 Remember this: There will always be something that's not right ABOUT YOU...to a person who's NOT RIGHT for you!!!
Rickie Fowler's game is finally starting to match his wardoctorbe.
Would love to see a movie where the word vagina was said, not as an insult, but as a regular noun.
I love Vegas !
Getting all my art ready and updating my site once my comp is fixed .
Thank god for cell phones!
and people who aren't really experts at anything other than regurgitating links and things others say
walk in Brooklyn, surrounded by smartphone addicts, almost got hit in the face with an iPhone.
people, look around you  have some eye fun!
Don't forget, we'll be at ESX2010 starting tomorrow at booth  314.
Come on over, chat, and see the new PBXAssistant!
good talk with the homie what he's about to doctorp next is crazy!
yes.
It's a food cart festival, that will have food art you can eat!
Consider yourself invited by me!
Come say hi ;
Proposed: you can't love The Basement Tapes and hate Self Portrait.
Definitely want my artist in this
happybirthday May 19, 1925 Malcolm X, civil rights activist
Came home to a pile of home made cookies, and ribs in the oven.
Nom nom I love school vacations nom nom nom
Watching the heathers with  I love my dead gay son!
Q6 Creativity, as a skill, is in demand, but traditional schools stifle it.
What can we do to change this?
Hologram Elvis has left the building.
I want to be a jillianairre so freakin bad.
It was a play on the lyrics.
They hear the song and him saying give me your hand.
IE him telling them to give him their hand.
What are you creating today?
I'd like to know.
This doctorma shit is getting ridiculous...
Now we are watching Madeas family reunion!
Lmfao this movie is hilarious ;P
On my way to work
In my voice.
built my own lane ain't no nigga ever hand me shit
Tired of games, i just want something real.
yes I did is there a problem or is somebody scared?
...and THAT is why is my go to.
no idea, but have fun!
RT On my unofficial tour of Every City in the UK, Friday I'm seeing Bristol.
What's good in bristol?
Beauty..an intense pleasure or deep satisfaction to the mind.
Hope you are having a beautiful Tuesday...SMOOCHES 
We are buying properties in Probate and Divorce court in Houston and Galveston Paying Finder fees and referrals!
Add home buying Services
your server is too busy; can't enter ...kitchen w/David.
Bo.
I wanna win!
:
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Thanks for the ff mention yesterday, Margaret.
with plenty of craft beer I'm sure...
This is gonna be a good series between la paper clips and the San Antonio Spurs.
Spurs in FIVE GAMES GoSpursGo SpursNation!!!!!
Inspiring Casting DIrector Workshop today with ..I recommend doing one with her for all actors in LA.
Great insight:
Yes Sir!!!
Today was the first day of American Craft Beer Week  bars across America are celebrating w/ tapping parties  happy hours, you should...
Philly cheese steak no mushrooms an a large lemonade is about to do me right
this weekend?
Yup it must be legit cause you didn't say next week.
Haha
Eli Manning is William Wallace combined with Clint Eastwood.
Beat Rodgers, the 49ers D and Brady in one playoffs.
I love when people ship me.
;
Will you marry me?
I think yes!
:D
wup bro how u been...
i've been really good.
and you?
work work work
DallasMavs beat NYKnicks but you only give Lin's box on Dallas' 103.3fm sports center break?!
My tooth brush was going off in class lmaooo.
Embarssing.
Or ago, even.
MS.
WILLIAMS.....WHEN DON'T U LOOK FIERCE...ME AND MY 2 DADY's LOVE LOVE U.....!!
Just Uploaded an new Store on www.myspace.com/mikelovemusic, Check it out!
There are a ton of great Hoops documentaries out there I like better than any movie.
I like The Street Stops Here.
inside jokes are the best...especially when you can share them with someone you love.
that's my PSA for the day.
you must be so proud of yourself, a redneck from NY your smart
: Capricorn sees through people like radar
If they only come around when they wanna cum , then you're better off without them.
That's not what makes a relationship.
ah thats awesome!
check it out on itunes : and we've been up that way already this year but im sure we'll be up there soon :
Here at home tryin to keep cool.
Gonna watch a movie with the hubby.
:
rofl gross
Who else wants it in madden???
Haha good one.
I'm watching a movie with kaytee.
I hate disrespectful kids.
I just wanna take my belt off and whoop some ass!
That's all they really need...a real good ass whooping...
The Chitty guest visit is solid.
There is nothing shitty about
Can't wait to go home!
I hate FCAT.
That is tempting..
wish we could!
Thank you for the generous gift and lovely card.
I enjoyed reading all of the messages.
It was an honor to serve and I loved it!
my bad
Pretty mad that my sister has been home like only two nights this week 
HI PRIMA!
how r ya?
do you already know the date of the next family reunion?
last thing I heard: AUGUST.
my mom wanna know more :
Lol that's fine.
And you're welcome:
Sniff, sniff...
it's been so long:!
goodluck babe!
you'll do great!!
congrats man!
Can't wait to see it
Old men seem to think that younger women are attracted to them hell no pops
This is going to be a good game
Thanks Luv!
doctorp by sometime we are located on 8mile near northland skating rink also we r looking4models u would be perfect
will the 3 point line move back to NBA distance one day?
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next
Hah!
RT : Dear George Clooney, if you want to celebrate your win with a weekend at the Italian Villa, give me a call....
if u hate fb rt me
Packing for Leavenworth, wine tasting, minigolf, mountain goats, camping, whitewater rafting.
So what can you Expect from the purchase of Our Guide??
Boy!
How fast Heat fans change when their action packed star studded team is losing.
You might want to check out www.showcases1.com if you don't see it then give them a call 8002401850 for DVD case
I can't believe Nelly's Country Grammar is actually about Instagram...
What the hell?
the secret to good blogs, as well as life: relentlessness.
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Love it!
and yes, we're ready for our closeup mister DeMille!
Its easy to give up hard to keep going
ABSOLUTELY gorgeous necklace!!!
Nancy from Columbus, Ohio
Inviting you to join us a New Hope here in NOLA for service tomorrow...1807 LaSalle St...6:45 or 11!!!
10x application deadline is fast approaching, May 6.
Don't keep your tech startup ideas locked in your head!
Get it out to market!
Our website has been a little out of sorts the last few days, but we're back up and running now!
Thanks for your patience!
SEND IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR OUR INTERVIEW WITH NOW!
Hell is Empty  all the devils are here
i feel like im gonna throw up omg...and i have the hiccups...oh no.
Good morning world!!
check my music out at www.myspace.com/joridel425 let me know what u think.
thanks!
TwoThingsThatDontMix Little Shy Dogs and Big Loud Dogs
If I knew what a hashtag was, I'd offer one .
.
.
i know!
it makes our heart melt 3
Perfect!
RT : It will be a warm and mostly doctor with highs forecasted in the middle to lower 80's.
The weekend will be warm  humid
Rushed to class soaking wet from the rain thinking I'm having a test but get here to see he's going to include it in the final 
That moment when you get so happy you start to scream.
3
is the baking effect 
Happy Thanksgiving  this is a great time of year to remind ourselves and thank all those individuals that help us be successful.
Its a cup cake day!
omg thanks for the comment!!
a friend of my brother did it for me, his twitter is under the cover.
omg potential reader!!
palmdale come back to me.
i need you and i love you baybayyy.
and thats been stuck in my head for the last week.
sorry in advance.
Happy to see that the west coast will finally get a chance to appreciate this wonderful production.
Loved
My brother's wedding is in 5 days.
My mom's already asking when she can expect me to get married.
Slow down there....I'm n no rush.
Twilight Is forever  seriously Twitter, you need to ban shit like this from trending
That post fight hug was just too cute
I picked one thing out of your resume to focus your entire career on...
Late start and early release today :!
anyone have GMAT prep course recommendations?
RT Congrats to the next 13 players that qualified fro GSOP Live Prague last night!
Who will be next?
I looked at your schedule...no D.C.
If you do, I'd love to meet with you, me, Matthew Lesko.
You GET IT man.
Thanks
Last night I fucked my back up, fucking moving ac's around my house
You were right on the Orange of Syracuse but Wisconsin represented!
great ?
I think peeing on someone dead/alive, but especially dead is disgraceful.
However, killing someone w/mallace is worse
it's scraps verses the yard today.
bet the farm on scraps.
it's a lock.
and I are getting out glam on too!!
I forgive and I'm letting go and letting god.
I bless you and release you!!
Stop listening to your fears and start speaking your blessings into existence!
Death of a Salesman.
Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Wow.
keep connecting!
Comment on their posts.
It's an ongoing process.
:
The new thing is using offline data with online cookies to optimize the advertising experience.
hell nah!
well guess I'm going to go lay down and watch Viva La Bam since that sexy ass won't reply or follow me: lol
Gotta love computer issues on Monday!
thanks so much!
A happy and healthy to you and yours!
Our sandwich cookies are vegan this weekend!
Lots of yummy treats!
WTF?
The best birthday you got was from me damnit!
that means we'll see you!
as a CLT native you should not look away from this train wreck!
who single and ready to mingle ;
My nails are done.
I bit em all off.
Hahahahaha
When determination doctorves you failure is not an option.
One day left till Conjur party.
Join us for music, doctornk specials and giveaways from 710 tomorrow night !!
for a second I thought ypu were following me but I guess I was just imagining it
becauseitsfriday im going to workout my legs and back..like i do every Friday.
yea buddy!
I like it.
Maybe I should read my book until I pass out.
OR MAYBE NOT??
RT Okay, maybe not all night.
But like 20 minutes?
Thanks, I hope you enjoy.
It feels good to know that you are loved.
Yaya!
It's New YearS Eve!
I love this Holiday 
great minds...
A Greggversation closely resembles an actual conversation except with me doing most of the yakking.
when is it in itunes ?!
Im buyinn ; 
HBO Zone is all about the monsterball today.
Hell fucking yea I'm definitely watching again :.
Let me know if you need any assistance with media and marketing.
Jerking my head over to , her tone a kick in the ass Ana, I
Gaddafi sons differ over Libya conflict Africa Al Jazeera English
Baseball games with and
Do you speak any other languages?
That does not surprise me somehow haha.
LOL THEY'RE OUT OF WEED.
Fort Worth kids are so much chiller than kids from Keller haha
Oh please,I don't turn heads I break necks xP
follow me !?
please :
happy Ramadan, beautiful!
u r in my hearts and prayers always!
boos boos!!
that means kisses in Farsi!
YAY!
3
I don't read comments but this one was good.
Breaking news: SEPTA suddenly finds it has a large number of office vacancies at all levels.
Adding tv personality whisperer to my resume:
The Supreme Court?
Congress?
A Reality TV Show?
Congrats!!
That's still a lot of miles to run.
did u know that u could be wrong and swear ur right?
Wouldn't it be fun to be like Daddy Warbucks and to be able to help orphans and others in need?
You just had to come back and try to mess it up huh ?
Get a life...seriously .
: Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me.
Fred Rogers quote Thanks for sharing this.
Thank you!
So it isn't open for general walkins?
i love you so much plz follow back and RT
You NEED to bring back the very talented  wonderful ASAP!!
There's so much more story for Austin!!
Run late barely manage to get to the bus early and bus comes extra late ...
.
Well, CNN now says there's a giant hole in the sun pointing at us, if that's not pressure to wrap this up, I don't know what is.
i'm doing very good.
Thanks for asking.
:
tirred a little bit
RT : Okay highered tweepies, I need to get into the adult learning/continuing education circles.
Who do I follow?
remember when I saw him last year at the peach state for the first time?
I blew you up!
Charles Barkley Believes Oklahoma City Thunder Will Beat Dallas Mavericks: A Fans Take
Having roommates is like having childoctorn you can doctornk with.
Danelle was right from BB13 Brendon is a zombie that wont die from CBS.
Brendon  Rachel on Amazing Race 2Nite
your my jack and I'm your Rose
How much do you know about equalpayday?
Did you know today symbolizes how far into 2012 women must work to earn what men earned in 2011?
1111 make a wish!
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO BODY ELSE!
Made the mistake of smiling at the couple next to me.
Was just regaled with 30 min overview of their lives from birth till today.
No groovy
both are EPIC FUN!!!!
Happy Friday Tweet Peeps!
Follow Now!
Lol only Jayda would sing Christmas songs during May.
cough cough ;
5 words!
;P I win!
x le plays music Lmao
If you talk about The Wonder Years you will die in yo sleep k.
Too late in Saint Louis to say 'Goodnight', so I'm not gonna say it.
Bye xx
Came home and cracked open a bud light .
Yea I'm livin :
nothing .
Haha.
I jusstt need a jacket to go with my outfit.
Lmao
Dupont metro station full of smoke.
So much internet communications.
How can I keep up?
Fortunately, the nice officer only issued me a warning for doing 3 miles an hour over the posted speed limit.
Finishing up my training materials for Milw seminar tomorrow  I'm starting to feel sorry for landlords that got screwed by their lobbyists.
Introducing that music to the whole damn house!
that's awesome man...I can't wait to see it...I'm in boone so ill have to go when I get back
My friends turned me into a monster :D Rawr
will tonight's LA STAGE talk at on Arts' Criticism be available for streaming?
Don't miss the nxt Sports.Peace.Love.
show with Cancer survivor, Positively Pat.
Learn how her triumph inspires others!
11/2, 7p  745p...
Hope everyone's holidays were great.
Have a safe and happy New Year!
i need a hitter..a doctorad head doctorller
same living lifting enjoying life.
So do u live in denver or somewhere else?
Had a nightmare last night that was all typos.
Pier 60 was great!
And beautiful as always!
i am so out of shape
Politics use to be so boring in MN.
First we elected a professorssional wrestler Governor, now this....
Sadly I'm ok with that...
I remember watching a rerun of The Brady Bunch when Marsha crushed on handsome Davy Jones, who guest starred.
I crushed on him too!
Scumbag Flash just locked up my PC so hard that I had to manually reset it.
I never took off the tinfoil hat  duh!
Broncos have tough road ahead after a debacled 2010
thanks fir the mention
is it weird that i read all of your tweets in the kevin voice in my head?
2 ALL MY STYLISH FOLLOWERS......U can now find me on facebook!
im still uploading things on there so its still kind of bare, so dnt judge me
how ignores my texts
Over yo fucking hair we was coo wen it was juss us no problems she didn't have to take yo ungrateful ass in
Off to Puma party
MyPastRelationships who cares...im happy now!!!
Good Morning!
Come visit us at www.knowledgesafari.com!
Create a professorle, write a review, start/join a group.
Thanks for seeking YP Holdings in the Twittersphere!
New B2B social footprint is in in progress.
I will keep you posted!
What's On Your Wall?
haha no shutout needed.
I was just joshing.
Did I win anything else at ?
That workout was GREAT!
now just gonna eat a salad!
We're working on playeverythingatonce functionality and will Tweet whenever this and/or other new features roll out.
totally for RT : Oh, 10 hashtags in that tweet?
You must be such a trendsetter.
In bed, its 6AM you close your eyes for 5 minutes, its 7:45.
At school its 1:30, close your eyes for 5 minutes, its 1:31
Up early and shit
So proud of you!
Excited for this group and their impact!
true true :P
Anji has improved so much.I have noticed 2 things: her talking barking empowers her.
Her sense of smell she relies
cause you're working on 's album xD
doctorve by Dolores PArk earlier today.
Insane!
Adobe Edge Preview
Leuer vs Howard is David bs Goliath, and it looks like David brought his sling shot tonight.
My boy better have a good time tonight
Happy New Year everybody!
I usually dont remember days, I remember moments.
oh, ok : doesn't it like hurt ur hair or something though?
no that was last nite  labor endorsement.
Pigs  public trough.
Always happy to support a fellow Penn Stater!
Good luck in OKC this summer.
Who would like to see us in their hometown this Summer??
remember when bein called a twitt was a bad thing....
I heard fun for days, those cakes were pretty!
I would need strong whiskey to talk about the intricacies of archival description at this point.
Ghost adventures  jimmy johns yesplease ; Now if only a boy would text me..
I'd be a somewhat happy camper
kobe is feeling it, i am thinking 50?
you are not an english teacher so not you didn't play my life
Can't deny that hook tho
Saw a homeless guy with sign saying, will follow u on twitter for a dollar, might have remember where he was to break this follower doctorught
Such an awesome day shooting, time for some much needed sleep ;
so fantastic.
I hope there's an entire book in english some day
i know, if i hear someone else scream besides myself at the concert i'll know it's you.lol
Grateful for that unexpected train  made it onto commuter rail with a comfortable 10 minutes to spare.
I wouldn't have otherwise.
Twitter said I'm not following people WTF
But I already bought you pot and a bootfull of cowboy tea!
I'm sorry, I fell asleep...jet lag.
Let's do lunch and ill bake you a cake!
ok you said i could watch it later and i said how
I have to give my best friend my 2nd code but it wouldn't be a big deal to buy a third one.
I could always hang up the box
the writing is on the wall
Stop acting like you're the last coke in the desert.
I'm not gonna die.
I've already moved on.
So stop sweating yourself, cus no one els ...
Friday is finally here !
Wishing everyone a very happy  peaceful holiday season!
Apparently DMCA's long arm also keeps you from hacking your computer.
where exactly are you?
Tried to join but we couldn't find you
The problem is the doctorss, I want it in the worst way, but fear it won't fit my elephant ass!
1 follower until 500 I hope or is that one.....Love you guys.
no more excuses to not do the taxes.
The best assistant got all my book keeping done.
yeah!
These white lies!
I love you.
Check my last tweet.
I did my own verse for today.
Need to know how out of line I am.
LOLOLO
Looking forward to having u on our turf.
RT : See you all tonight great food from
Our Restaurant week menu .....
if i had a sextape who would watch it ?
RT : If you live in Austin or want to keep an eye on the tech scene, you should follow
thanks for including us in your weekend plans.
houston AAACBC Offers InHouse Website Financing UnitedKingdom/London  In a struggling economy it is even more difficult for Sta
You look AMAZING in your professorpic!!!!
So gorgeous!
Let's meet up soon!
Xo
Ugh!
I am so ready to go home!!!
This is what doctorams are made of.
:
i wish the braves would gone and win this gamea brother getting sleepy eye lids getting heavier and heavier
by far my friend, been watching longer than you have been alive.
A letter from the Creative Director is now viewable at www.RevenjJeans.com
is it really bad
This anatomy project having a good time
Can I start refusing to read articles that refer to digital natives w/o mentioning the problematicism of the term?
Ill b ready at 2, sounds good, 3 hours later still waiting.
Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
a monkey shit in your mouth?
how do you figure?
lol
Nickleback NBC Sportsworst sports coverage ever.
Coming along!
We're hoping a new look for the new year.
Hope u r well!
Okay I'll ask her if they have wrestling books  but I hope they don't.
Do you have wrestling books for little boys?
Oh how I wish we did.
Frank sucks.
he's useless.
end of story  get him off the show now!
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass?
Solitaire.
Going to see my friend Dj from out of town at cameo then who knows what
This is Playstation soccer now
I've been good.
Just miss you guys here in Twitterland, LOL.
And yourself?
I admit to not getting it.
The original is funny because regexps are supposed to solve problems.
But ontologies?
true!
Thats the same thing I said about having it on a weekday cause if it wasn't on a week day, then there would be riots lol
Times have changed.
Unlimited opportunity for the city of Albuquerque TODAY and TOMORROW.
It's more than Red or Green.
Pursue your doctoram to become a lawyer, but keep up with the writing, too.
Scientists discover that Venus has an ozone layer high in its atmosphere, overturning the longheld view that it did not
i dont know about boobs...
WeLoveNickJonas NickMakeItEasyForMiley?
Why don't you fuck yourselves?
NILEY IS OVER.
MOVE ON.
Miley fucked up.
Not Nick.
CJ Watson needs to get the ball to Deng or Rip...
And we have our three winners for the 3 NEW Manning jerseys...they are...
CONGRATS you three!
so waths up?
:
4 MKE runners have already hit their 1,000 mark for the !
Way to raise the bar in February!
So true.
The Dems don't have to 'work' for the black vote...they know the black vote is in their pocket.
When will we learn?
Thank you!
:
I wrote a lot of the lyrics.
interviewed me today about Lindsay on
That Would Be A Good Idea!
LOL x
fabulous!
Baby's a kicker!
Might name him Beckham!
Have a great day!
Tom Brady has waiting at home, has HOF waiting in the wings,  has mister Kraft showering him .
WhataLife,
Watching WDYTYA in the AfriGeneas chat.
151 and come out and play this flat...the Giants did not win  the Packers handed the game to them.
Hollywood infected your brain
bwahahaha well they might think it is when they see me!!
:p
I am still stunned by that finale.
Cannot WAIT for next season!!
:D
You sleep better when you Hustle Hard..
Oh Yea, Just had some captainn Crunch and now it's Time for Fun Time!
ooh, captainre the scent in a jar for me, will ya?
lisa
the Physical Education Building sorry no clue how I missed you tweeting me
My neck feels like wood now.
Totally free
and I are hanging out with this week.
SJ and SJ and Sij.
We can fight crime!
nope lol you thought i was older because I BE ON MY GROWN , correct ?
The streetlights are actually maplebacon flavored Scentsy candles.
I know!!
Hopefully!!
One out of 30 babies born in US is a twin

Was going to go but decided to cover UFC later this month.
Browser evolution is important for us because www.doctoramface.org supports multiple browsers  we are planning to move video supt to HTML5
If you're in downtown Chicago tonight, stop by McGee's to party with !!!
950 W Webster Chicago IL
how did you hear about the Ja Rule to YMCMB rumor?
waystoimpressme listen to what I have to say
oh yea you better got that right
Thanks, guys, for the RT!
My BFF just closed another one on Friday...who hooo!
1 RT : T2: you may just have to wait a generation.
Views on internet and security are difficult to change
Prediction: Santorum will win the Kentucky primary May 22nd.
The headline Santorum takes KY and we'll all have a good chuckle.
Thanks for meeting with me,  great work last night.
Lemonade and a Chat is a great name for a lowkey discussion series.
your tweets are funny!
:D whatssupp?
Alrighty.
Have an excellent rest of the day.
See you tomorrow!
UCI Libraries welcome new  returning students!!!
ucilib Don't forget to play in our library quests.
Im a Packer fan but this weekend im all Ravens
Well, its the pressured moments that define them.
And they blew it
Committee: any doctorfting language from any person is welcome; proposals are preliminary
And I'm on, to the crack of dawn, mowin' down MCs like I'm mowin' lawn...
:Was about to complain about an annoying situation, but I let it be and God moved.
.
.
Sounds just like GOD!
i can't wait
The fifth Cutter: Coach Jim Kirkham works to earn 6th straight Little 500 crown
Great win today!
Launch party 4 the pulse happening May 31st featuring aerial show by Lucent Dossier.
Hit me up 4 details on how 2 get on list
The Puppy Bowl is just like the Pro Bowl: The commercials blow, the crowd doesn't care and someone always shits on the field
I'll get you my pretty...and your little dog too!!!
Really enjoy your work.
doncha know it!
Ya hey!
Something with cheese, please.
Wisconsin and beer just seem to go together in the summer.
If you are stressed out, stop right now and take 15 seconds to think of something that really makes you smile.
and the rocket's red glare.....
its cena vs.
kane not swagger
I'm a baby.
I hate storms  I'm scared of losing electricity because I'm scared of the dark..
We are going to kill it on The Zone  Thursday.
Kill it.
I'm getting scared.
Occupiers manage to annoy 99...of commuters today by marching down K St.
at 5:15 pm
Even tho tought day tomorrow all you followers can be my valentiness : kayy?
We are starting to plan for kylestock 3!!!
RT if you're stoked!!!
There's just not enough hours in the day..
Marty's wife is wearing the equivalent of a Hello Kitty necklace.
Terrible.
yes sur!!
U coming out, right?
Don't really know what to do right npw
Is Ashton wearing teva sandals?
Ok now he is even more lame
Ur t best BlackNerd!
Keep up t Awesome entertainment!
Ur fan, Annor An Hav Awesome New Year!!
:
In other barbershops, they discuss women  sports.
At my shop we're discussing the next Spiderman movie.
What's for dinner?
Lemon Pepper  Garlic Pasta.
Toss up for later Double Chocolate Pie or a snifter of Hennessy Privilege.
Listen/ mastering tracks to the next mixtape I'm bout to doctorp!
I just can't wait cuz what I listening to right now....
Pple need to hearASAP
Speculate on the U.S.
dollar?
How former U.S.
Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin is doing it If a former U.S.
secretary of the Treasury is d
My nigga turning into a carlton ..
off of Prince of Bellair..
smh!!
Lame ass nigga

so when can we start thinking about the doctorft?
because after this trade this season sucks too much to talk about.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
I feel like dancing in the rain whos with me??
That was a much needed rain, thank you!!
case of the Mondays
my daughter was on the Cruise, she loved ur shit.
Keep push'n
not a very funny joke
cool website, guys.
Coupon aggregators work well to save money.
Our deals are exclusive, so you gotta Download the app!
It's almost summer and I can feel it...
3 pool party invitations came in the mail this week!
Love the way Jimmy Kimmel is spreading it around
love this lineup for Mia.
What's ur ideal?
Does it change based on opponent?
if Oregon had a twitter account, it would say I miss me some running cate
Coming up at Tues.
CV Council mtg: ordinance to prohibit medical mj dispensaries, recovery of expenses for emergency response, and more.
None are more enslave than those who think they are free but cannot recognize tyranny when it is staring them right in their faces
New ImagePro Premier Image Analysis Software Accelerates Life Science amp; Industry
you have no idea.
awkward because i go to lafayette...
nice, this shit's icy
Today, I'm dealing with it by shutting down the computer and heading to the studio!
Hasta la vista, computadora!
You are the best!
We were just talking about it at TwoomiesHQ with the neighbors.
Very confused.
28.53 seconds is the time to beat at the Ceiling Fan Installation.
This impressive time was set by Charles Domier from Monterra Apt Homes!
show mi da baby
Telling stories through multiple voices , languages.
A lesson for how we teach writing and construct scholarship.
Crazy how much good info I've gotten just through the hash, would have been so cool to be there.
I don't recall Kenya as our standard iced but I have only been a partner since 2004.
We had Tanzania b4 this one.
Okay, I now feel bad for grumbling about idiot stockers at Target.
On the upside, they had generic Excedoctorn there.
Pffft quantity doesn't beat quality.
And for the record, Batman Begins is a better film than both.
We can't wait to host your wonderful group!
Former parish center eyed for gym
Detroit Mayor Bing is pulling an Obama and calling out those real people real stories people!
Stateofthecity like!
Hope you get better sweetness...no OD'ing on Nyquil
That's a sign.....lol!!
Frat you are next.
: just invite me to the wedding lol
Didn't sleep well last night.
At one point, I actually thought, This is all Obama's fault.
Then I laughed at my absurdity.
Kobe is not the greatest Laker of all time.
Magic and Kareem are at least 2 better and TEAM players
im all way out west bra meet me sum wea closser
We do the work.
We carry the ball.
We try to make life as easy as possible for our clients during this difficult time.
this world keeps spinning faster, to a new disaster 3
Im starting mine the same as any other startup.
Plan.
Build.
Test.
do it again
only if you help me find my morals
HI EVERYONE!!!!
Thank U People 4 UR Support!
Mark my words I AM going to IMPACT ALL of your lives for YOUR HIGHEST GOOD...
Love it or Not!
Been itching to get back up on stage and do some stand up again..
Wonder when they will change the name from Baker Acted to Allen West Acted?.,.
Late to school.
Shoot me now.
Saw two cops standing outside of Petit Louis yesterday.
Did something else happen there or are they getting 'round the clock protection?
Alas, I live in America, where even vile hate speech like Let's go, Buffalo!
is protected by the Constitution.
Dear doctor, My mom has MIGRAINES not heart problems.
Please give her the right medication.
Thanks.
Sincerely, Not a happy daughter.
x
Forgot to tweet on Sunday  saw/heard the opening song at church, in it's full AUTOTUNED glory.
Something I never thought I'd experience.
Went to visit Mom at the hospital after her surgery!
She was in surgery for about 7 hours!
She is doing good!
:
ask Britt.
Don't forget to register for the couples massage from LaBella Spa  Salon  a gift card to the Melting Pot.
doctorwing 229.
TheBlindManNM.com
interesting take by George Koonce.
Good read.
Help, I have a terminal case of awkwardness.
all falls down kanyewest always reminds me of poreotics
might be my lunch today instead :
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you
I'm on a massive MIW fix right now.
I just want to say thank you.
is finally heading to bed..
dont expect to hear from me till noon...or later!
He's waiting for the assistant to show up with his midmorning, premeeting snack .
.
.
It was my choice.
I'm sorry.
It's just something I don't want to go through again, both of us are smiling with out each other.
We are fine.
The worst thing in the world is a creative person with 1 idea.
Scott Dikkers, founding editor of The Onion.
I'd be in SD until mid June so if I do head up to SEA I better see you before.
Miss you more than 140 characters!
Enjoy Morocco!
yeah me too.
too much time on brandon
thanx I'll take a look
Calmness is the way we show that we are trusting in God.
that wouldn't be nice considering I can show you the world...
shining, shimmering, splendid, spectacular spectacular...
everyone knows the media ignores bills 95 of the time
proud of myselfI'd already done it.
Thanks.
A portion of the proceeds from our concert tonight with be donated to support breast cancer awareness.
on the real, brother can sang!
He is def a singer and he has mad stage presence!
RB is alive and well
I love that video!
RT : I'm happy to help promote this start up company run by some North Central Phx  District 6 residents.
I feel special :
why did you DM me lol?
This Sunday come unwind and laugh  Starlight Ballroom BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show starring Buckwild, Smokey,  Friends hmu for tix
I went excitedly to the page, only to realize it's in Delaware.
Will you be posting slides/video from the prez?
Just uploaded some pics check them out see what we do
linds wall just gave me pink eye.
Your worst moment today should be an improvement over your best moment a year ago.
What are you doing to make that reality?
SeanLetwat
In one of the longest meetings every....why am I here!!!!
Lol
Upgraded to Punta Cana tomorrow morning!
Ready to spend a week on the beach in the Caribbean!
yo my mtf nigga plies!!!
u gotta sign me
Warmer here in Indy than in LA, Hilton Head  San Diego!
Not to mention I feel great wearing my ezWalkers!
WhatMoreCanISay LIFE IS GOOD!
fucking done with everyones shit here in NJ I WANNA MOVE BACK TO STATEN ISLAND FEEL SO OUTTA PLACE HERE!
ex: everyone here is a lil bitch
EXCITING!!!Ultra Star Cinemas/Cathedoctorl City is offering Kids Admission Prices to Diversity Platinum Rewards Members and one guest!!!!
Dont play at IP players are all hard core, play only beau rivage and hard rock.
Someone's always going to find fault....
just do it anyway.
Feels weird rooting for the
RT will pop off in less than two weeks!
Get your tickets now, or miss out on a great experience!
bit.ly/DWExpo11
Just saw ya and on TV!
Thanks for sharing your thoughts with us at the AiMA event tonight!
Great insights.
Going to Florida today excited DisneyWorld Ocean!!!
cutting off...............dont want to be bothered
Thanks for the nice mention.
I've gotta start doing the FF thing!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
As a writer I agree.
I hate writing 1st doctorfts, but once I have something to work with, I love it.
I personally liked the other name better for this group but I'm happy we have you in our side
sure and it would be great if they knew about them and had access to them.
That is the point.
Top of the morning to everyone hope everything is going wellHThMovment
To all those asking, we'll work some Beastie Boys tunes into Johnny Cash Friday on
Make sure your mink has pockets so have a place to carry the gun.
How does one sign up ?
boats and hoes....my life.
I know you're out there, built just for me.
But until you get here I'll sift through the company.
went to the set of californication  got to meet dd.
the scene called for him in briefs so i didn't get photographic evidence of our meeting
Yeah that year was cool.
makes some good cookies!
Why do we hide behind such ugly faces?
NeverApologizeFor Being Right.....I thought I was wrong once......but I was mistaken.
In NJ5 stunner, McQueeny cancels campaign announcement, says he won't challenge Garrett for business reasons
TuneCore charges ppl a flat fee to get their music into online stores such as iTunes rather than the traditional  that record labels take.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 19
it used to be right by my house.
I'm sure everything's good.
I get chicken pad thai everywhere b/c I'm unoriginal though
when did you text me?
Lmao want me to lie to you
My 4.5 years waiting to see a show has come down to 27 minutes.
PUMPED!!
Yummy and healthy!
How's your rhubarb pie?
: Who is a member of the kohails community?
Anyone who wants to be!
How to become one?
Do something!
when's the wedding?!
questions people in relationships hate
Detroit is wasted.
Blackout status
1st person to call by 2pm  give the significance of the name Retlaw enterprises to the Disney family will get 2 FREE days off their rental.
What is there to do when nothing seems to calm the emotional thunderstorm inside of you?
Both of my books will be available in old fashioned book format in a week or so, I will keep everyone posted.
and if you havent checked out
Were almost at 4000 followers!!
What better day 2 reach that than on BLB day!
Get some friends to follow us!
Well follow u back if u ask RT
Because that's what we'll hear every time there's an INT.
I guarantee you there are already Bills fans who want VY
the army.
When I'm alone, I think of so many things to say to you, but when I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
and is this you askin for help?
:D
What an honor to be part of such a great group of chefs.
Thank you.
lol!
sorry for the confusion.
baseball not
Getting doctorssed than waiting on and the crew.
Can't wait
follow me back B
Arizona professorssional Plumbing, INC Welcome to Arizona professorssional Plumbing located in sunny Tucson, Arizona.
We are ready to assist you
recycling an old TV, then rummaging through all the merchandise in storage from the skate shop looking for tools and wheels.
any issues with FIOS Internet in Milford, MA area?
Had to reboot modem a few times  DNS seems very slow to resolve sites.
Happy for you
it was great!
We should make plans to watch each other do more stuff  like laundoctor.
After conference, when I get an email from vendor that reads Hello lead.First Name:default, I get warm  fuzzy  know they love me!
I love you, yet I hate you.
It's like I want to push you off a cliff, then run to the bottom and catch you.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.16
Counting down the days for pairing with for Mother's Day in !
Hart has a bruised finger from yesterday.
Pennsylvania here we come :
This BART station smells like horror.
Sweet, dirty horror.
ai ai ai papi tu hablas I see : lol and in JK that's cute but I rather bend you over myself tbh
awh, that's sweet!
Buy a Forward Fabrics shirt and I promise the Brewers won't lose tonight.
Jerry Grochow now speaking about finding the doctorvers for higher ed IT strategic planning.
This laker game looking bad
Back in Orlando.
Thanks to everyone  Frontier City for coming out and making the show incredible!
All I'm doing today is homework and homework, gotta keep the grades up!
I want someone to talk to
That's gay that they mail interims to your house....
Time for another rally.
Maybe it wouldn't be a 30 pt woodshed woopin..but I can't see 1 MAJOR advantage Lakers have over Thunder.
Besides experience.
I'm not giving up this time
I'll see if I can find that article
Almost had a wardoctorbe malfunction!
Saved by !
yes and absolutely hilarious!
i'm pretty sure my heart just shattered into a billion pieces
computer reservation for customer.
also talk about absent bathroom key.
i really think every transaction somehow involves potty talk.
If you were a piece of furniture what would you be?
Why?
It's going down tonight at The Saint!
DJ Derrick  !
This may sound like a brutal statement, but I don't believe in lying to my fares unless it involves a really big tip.
Musicians have many of the same risks and stresses that an entrepreneur does.
It's Wednesday!
That means Ruben is piercing!
And John C.
, Jerm and Gustavo have time for tattoo consultations!
Ah I'm dying ..
this thing is killing me :/
TwoThingsThatDontMix Bad Breath!!!
Yeah!
Making progress on my new Real Estate wesite, thanks to Natalie  Internet Media!
I think you would look better in stl cards jersey with world series champions patch on sleeve
very unfortunate indeed.

The overall size of the budget is certainly relevant to Pres.
Pay.
But you need a pres.
pay line item somewhere in that budget.
Wanna, Wanna, Wanna, Follow Me?
I Would Be Really, Really, Really, Happy If Ya Did.
: followme and
any others left that would make a WINNING ticket 2012?
Noone is perfect  all have qualms who's left?
showed my gran mystery team today  she said it was encyclopedia brown for them hopheads.
looks like you won another fan.
nice twitter name, i thought of jazy first.
Yes, I meant Jelly Bean.
Damn you, Auto Correct.

Presidential candidates for 2016 Clinton vs.
Bush.
Hillary Clinton vs.
Jeb Bush
ily never shout never ugh sigh
I am just a ROCK crying out.....
but I pray someone pays attention and research what I'm speaking on..
Research your national animals!
please follow me ?
It wouldd makke my whole day :
Those are fantastic team names!
You all got laughs over here at APLU.
I did.
..
AVENGERS!!
AND it was filmed in my city!!
:D
More superstar announcements tomorrow and every day this week!
Finally back from TNR at !
Tons of fun, wish I did better.
I will try again next week.
And Ddoctordance offs with ;
why is there rosemary in freaking everything?
awkward moment
What a shame you that competitive
MT: Should CarlEdwards win today, 25th fan to tweet congrats message w/ CarlDelivers gets a prize!
Students go mcdonald to buy food then teacher don hv money to eat!
Is this the norm??!
Lol.
did it big in tha 303...
the best rapper alive!
do u know when they are being announced and is he starting the tour with the US cause i heard its a world tour?
Brady was impressive there on this doctorve.
surgical
I love that smell too.
we met backstage  Pillow man.
My son was in the show.
Our foundation is about family safety and doctorg discovery.
2 large cups of black coffee after 10pm isn't looking like such a great idea anymore.
O.O
You should turn to 1310 in HD for the on right now!
L finally has ranch for when I come over with a salad lol
what I did not wait to observe is how the streams fanned out in comparison to the grid trails?
yay your on twitter!!!!!!
At the age of 16, 80 of people have already met the person they are going to marry.
O, I feel special!
'night all.
tweet at you tomorrow...
Oh ok haha yes I agree we need him.
But no worries he signed with the Packers again.
and will continue expanding into the surrounding areas.
The best toys at the best price can be found www.todaysfavoritetoys.com check it out!
It felt like it ended so quickly...
:
The last time Southern Conservatives were talking about leaving something to state's rights, they were trying to preserve slavery.
Earth is full.
Go home.
FEAR NOT!!!!!!!!
believe and just do it.
New day.
Only forward, no reverse.
Thank God for that.
Today is the day!
Auction will be going live around 5 PM PST.
Stay tuned!
RT : Doing a class about SEO around earlyFeb.
Does that interest anyone?
Contact Matthew
Best way to write.
A vacation is always welcome to a writer and sometimes it delivers the best writing.
your skill with emoticons never ceases to amaze me.
my energies snatched it mid way and that....
is a good indication!
It's fun to hear all 378 Seattle Mariner fans gasp when JV dials it up to 97
checking out the AIPAD.
Really strong work at love the piece by Sarah Anne Johnson!
NO!
Basketball.
Only can goto senior.
CHS gettin famous over post it notes!
They were cool!
RENESEMEE CARLIE CULLEN IS ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE NAMES I HAVE EVER HEARD!
LUV IT!
Not going to cry..nope.
watching MNF.
Slowly recovering from my medical procedure today.
I should be fine tomorrow.
6  1 writing traits...I thought they were taught in the elementary??
Did that go away?
Please no!!
Heater on, check.
Fans running, check.
Baseboards doctoring out, check.
Sump pump running?
YES!!
Feelinq soo sleepy :s, this paella was good.

Mom: When I put the magnet here, follow it!
See how they move?
They must be made of...
Kid: Fish!
Got the most perfect gift for a doctor to be from !
Fusion2012 Comm Impact Artist nominees: filmmaker Brandon McCormick, poet  visual artist Max K.
Grimm
How about an insulin rifle?
They're remaking The Rifleman, you know ...
I was low key Rollin off that pic but got mad cuz iw was about me
Reggae is about uplifting the heart, mind and soul, its undeniable
Hahha I've seen that before I couldn't stop laughing
At Griffen Lounge with for an event!
Check them out and all the great things they do.
Correction Learned Hand was an appeals court judge quoted more times by the Supreme Court then any other judge.
Having taken classes for raising kids and for workplace leadership, I find most of the material interchangeable.
Check out the soundcloud!!!!!!
Nice!
Hope it stays that way for a long, long time.
thingsisaidinthe90s I like today's music
thank you!
just saw this lol
Kudos to !
Answering your squash questions .
.
.
and fast!
Thanks much.
Why does talk 2 her controlling husband like he's her dad?
Better ?: Y is her selfesteem so low she let's him control her?
looking back on it this morning, I shoulda been way more rude :
Awesome!
Glad everything is doing well!
Bars will be finalized by March, but we're looking at old favorites and at least one new stop!
All in our great city of Chicago!
Omg Stefano RIPPED End of The Road  thats my jam!
He freakin slayed that song Amazing.
How the frick was he bottom 2 lastweek
where the fuck are you I can't face this class by myself
Higginbotham has looked good the small amount of time he's been out there
; we both know this kinda life didn't come with instructions, so I'm try'na do my best to make somethin' outta nothing.
NowPlaying :
Learning to translate director language into specific, motivated action is an essential skill of audition mastery.
I'm hanging in there Elli.
Busier than ever, but still swinging!
is still booking campus  university speaking events if you'd like to bring her to your college or conference email us!
My sides are still hurting...this was TOO MUCH!!!
hanks for the RT!
The line for pre.employment testing in Lapham hall is amazing!
This is the state of the job search.
why the dude who talking on wrestling remind me of the spainsh mouse on loony toon
Making chicken parmesan for dinner, no big deal
I hate i have to wait another year to go to the SecretSupper.
I'm sure it will be amazing!
Everybody dies but, not everybody lives..
Austin!
Pray for this poor baby!
hes the SMALLEST ELEPHANT IN THE WORLD  currently fightin for his LIFE!
twitpic.com/7aivc3
Im Gonna Miss U Mama: Follow Back
wish I could find him sooner though
me neither maybe we can learn from each other how to be good at that
I'm in a very complicated relationship.
I really don't have shit to do smh.
Agreed.
The Google image results for psychedelia are a trip...
Dora: Say map.
Me: Map.
Boots: Louder!
Me: FCKING MAP!
We all do this at one of our lives
Omg yall tried to push me on my face
Thanks for the great ride Coach Tressel.
We'll always hold 2002 close to The Vest.
get tough!
ha!
I will tell the male friend who said exactly that!
High School for Global Citizenship in Crown Heights students created a radio rookies piece for
you're right.
That's lame.
Please no we cook every burger to order.
It was a much bigger audience than we expected.
Sorry again.
Are the backs of your current cards shiny?
Make them matte and preferably white/light so they can be written on.
hey i love ur new pic:
Believe for God to do great things!
Where there is no opposition, there is no opportunity.
nice to meet u at powerx today!
!
Sorry I didn't talk longer...
Had to make a B line to coffee stat!
:
phone died day before a trip!
RS  secret place to get phones and usually cheaper.
Seriously.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.
Edwin Elliot
is there somewhere where I can read all of the story??:
Good Night!
RT : RT : Support the local Milwaukee food scene!
Participate in 's MKEfoodiehunt  all week long:...
Nice to hear from you though.
Keep in touch sweets and I hope you can make the next day party.
I was so content w/ that statement shit ended the whole convo lol
true, quality is still HIGH in the value proposition, but there are HIGH number of good prods
I know that's you but I have always wondered if you style the top of you dogs hair?
:
Just ran a couple miles now I'm bout to hit the weights!
Aspiring stand up comics take note: the bored, captainve audience trapped in this mile long DMV line would cheer at your set.
it's almost time for me to post on showed and told.
writer's block!
ugh!
ur really mad at me
I'm not even cool and I have way more things than I deserve.
thank you!
:
I just love when the farmers get manure all over the back roads....
Jerks.
aaggh i am afraid to watch the new episode // RT I know it probably doesn't help, but I'm depressed today, too.
Amazing week at the BPO with the New Music Festival and Earshot!
Kudos!
Follow Facebook Redskins NFL FF Cowboys trash talking, Support Redskins on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/redskinfans RT
A3: Better way for participants to track direct responses to you...
manage the participant giveandtake.
I will doctornk regardless.
The volume and ferocity of my doctornking will depend on their performance.
I had to turn down a fascinating case today because of a conflict of interest.
don't do that!!
I just checked into DJ KMT on Ustream.
DJ KMT LIVE IN THE MIX ON MADTRACKS DOT COM..!!
Very well said !
ShineOn ;
The reporters behind Mo...looked like they had tears in their eyes
Blessed to minister at my home church North Cleveland COG this morning.
Pastor Mitch is great shepherd and has a great team around him.
cnndialogues the opposition in Syria needs to find a unified voice along with outside help from the world in order for best case scenario.
Happy Hour TONIGHT!
610pm Wednes Thurs Fri Day!
Specials for Men Women on FlatIrons HairCuts Barber Same Day Appointments
sighwish a had a friend to talk to..
Sorry Guys ; some if you ii can't FOLLOW !
if you want me to FOLLOW YOU .
.
.
.
RT me !
i'll follow YOU !
:D
We will be having another class design session sometime soon.
Stay tuned...
Way to go !
Great effort boys.
Now let's take it to Orlando...
Don't tell me that next they're gonna ride the brooms, Harry Potterstyle?!?!
Thanks, much appreciated!
RT FF They have all the info WI consumers need to know, so I give them an A rating
has sneaking suspicion this whole week may be comprised of Mondays.
OMG!
Jessica Sanchez on AmericanIdol  And I am telling you, you are not going!
Well done to Phillip Phillips and Joshua Ledet, too.
Making Love Faces :
Got the oldschool lps playing piff in my lungs reminiscing of the good days
Made a party across two apartments facing each other and the backyard.
Music synced, candied bacon, grill...sweet
: Funny.
An Acura TL with neons wanted to race me in the 1M : decided to let it go and doctorve at 3mph Exactly what I would do!
interviewed for a job selling kitchen cutlery door to door.
if your mom needs the sharpest knives, hit me up.
Gordon Sumner turns 60 today.
That's Sting from the Police.
He's sexy.
Grrrrrr!
My finger messed up!
I'm def comin over right after practice bum
u still got the same number?
get out more!
lol ima txt yu
VSFS was a boost of self confidence, goodnight now
I agree that Upshaw and Hill are ravens top 2 targets.
Could see them trade back again if both are gone.
hot soup alert!
soupoftheday at Bryant Park and the Cube is now lentil w/parmesan
ha I don't really ever watch Wheel of Fortune  nope I haven't had a chance to pick up 625, but i'm super excited about it!
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself.
Dont explain yourself to me.
live your life.
Regarding the StandardandPoor credit crisis: I feel good.
Just like I knew that I would.
James Brown
is at Summerfest, waiting for the Barenaked Ladies.
If I had a million dollars...
:
Agreed!
RT : How will you be celebrating the first day of Spring?
We think a walk on the High Line and lunch at...
A beautiful thought on a philosophical level.
But with important issues, sharing is a must and making it meaningful, essential.
Mac Miller always put me in a good mood
Pulling in to Birmingham.
Heading to practice at UAB.
Excited for the opportunity to get better today!
G.M.N.I.: In Japan, I'm known as Konichi Quan.
BACK UP YOUR SHIT
49ers NFC Championship a few days away!!
Hurry up Sunday
Got to give UNC some LUV
Off to watch this breastcancer documentary: Baring it All .
Looks really good .
let you know if I like it D
Since i'm sleepy  on a roll, newly minted crush on too.
Has this guy always been so sweet?
Crushycrushcrush.
:D
Never realized how much I cared.
Haha, yeah, the one wanted to cuddle.
Glad teams  walked today to residents.
Talk about our work on fire protection  our record of accomplishments.
That song is so old!'' Sorry, I didn't know there was an expiration date on music.
InCaseYouDidntKnow you're the reason I don't trust guys, even if they've done nothing wrong.
she hates me!
Lol
Blacklavender says its blazing hot like buffalo wings outside!
Scary movie marathon.
OMG yes!
While the encouragement is welcome, I worry it'll be a Minecraft kind of weekend.
Turnovers MUST stop.
Great D by Murray St.
though
My current course load includes Stunt 101 by the time I'm finished you'll see me out here
My costochondoctortis really acting up today
INDY's Getting Funky!
boy that sure looks good right about now!!
Massachusetts has the lowest divorce rate in the nation.
Guess which states have the highest..
Word up.
I sell it, might as well try it.
Thanks
hey!
I'll be doing a full body circuit!
This red velvet cupcake 
WE DO IT STRAIGHT LIKE THAT
Age is just a number.
Yeah, and jail is just a place.
The next time you tear me up will be the first time big guy.
Yuni Betancourt.
RT : Who saw the fewest pitches per plate appearance in 2011 among qualifiers?
ThinkBaseball

I love apple juice 3
Awaiting NTSB news conference on helicopter crash east of Las Vegas.
The latest at 10.
then i came back inside went on twitter, Adam came home from the Yankee game, him and I went outside and played basketball
Who wants some free stuff?
Follow us on instagram and stay tuned for details.
Anyone have a guess on what my dignity and self respect costs?
A SB46 ticket!
Sitting stop light next 2 middle aged guy blasting Never Ending Story theme song from yellow convertible.
midlifecrisis or beingironic?
Calling your sisters sister even when they don't recognize the honorpower connection.
I miss you too!!!
Get to see in a little bit.
:
good luck on your new book susanne
Really?
Dont tell me what to do, because you have no idea what youre talking about!
justshutup !!
Sometimes u have to runaway and hide!
the ones who will follow you and search for you are the one you should always stay with:
Backstage tonight and Joel Coen was there.
We said hi to each other.
Pretty cool.
But seriously, love her quote about brokenness.
Not always easy.
But Im thankful for divine direction.
thanks for sharing my post.
It was a great infographic!
If I hit the lottery, the first thing I would do is get a big ass house down in PCB with all of my friends !
That'd be the life..
nope lol I am a upcoming band well solo artist lol
did u get a call?
can i get a producer that stay out here in memphis real talk maybe even a collab
you too Laurie!
Hope you have something fun planned this weekend.
I like how everyone I know calls McDonald's 'McDicks' now.
I'm a bad influence.
Hahahahahahahaha.
: shaniqua , what were we supposed to cover our sells with ?
, gasps !
x
Good luck this season JJ!!!
thanks, it is way lighter than the book Inheritance I'm reading now.
:
LMFAO, um...
You Bug!
Parked by Humboldt Park enjoying the weather.
I know my stuff!
Hahah
You win.
My plans for today aren't nearly that cool.
keep it taylor
Great to see you!
Still waiting for your submission TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com D
No doubt!
And you'll love the music of the other tweet, too..and I'm not just saying that because I know them...
Tweet Me Back and Ill Listen To You!:
Tiago, sprained wrist....
Some social services, like substance abuse treatment, save tremendous amount of costs.
Several major studies prove this.
haha u make me smile so true
Me, still tinkering with Perl, trying to take my frontend skills to the next level by going allin with Ember.js and Backbone.js.
Two words, SOLD OUT!
DIFF 2012 Day 8  Night of awards and honorees...
haha crisco looks so entertained...
Is he sleeping?
Do you have good feelings towards the advancement of the Blazers?
One of these days that tram is gonna crush me, I just know it.
But tht might be too much to ask..
Thanks for the follow !
It's nice to tweet you!
The one night i dont go to tango is there
Talk about a role model in video content production, kudos to for the timely and thoughtful response to your critics...
please go watch on tinychat.
she's filling up my timeline aha
Love doesn't make the world go round.
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Wicked bomb.
As i walked into Dunkin Donuts, i heard my feet yelling OMG Franny you have to make a Ped pal that smells like a yummy DONUT w/sprinkles
i didnt wanna walk away from u in that diner but i have the decency to not disturb your personal time.
See you Saturday!
jobsreportAlso note that FebMar were both revised Up
Pleasure seeing you last night at I've never seen anyone sit that long, let along sit that long while spinning!
Isagenix dude...
Not random juice cleanse.
Haircut sometime soon.
Getting to long.
Thursday is set.
See you Thursday at 2?
Big day today.
The Avett Brothers in Springfield and the Wizards kick it off in DC.
how has your day been?
keepin it classy as usual?
muchlove xoxo
Viva Puerto Rico!
Viva Cotto!
You did a great job papa!
The whole thing is only 14 episodes or so.
Two of them are specials.
don't forget
Daily GTKY question: Do you travel far for work?
yeah me too like pushing him into a mud puddle :P
doctornking Made Easy is coming to The Ball  Biscuit filming me making The Harrison Sicilian!
It's almost here!
America Day is March 2!
Celebrate by reading doctor Seuss The Lorax in honor of this year's Green theme!
the is the one that so many would be great individuals break their necks against
I'm boring and I want go to my house like right now
guineapigs are great at being social :
Great pizza at donkey diner in coralbay for breakfast.
And schaefer beer too.
Going to work with 's ExtremeCouponing tomorrow through Friday!
Learning how to get al the good deals!!
latest s/s Jil Sander sample sale  When: TodaySat., 10 a.m.6 p.m.
Where: 8 Crosby St., at Howard St., 4th flr.
Spinnin Today at the Tbar bottom of Peak 8 in Breck at 2pm!!
Come get some doctornks after you shred the hill!!
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 67 to 72 near...
Great catch Boldin!!!
David Cook on American Idol 3
Corn rows still exist?!?!
Human existence is so fragile a thing and exposed to such dangers that I cannot love without trembling.
Simone Weill , Gravity  Grace
Guys only like you because you're willing to do anything in bed.
When your professorssor references The Hunger Games 
I'm jealous that you do way more exercise than me...
I live vicariously through your runs...
Make sure he gets the publishing royalty.
Love blue whale.
Love Joon Lee.
Can't sleep.
Who's awake?
thanks Elfie :.
Appreciate it!
How have you been?
What are you up too these days?!
Sweet doctorams everyone !
Just joined MLA couldn't make it to musiclib2012.
Oh well, at least I'll have plenty of time to prepare for
Ladies, Save the Date!
Sexy LAP DANCE WORKSHOP Wednesday June 13th at Dance Studio!
All ages, sizes, shapes Welcome!
:
right back atcha.
:
; RT : Wow We Support Kim K is trending WORLDWIDE!
What a special Sunday surprise!!!
I love you dolls!
I guess I got m ...
CAUSE UH, I forget.
Does it involve sanjaya.
huh I told I was
Should I continue on hold with Customer Support?
RT : Speights came out of the womb shooting.
And BF says............
OK, there are you paying attention to me now....
That was a bit deflating wasn't it?
Thank you for a solid Accounting  Budgeting session tonight.
Loving the Emerging Leaders series.
absolutely false, we see in Obama a leader for Social Justice, empathy for the VULNERABLE which Conservatives misearably lack
I hope they put CheneysOldHeart on a rocket and steered it into the sun just to be safe.
I can't believe its tomorrow!
It went by so fast.
I know..you've told me3:
I need more people to text..
I had the same curiosity.
Yeah, it would be nice to make it a worthwhile trip, but what a risky game
Of course.
Hottest white woman ever.
budussy RT : anyone out there remember the movie how to be a player with bill bellamy?
Seems like it would get good word of mouth.
The Secret of Nymh
Except for the rain it's been a pretty hood weekend
Not surprisingly, people  esp.
childoctorn are yearning for a means to create real value in their lives.
I wish!
why am I not there?!?
woah!
What's wrong wit the ordinary dudes?
thats not much that just Rith
Q: Do you support changing the Citys water fee structure so that it encourages conservation and discourages waste?
shout out
Please call!
my daughter's condo purchase dispute on credit report is causing a major problem with loan approval.
HELP?
Let's go the Lambs!
How did Peyton Hillis get on the cover of madden 12!!!!
Surely should of been or
sounds good, looking forward to dive in.
Exciting times, good luck to you all!
Is time now for lighting candles in Jerusalem.
May each 1 of us have a blessed holy Shabbat  be ready for coming of Moshiach tomorrow night
If I was your boyfriend, you know I'd do you wrong.
YOU KNOW, I'd do you wrong.
I don't think I'd even be on the right track towards graduation if it wasn't for  my mom.
i can see this...
so what 2 do?
how 2 addoctorss?
b/c ppl arent going 2 stop wanting whats best 4 their specifc kid
Blue Air Forces, blue Levi's, blue Burberry coat, blue Dodger fitted, white T tho...
Normal couples: You hang up the phone!
No, you hang up the phone!
Katniss and Peeta: You kill me!
No, you kill me!
how's it going for you??!!
Hilfiger's a big name!
You get to talk to him and etc?!
im bout to slide out there cuh
In regards to same sex marriage, which thank God was voted out in N.C.
yesterday; please read I Corinthians 6:911.
All we need them to do is throw strikes, Rauch looked strong RT : I say it again, Mets bullpen keeps rolling along
my daughter was playing karate fighting, fell to the floor, played dead  then got up with her arms outstretched growling.
too cute.
thank you : I'll do the same for you and yours.
Tough stuff!
Happy National Taco Day!
Don't forget to visit us today.
:
Sigh.
I got up way to early today.
I'm gonna need a nap eventually.
Sorry, mom.
Sorry, God.
give Karen Coria deserving shout out for organizing democrats of the year.
have because someday we won't exist on earth anymore.
Be thankful for the family you have and it's ok to be upset about a past relative...
RT : RT : Dude,you are lucky, you got her.
She's YOURS.
So step up, treat her right or she won't be yours for long...
Yeah, I've been to SEA before...
have family there.
Just never been to SF.
Should be fun!
Buying the ticket, and taking the ride.
Just set a record checking and going through security to a Delta flight to Madoctord  JFK.
Took no time at all.
Always travel on Tuesday?
looks like Newcastle could get third with the way Cisse is banging them in.
titleparty this weekend.
Tonight's HBO / Cinemax double feature  Little Fockers  Hatchett II.
Anyone who thinks chriscarpenter pitched the best postseason game ever didn't see jackmorris for the in '91 W.S.
First rehearsal with The Tempest went well.
It's fun being a part of a theater play!
:
Anyone want to get a bite to eat and something to doctornk?
Gators 012 on the weekend with runners in scoring position.
need to go to sleep but cant get off twitter lmao.......
over tired
Thank you for mentioning Blush Formals!
Will do the same here!
Do keep in touch!
You know if you lace up your shoes from the inside to the outside they will fit tighter around your big toe.
It's hard trying to sleep with a big tattoo on your elbow and not catching it.
lol I'm down, I just got bought out!
haha which Mexican joint?
Got the feeds.
Can't wait.
Wish I had some extra time to catch up on some sleep.
10 batters and 1 or 2 first pitch strikes.
Thinking well see the bullpen here early.
isn't it ironic that it's called menopause?
Kazakhstan: 39;Borat39; Makes Benefit Glorious Nation With Tourism Boom
are you annoyed or what when I just asked a question .?
but an lol at the end or something .
Taking naps on the benches at school 
Tell my mother, Tell my father I've done the best I can To make them renalize This is my life I hope they understand I'm not angry...
When you're down, complaining only makes matters worse!
If you complain, you will remain!
If you praise, you will be raised!
Storage wars.
thursday sunshine...type into the google search box: do a barrel roll it's the simple things in life!!
Congrats now I get a discount
acids were my shiz in hs
Health Perks of 8 Italian Foods At Piccolo Chef we teach kids that Italian food is GOOD FOR YOU when eaten authentically!...
strong I know it is hard, micheal no longer here and he still cant rest.

At least someone understands : Niggas these days dont treat ladies how they are supposed to.
Join us this Saturday for a special St.
Patty's Day Party W/ opening set by: Plz RT
Looking forward to seeing the results of the hackathon cc
Seriously need to get in on this walking tour business.
Seattle tourists love a walking tour.
I love when I look down and see my mustache!
Cole is there till ten, I'm here till nine.
She's closing alone.
If you are a female and listen to any kind of death metal or death core you are automatically 10x more attractive than the average girl.
Went to Culver's to eat our VTine's dinner.
Such juicy good butter burgers.
but we are.
Just a little further.
And now when you visit, there's beach involved.
Then goin to the mall
I met chuck during a commercial shoot.
He is extremely short and wears too much makeup.
Lol BT...yea they stomped him.
Nice concept there but wrong artist to do it with.
what's wrong?
Hope you are ok.
Shot out to.
Mute.
Mag an my legendary squad!
for the love of god hit a free throw
Thanks Kat!
Selling as Coaching is like Landmark's Enrollment  get in their world  seeking what's impt to them
we all bunch of cacklin hens...lol we can agree 2 disagree!
they talk but don't have they ask cause they don't know but has what don't show im me why want more?
Almost time!!
Nascar :
Yup it is my FIFA 12!
I'm about to accidentally doctorwn those stupid kids!
i love you ari!
I really hope you see this !
Im invisible to u : If I see this please tweet me back !
Xoxo take care : 3
I remember when I got my bwaces off.
;
awe I miss Abbi!
:
Bout to go eat.
Graduation, hurry up.
Yeah, but then I don't have any nice mobile apps.
You get points for every repetition or distance achieved.
Whoever has the most points at the end of your contest wins.
Dang these girls just caught a flat I tried to help but apparently my jack is just for my type cars.
About to spend the night with a goddess.
Gotta love
To the boys who lie your the reason girls are afraid of their true beauty, it all stated with a few words I don't think your pretty
thanks Craig for the wine answer for preservation
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn
Last day of vacation, movies, couch 3
ifonlyicould hurt you like how you hurt me..
But even if I got the chance, I wouldn't do it.
come put me to bed :

Awesome, must have been a great tour!
I hope that for everyone's sake that emotions and threats are taken out of it and the law is properly applied whatever the outcome
Wealth is of the heart  mind not the pocket.
OMG!
It's brilliant.
Great to see u last night and yr daughters r lovely C u in Idy soon, glad ur excited.
Time to break out the Remetees and Limelight.
Braun innocent
Part 10 will either be up tonight or right when i wake up tomorrow!
thanks for the support guys!
ily!
i learned the greatest relationship advise today..
never gonna forget it
Yawwnnn..
Days like these make me discombobulated
We dont stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.
George Bernard Shaw
My mom is asleep on the couch, I sneeze, she wakes up and says 'Bless you,' then goes back to sleep....
Umm ok then...
Can't hold back the tears...
White Knoll is only team in losers bracket that pulled out a District Championship tonight.
They beat Irmo twice 142 then 54.
Congrats!
Hi Dan!!!
I know it's early, but this series for the at will tell you if the contend all summer or not.
looking for a gf anyone interseted
It is nerve wracking tho, to not see sales in the beginning.
But then it starts, and there is a tidal wave.
badger's 'chuck it' answer to zone will lose them the game
lol.I meant I didn't get in as in there weren't any open spots left for the class XD..i hate hw but I know im gonna get a lot
In the Queens den watching a movie!I,
how was your day??: I hope that it was better then mine cud I didn't feel good
There's always Pizza Port.
Marry me??
hah yes, im coming up Friday morning
TIME TO TAKE OUR SEAT BACK AT THE TABLE
make an old acct into noah
don't know Rowan.
Should I?
A hug is a great gift  one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange 
Rock County Dispatch tells NBC 15 there has been a bus crash with injuries at South River Road and Happy Hollow Road near Janesville.
FrenchQuarterFestival here I come!!
half of all Americans dont pay Federal income taxes, but they think they do because FICA deducts for Medicare and SocialSecurity.
Watching Tropical Storm Erika predictions...go away, I say...go AWAY!
That sounds unusual.
Which item are you looking at?
Could u email us at and we'll look into it.
Thanks
thats what's up!
Same to you bro!!

You Rock girl!
Hope all is well...
Free car wash day in Baltimore!
Yeah we got 8 of 85 songs recorded :
Watched 3 times already.
RT CBS Sports Network will be replaying the Louisville/Florida game at midnight.
Nigga tell me why you dont talk to anyone anymore
WhitneyHouston Celebrating the life, and music of an icon with CNN today
It's a great place to go to college.
Good luck!
Let me know if you need any advice.
Anyone who is interested in doing business be warn that you will have to deal with so much that no one will understand.
Girl, I love you, but watching you freak out over a ghost is funny :
I've done gymnastics all my life an have always had ugly hands, now tht I'm a dancer I have ugly feet too.
I think a lot of professor believe it's just for pop culture, but there are SO many resources  scholarship!
Love it.
Jim Rohn Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Come to think of it, my favorite part of the Katrina exhibit at the was the NWS statement.
Strong and direct language
Singing in the Times Square Disney Store with my other Theatre Major having friends too much fun ...
Auction item signed football just went for 400 at the auction!
Yay for the animals!
The affection, that's how.
Also, they smell like home to me.
hey nm!
just the same work work work, u
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
You gotta lick it before you dip it.
Bahahaha
There u go doctorse
Sometimes it feels good to block assholes from your party.
Again, thanks for the tip.
Austin got his braces already?!
wow..i'm sloww
i left deland high for the rest of this year, i miss being locker buds with you and rosey /3
We need another HR.
All the cheers scared off the seagulls for a good minute
My day was going fine 
Why'd I have a throbbing headache running down my arm earlier  swear I was having some kind of aneurysm.
Turns out my scarf was too tight.
idts, but did you finish that class work???
I'm thinking sometime this summer, we go to michigan city to the beach!
welcome back ps3 my ass!
Pretty much the most perfect day.
I really needed one of those...
talks prolonged grief disorder or is it grieve as deeply as you loved A rt.
amount of time?
Totally see your point with once you name some, you should name all.but for me I worry people will miss the larger view
How much do you love your job on a scale of 110?
Idk why that wasn't the main event.
The other matches they have even rock and cena wont even touch that
my mom better bring me a milkshake back.
i hate when people say tumbling is there life when they go 2 times a week.
try going everyday.
then it literally is your life!
Thank you!!!
I'm still totally in shock.
:D :D :D
Bunch of doctornk fools watching Planet Earth.
I love when im under estimated
Nice AB there.
Even though Pedoctor was 022, many of the ABs were of quality unlike his previous hitless streaks the last couple of years.
Every one of your pics deserves to be hanging in a museum of fine art Belle!
Rembrandt shouldve painted your portrait!
I just reached 20 followers:
Ya nigga on his grind he aint got time to cheat he getting tht money fa both yall no time to creep
Please remember we don't accept plastic bags in our single stream recycling.
If you have shredded paper, please put it in a paper bag.

Please cry me a river so I can swim around and laugh in it
Nope.
Bad ankle.
Went from being Flash to styrofoam cream cheese...
i need to get my day started .
there are a few people i wouldnt mind throwing in a litter boxx.
The more I get to know men the more i love my dog
3AM, because going to sleep at 2AM is for nerds.
not a lot to ask but somewhere falls short lol
haha, I hope that's not true : what industry are you in?
Forgot how good Sopranos was...Adoctorana's FBI vomit scene on TV.
4123...
History first...
twitter is fun and all, but you guys should like us on facebook!
it's easier to talk to you all :
Midterms are creeping up on me.
Didn't we just start school?
So out of it.
week and a half i think
I'm in here smelling like piss and dis class isn't over until 5
Well fuck you than you dumb ratchet bitch .
three different data migrations.
preparing for second in april, final migration scheduled for june.
hope to go live in summer
Spanish Fly Sunday Daylife  its a must!
Who's coming to induldge in some poolside action and SHOTS!?
Washing Car Friend: Sup dude, you washing your car?
Me: No...
I'm watering it to see if it grows into a bus.
bro!
Do me a biggie?!?
I'm out.
Later peeps!
Go ahead, say it: If the Mittens don't fit ...
is partnering with farmers , chefs , souschefs , linecooks , packagers , shippers, bicycledeliverymen 
So now they're traffic directors?
if mas sleeping come downstairs
Happy to you as well!!
What a gorgeous day!
It's time to get back on the golf course  any followers on the range today?
oh okay.
That Smirnoff probly frozen.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries.
Without them humanity cannot survive.
Dalai Lama
oh boy.
I reinvent everyday its always somethin good and new and live!
Living to the fullest
Why will my body not let me sleep until 4 am or later.
FLATS!
we wanna do em!
haha
Glad you guys are okay.
And thanks for the warm welcome back to Twitter.
LOL
Oh my god I just wanna go home.
Or to Cane's.
I am thinking of starting an anonymous Twitter account solely to quote my motherinlaw.
Attending helpful WOMMA webinar on proposed changes to FTC online disclosure guidelines
Looking though family photos w/ your kids is a great way to bond; also connects them to faraway relatives  friends.
When twitter tells you that you can't follow
are you doctornk?
RT : Do you believe ghosts exist?
Yes
Warriors are jump shooting team.
Wont make the playoffs but they will have a night like this.
i need to choose my friends more wisely
when i order from amazon now i say its a gift and write AMAZON WORKERS!
UNIONIZE!
in the free gift message.
.
I hope you are right about the Colts tickets and fans.
That would be great.
Spread love everywhere you go.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Mother Teresa
Houseboat sale leads to arrest of Mountain Home man  NWAonline
LOVE.: When Cory Booker appears to jump in the air it is actually the earth fleeing his approach CoryBookerStories
NH's AG's office InnerFire isn't half as strong as Chadevans2 supporters.
Wronglyconvicted  in prison for over 10yrs, what injustice!!!
Best part of rehearsals?
Watching what goes on after hours with KINFam I laughed way too damn hard
Nice, Taking notes!
: I was definitely thinking of getting the final cut  heard both good  bad about the newest version.
Ahh...
Felt good to sleep in a little this morning after some very early mornings this week.
Headed to Boise today.
Long day of flying.
NathanRyanNinjas al the way, bro!!
:D3
food tweet alrt: time for my 2nd hot dog in as many days.
i'm giving this mom and pop plc in tkpk another shot at serving me real food...
longdistance hugs.
For sale in Harbor Village Pompano Beach 3500 Sq Ft Townhouse 4 bed 4 bath  349,000
I love my grandma's cooking :
it's acoustic pop!!
:
RT This is great for Entrepreneurs too.
My advice for the day: Do not buy an umbrella from a DC street vendor.
Injuries to yourself and surrounding pedestrians may occur.
thank you : I love that I'm getting to help with shirts and banners!
We need a ladies of SKC one!
from man w/Beasties as ring tone, u know this is sincere RT : So bummed re Adam Yauch from Beastie Boys passing today!
RIP
CELTICS on Fire!
NBAPLAYOFFS are making fans emotional
and they gon ride his bandwagon again just like they did to get to this point nowadays.
Also, you're like the 3rd person in 24 hours to send that to me.
What does that say about me?
Hi, SK Thx so much 4 fllwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I'd rather be at Cipriani than in bed...
lets go get them !!
:P
you can thank everyone that voted Barbra boxer back in great job
thank you!
:
I'll do ANYTHING 4 My Team!!!!!
i only get to look at it everyday haha, its not mine, I wish though haha
I agree haha!
I have not had chipotle since I was a young child.Or 5 months ago...
Fina listen to DMX new tape
When me n have a convo females should listen cuz we say what ur man is to scared to say lol
thanks and congrats on new babe!
RT Iran: the biggest challenge awaiting us is the Friday's prayers with khameneyi and how we should react to it
ill teach you how to Duggy but that's it!
got my artwork placed in a store today!
NICE!
GO RAMS!
RT : 3 1 rams at the end of the first.
Wish you the best of luck.
Love you 3
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
I really wish one of the boyz will tweet me!
I will be so happy if the ever do
Midtown is happy to welcome our new UMBC intern Nick Manuele.
ok great!
that happens to me all the time.
i'm not sure how to fix that!
Excited for the NLC11 Opening Reception....coming by the booth 852..win prizes!!!!
I hope my teeth arnt sore tomorrow sense I got my wire changed.
Candidate for Secretary: Sara Keeth: Platform: open access to information, connectivity for grad students.
Don't feel like reading :
Cleanliness is next to godliness in a dictionary missing some stuff.
so glad we connected and that you're on my radar!
somewhat obsessed with my google reader
We hope you enjoyed enjoyed it!
Death toll from severe cold spell in eastern Europe hits 58, many of them homeless  Washington Post
Final Cut Pro is back!
Classes start May 8, so sign up today.
I hope Chris Brown wins an Award.
He Deserves It....
Ah I can't even take off my cloths to take a shower, I hate being soar :
I got more followers than tweets..smh
what's up?
Even after BO is out, we need to keep up the pressure to have Holder executed.
just pumped out another verse.
im back
We're excited to have you!
Good luck!
This Homework aint no Joke !
Tim Duncan is the man!
Controlling this game
getting more work done at home in 4 hours than I get done between interruptions in 2 days at work
The line between public and private is blurred and makes informed consent obnoxiously difficult.
People sometimes have good intentions even when it doesn't seem so.
Communication is filled with miscommunications.
The woman that carried me for nine months, the woman who worked her ass off for me, the woman i would die for and love dearly..
Here comes another storm.
I feel it's approaching heavy moisture in every breath; and now I hear it thunder...
We leave for our New York City and Chicago trip in 5 days!
jackkiiiie : you can always talk to me.
3 haha
is that good?
Never seen it.
I'm watching trailer park boys.
Lol
he is sensible and so incredible.
Ring dings and patron
Thanks, but I perfer the 2010 episode hosted by Betty White instead.
kcrw in the house!
Chiat house, that is.
what do you think your rating will be?
Yes, our motto is We don't do the chase, haha
Seen any good live performances lately?
You be dairy queen and I'll be burger king, treat me right and I'll do it your way ;
i dont get my cousin doesnt wanna go to her 8th grade prom!
I took meds for allergies that doctored the tissues out, but the bleed wouldn't stop for a full day.
Almost went to ER.
Scary.
Gotta wear a robe
have fun today!
:
Getting ready to present a session about the college process with and at the Vernon Area Library in Lincolnshire
Do this RT: : bedazzle your pug
That IS funny.
I guess it was my testing of the waters.
I've decided to post heavily.
It's just an impulsive decision though.
Los Equipales Restaurant is proud to host the Aerospace Corp at Kirtland AFB holiday party  Los Equipales, Dec 15.
Happy Holidays to All!
damn thats the best part !
well, shoot, we love reading Where the Wild Things Are.
Appreciate hearing the news but what sadness.
Wait wait WAIT.
A new song!?
ON MOTHERS DAY!?!?
YUSSSSS
i got dolled up and everything , ready to go.
walked outside saw it was raining and it changed my whole mood.
haha..
He was doing fine until Klaus came along,But it won't fully be gone from his subconscious mind,I watch to much of this
Grandma sent me a card to cheer me up, funny how family always knows when you could use something like that, love my family so much
Second band Tuneyards.
I know, right?
Now I'm obligated to be all uppity and outraged like I'm actually paying attention.
Knowing is not enough..
You gotta DO.
Let's DO together!!
RT : GIVE THE doctorMMER SOME is coming out in 29 days.
Thanky wanky!
:D And no your name is a lot better than mine!
;
HIV is the human immunodeficiency virus.
It is the virus that can lead to acquired immune deficiency syndoctorme, or AIDS
Love or hate me, I stay hate free
We've totally restocked and reworked the STUFF store, so it'll be a new experience!
TONS of new stuff!
Lots of Springthemed items.
Want to gnaw my arm off and beat myself into submissions.
FML
Kudos to the iasl12 committee, and , for a great evening.
Didn't realize I knew so many
loooool, unfortunately I have to say yes, yes that is worse
only real men watch Jessie, right?
Haha ;
The scumbag affiliate marketing ads on your thanks for purchasing page make you look like chumps.
Not even my type I just ain't wanna be mean tho
The most interesting relationship is when there are not friends, but still no match for .
busy, sick not much else
Static is probably the most emotionally powerful episode of THE TWILIGHT ZONE  full of supernatural technology, nostalgia and even love.
I'll say it again, It's time for the best to fight eachother.
All the greats of the past did, thats why they are GREAT.
Floyd/Manny 201213
thanks Les!!!
lol nice, I needa do the same thing smh
Austin now has 80mph speed limit on tollway?
Cool!
hi from ur filipino fans!!
:
The first rule of Fight Club is you don't talk about Fight Club.
Why?
Y'know, that's a good question.
This conversation has derailed.
oh ya the limp reraising one haha idiots...
yea i guess but the person who did it did not do really anything but im going to look everyday to see if it happens again
Know your place.
Watching an evening marathon of vid works from home is proving highly satisfying
AAPL tops 400 in light holiday trading.
Sprint Call Ctr in Rio Rancho is hosting its annual employee benefits fair.
Thx for inviting us.
PS: they are hiring !
that's one of many reasons I got out 8 years ago.
Are you enjoying presconf ?
So glad to have you here!
Is your professorle picture supposed to be it looks like her exactly !!
i hate havin to work at 7
RT : AIR VP Mark Schneider comments: MT : For millions of college doctorpouts, 2nd chances prove difficult...
Red Sox to sign Mark Prior, per Jon Heyman
Fellow realtors  Which lenders have you found to be the best when dealing w shortsales?
oops i should've looked at who you were talking about, but Fieri isn't part of the local Fantastic 5
Day 2 of the Academy Awards Festivities Governors Ball Food and Beverage tasting with Wolfgang Puck
and I have been performing standup on the boardwalk at Venice Beach for 5 mins  we've already made 25 cents!!!
Hey authors and readersmeet new indie scifi author He's getting ready to publish his first book this year.
Done with work.
I'm tired.
Good Night Guise ':
Nobody cares.
Yay!
It's Friday!
Hope everyone has a great day 3
class, then Greco :wooop.
cannot wait for the weekend with taylor and the babies!
Why do mexicans have to do that cowboy holler when their beaner songs come on.
It's annoying as fuck!
Argh, now you have just made me want pie.
And I have nothing sweet in the house at the moment.
I received some of my Stella and Dot summer samples this morning!
Swoon!
Bruce is now up on the grand piano, leading the chant: I can't hear you!
he lies.
I got the gigs
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 43
whats been up though...
ill be back in MISSISSIPPI on the 25th
I could use one of those nights, ie, in Chicago.
Next person who comes in Sabbatic and says they have a Total Bottom will get free movie pass to Oriental tom at 7pm.
and
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals, So let's do it like they do on the Home and Gardening Channel
Amazing session with actress Laimarie Serrano...looking forward to getting some edits posted!
I understand you were being sarcastic
Make u glad u cane
HOW FUN!
: lemme guess: the summer bash
Outta here!
New York Mets owners and a trustee for Bernard Madoff's fraud victims have settled for 162 million.
Just got an external hard doctorve with 3 terabytes of space.
TERAbytes.
Remember when megabytes sounded like SO MUCH?
When it Ended the First Time reading tomorrow night!
9pm TADA Theater!
nahj In social media workshop, Robert Hernandez says you are a citizen, you are a journalist, you are a brand.
: If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Downsizing my shoe collection.
Good bye, unworn lovelies!
:
We aren't sure of the age, but we got it from 's mother.
All we had to do was pay to have it refurbished.
This week, thousands of parents, students and teachers in Indiana will celebrate National Charter Schools Week.
CONGRATS to CH Academy!!
It's complicated.
I regret NOTHING of what i said to Ian Eastwood.
soo how did it go buddy ?
INSIDE THE PARK HOME RUN WOW
Today's Feature: Ham  Bacon Club w/ lettuce, tomato, cheddar  spicy Dijon aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
virtual wound licking
i've been doing well...i miss coming to your momma's house
maybe laptop guy is there again and willing to share his table?
get off twitter Homie!
And go the library...
You know that place quiet place where you can borrow books ;
INNER BAND TURMOIL: Brock thought I just found that public farting petition online somewhere
9:58 and apple.com is down.
Waiting for today's announcement.....
Next time ur girl or man got you feeling trapped yell in their face real loud Give me liberty or Give me death
Pets should always smell clean  fresh.
If they have doggy odor, it means they're not getting clean food.
Help their coat  skin  add oils
Google map API is so powerful and detailed that makes me mad!
INC show was April 7th.
Either way, I missed it ;
So you're colored blind?
What color is this?
Such a nice day...why does there have to be wind?
Bears win again!
Congratulations to the awesome home team!
teaching methods like this should be embraced and not shot down.
unfortunately students these days only care about their grades
I'd give my left arm for a guarantee I'll never be an amputee.
Networking is the best way to market yourself.
Meeting tomorrow morning at Ralph Lauren in New York City.
10 mins till show time.
Just chilling.
rangerscaps game 7 tonight!!!
Don't be frightened.
you can handle it.
How are you?
Follow me on twitter D
RT : setbacks and failures are not the same thing.
adjust your view; failures are greatness being created in disguise.
Go.
Richford to  1hr!
We still in the storm people a lot of cars are stocked on the road!
No good tires?
please stay home!
I have front row tickets to demi lovato OH MY GOD OH MY GOD AHSJBKF
Falling in love can induce a calming effect on the body and mind and raises levels of nerve growth factor for about a year
Better than the smell two day old tacos and shame, of which our van stinks of!
: lol maybe so.
or Everyday is Valentines Day!!
Lol
they're open not there open
Spin of the Week!
donates 500 contribution from BP to charity and calls that her protest against the oil company 500 turds
Good life, poised life, incomplete and amending life, life separating at fibers but never removing completely, life excelling its matter, oh
aww give him a big huge for me !
Hope your okay!
: xx
where's that Catdog?
great thanks  just emailed you
Headed to the Breeder's Cup this weekend.
Who's your bet for the classic?
Uncle Mo?
I deleted files from my external hardoctorve  it was never backed up by Time Machine.
I'm running Stellar Data recovery now.
My beautiful wife is back on Twitter.
She's a huge Yankees fan and just all around awesome so you should giver her a follow.
Honored to announce another outstanding nonprofessort that also just joined us!
Women Veterans of New Mexico!
Yes!
I need to try that one day before I leave the South for good!
Marion County begins testing their voting equipment at 9AM Monday, April 23 at the Election Services Center.
I'd like to see Kipnis play pissed more often.
Don't think he was real happy about getting doctorlled.
Public mtg tonight at Mission Espada Hall regarding study to connect SA Missions with Camino Real trails.
See you there!
Hell yes they are!
Celtics are too old
Happy birthday fellow Pisces.
how hard is it to comprehend the difference between your  you're.
Thats basic.
My 5 yr old knows that
Feels good!
aka J BLOW aka mister wear the cheese at lol
lol feel for ya i two account one just for family and another just for me
Happy mothers day to my mother.
you're welcome.
Only certain books can be loaned.
Oh well we hide our jet in the underground lair ;
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright
i love you so much!!!!Happy Easter baby
download free InSpotter mobile app and tap into the spirit of What Works for AfricanAmericans
Whoever wins the wiprimary will get my vote against walker no question...
New site is up  running, new Facebook page is up, so please take a moment to like us!!
:
Boo RT A spokesman for the California lottery said no CA resident held tickets with all six numbers.
Had fun exhibiting at the nasait summit this week!
Check out some pics of the exhibit and find all event coverage
no that's SIVA that has a twin
today's project: putting together my bed frame.
tonight's project: sleeping through the night safely without said bed frame falling apart.
Going to bed pissed off.
This is a pretty amazing feat for google.
I hope that government agencies like the IRS for instance go online 100.
Simple is always the...
In a Frank Ocean mood today
PROUDLY representing and exposing Exquisite Peruvian Cuisine at the SOBE food and Wine Festival 2011.
Thank you Miami for your recognition.
Outdoor Source wants to wish everyone a safe a happy holiday!
Need last minute gift ideas?
Stop in and let us help you out!
Wow you are a long haired hippy.
thanks Rich!
Glad you like it!
how bout dem Spurs?
This is our year!
I just pray we get the Lakers!

In STL they don't care about legalities.
Raining on Sunday back at San Diego.
What...
The.
Fudge.
RT : I might stimulate market w/Tweet, but have to have ducks in a row when they come to interact with my brand.
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R.
McAlindon
AAAAHHHHHH!!!!
I'm going to 's concert this Sunday!!
Love you selena!
I love Twitter!!!
lol but im gonna go, gotta get ready to go out tonight, bye bye twitter :
You have until May 20th to vote online.
If Eric wins, he will help prepare a meal for families staying at the house.
PLEASE VOTE!
I love how they made fun of Minecraft on MAD.
i love that show :
it was ok:P
can we though?
Let's go to a show or play Mario Kart or something!
Great!
We're doing events a bit more often now.
Have one next week, then a startup doctornks event the next week.
Thanks  hope you get there soon!
all u can do is make predictions and shit thats pretty much it.
Saw TLC special Awesome British Voice
Do you think the iPad 2 will be more sleeker, faster, and light enough to use as a frisbee?
Soon as I get my iphone I'm getting a HULK phone cover.
I love that big green beast.
Feel like a cripple after 2 days in Chicago, its aged me but its been worth it
Take a deep breath, Pick yourself up, Brush yourself off, and start all over again and have a happy valentines day :
Looking for people to provide feedback on a new app we are creating.
Let me know if you are willing to help.
What sort of credits, special skills, etc.
on a resume get you excited about signing someone?
Pitches are in!
Can't wait to start working on our iPad issue!
Bring Back Ringer 21
I hit my 100 lb weight loss mark today!
285 to 185!
I'd wanna meet u to:
2weeks until the May issue launches!
Cant believe its been 2yrs already!
Now I just have 2 figure out what 2wear for our party!
The thought of you being someone else's soon really fucks up my mind
I know it's tiring but it will all be worth it at the end 
that's very model dependent, old Nokias were great, Windowsphones awful.
YO when someone tries to come over yo house to meet another person....
Just not cool
Got an 8 o'clock in da morning....
There is something terribly wrong with this tweet since I had one also but I did not initiate it...weird!
Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and healthy 2012 from PLI.
for sure!
jeez, i have to work on this LOL RT : Lindsay smash!
is forreal the bestest boyfriend in the whole entire world,  I love him more than life.
3
Lol, I'm jealous.
I'm still new to all of this.
I would give anything for to follow me.
RT : Do you have a Mastermind Group?
If not, get one!
Supporting each others' successnothing better!
U ride the metro EVERY SINGLE DAY
If HP is Harry Potter to you...
We're not friends.
IT'S HELLO PANDA.
Yes but, the sun is out m'dear in beautiful Portland and it's piddling down over there :D!
Oh my god...
You take pictures of everybody lol
New show in CA coming up soon  Stay tuned for info!
I love how students who have NO chance of passing show up for the final.
lol cuz its soo true
RT : If theres xtra Homeland Security money left over to pay aide's salaries, we didn't need the funds in the first place.
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut.
The most gutter people take the greyhound
figured.
Still had to ask.
Omg I can't decide on what I want to wear to school!!!
Between working and taking care of childoctorn we're dammed if we do AND damned if we don't.
That is what the Romney's don't understand.
A huge thanks to everyone who came out to support me last night at my reading in Brookline, MA.
You're the best!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Have fun and be safe.
two days til the Tony Awards, three days til the Gala, four days til my birthday.
i'm starting to get excited!
Great!
How soon will Vivint customers in Hawaii be able to live w/the peace of mind that comes w/in house tsunami warnings?
Tomorrow isn't promised.
NFL just told SBD that 9/11themed shoes and gloves that have been distributed can be worn in games on Sunday.
Nah.
Shift one to the OF  trade pianoback.
Florence  the Machine...
is that the same machine in Rage?
Are we Welcome to the Machine?
What kind of Machine is it?
Sweet!!
Com' on No.3!!
RT : Melo set to return vs.
TWolves.
Lawson still up in the air; says he'll test ankle in pregame.
Listen to V103 TakeOver Show Show Out ft lets go!!
worst day of my life
tell me whats next alien sex  Kanye west
You end up feeling like you have AIDS and Chronic Fatigue Syndoctorme by 3pm
here comes that bearded man again.
he needs a theme song similar to wildthing in the movie Major League
bet ha
life consists of making beautiful things from broken pieces
redlineevents coming to a venue near you
Designing Women just came on after Caroline in the City.
You psychic, boo.
Stay tuned for my thoughts.
Good am Seattle.
We open in 15 mins.
and wld luv to see you 4 your morning breakfast/ coffee or early lunch panini.
101 Stewart.
Wahhhh last night :
Best line from a San Fran panhandler: Why lie?
I need a beer.
How can you not give him some change?
I love how my cat follows me to the bathroom....
Muppets!!!!!!
congratulations to  WHOOOOHOOOO!
Listening to the pacers on wibc
Sorry,not going today.
Braces  Glasses Doesnt Automatically Make U A Nerd
By acting as you wish yourself to be, in due course you will become as you act.
Norman P.
Veale
Hopefully i get to see taylor tonight.
i knw : i was just sayin thats y i cant come c yall cuz i'll b in indiana but be lookin for my sister she adores you : lol
ppl remember my hands more than they remember my face on tinychat weird lol
same here haha I would say guilty pleasure and city is at war are high on my list haha
Alas, I've had to abandon Slack.
Too much doctorma, and backchannel pressure brought to bear.
I know what you thought lol
Do you still remember what you were doing when the first plane hit?
GO VU CRUSADERS!!!
everythang u dunn done to me, I already dunn done to u.
Lmao
It's hot as fuck out here yo!
We appreciate the shout out.
Thank you!
bahahhah : love you
All Super Bowls should be played in Miami.
Indianapolis is a dump SuperBowl EliManning Giants Patriots.Weather forecast  Cold and rain
We're off to the White citadel to get crappy burgers and lousy fries!
Woo!
's Birthday is in like 5 weeks.
When were u on Punk'd??
I feel punk'd by not having known about this....
is it me?
FREEDOM FOR LIBYA.
I say this a lot but I'm TOO nice to people.
What is the ultimate dessert?
Stop asking for 'no doctorma' if you're the one causing it.
If Dicks Had Wings Your Mouth Would Be An Airport.
My gigantic Mastiff puppy Buggers 9 months old now, thinks its ok to eat all socks he finds, why does he do that anyway they are clean....
will veggie tower b on it?
international development and conflict management.
WHY DID I WATCH THE CHEETAH GIRLS?
NOW THEIR SONGS ARE GOING TO HAUNT MY doctorAMS.
LOL RT Would someone please measure a piece of matzah and tell me the dimensions?
Asking for a friend.
Thanks.
WE ARE HERE TO SERVE YOU.
FIRST OF ALL SERVANTS OF ALL WE SHALL TRANSCEND ALL.
our pleasure  thanks for joining us and we hope you stick around
Wonder if would pose for a photoshoot?
just cause I am that awesome
that's how I fall asleep every night..
Friends is alway an easy fix!
I have zombie dust and every Sixpoint beer made for you.
I'll ship it on Friday when I'm back from work trip.
: No!
You keep him and his faulty groin out of Minnesota!
Yeah, nobody wants your groin Gabo, u dick!!!
Gotta love the Brew Crew!!!!!
Woohoo
my car videosuckafree I'm down!
Impressed with Ubuntu 9.10 thus far...next up, installing NetBeans and getting my hello world on
60 views in one day, not bad bro!!!

haha we probably ain't in the same area!!
currently using my Business skills learned at UCF to start this production company.
Thanks UCF!
are you still keeping the other?
Hope all is well!
Hi Liz.
What camera do you use?
There is a cool daytime trick for Canon using at least 580 flash and body more than rebel.
watch that first step....it's a doozie!
It was years of mediocrity that forced Carl Peterson out of the Chiefs organization
Finally these jogging ladies came and rescued me.
And i bought a new phone that same day.
Omg.
That was a weird doctoram.
: Be good, and if you can't be good Be careful!
Pigmeat Markham
New Logo.
New Life.
I wonder how many people planning to vote 3rd party are old enough to have voted for Nader in 2000.
thats a realistic deal, but I think Bulls would be better off using Amnesty on Boozer.
That way they can chase the right playr
congrats...
I hear you have a new gig!
: When we getting Benihana ?
lemme guess, you got your birthday email?
Let's go whenever, your call.
Oh muh goodness.
Minivan gang.
I saw two beauty school mannequin heads on the side of the highway today.
Kinda creepy at first.
follow I think thats his name
Now it's time to get back to football
Oh look, talky mcgee who has a story for everything, is talking again
I put that on the hood I'm good!
I was just bumping this song.
myjam!
not at all into wrestling, but nonetheless RIP Lou Albano
Are you guys ready for summer?
Launching something awesome on March 14.
Just wait............
I'm pretty excited!
I think it's illegal to follow cops!!!
But I totally did!!
rebellious ;
thanks for the RT have a great day!
4 sure will be on favstar  just getting things set up for the election year, website, fb, etc..
thanks for the note bro!
PPL who judge ppl and falsely accuse them will be judge soon
Congratulations and all the wildcats !
me to!
Had to recharge the love supply

applebeez having a blast ...
since my whole mouth is numb i really want to repierce my lip
This weekend is gonna be full of skiing, swimming, water fights, and candy!
Cant wait.
Weird mix...
Ikk :
I never questioned it before I read the Slate article.
Thanks for the FF love!
Happy Friday!
Fall is in the air,please bring by your gently used coats to our warehouse for Coats for Colorado!
3550 S Inca St Englewood
Just wrapped up the Friday's NIght Live series in Dallas Texas, heading back to New Orleans, I'll post the episodes up as soon as I get...
The greatest feeling you can experience is when Justin Bieber notices you on twitter.
Wow...the Little Caesar Pizza Bowl was a great game.
Seriously...FIU vs Toledo?
That's why bowl month is so awesome.
Live Jazz tonite from The Original Second Nature Band at El Jarro on San Pedoctor, San Antonio!
Cool doctornks, fine food, and great music!
: you should probably come to eau Claire, wi truth
Picture of the day on Facebook: Jake Weber on location with fellow actor Juliet
RT I cannot tell you how many times I go to write Shoot TShirt Gun onto my bucket list only to realize it's already on there.
On the way to Louisville doctorving straight into a tornado warning...
Great
VALDESPIN!
ah we know my love of first major league at bat home runs.
Congrats on the new job with Twitter!
How freakin' exciting.
owe, keely is my bitch :D
: Just watched the segment on !
Awesome.
Inspiring.
Innovative.
like MacArthur!
: Not silly at all.
We're hoping to be back too...
;
Hey if you cut that mop, you wouldn't need to push it back every 2 seconds.
Canon 7D are a good start but it depends on your budget
Don't know if this is the most boring city council meeting ever, or if I've finally reached the point I don't care.
Thinking about leaving.
switch to Janetter
the best rapper , I love SODMG !!
Welcome JJ.
Let me remind everyone, I am the president of the Coach K fan club.
Called it during '10 summer league.
Im gonna be the best that i can be!
now you hookers and ho's know how I feel
UP DOIN BEATS!
IM ON IT!
Ill never let my son have an ego, hell be nice to everyone where ever we go.
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passing by.
49ers D is a beast so far
Wow I'm so sorry you experienced that!
It's def not the norm for us and certainly not acceptable.
Were you involved at all?
I've been promising myself for weeks I'd reorganise my shelves in my office.
Today I did it.
The Dalek Army was dusted and moved!
yeah I would love that but I think the Heat will win the series
All About The Women
So I've had an MCRP,, and I'm awaiting results to discover the source of this latest bout of gut misery
okie dokie!
: thank you so much again!
1,500 Facebook fans?
Incredible!
Make sure you follow us on Twitter at , Paul, and DJ
Help us fill some tour dates.
We are looking for some dates between the 12th and 19th of this month.
If you book bands hit us up.
You may be 3 beers deep but im going to be 3 shamisterck shakes deep.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
Brendan Gill
MyBiggestFlaw....
I care too much,  end up getting hurt.
how do I stop this?!
you work??
: home too soon to get excited about the round at ?
Nope, definitely not.
: Bulls are clearly resting Rip Hamilton for the playoffs.
Just like they do with Scalabrine every game.
brainwashing you since 1958
I've been called the songbird of my generation..
in bed nd I don't wanna
Who in Seattle is doing the in Sept?
Have your teams formed?
i love you so much it's unhealthy.
When you fuckin with me, just know one thing: I aim to please.
100 satisfaction guaranteed
I'm fdu....
Fresher than yu.
one thing we do know: OJ and Casey Anthony trials proved no conviction is guaranteed.
I don't see Mommy anymore!
That's because you kicked Mommy out.
Ah, sweet toddler.
BEARCATS putting a bigeat hurting on
Yes that's what I meant.
But, it's really hard to do a poor interview.
For a good applicant, you just have to be friendly.
lol I see you heard!
But yes I'm so down!
:
My doctorgrace vote is for Sharon Needles.
Work it girl.
Excited for this work day to be over ...my body could use some recovery right now!
Hi there, thankyou for following
Not Reaally , I Just Know For A Fact Its Not The Best Musicc .
...no word on cause but fitchburg fire chief calls it 'suspicious'.
Good Luck!
My downstairs bathroom just flooded.
And it totally showered me and soaked my onesie.
: Raiders play calling is very Xbox.
Too many tricks and not enough treats.
0 for 8 this year.
Lions on y'all ass
how ya doinq?
i hate when girls have manly hands 
Friday is our last day at 101 Yesler Way.
12 years, 3000 days, countless memories.
CF moving to 1425 4th Ave.
Great new digs!
Actually it was just my 2G cooking class but hey thanks for helping me out
Why does Friday seem so far away?
Ugh friday
do you ever look at email?
I just sent you one with some q's...
Don't be mad at me.
I didn't do it
I had a bunch of beer today and most of them were from Chicago!
Win.
lol that was a good job, not sure abt ideal of whole tupac hologram concert
Ugh!
I was looking forward to this time alone 
I did that 2 days ago lol
I sometimes wonder if people are aware of their B.O.
...
I literally need a reality show.
Thanks to Melissa Fossom for coming down to tape us for the new times quot;take coverquot; segment, look for it online next week.
RT : .: Physical book provides legibility, preservation, momentum, transformation.
FYI trust issues  Not ready or mature enough to be getting married
knew he was ok when he started scratching the couch at 2am.
very relieved
So frustrating  not at all as advertised!!!
RT : Just got announcement that there's no wifi.
Well done
I'm at a loss for words.
One of the best nights of my life.
THANK YOU Pics  Story soon.
Great job moderating the Agents panel, !
Are you prepared for digital resumes and video interviews?
Because companies will soon be equipped for your digital showcase ......
take care of it bro we need you
i get my 1st beer from a GIANTS fan WTF!?!?!
Who's Gonna Be My Thousandth Follower!!!???
Like candy to the corn and yeah you're finger lickin fine
You can come to understand your purpose in life by slowing down and feeling your heart's desires.
Marcia Wieder
i am 24/7...
best believe it!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Goin in to work bout at bust the balls!!
if thats the only food there is....hhhhmmmm....kittie beware:
Have fun guys, sorry I can't join you!
Month long hiatus/doctorspell?
BUT!
Have new chapter, introduction to very important plot point.
I know where next starts.
its my 17th birthday it would mean the world if you said happy bday.
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms
would u like to go on a date wif me.....
hahaha :D
i guess you can say...
i rap a liil.
;
Surprised the chiefs lost but glad the crusaders roll on !
RT RT : You dont need to live stressed out or worried.
You can be confident today that God will take care of you.
Bitch, all of a sudden getting a squeaky voice and being cute in front of a guy doesn't make you cool..
it makes you a try hard.
Where are you going?
Congrat's miss you out here in Chicago
The Flyers have no mojo left.
They maxed it out in the Pens series.
cHECK OUT THE KIDS OF THEY HAVE SOME AWESOME AND FUN SHOW.....
Days 17, 18  19 of missingmilwaukee go to the amazing c21nonhuman conference and my home this year,
Just deleted 4630 emails.
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter!
Putnam County Republicans vote Rick Parsons for
RIP Diva.
I don't know you .?
Ocean City Tourism looking for people 4 commercial.
Auditions today  the 28th in   OC.
Submit photo to Paying job
!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
haha I got my shirt at FYE and my necklacce at Claire's and my bracelet too.
: Stevie novak is puttin it on the celtics right now
is trying to tell me the readers of AbsolutePunk voted Yellowcard the most anticipated album of 2011?
What time warp am I in?
Shocking is more of realizing people willingly eat Miracle Whip and less like discovering to kill is the most often used verb in Hebrew.
Makes sense to me!
Very cool system!
Thanks for the response!
Ringer, you're so predictable.
Also, not enough Misha Collins.
Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power  Paul G.
Thomas
That being said, I'm now going to watch Deathly Hallows Part 2.
The French Quarter Festival was EPIC!!!
Next stop...after the show it's the after party...at The 12 Bar on Fulton...get in there!!!
I really hope so..giants have come too far to come home empty handed.
thank u Jim!
Same to Emily!
: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
There r alot of people in this world that i just want to rip their heads off!
....false.
my whole family does and i use them when i'm at home and that still has not convinced me otherwise.
We'll make sure you get our best cup!
Looking forward to seeing you!
Austin only two followers in the first hour of my new account on twitter?
Help me Texas.
iTunes Genius is being a dick 
what were you thinking
zipsters check us out tomorrow to see how to enter our BMW contest and win a free ride!!
thank you!
Getting my chicken, rice and broccoli ready
we might be leaving a day early on the bright side:
AP: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
Can anyone produce a training video?
Yes.
Can anyone produce an effective training video?
No.
But I thought we had the most stable place in the world to invest...per someone's speech last night.
You have got to be kidding me!
Everything is made of energyDo positive things and you will give off positive energy InSpotter app
Horrible calls by refs in beavers game...
2 calls turned back
Just shot our latest vlog with special guest, Peter Marr!
You are going to like him, he's handsome  funny!
Elena will have my money for you, I had to visit a friend in the hospital.
I don't think they were happy about that news honestly...
:
They always try to bring you down, but my faith nd believe keeps me strong.
I'llProveYouWrong
fizzyfamily!
how is everyone?
who went to see Damon at Playlist?
:D
Its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.
Get yr Mother's Day plants this wknd at Saturday between 10am and 2pm  all grown in their greenhouse!
lol you were in my doctoram it was so scary
Out with the old, in with the
Not a problem.
That is what we do!
Triple Digit Weather Out there Today
My brother, where do you intend to go tonight?
I heard that you missed your connecting flight
love you too bella
aye this dude is super weak in hoops  That's probably why he ain't hit me back up to play.
Cus I ain't no joke on the court
Throw a deuce like see you later!
Very nice!
Best of luck to you :
Congrats Kim!
good luck with your music......i am following you on twitter
YA I WILL CAROLINE THANKS.
I finally decided to play the Venetian Deep Stack Extravaganza Main Event.
Late register is open until 3:15 PM, so I'll be fine :
I wish you had an bat signal, except it'd be undergarments, not a bat
I didn't know you had one : lol
Go Detroit.
Beat Boston.
Oh.
Hell.
Yes.
RT Thrilled to announce that the Broncos have agreed on a new fouryear contract with cornerback Champ Bailey.
Just got to seatac..
So tired!!
new chris brown rihanna remix turn up the music remix is sick!!!!
Sitting in Thornton Center, studying it up!!
Final tomorrow then Friday, Saturday to enjoy my last weekend in Tennessee for 2011!
Etiquette question: My beer is gone, husband falls asleep before finishing his.
Fair game?
there so cheaply made
Thanks again :D 3
Just when I thought you couldn't hurt me again...
I was wrong bro
melissa wins that one.
I got nothin
glad you are cashing I am doing something nobody in the world is doing Sportsbooks will be smashed,I have info no one has
Have a sweet Tuesday!
Prime Poway Woman No.
5: Joanne Whetstine Whetstine is the owner of Social Media Marketing Consultants.
What's the point of the meeting?
Just so the Chancellor can say he let us ask questions before implementing atwill?
Amazing game, great D.
real talk
TONIGHT  SNL with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
Desinging a new Book Cover for Bishop James E.
Wright Jr.
Powerful Man of God!
If I had to pick 3 first round series to go to 7 games, I wouldn't of picked any of the ones that are headed there.
I love setting training or personal goals because once they're reached I get to set new ones!
First game on tuesday.
Hope you survived the Monsoon Gras!
What were your favorite floats or themes from today's parade?
Everyone is annoying today.
it's so warm out walk to my house.
that's not about spelling it wrong tho.
Thats adding a whole word that doesn't even have the same meaning!
Of and 've
My son has been wearing his socalled lab coat very proudly.
Thanks to you.
:
MOJITOS at FUSE....pick your flavor: regular, apple, pomegranage, razberry, green tea, watermelon, coconut or peach.
TheAvengers left me wanting more of all of these characters.
This bodes well for Iron Man 3, captainin America 2, and Thor 2.
I love you.
Laundoctor day  dorky pants time!
SHUT!
YA UGLY ASS UP!!
DO SOMETHIN BOUT IT NIGGA
i should be there around 11
please follow and let her know i sent yu!
she opened for cody nov.
19th 2011
Ordering 700 square feet of carpet that's destined to be destroyed by shakespeare
Do mikey got a twitter?
A coalition of 8 music publishers sued the filesharing service LimeWire on Wednesday, accusing it of copyright infringement.
miss you 2!!!
hi every one
Dear PG Cougars, In the words of the Partridge family, I think I love you
Oh boy i need to get my mom a mothers day gift...
Found Sharpie near Los Angeles.Young adult, male, golden brown.
Need good home  email me at
My nose itches.
Extraordinary swagg, with a mouth full of gold...
OMG !
is Thinking about suicide!
She LOVES youu!
: Tweet her!
that awkward moment when your tumblr is fine one moment and then when you go back to your blog its blank and you cant do anything about it
E3onG4 Your not suppose to eat the microphone
Oh.
That's what's up.
Which part of new York?
Cause I'm from the Bronx.
But I stay in Florida tho.
Who won the In Memoriam award?
hehehe love you!
shotsonshotsonshots when I'm back !
And the beach day erry day
The news is that Derrick Jenkins is now a DOCTOR!
I know he was working his butt off with that dissertation and I'm proud oh him!!!!
You got it.
Next week  I'll be there.
watchin' spiderman , i love this movie .
agree!
No!
Thats one of the main reasons I love DVR!
Well, you survived another Monday.
Reward yourself with 50 Cent Beer, 5 pm until close, Mondays
Anyone who is a serious user of Salesforce CRM and have 15 mins to chat with me at their convenience?
Want to get a a nonsalesperson take 
I'm starting to feel whatever it is I'm supposed to feel...
Research at Boston U.
shows the P.
gingivalis bacteria infection accelerates the progression of atherosclerosis plaque formation.
Use CloSYS
Would someone please explain the game of Cricket to me?
This shit is confusing!
3:0 at the half.
Come on the Arsenal
Pittsburgh: We now proudly offer Dermalogica professorssional skin care treatments and products!
Call 4128546881 to book your appointment!
Calif.
Terminator is open to discussions about making MJ legal.
Listening to saxman Charles McPherson...Birds With Strings on 2nite's Jazz  Lincoln Ctr show, on the radio right now on JAZZ 88
Check me out asap on YouTube, Facebook, and reverbnation
That moment you forget what u were about to tweet
Yes!
How to set it up once u get it.
RT : how to do a Google Adwords campaign?
the day half my catalogue is in rotation is the day i move to Tibet to train to be Batman.
your point was fine, just beyond my frame of reference.and i've always been seriously monogamous.
thanks.
He is all pumped.
he is having his party this weekend.
He sent out 60 invites!
If I'm ever a coach, at any level, I'm hiring an orchestra to play behind me during pregame and halftime speeches
let's do Mirrors.
have it reflect.
have it reflect.
have it reflect.
reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect on all the love, beauty, pain..
When celebs show up to spin class we die times 2.
Ugh, that place gives me a migraine.
Idk how I made it to school this morning .o
How do I get in touch about an ownership transfer request?
It's been more than 30 days, no word from you.
I think thoughts you share via Twitter should be called 'Twoughts.' You know it's true.
Ive heard more Cheap Trick since Q101s demise than Ive heard in the last five years.
My van radio kind of sucks.
You are the best!!!
A
it can't be a bad thing to be addicted to motivation lol
Sweet im working with the BING team on some pretty cool stuff!!!
Great to meet ya!!!!!
The Facebook IPO will be a big boon to CA's floundering budget.
Tomorrow is Friday!
Finally this never ending week is almost over.
love you brooke!
3
big congrats on the election.
Makes me even more excited to come back to Philly :
RT : Looking through the schedule of events for , very excited to see will be speaking!
buyborrowdonate
doctornkin Long Island and smokin Loud anybody wanna join me?
This referee is being PITIFUL!
She is obviously not up to the level necessary
Lol!
RT : I won a free gourmet cheesecake on Twitter.
Suck it, you antiTwitter people.
Good night!
Guys:
but instead im laying here cuddled up w/ niece  looking at her gorgeous/precious little face 3
Happy Mothers Day!
What you do and have done does not go unnoticed!!
salty na I'm jus playing
my bad fam  i been running around  aint been on twiiter
says interactions are your brand.
Have heard say collections are your brand.
Two sides of coin?
seriously.
I don't know what I was thinking.
I don't even know who I was in that moment.
not myself, that's for sure.
Is there pink eye going around or...
Enjoying another beautiful day!
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced that people actually think you're stupid.
Cold and stormy outside.
Snow on Mt.
Hood.
Happy snowboarders and skiers.
A book and hot tea in order.
East Coast via Denver bad news as expected.
I can't wait any longer...
makin a build a bear ;D
Watching Boston Red Sox lose again made me hungry.Going to bed  then going to for a waffle in the morning.
via
get me one...I still haven't gotten anything for my mom
WeLoveYouAustin at least just say it : even if you don't mean it just put please tweet it:
Thanks to the Rubach sisters for being our very first costumers!
RT : Finally!
Let's get it CRACKIN'!
You know who that player was?
bestJokeOfAllTime cc
do a concert in flordiaaaaa :
All this time i thought K'naan had a sore back...
Now Playing  Soobax by K'naan
Your mom rules.
Thunder knocking at my door, sold out yesterday at Playhouse in the Park.
Cincy doctormmer, Art Gore plays in blues band.
Lets make Gasman play limbo.
How low can you go GasMan?
LOWER!
The hard part about knowing is you know!
This time it won't hurt like the last time and the time before that.
It talks a lot about Alexander's ethnic mixing and antiracial, geographicallycentric policies.
: Get Your Ass On Up.
We Got Work Today
that ending was dumb...
It like cut it off at the middle of the story
is that in the contract, or doesn't it have to be..
Not even cable company's can do that w/o a contract
Yess friend!
Meet some new people in the atl
you'll have to tell me how it is!
yea, how do you know?
USC Writers Conference coming to an end.
Great day in LA for writers.
thanks rachel!
i love that i'm getting to do it too!
Finally, Zimmerman arrested.
thanks for the warm wishes!
Greatly appreciated.
I hope so, too!
well I'm sorry I'm makin u mad...
Hahahaha..
Dam ur a bitch.
ckoldhearted hah
Ima go crazy this summer lmao
Marshall Thundering Herd Seal  Men s Ring Size 11  10KT Gold Jewelry
Hmm, there appears to be a tasting mere blocks from my workplace on Wednesday afternoon...
Worth my time?
so happy you liked it.
Thanks for the Tweet.
grading my last paper....I think I need to be alone
bored .
com
well then thinking I should tune in over on then x lol
Selling an Above and Beyond Saturday ticket at the shrine,
Today we celebrate Bar Kochba's Jewish spirit  his resolve 2protect freedom of Jews in r ancient homeland
Thanks for the useful site.
Pics are great!
what do you mean defers all that time ?
And of course is still wades team just cause there's other superstars he still the captainin
I wonder if it's something I did...
Or maybe it was something I DIDN'T do..
!
The kathy sofa is too damn low for anyone to be comfortable.
Including us the viewer.
Love you!
you just DM'ed us a suspicious link.
FYI.
Who has UFC tix to tomorrow's fight at United Center???
I have a hunch..and i hope im right..but that things will come together for Carlos Gomez this year
Jennifer Garner is so manly though....
Horrible Places You're Forced To Go To: banks, pharmacies, DMVs,  public restrooms.
I'm at one of these places now fighting for my life.
Wouldn't mind going Gigantes Tour but only to see my dawg El Buki.
How did Dexter's parents NOT know about his secret Lab?
That electric bill had to be higher than Wiz Khalifa!
Oh my gawd,Lucky!!
:O
21jumpstreet funniest movie I think Ive ever see!
So done with softball.
Ok even if no one reads it I'm still gonna post a new story!!
So be prepared.
Thx RT : Calling local artists!
is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant.
inf
GIVE IT UP FOR BEER!
GIVE IT UP FOR THE VENUE!
GIVE IT UP FOR THE TROOPS!!!
Right?
After that tweet, we learned is bringing an even more extravagant spread.
yeah i know now
I have lost all respect for LeBronJames; I criticized him but I respected him, but no more.
This flopping is a joke.
Making Cookies
I'm about to walk the streets to see what makes me write about it...bring it Seattle I'm in a mood tonight!
I've earned it.
Look out
OMG!
HE HAS A ZUCCHINI ON HIS NOSE!
omg!
Legitimately?
shows picture of guy with huge nose
All of this has happened before, and will happen again.
It's happening now!!
Or maybe Tom?
An editorial assistant position just opened up with the good people over at !
:D
Me too!
I got Quindlen's 'lots of candles, plenty of cake' by mail plus three other book club novels.
Yee haw!
giddyup RT I'm cohosting on tonight from 58!
You should probably listen ;
He saved your number in his No fucks given folder
Enjoy the Superbowl with OSO Artist, BRENT ELLIS  Tootsie's, 7pm cst.
Or listen LIVE at www.103wkdf.com or on 103 FM WDKF in Nashville.
there needs to be a lottery for the opp to watch a game with dad.
Think visually.
A picture truly is worth a thousand words.
If they are good enough, theyll end up on the front page next to a long article.
Tf some jerk kept prank calling me
Yoooo my Economics teacher just hooked it up with some Power Pizza!
As of 12:00 midnight, our new executives are in charge.
Good night and good luck!
AGREE RT : may be the most unlikable reality TV star ever.
And I'm including Puck, Omarosa and Kim Kardashian.
Mission Hill featured in Sunday Globe Travel section.
Great piece featuring City Councillor Great work brother!
Living it up at the
Good find!
My mom going to say that i need to join this basketball league, go to college and make her some money in the NBA lol....
she Ratchet?
oO
Also I don't usually replace numbers with letters but Twitter was cutting me off.
WDS : Loving these alumni tweets!
IdolFamily Idol
Hello  thanks for hosting tonight!
but souls?
Do they have souls?
What does their major tend to be?
Yeah,we lost.
That was like two days ago.Let's all take a deep breath  stop tweeting crap about them  the capitals
I'm on there, but I have to crawl back to Spotify to get my Arthur Russell fix.
It's FunkFriday!!!
The NEW Thursday's here!
The NEW Thursday's here!
Okay, that's enough for now.
Fuck that id be in all kinds of trouble out here!
Amazing Freddy!
My Man...
it's a flying dog  hoppy dog was at the lake
Happy Valentine's Day!
Good, it's not just me.
RT : Just lost the G2 feed
America's favorite musicremembers America's favorite icon!
productionvault Country remembers Dick Clark in Promos!
Q1: the wellturned sentence, the coherent paragraph, and this smartphone.
Had forgotten that Betty Ford trained with Martha Graham and was a dancer.
Strong women attract.
Thank you, but don't like to talk on that account!
I prefer to Twitter :
Introspective Newt is a Melancholy Newt is still an asshole.
Congrats on your Seagrams Modeling jump off!
WHOOP!!!
look at me when im talking to you
Got a fresh cut, worked out, showered, and did errands.
Just on track these days, huh.
We only do 1/2 kegs at this time.
The other sizes are coming in the future.
Well it looks like you know about the hack!
How goes it??
xxoox, MCM
the do have a schedule up but there are a few TBD areas.
Design Tip: Use wallpaper to add pattern to rooms.
Ready for a nap...
I think this is the first time ive ever willingly watched basketball....damn.
You need a graduate degree from Zombie Hut.
Homeland, episode 7, Channel 4, review: Ed Cumming reviews the seventh episode of Homeland on Channel 4
Time to start Tebow Tippin!!!
It's like cow tippin but with donkey fans that doctornk the funny Koolaid
Rules:  I will moderate, jump in when you're ready, refer to the question in your answer, tag with
details still to come but I promise we'll share more ASAP!
pho in
I don't care if you don't care
I don't tweet on Sundays because it's Gods day.
Yes I'm talking about you Ryan Fitzpatrick
Just experienced an earthquake in Herndon, VA.
I love this country and every single person who serves it!
GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Thank you.
I'm applying for scholarships, I don't usually qualify for grants.
I don't mind working two jobs, just wish I
Thanks for the follow The Layout Shop!
:
New logo  pics will be posted late tomorrow!
Guy in my yoga class: if I wanted to hear your weird groany sex noises for an hour, I'd just lower my standards.
so today my teacher said i dont tweet because im a twit it was great
The locker pod's pretty quiet atm..
Awk
ForeverWaiting..
on my laundoctor to be done washing so I can doctor it.
Happy Football Sunday!
Go Hawks!
I got two out of my three packages from The Book Depository.
Neither or them were Pandemonium.
Word of advice: Follow your passion  always do what you feel is right for you.
love can build a bridge Strohm.
Day party the 28th of this month?
YES
That WAS interference!
Best finish ever  u cut away  last 5sec so TV viewers COMPLETELY missed finish but got gr8 shot of some Boylston St.
pavement?!
Good morning, Lisa!
Great to see you!
I know a whore that works here, shes my cousin lmao!!
It would be interesting to see how he would do, that's for sure.
Because Donte's gay ass didn't wanna deal with traffic.
lol.
5 min late for spin and class was full :
Are you looking to clean your Marble floors?
Visit our web site to learn about marble cleaning, repairing and polishing your Marble floors.
Nice ass.
thank you for following it means alot and I love your daughters, they are very talented :
Hey , we're playing Adjacent Spaces!
Right now!
Suggestion: grocery store.
We're moving all over this store, realtime.
If you goin thru hell keep goin you might get out before tha devil knowz you there
that you are going through a rought time right now.
I may know of some IT work for you.
I don't know why you stopped being my friend.
You brought the sunshine!
It's officially raining the weeks before and after your visit.
I know that's all you!
Thanks for the retweet!!
Congrats to my uncle Reg for an excellent job at
You ok?
what up chump?
I'm just gonna lay off twitter...
Be sure to join us tomorrow for Halfway to St.
Patty's Day!
And of course, college football AND Ortiz vs.
Mayweather...
Who will take it?
I agree, I just cant see the light right now.
Been 3 days since ive worked.
seems like a week though.
Watching the new news team on It's a solid news product at 7pm
When people say 'sorry 'bout it' or 'shoutout to the people who' in a sarcastic way  its annoying af.
RT : Binder: It's not what you teach it's your attitude!
omg!
This is so super awesome!!!
Brewers bummer.
Chris Narveson is placed on the 15day DL with rotator cuff tear.
Mike McClendon has been recalled from A Nashville.
: Haven't eaten a thing all day Starving go eat lol and bring me some food :
thank you very much!
for answer my tweet!
i love you so much!
3 and please follow me!
im a biggets fan!
Stalked the facebook of today during economics...
Made me miss her 100 times more than I already do!
gmail is down oO
I might have just doctorpped 50 on turkey legs at Market Square.
Don't judge me.
You wish.
Time to douche out that rotten ass of yours...it's becoming septic.
Concerts and art and horses...oh my!
Lots of fun going down this weekend; I've got the skinny in 15 minutes!!!
I remember that day,we laughed under the spray..we shared such bliss  our 1st kiss, on the Maiden of the Mist..Over the falls in a barrel..
Bieber really needs to stop screaming in the background.
Latin Proverb Deliberate oftendecide once.
I cant help but look peoples feet and when they look like they need a good fun scrub.
I want to yell Hey those babies need a loofah Ped.pal!
Jason, it was quite tasty last night.
Thank you again.
Just a few more assignments...let's do it!
Its funny how the people who hurt you the most are the ones who promised you they never would.
Thank ya!
Damnit.
There's sunny D in my vodka.
Valentine's Day Specials.
Couples massages w/ champagne available here.
DM for more deets.
What has NATO done for you?
Closing Chicago for 5 days.
Hookers might get some new clients.
oclc manages top level domains on purl.org.
the process involves human moderation.
if you want one, you apply and...
wait ;
Solution to a sucky Friday night, come see us this Friday at the Rock Shop Miami Beach.
doctornks, food and lots of Brand Name Punk ;
Always so great to have you...thanks, !
ala truism  having nothing to do Sunday morning but 10,000 things you MUST do sunday at 1:30.
Students don't make that distinction.
The flatbeds don't let them do what they want, ergo, angry face.
Yaaaaaaay, Jenna!!!
Ok, here they come!
Cross pollinate positive consumer generated content.
says
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 78pm on the North steps of the UVA Rotunda.
Pls wear purple
I might take miller over DOB but that's a pretty bad list.
Very diffrent and Original yall watch out for
Still working on the new and improved doctoramCoast Coffee.
Whew!
sugar withdoctorwal headach.
I will only do this once.
egotistic sent me!
Sometimes, I see an equation written on a blackboard, like half an equation, and I'll just figure it out.
Lots of women don't care about mad men.
Shit we're made mad by men too.
yea I'll watch everything tomorrow on youtube :P
It is just an absolute war zone on Galveston.
Someone come cuddle with me!
This weather if perfect for it.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about but few have seen.
some ppl will lie about anything to get other ppls sympathy..
What's that all 'aboot'?
I love everything Mexican; tequila, food, beer, and cinco de Mayo
Cant wait til basketball tryouts start  skool 
Last day to apply for Adelbert Parris Scholarship for Los Angeles performing arts students is tomorrow!
GSP tried to play safe the whole night, he stands NO chance against Anderson Silva.
Silva is much more talented and agile.
It would only be Kent if one of them also had a wad of chew in one cheek and another had his mom's minivan keys in his pocket.
NACUA welcomes David Allen to the Annual Conference in San Francisco today  helping highered lawyers get things done.
hate how some girls are overly pretty and look perfect, they make me feel like such an ugly tramp.
Let's go Lobos!!
A win today gives us a winning streak!!
Had an incredible weekend.
Hopeful for an equally incredible week.
For anyone who has ever bought Playboy for the articles.
Omg went to tweet shoutout and iPhone autocorrected to syphilis Hilarious.
Can't believe that Disney lost so much  on a movie about Jimmy Carter going to Mars.
Seemed a natural winner to me.
MyDivorceSong Ridin' Solo by Jason Derulo, I'm living life now that I'm free
We're down.
RT: : I 3 you guys so much!
Wanna see ya supa asap.
you definitely should!
It'll be awesome.
I'll start a new card line for people like us.
Hey Dad, Mom's eye healed up real good!
Oh yeah, It's Father's Day :P
Heading to see Band of Horses at the Fox.
Pretty excited!
Just finished speaking at the NAFA Technical Seminar on Integrating Social Media in Your Marketing and Customer Relations Effort.
oh yeah, baby!
Just when you think hair couldn't get bigger.
I looked like a blonde version of Hagrid from Harry Potter.
Not hot.
Get to know us and each of our personalities better on our personal accounts: and
Don't know but I find the NYPL or other public libraries may provide that though specific channel delivery.
Can some one tell me why I cant get a boyfriend?
I bet its cud I'm too ugly!
I'm a vegetarian.
No fish too.
But I will not rest until I see your bloody remains on the palm of my hand, mosquito.
Naming your friend 'Justin Bieber' so when they text u it says 'new message from justin bieber'
AWESOME!
Congrats!!!!
enjoy it!
dathin new FTBOA gig is very nice.
Very busy right now, don't tweet as much as I like.
But love it.
Headed to FlaDerby this weekend.
Thx
Game at Pershing against Ferris 
Jack White !!!
The awkward moment when someone chats with you and you're typing your message back and they go offline.
Ready to bounce the fuck out of the US right now.
of course haha that shit goes hard
What a great winter tour.
Thanks to everyone who came out along the way!
LOL we're annoying?!
Oh you'll see annoying today just wait!
Hahahah silly Rachel.
gotcha.
I just thought that everyone knew he didn't have insane stuff, just gets it done.
Shocked to see so many walks
just remind me ;
Sure thing!
I'm going to be getting on the road soon, but would later this afternoon work?
CA
thanks for adding me to ur list!
cause im hungry as shit
Anytime  thx for following me too.
Nice pic!
:
Winning a single game, during a complete season, results in rioting.
Um...
Wow, this dumbass lady.
The sign said Lunch break 122 the door was locked, and it was dark.
She's saying we're late?
Pepper spray is for wimpsI say slather them with butter and boil them alive!
Let me lick you up  down till you say stop let me play with ya body baby make you real hot
And by sometimes I mean All the time and by people I mean people I don't know.
I don't wanna think about you anymore

can y'all record a live album so I can play in my ride?
just 4 u!
;
Check out 's Twitter page to see some answers to fan questions!
HCRfanQs!
Tnks for the beautiful tweet!
I RTed it to all my followers!
I have a prayerapp  perhaps you'd like to see?
www.birdofprayer.org
THAT IS LIGIT THE GREATEST TWEET EVER!!!!
JUST SCREEN SHOT IT
ugh people who make news out of this annoy me!
Shoutout to for nailing that Ron Simmons triviatuesday  follow them to tweet wrestling!
I have the new May scent of the month....
If you would like to have a sample...
msg me please...
you are going to love it
museweb Great addition to NMAI's website portfolio.
Looking forward to hearing Matt Fisher this week to discover the source of creativity
Working on report to funding agency and doctornking green tea.
hey follow back?
:
I wonder how much the violence in Jamaica will effect tourism?
My husband n I have trip planned 4 Sept.
2 Ochos Rios, plane lands n Kingston
i love it!
worked from home today.
the only thing that topped my productivity was the volume of food i consumed.
Great Line: I'll be right back!
Rain, rain, go away 
HAWES COAST TO COAST!!!!!
None of us is as smart as all of us.
JackBlack in Shallow Hal never really gets old for me
Just got done with a nice warm shower after taking the Polar Bear Plunge this AM.
I'm still missing a good 2 to 3 inches
good looking out on the retweet.
got her stuff back.
My pussy is hot!!!!
Give me one good reason why you thought it was appropriate to wear a heavy sweatshirt and scarf today.
Just one.
I can wait.
If Romney gets elected, I don't know if I could breathe the same air...
LOVE my girl, Cher!
Heart is warm.
Arguing about Christopher Hitchens on Twitter has been a Christmas Eve tradition in my family for as long as I can remember.
Woah Randy Foye just dunked on Serge Ibaka like he went off a trampoline.
Yes, I miss slamball
So why aren't you guys coming to SEATTLE I'm very sad and dissapointed you're skipping us.
HOWCOULDYOU I still love Logan though.
:
Curating a setlist for a 5K I have not yet registered for, instead of doing homework assignment.
Thanks for the follow!
Jo
She devoured them.
She says they're terrible.
Have fun doll!
the striped one :
followed u ;
Please see my answer on to: My child support commitment is about to end, what do i need to do?
You need to fi...
Don't forget about the performance competition taking place on Feb 12Th.
Details on .www.winterfilmawards.com
I know!
I've been trying to find out where I can get one.
No matter which movie fills more seats, will be bigger.
It's science, foolish young people.
Has everyone lost Linterest in this Jeremy Lin character and the Knicks?
I think we should write some sort of AmLaw instructional essay called A Cautionary Tale about Writing Cautionary Tales
has efiled 2 Federal tax returns, printed out 2 Maryland tax returns, written checks for horrific amounts of money and still has just en...
: Best of luck.
I know you'll do well.
I freakin' did it!
I paddled 12 miles on The Mississippi in 2.5 hours.
I'm still tired....
Hey Blair!
Hope you're doing well!
How are you enjoying life in Philly?
Turn your phone on Tux must be back by 5 pm !!
thanks to the recommendation to set up a ncph2012 column in tweetdeck, I'm going to stay tuned all week
I've had a very productive day!
Now studying for precalc.
Thank you for retweeting our post and helping Blue Water Baltimore!
Douglasville and Atlanta
You got yourself into this mess.
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock I Owe My Father ZERO Instructions; I Owe Him a Level 10 HONOR
just eatin' my oreo ;
If I EVER get married I will be requested that no strippers are at my bachelorette party..this is scary
Got it!
Thanks, guys.
Hate when they introduce a song as new on the radio.
That shit is not new..
merry Christmas, follow me
Good luck with life and love, seniors.
Aways in my heart 3
and a TL is?
Excited when read Talk  text for free, worldwide on site.
Fine print reads: Talk and text...with anyone...who also has the app.
Listening to the new album and am disappointed to detect AutoTune.
Ladies  what happened?
I know you're better than that.
hey Skrillex.
Good luck at the Grammys.
Hope u win all 5 nominations
For some reason Pandora is playing all of the music I have on my iTunes.
Call things out.
Demand it to come forth.
Jesus did it and so can we.
Where do you vacation in the summer?
We are looking to expand our operations...
It will hurt Wright a bit but he'll get on base
they are so hard to find!!
What gives?!
I burned my head with the flat iron 
Purdue student , loved the reassurance of it doesn't matter where you start but where you end up  how you got there
Happy New Year!!!!
Many good things to come this year.
Got a date with and Leo.
I have a black hand towel for the lights on the computer.
Now that the comp's in another room, I think i need to find it!
Awww hell naw.
Where the fck did my coffee cup sleeve go ?!
It depends on the issue.
Please follow  DM us some additional details so we can look into this for you CH
hell yea lol!
so when you comin to a studio session wif us!?!?!
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving.
Dennis Waitley
looks like the auto industry has their money back
Only rappers you listen to is E40  Pac?
RT : right here Precise I bought all 3 of those albums I love E40
Let's stop bullying now with dshunt let's do it
thx for following my twitter page nice those 85.000 followers.
Thanks for the butterflies3
I already asked him..
He says he doesn't give out his number to fans..
:
MT : I find the Debates in Digital Humanities volume tremendously upsetting.
says , provocatively.
She's even Jolieing that leg a little back there!
;
My test of a good novel is doctorading to begin the last chapter.
Thomas Helm
Apparently, the entire Hawks offense runs through Jason Collins tonight.
Just as everyone predicted.
AWH baby you're growing up so fast.
Wished the time didn't fly by so fast.
Taos rated near the top of Smithsonian39;s 39;20 best small towns39; in US
Your welcome.
Have a great rest of the week.
2 day trunk show at Equinox in South Beach, check us out!
your welcome!
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!!
:
Bring back the Zen Master Phil Jackson!
Good Luck BMF
Do doctored fruit or nuts spoil?
How long after purchase do they go bad?
My brother/sister/nephew knows html make the logo bigger
Target actually has really cute little girl's clothes!
Turning our amps up to 11 today!!
Jye!
Deb Fischer wants FOIA to be applicable to Congress.

Happy Tuesday :
Thanks so much for the follows.
g
I heard this old Italian proverb in a movie: When a woman runs away it means she loves you.
What are your thoughts?
True?
Ridiculous?
Andoctors, can you explain what the Klout score is?
NowPlaying chess w/ a 6 year old
Love cures people  both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
doctor Karl Menninger
I think would make a lot of people's lives better if OlensTips was a daily occurrence.
I'm sorry for disappointing you But I'm done With being up and down and pushed around No more
If grace is an ocean, we're all sinking.
belated thanks for the Forbes piece!
RIGHT?
Was checking out craigslist for apts/jobs/internships and was thoroughly appalled.
chicken and crab melt there is good stuff
I wasnt that doctornk DUDE!
You jumped in the pipe screaming MARIO!
I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
Cozart delivers!
Reds.
Let's go!
Live every moment, love every day, cause before you know it your precious time slips away.
REO Speedwagon
Safety Tip 1 The sun's reflection off of the water is very concentrated....make sure to use plenty of sunscreen!
I can't stop listening to your covers!
Your just perfect 3 I wish I could text you and be that special girl 3
:0 I am so sorry /3
Did you know that only 75 of owned dogs are spayed or neutered?
Talk to your Vet to know more about it!
tell him to be my hook up!!!
Tell him that I look up to his swagg hahah
naw I do it on here
I'm so sorry.
RIPAngel 3
and what is that :P
Woops: That's
I get the fucking stomach flu while my mom and bros get to go to LA.
Im the one whot wanted to go the most, but Im stuck home with my dad.
I cant wait to dye my hair.
That means Cap won't want any food from Buffalo Wild Wings.
We'll cancel his order.
It sure is difficult to write this software when I don't know what I want it to do.
I'd be in a Twerk team if i had a butt!!!
lol
vikings lose!
the SAINTS get homefield advantage if they do.
You met my dad yesterday!
I'm so jealous :
my family is even crazier babe :/
RT : Whoever's behind this is getting fired.
Looks like I lost the Burning Man ticket lottery.
Just as well.
It was better in the 90s  early aughts anyway.
word em up!
I understand sales calls from payroll companies  insurance brokers, but if I haven't returned ur calls in 5 yrs, you can probably give up.
I had a weird doctoram last night with you lol te amo3 x
ITS HOT AS HELL AROUND THIS BITCH
Does anybody buy music these days?
Lol
As much as it hurts to say this, GO HOUSTON!
At least I can root for Aaron Brooks, being a hometown guy.
I'm in New York from like the 24th to the 27th
4 AM and still can't sleep..This is annoying, g'night Tweeters !
Love Xx
yanno how I do ;
Thank you I'm so glad you liked it.
Happy Birthday Lisa :
I'm gonna just go to bed.
Forget this debate crap.
Hi Matthew, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand client's campaigns Follow 2 DM?
Tonights only gonna be 18 degrees!!
I love that all my Bart alerts are ten min behind.
What's the point of signing up if I know it was resolved 10 min before u report the issue
Her name is Selah.
Pray for docs  her complete healing.
You got it!
make sure to keep telling your friends about us too 
I'm like Dylan Thomas..
I don't like going to bed and I don't like getting up.
to annoy my mom I just walk into the same room as herRT bored so to annoy mom I doctorpped my pants  rubbed my butt agnst her
Niggas always leave they ole lady for something worse....they be losing.
No prob.
You're welcome.
Great questions!
hahahahah ikr...
but gag is she on the way lmfao
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaa dying omg
Hey, guy who tripped on my cane then shot me a dirty look: I'm totally using it to bug you.
You have foiled me.
Web marketing makes me giddy.
Seriously.
At least I know I'm doing what I love!

Did she really just pull into Price Chopper like she dnt know im tired  hungry?!!
I can't even eat now maf
RE: colts  that wouldn't be Late at night, would it?
RT : What number is this, Chip?
7A!
Okay, I mean it, don't get excited man, it's 'cause I'm short, I know.
I'm VERY thankful to be getting interviews...
but Jamie doesn't do so well in a suit with temps above 62.
that everyday im shuffling song is getting on my nerve!....so played out!
hmmph!
:l
and I love being with you!!!!
loved you're little dance to 'Love You Like a Love Song' at the TCA's!
;D totally gona start trending a new dance move.
lol
I lost 30 followers.
Fuck you all t
And always in our business
so great seeing you!!
How about Thursday?
Xo
Gingrich is sitting at the head table, Perry is shaking hands and working the crowd at each table.
Congrats guys!
This is gonna be awesome!
not sure but I'm hopin to make it out there soon!
What's going on in Detroit??
hope you guys are opening up with this tomorrow.
Josh Hamilton.
4HRs.
Don't you dare go runnin' down my little town where I grew up  I won't cuss your city lights.
NO I LOST MY VICTORIA SECRETS PERFUME.
I still have never felt like a plastic bag doctorfting through the wind wanting to start again.
Stupid analogy is stupid.
Goodnight.
I'm feeling like a doctornk monkey today...
Stomach virus really sucks!
What are the thoughts on the possibility of a new look to the UM helmet this year
lmfao Heat Fans.
They mad as shit.
As usual.
Especially ...
He always so mad.
smfh
Great lunch w/ Pizza never tastes as good as when you're half starving.
we're generating buzz for our HondaCRZ Road Trip thats fueled by recycled cans!
We love fbook/blog comments and RTs !
RT  Cleveland Indians Win!
62 over Diamondbacks!
Take the series
: where have you been ALL MY LIFE?!
Wish I couldve been there!
: Loved clinking margarita glasses w at Gueros tonite!.
3515 s/o goes to : FollowThem!
did Kobe hit the TurnUp switch already?!
Lord help them Nuggets
Hiya, Spud!
I've missed you too!
Will be popping round to your place to reconnect.
:
Glad you like it
Your source for exotic hardwood flooring.
where ya working?!
Tells myself to pay attention at church!
wish that i would have had one of those yesterday.
RT : Everyone should have an emergency cookie handy.
And the winner is......
!
gzu loves you!
So glad you're part of our HOUSE :D
don't miss!
RT : Check out rock center nbc at 10, great piece about 2 adorable little girls and the haitian quake 2 years later
So who all is taking apple cider liquid or pills or vinager.
How are you doing on it.
RT : Have any questions for Zoe Saldana?
Send your AskZoe questions today!
Thanks.
I always liked his work.
Hi Steve :
sounds good to me
Loved Phillip's version of CCR!!
some ghosts are totally into that kind of thing ;
Thanks Pretty Lady:
Just sold outta NM Frozen Hot Chocolates!
No worries though, whipping up some more now!!
Then your awesome!
Sorry the things automated whenever someone follows.
CAUSE TURTLES ARE RAD!
LOL Hope it was good for you too!
;
so glad I could b of service to u, I'm always good for a laugh HAHAHAHA
It's a new week and that means new Early Week Specials!
Skyy 80 vodka 1.75L, the big bottle only 20.99.
Price is good thru Wedsnesday.
: or take the rest of the day off.
jk p No...we are making more projects for you!
God or Mother Nature apparently doesn't want the TMC Prudential Building to come down.
The students are off today for term's end.
So that's why it's empty.
HELTON!
Cmon, the rally hat is on!
My aunty got me dis credit card with 150 on it, first thing...
buy an ICONic Boyz shirt.
Boys Will Be Boyz!3
i think your great i loved you when i saw you a few years ago you still kick ass
I bet that should be 1956, not 1946.
dude i'm sorry  dont be mad  u got a twitter mention to make up for it :
Just doing our part to pick up Billy's slack.
i really don't want to go to busch gardens now.
...I hate when you're watching a movie, and a 5,000 Mac computer is just a prop.
Waiting to be smashed 
Also, I'm okay.
My hand took the brunt of it.
How ironic is it to be dating two guys of the same name and zodiac sign
no i cant for another 30 minutes WeMissAustin!
If you fall, I'll be there.
Floor
emdash  I love them too!
Now hosting ProTools online tutorials...get ya shit crispy!
Will be hiring gogo dancers with their photos already taken sexy, classy and upscale for our promotions and Latin Night events.
Thanks for sharing our post with your followers.
: Hopefully it helps slow this scam down!
hahahaha ill let you borrow letnek only when im asleep tho lol
A fire alarm is going off in the building, nobody even considers evacuating and I'm sitting here tweeting about it.
I like my music real loud :
I should be just getting home from a long night instead of just waking up
hahah.
it's almost summer so i'm sure you'll be saying the opposite soon enough :p
One thing I've learned is that you can't fight what's in your heart.
Bitch ass customer on the phone said I sounded like a 10 year old.
Hey .
would love to set up a shoot with you
Wolf Eye Designs will be upgrading stay tuned for more details.
Looking forward to the new look.
Is an Auburn person really calling someone else a cheater?
That is too funny!
haha
Grocery shop when the kids are in school.
Kids they will pester you until you buy some junk food.
Katy Perry Believes In Aliens, Is Headed To Space: The MTV News Quote Of The Day
Tired from a long day at work and then gym : Going to bed good night guys!!!
What are some cute tumblr urls?
I want to change mine!
In high school, my mom said I could have done better.
In college, they live getting my grades.
yes, that's my secret to being mysterious!
lol
Taking the train to NYC for the 2Q VMware Partner Tech Talk.
Should be an exciting day!
Bunda holding first Internet auction Friday
Snow on the continental divide this morning, FINALLY!
Oh blah.
Well let's declare a nation wide librarian 's'mores day.
I vote for this Friday.
For once I gotta hand it to Apple RT : A visually impaired friend says Siri has allowed him to fully enter Information Age
ShesToYOUNG4YouBro She doesn't have to shave...
down THERE.
Oh man nerves
Alan the fat bitch Leon trying to start shit over here?
Cymbal sectionals outside gettinsun 
RT : The I accept your apology, but you make me really mad sometimes kiss.
Re: last RT.
Love seeing creative designer mind turn twitter into visual communication.
At Classified ENT with Lakeland own JOSH DAVIS working some music making history
Right Its Awesome
Shout out 2 all the single moms doing they thang
hahahaha shut up .
i was in such a hurry 
To My Heart: Thank you for sustaining me.
Working tirelessly, uncondtionally.
Reminding me to keep on going.
I forget, but I love you deeply
Oh yea!
My parents saw it just before I went to Eastern Europe for a backpackers trip.
Bad Idea!
Runyon it is this afternoon.
I think steel is a much smoother more fun ride.
Unless you're in spandex like 34 times a week not worth it
Hangry that's hilarious but please try to use a diff adjective rape is horrible
It's a beautiful morning ;
all I'm trying to do is resign my lease lol
Director, Jeff Sable arrived in Idyllwild for .
Adoctoran R'Mante and MARC SINGER will join him for Sat.
10 am screening  QA.
I'm happy for her.
She's better than Baltimore.
She will be appreciated elsewhere.
Watch.
That's the wrong thing to do.
If stealing creativity was a crime Half the uncreative people in this world would be locked up
Prayer changes things....
'duck, duck, cute'  instant classic!
another great show sweety !!
I really don't care if they are or not lmao .
: Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.
Harriet Braiker
ALL ARTIST SUBMIT YOUR VIDEOS TO www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com send them to !!!
but im serious
Like condensed milk that's been heated in a double broiler til it's brown?
Yummy.
no kidding.
Although at least we didn't hear it much when the flyers played the Rangers this year lol
I left my phone at home.
One part of me feels disconnected.
The other 99 are running free screaming, You can't reach me, fuckers!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I LOVE YOU!!
Listen to your gut
im here early.
Minnesota costing me a couple of hundoctord quid.
Not nice
Dude!
I hate it when that happens while I'm cutting my nails!
You ever ask someone a Q and they answer without answering anything you asked 
He was only famous from Justin :/
My posters are ready I pick them up tomarrow yeah dat
I need some courage and a load of cconfidence.
you have a weird aftertaste.
haha ..gtg..
: I LOVED TALKING TO YOU.
not talking but..umm..
singing?
:P xoxo
i love what i do  music is my boothang
Great day at ASTD ICE.
Esp good session by on Marketing Your Business
JustSoYouKnow is the new quote.
Forget about Yolo.
Lol my science teacher went H.A.M on some of the kids lol
I need to talk to you.
:o
15 minutes left!
Here We Go!
I have no patience for card minimums.
The Houston Hoops family's thoughts and prayers go out to Chris Washburn and his family.
Herr !
Pure comedy !!
Why do i always seem to screw things up with people even at moments where I'm not currently interacting with them?
Clippers Headlines: PAUL: BEARER OF BAD NEWS FOR GRIZZLIES
hey john are you greek
Ones or fives, possibly.
At odd times even tens.
But not hundoctords.
aw i been good just grinding wbu doh
Perfect gorgeous day for it RT : Just had a delicious lunch w/ at Great way to spend a Friday afternoon
People Don't click on anything that says someone is spreading rumors about you It's a way hackers get your info on here.
Warm weather on it's way!!
Who's ready?
Ur clothes dont do u justice so get out of them!!!
How can you hesitate?
Take risk!
Risk anything!
Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
And don't forget his utter lack of defensive effort
I really hate field day...
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West
Shibboleths: I'm seeing hegemony a lot!
I'm probably pronouncing it wrong.
RT : a priori  hegemony ;
Just met the guys in Under The Streetlamp.
Great hangs, pumped for their show at 3.
on the bus back to Boston from work retreat.
mood is, shall we say, subdued.
TRAFFIC  Crash  Fish Hatchery Rd  Petra Place
I'm feeling like a star.
You can't stop my shine.
I'm ridin' solo
I just love how my family is out eating without me.
I mean it's because your black
That really is an unfortunate shared acronym.
Jack in the box is apparently a police parking lot......wish I could have taken a picture.
price matching 's hell neveragain wasteofmytime doctorving around to the actual stores is less of a hassle.
seriously
tell your mom i said thank yu for havin a GORGEOUS child lmaooo
you're adorable but AUGH don't rub it in!
Its rainy here, then snowy tomorrow!
:/
Can I get a tweet please?
It would mean SO MUCH!!
But I feel like its IMPOSSIBLE!!
When you send a text about the guy you like to the guy you like.
Still wrapped up in THE KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES by Jussi AdlerOlsen, read by Erik Davies.
Disc 8 of 13.
Dani Rodoctork's Goodbye Washington Consensus, Hello Washington Confusion
Active users of any industry.
Why do i have to be knocked up with a cold????Why????
Let's win this one, SFGiants!
Give Cain some run support!
happy burns day my fellow scotsman.
Stab a haggas now.
Slept like a baby last night.
Best sleep in a long time.
We are all human here at DotGov.
;
Any IIS experts out there that want to give me a hand?
Brian
he doesn't play at mayo.
Do we have to wear mayo stuff tonight?
Don't worry.
They'll grow back.
Hopefully mine will too.
he says Hi back : haha
this starting to sound like Dallas Cowboy fans, I'm just saying.
DO ME A FAVOR PLEASE FOLLOW ME AlexLovesUs I know this won't get REETWEETED :
Yes, just block both doors leading out so no one can enter or leave.
You're conversation with your friend is clearly THAT important
Primarily because they don't CARE about OTHER people, they care ONLY for themselves.
SelfishGreedyGOP
RT Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker.
We need to run run run tonight!!
Yikes
Of course!
RT : should a freelance developer w/ no products or startup of his own attend DayOfFosterly ?
I looked for places to visit in the new city council district 7 and found just 1 place.
How is this list developed?
The church tour I have scheduled for next month is moving in the right direction!
Ready for a getaway like right NOW...maybe next week I'll take a trip with just me and my music
thankyouuuu!!!!
Boys really need to think about that
Maybe they were at the hotel?
is on!
Yay!
Time for some knowledge!
just to find a donor who doesn't mind their contribution being recycled every 7 years or so :P
agreed re: message refinement/design  also ideally there'd be an easy way to measure how many people view the message  act on it
Hey guys!
When you get a chance, check us out at facebook.com/DeathbeatJam  reverbnation.com/deathbeatjam or follow us on instagrm dthbtjm
How cool are the bikes though?
That is the important question.
yes ladybug, u know SEXY girls find one another ;
Kim K sucks.
Atta Boy!
:' RT Fuck this i'm eating:p
Ha!
The regular meeting is open but boring, mostly members talking.
Open hack is at 8pm, that's when people make stuff.
You are getting old when your friends look like your parents.
If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love 3
how was Iris?
There's another playoff point for Kreider
You should be SO sleep right now.
Lets take off!!
Olympic athletes.
So come on Torontoand Canadalet's give them some attention and encouragement.
Proteams can wait a couple of weeks!
GAMEDAY!
Milwaukee Women vs.
Seattle 7pm at the Klotsche Center!
UWM students are free with ID.
GO PANTHERS!
Ugh my tummy hurts
I haven't heard from you in a minute bro.
How you been
Trey and I recorded a new show today, it'll be up on Friday.
Thanks for your patience  D
I wonder if my coworkers miss me.
I bet they do, LOL.
just back from a week in Ketchikan Alaska.
Worked on a new technique and then enjoyed the Great North.
Man Dirk
You lie so much.
Love isnt overated but the word is
I'm done exploring the tech tools, show me the results and data of improvement.
Watching final ending of Terra Nova with my son
Brace yourselves.
The references about getting high are coming.
Never fail...you look like shit, you will see the one person you don't want to see.
Just watched the show.
I was embarrassed for her, shocked by her disrespect.
Love to see updates on her experience at the ranch!
We're exploring Pinterest's usage of copyrighted content by its users.
Some call it free PR.
Appears to be widespread CR infringement.
really appreciate the suggestion!
We will definitely keep that in mind.
Hope you're having a good weekend!
Looking forward to more images then.
Enjoy the tour, and next time may you make it to the middle of our little country!
best.
I just found 60 doing laundoctor.
sorry, also , I am teaching way too many students for a writing intensive class.
so you and i can fix that, too?
can't wait
I heard lol and Thank You; that's where you're going too.
it's about time : Firkins up the kazoo
I was going to message you to tell you to snag Parmelee.
Probably made Liss cringe.
lol
Definitely reading that one.
Thanks.
3:15 on 3/15, the most birthdayest time of the day
Whatever.
RT : Whatever has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row.
Tiger is back!!!
Nice win next up
Scrubs until I fall asleep, wish me luck
Gotta get in one of those, I have enough patience to sit down and make one moods
I bid you a fantastic hump day evening my friends!
k, so I am dying to find a GOOD colorist for Blondes!!
ahh no one gets it right, pls share if you go someplace good in CLT thx
illegal migrant workers and their kids took real risks in seeking to speak out  it's not a night in jail, but deportation on arrest.
Hello, everyone!
Head still full of 's fab KJB talk last night  but now it's time to get started on JOURNALS DAY!
:
Welcome new followers , ,  !
Thanks for joining our cause!
Gotta love anyone who can take a Lady gaga song and make it about muslims!
RT: : is great!
BIG few weeks coming up.
Working on music.
Hi Benjamin :
Oh rats, not you, too!
Good luck!
I haven'twould be a good idea to do that with them though.

Yea be like sneakily grab it later RT : sxsso don't ask for more permissions than you need.
Panelists agree
see you down on the Mall!
Thanks for following me:
In our house, discipline was doled out with a fraternity paddle, which lived on the refrigerator with dust bunnies, cigarettes and vodka
I can forgive stupidity.
What I won't forgive is willful ignorance, which appears to be on ample display as usual.
I just came up with a great 15 second teaser for The Red Rider!
Will Chet let me put it up?!
Josh
Happy TravelRally Day!
VoteTravel!
Help our industry spread the word!
Newt Gingrich says he'll end his run for president next week.
In other news, Newt Gingrich was still running for president.
bishopwayne.com, is updated new photos and new changes will be coming, also in the studio working stay tune at bishopwayne.com
didn't even tell us he was going home he just left
What are you talking about!?
shortening it is adding 'VE to it!
THAT'S how you shorten the word have!
The word OF is its own word!
well, if i could take the sickness from you, i would.
Sounds awesome, thanks!
Had a great day with my wife and family...thanks!
well, I lookee into the legalities, and for all the legal involvement with Booksie, it just isn't worth it :/
Getting pumped to whip some Sens' butts tomorrow
i love you too!!!!
33 I miss seeing your beautiful face
RT : So saddened by the news of Junior Seau's passing.
The hearts of the Trojan family go out to his relatives and friends.
clinch a playoff spot tonight!
wait for :D returns tonite cant wait ive missed him so much
I think this COMMUN1ST PLOT MUST BE EXPOSED
Never enter a battle of wits unarmed.
tomorrow that is.
My Birthdays Tomorrow.
It Would Mean The World To Me If I Could Get A Happy Birthday : :
...
I get pissed!
Then they complain when Jordan curses on twitter and blocks them!
Smh 
Moby Dick; or, The Whale
Great to see you today, Larry!
How is your week going?
I am playing at The Cage right now.
Man its hot!!!
Well you can always come hang out with my family...
That would be one way to learn a NY accent.
:
Everyone say a quick prayer that I get this job at Raleigh General!
:
your welcome i really want him to read it haha
If someone truly cherished your friendship, they wouldn't let their boyfriends talk to you like you're a piece of trash.
Suzy is trying to indirectly salt you up.
i wuzn't trying 2 be funny u know??:
oh it wud be so kool to make a living with acting!!!!!!!!!!!!
your language is about as delightful as a beautiful set of boobs......Fact!
Would you all like me to make a list of our members on Twitter?
If so,  reply with your school and election yr and I'll get one going!
Goodnight tweeters .:
It ain't the year of the, its the engine and mileage, you rock it til the wheels fall off and I'm overhead flying
Thanks for posting that pic of Media Row.
Always curious.
Now tell your bosses to get you that deal!
We need you back, man!
YES RETURN OF BAD V!!!
do open platforms make sense?
Wondering why trains can't stop where doors meet railing openings.
Waiting for the neighbor to finish mowing his lawn so I can record some piano.
Life in the home studio...
your pretty cute, wanna date?
I fear no one because i know we all have the same ending.
lol please do!
I wish I was more organized.
Joe Pa or Ugga the Dog....who had more influence on the their teams over the past few years?
hahaha if they turn out good!
Hi!
We're really glad you are following us to keep up to date on what's going on.
Awesome pic!
Thanks for coming by!
u there?
What a week ..record now 811with double ot win at tj last night.
Thunder dome tomorrow  1:00
thingsgirlswantboystodo is be a nice jerk?
Sunday morning Gospel...
How I Got Over Smokie Norful!
I been blushing 3
Ladies , it's cool playin hard to get and all but damn Give a nigga a break sometimes !
Name the weirdest thing you think we could find in a WarholTC; we've probably found it.
IsThatAHumanBone?
Fashion blunder or Freudian slip?
I realized during my Web conference with Ball State that I was wearing an Indiana University Tshirt.
Oops
you don't know about that
Columbia: good to review what hasn't circulated in 58 years; lots of nonEnglish materials
My buddy: I wonder if Andoctor Miller would make more shots if he jumped.
My head hurt bad, headache really sockin me!!
:
So Fun!!
nope but downloading it now.
Thanks!
What MBTA station Transit Police found the woman?
here right now on the patio!
Good stuff, sitting next to your Texas themes laptop.
Thanks
Katchafire Radio on Pandora all day.
Ah, yeah I know what you mean!
Well I'll be praying for you, your work is really great!
Go Hawks!!
hey: have you seen what some sicko put about Justin?!
boom!
its oooooficial!
stay safe!
xoxo
You can say my breath smells like an ass.
Thats cause i'm always talkin shit.
Heading to dctech meetup tonight on mobile technology...with over 1,000 of my closest friends!
Nova Baby
Too much treble.
IMVU is so weird...
Thanks so much for the RT!
GoSpursGo now have won 7 straight with win over the Nets, longest current win streak in the NBA.
Great start for the Rodeo road trip.
HELL YES!
RT : that concert would be sick!!
:
: Yup.
I take most of my life advice from doctornk people at casinos.
Lakers Just Got Dat Ass SPANKED !!
Home from blood doctorve.
Thanks for the lunch and tshirt
My 10 yr.
old daughter is running around the house yelling the Sporting, Sporting Kansas City chant.
are in da house!
poor sloppi just learned she has fuel pump worriesY DO TRUCKS breakdown a block away?
3rd 1??
Did you Move to Miami??:
to be a part of The River San Diego vision !!!
Just tapped New Belgium Pink Peppercorn IPA.
give my girl a follow she just got her twitter today!
The question is not at what age you wish to retireits at what
Where is that?
On a special diet but i could have an iced tea.
yeah I see ya fam will have my assistant get that to you shortly!
I appreciate you homie!
KILL IT n send it to me!
oh yeah lol, best phone ever but blackberry need to step up they app game
foster failure?
And you will need librarians/curators to manage the big data!
lost over 60lbs and put on 20 lbs of muscle
so i think i can still graduate if i don't hand in my finals...
or at least sneak in the back.
Truth in comedy, yo.
wishiwasthere!
RT : Don't try to be funny.
Try to be real.
master class at
Music Gotta Be The Best doctorg Ever
you are, sir!
with my actual face?
i think it's probably scarier for some people.
but it was about time to make the switch...
So my son won't go to sleep as he's freaked out about Santa coming into our house while we're sleeping...
He's got a point.
watching the Roomate in honor of Friday the 13th with
You're welcome :P
Surprised at how the WR's are falling in the second round...
one of the weekend mayne
Start the long weekend the right way.
10 mile run followed by a cool swim.
Oh yeah.
RT : Diss Adele to me  I will block you so hard your buttpussy will fall off.
Well at least I understood what bane said
Tonight you should wear some green and go see at the hen.
before the devil knows your dead yeah?
Wasnt it tight seeing phillip seymour hoffman put in work!?
Happy Birthday to one of my most loveliest/awesomest followers ever ever ever!
Happy Birthday !!
Would it vex you if I went to without you?
One of these days we'll be in the same place for more than 15 minutes!
: Hope the rest of IACPNYC is fantastic.
HS always has been  always will be number one in my book.
You'll headline a big show in Vegas on your own soon anyway.
:
I seen the light excite all the freaks, stack mad chips spread love with my peeps.
Do All That Shit You Be Talkin Bout.
When You Gone, Shit, Netflix On Yo' Couch.
WOW Don Cornelius committed suicide???
SHOCKING NEWS!!!
R.I.P.
Wanted: Better attitude and more sleep.
Will pay in homemade pizza.
Well, my life sucks right now.
Happy New Year to me, right?
HA!!
Nice joke being played on me!
of course!
always looking to coopt the hip new thing.
Really cute redhead in this store;
Just wrapped up celebrating my 9th year of marriage with wifey.
Thanks to all who have helped us along the way...an eternity to go!
Jupiter student oboe  the Selmer, is made of ABS resin body  silver plated keys.
or tax preparer
And in the end, you learn that the people and the moment are all that matter.
Everything else comes and goes.
Let me put it to you this way.
Your friend is an idiot that can't read and you are an idiot that cries over Twitter.
K?
Merry Christmas  Happy New Year!
From and Here's too great 2012!
Live well, love much!
Home Opener at King Field this Saturday at 11 a.m.
against Norther Michigan!
Come out and show some support for your Warriors!!!!!
Love your professorle pic.
Your tagline on Google plus is appropriate.
If you need a place to crash, I've got a futon.
Five minute warning on the reset of the wireless access pods with flower's names.
CILDC Save your work.
whose going to be in middle skool?
Heading to the Arkansas Minority Health Summit at Excited to see the presentations by Olympic Champion !
oomf are whipped and it's pretty obvious.
Lol
It's been a while since we rocked an impromptu karaoke party.
We have the most talented staff EVER.
don't forget you are one of me bffs
Yes.
Sometimes regularly.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies..
Yes that list is messed up, but I love it
When will fat guys learn?
They're never as funny when they get skinny MT : Jets Rex Ryan has lost 90lbs this offseason.
Props.
Get him Mancini!
beat Ferguson's old ass!
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 learning archietect, learning concierge, innovators; DISRUPT traditional notions of librarianship
Pass them out around the world, so hopefully they make their way to your city!
Great info on them, posting those this week on FB as well.
this Sunday is so chilled and nice for me.
To complete it.
I wish had a BBQ :/
Rainy days at home are relaxing, rainy days everywhere else is just hectic!
A little Sinatra, dash of Glen Miller  a touch of Harry James make 4 a perfect ending for a gr8 Derby Day!
David Roth is at Giambi Birthplace and Museum, West Covina, CA, with 44 others.
and moved so well.
What a cutie!
All we wanted was oppurtunity JUST BLAZE.....
Bruschi and herm Edwards says bears are a bigger threat to green bay than lions and may come out on top of the division
What Are They Doing Now?
Arsenio Hall...I haven't seen dude since he played Simi on Coming to America.
Where is this cat?
d Chris has his shirt.
Thanks.
Where were your pants ripped ?:P
When you call 911 just remember they can NOT fix STUPID!
is tweeting Celebrity Rehab right now!
FF Last one before Midnight.
Physical Therapy
Shoutout to the beautiful RB sensation on the follow.
TOPFAMENT Call us about our promo packages 410.513.9199
I feel like took on some of Jaco's spirit.
Noticing their similar skills for the first time.
Some moms sing Raffi to their kids.
I sing Moneygrabber.
FitztheTantrums
Haha, I'm referring to the character who is mostly disliked although there's a strong group cheering him along.
Make sense?
After touring homes for a few days, you will probably instinctively know which one or two homes you would like to buy.
good morning : have a nice day!
JesusBless
Today 1874: Harry Houdini born in Budapest, but later claims to have been born in Appleton, Wisconsin on April 4, 1874.
80s sitcoms for me as well please.
:
At the cheesecake factory with kyle and stacy.
real classy.
except for the part where kyle keeps trying to send me pictures of his poop.
I'll make it work earlier if needed!
2p?
Email me.
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Wild Mother's!
You are all true health inspirations to your families and to all of us.
Enjoy the day.
Just some graveyard shenanigans
i mean if i had the worlds biggest ass, i would have to get some kind of surgery or something, i just don't get it oh well.
Oo
that's great!
It's pretty cool there :
Jealous about all of the iPads around me.
: good day at school today!!; but single is horrible!!!:/
Hell nah, he said I shit on a regular basis ahaha
Eugenides, The Marriage Plot.
Somewhat disappointing  overrated time warp back to my college years.
I just wanted to slap that girl silly.
Jalisa in here tryna shoot me with this BB gun.!!!
CALL THE POLICE SOMEBODY.!!!!!
consultations always free, come talk with us!
Name a difference between the traditional UCR  the enhanced version NIBRS
thanks for thinking we're funny.
It's really just carrying the fat guy and Miss Daisy's white doctorver.
Hh with a good friend!
If you know God WELL, you know God WILL.
telling me would've been better.
Did you know that if the city council passes their medical cannabis ordinance as written it would close down ALL collectives in SD ASAP?!?
It's Titanic, man!
Doesn't it depend on what you doctoramed?
Foretelling sunrise won't sell too many books :
That sounds good Team Elenjah!!
:
Nothing happens without reason:Well you better have a damn good reason for acting like that
I think I can see Newt waving at me from the moon tonight.
Hi fr GA !
Happy Holidays!
Back in the Recording Studio laying lyrics like layered bricks.
Just passed Jamie Lee Curtis on church st.
She looked as manly as ever...
I really want to!!!
And okay, good :
I wish i could bring everyone that hasent with me but i cant.
and ah i hope!!:
Sorry to hear that.
Be well!
Sending love from GeorgiaI luv you all
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F OVERCAST
love singing with you!
such a great performance last night!
ahahha me too
I want pictures!!
i remember the time you told me that you love me and i told you that i also love you...NOW YOU COMPLETELY IGNORE ME!
:x
Q7: We don't have any fiction in my current library, but they were housed in general fiction at my undergrad library.
Nothing like sending your available to shoot schedule to remind you of everything you have going on.
Thank you for the FF love!
all together doctorpping 40 songs in 3 mths u all will hate cuz they got no 20 lease exclusive soundclick trap beats
aw babe, maybe sunday?
;
lol never a dull moment!
RT  Miami Dolphins doing a Gators  Tim Tebow tribute the day they face the Broncos on the field of the Miami Hurrican...
on it!
last night I was doctornking alone, watching my New Kids on the Block DVD.
So ur def not on my level of loserdom.
Feel better?
Lol
I apologize in advance for whatever my mom did last night?
You are super gorgeous,ur def my fave on the show!!
Today has been a good day...
Feels good to be back home!
American doctoram.
RT : McCourt: buy Dodgers for no  down, fight with Selig, divorce wife, file for Bankruptcy, sell for 2 billion.
IWishTheyWouldBringBack Boy Meets World.
Best show ever.
SOA is going to be great next week
looking for booking, features and track submission info.
Thanks!
dont be so quick to judge, specially if u neva been thru the struggle
stone sublimely selfrighteous at tom d's house of beers for a night cap.
Eating breakfast between a Food Network producer and a still doctornk newly 21 gaggle of girls...
lol it's a truestory though!
That's how my hen's party is going to start ; x
It is a scorcher today!
Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade.
24oz for only 2.99.
Good choices.
:
summer time  no relationships ; 
be on the look out :
The red faction game?
That's on my list.
iOS is good right now, just very very busy!
beer in the mornin, beer in the evenin, beer at supper time.
when beer is on a bagel you can doctornk beer bagels anytiime!
you didn't say happy birthday to john :/
12 Buck Tuesday!
Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens for only 12...Add on GoKarts  Bumper Boats for 5 more!!
I've done pretty much nothing today...
and I'm ok with that.
looks like sportingkc is off to see the Magic play in Orlando tonight...I was not invited...
Take that, paper.
I have a whole week before you are due and all I have to do is put in quotes and doctorw a map of Portland.
Ok.
That's a lot.
just got a chance to listen to your beats but the dope we definitely gonna do something, I'll give u a call next week 4 show
promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
yes sir, not sure when the bus comes to the stadium though
I'm On Another Level My Thoughts Don't Make Sense To One Track Minds
MANDA call me now!
Heat players celebrate after charity event
My son just whipped it out and peed on the leg of the kitchen chair
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 19
that sucks, sudden death of loved one is the worst.
My Nana was a jewel  she taught me how to love cooking!
Italian yea
10 minutes until your loving PRD girls are on the air on your local PBS station!
Thanks for the detention Ms.
Arend.
Our students have the ability to produce projects of quality and beauty.
who??
did u see troso
Every risks we take has its own peak and downfall it could either break us 4 the rest of our lives or elevate us from the ground up.
put his number out there so BBN can put him on blast!
I feel that way more about parenting than I do about work, have seen IS referred to in that context, too.
Enlightened is amazing.
Ep.
4  9 are two of the best episodes of TV I've ever seen.
Hoping to hear good news from
Office or house moving?!
: So the world is falling apart and we're spending all this time talking about gay marriage?
Pretty depressingly frivolous.
Aeropress is the only way to go.
Watching movies with the fam when I get off...I love movie night!
HART Alert!
Preston Thatcher, 14, dirtyblond hair, warm brown eyes.
He's from Seattle.
Rosie, you better watch out.
Preston's MINE.
So annoyed
: feel better!
Fluids and rest!!
yeah I'll be there...to pick up chicks before their dates.
The EBBY ftw!!!
: the DH did nothing to academe.
The fried chicken and faculty meeting rally beers did.
I love how big of a cunt you are
About To Eat Some Really Good Food :
My special announcement is...I'm releasing my first original album on May 25th!
Santorum: Im Not Going Anywhere!
I miss The Walking Dead.
As of last night I am now addicted to Breakout Kings.
Canyon ranch Miami a must!
They serve wine too :
Now we cooking with crisco.
That is SUPER cool!
Question for  does the ALA have a statement on CISPA?
If not, we should!!!
I see the nuggets are a worthy adversary.
Even with their ridiculous name.
best way to do it I always say.
Rock on.
Can't wait to go to your concert !!
: IloveyouMahone3
tonight and Mosaic with Jeremy Pelt, , one of my favorite trumpet players.
Haven't seen him in a few years.
GETTING READY TO TAKE JAYLYNN TO THE DOCTOR THEN HOPEFULLY I CAN COME HOME TO SLEEP!!!
A goodfriday workout makes for a good Friday!
last week at this time i was sitting in the ER getting blood...tonight i'm sitting through ubaldo jimenez...last week was better...
okay Back On twitter.
I found myself being a little distracted....
with all the damn twitter wars...
Pregig playlist includes Earl Hines, Erroll Garner, Clark Terry, and Sarah Vaughan.
Let's get this party started!!
HubSpotters also take pride in HubSpot's innovative and analytical culture, casual work environment, and no vacation policy
...
Tomorrow our landscaper comes to talk pool design!
Yippee 
You ever farted while taking a bouble bath?!?
that's why it's called truth juice
Another hint: Native speakers don't always test well  may not b the strongest documentreview contractattorneys 4 the matter.
Thanks for the follow, much appreciated.
Lrt's pray for a world free from stereotype and prejudice.
Hokies strand a runner on second in the bottom of the 3rd.
We're scoreless thru 3 complete.
full slab of ribs with prohibition sauce for dinner tonight
Are you feeling like enough of the orange already!?
it's not funny .
I wanna go!
So I've been studying Ethnic skin on my own for almost 2 yrs  I'm continuing my education thru various training sessions but...
didn't work for me, already tried that one
Hey girl do you have a instagram and a gifboom?
Best Valentines prize to the person that shows up and makes my toilet stop running.
So yeeeeaaah...
This girl needs to stfu already.
She can run...but she can't hide..lol
don't forget to add the hash tag brewersfantasycamp to the facebook page.
Can't wait for the final letter.
you gotta take a pic of your cheetah'd out room...even with the pile of cheetah shit!
lol!
Trayvon didnt even PINCH that liar George Zimmerman, let alone give him a broken nose.
Where is spiderman when u need him
I CONER MY WORDS INADAPT WIT DA INK RITE ON DA PAPER DAT HAPPEN 2 ME ITS LIKE I RAP IN A STREET USED 2 TRAPPIN WEN UM RAPPIN BUT NOW I RAP
Happy Monday  already spilled my coffee on my ivory shirt.
Thank you for all the information shared this morning!
I learned quite a bit!
Sitting here LOL at the randomness with between shows on Sat.
coolingwater 
This old ass man downtown just Said I made his 4/20 , he's bouta go get some loud , like BYE ASSHOLE
Interested in your thoughts.
I love woody Allen and thought I'd like it but i hated that movie...

OnlineBusiness Tip: When creating content be as unique and individual as you can.
Sorry I am late!
Hello
Thanks, Lexus, for once again making me feel inadequate, that I cannot afford to buy all my loved ones a brand new luxury car for Christmas!
Holy cheese loves his fans so much big fan big fan3
F5 BIGIP Application Security Manager Awarded FiveStar Rating from SC Magazine
brianna you are MEAN.
:
thanks girl!:
sim, e do twitter tbm hahaha
UT hoop gets 11 seed in the East.
Will open with 6 seed Cincinnati Friday in Nashville.
anyone have a fog machine or laser they wanna sell or rent to us?!
very interested in all things party!!!
nope!
im gonna avoid you!
R.
Kelly and the lazer light peek show on little girls equals
I be so fuckin exhausted
Imma just start tagging random celebrities to see if they RT me..
Cousin Pat: next year we go kill our own turkey!
Ha!!!!
Woo lol
Most people wish for clothes, money, mansions, fame.
Me?
I wish to meet my 2 idols.
you mean the world to me and you always will : 3 you changed my life and I thank you for that ILoveeYouu.3
stop doctorving and tweeting!
be careful
Its hot!
The average age of a Twitter user is 39 and the average age of a Facebook user?
Take a guess!!
I was shocked.
thanks.
I want to reach out and motivate others cause i know iv been at that point with life and soccer.Like most of us has
...well, I nailed the Kevin Smith type.
But was it the right one???
Now off to rehearsal Fools Theatre!
Show us some love and share this page.
Love my Caps!
What an awesome series.
Jkt consulate denied aunt's visa app b/c she doesn't have strong ties to home.
They didn't even look at documents she brought!
Apoplectic.
Hula at the Flower Show Polynesian Cultural Center dancers performed three times during the Flower Show that was open to Pennsylvania Hor
It's not who you fall asleep thinking about, but who you doctoram about.
They told me never fall in love it never works out in your favor, youre way too young and right now that's just human nature
She wanted something to happen  something, anything: she did not know what.
They go on n on about how we need to be considerate nshit.....
practice what you preach.
thanks Jonathan, you the man.
RT Those who tell a story rule the world, a Hopi saying.
sat in ikea car park!
Hurry up mother!!
i guess hes cute and all but hes not really my type.
but to each his own.
Well done!
awww thanks for the FF although I am the opposite of an extraordinaire and my blog is empty.
Clearly you haven't been there!
And gets out of the inning with an out at home.
This is absurd
awww Id love too thanks for saying I can ;
fuckin right??!
That's just the worst, shit makes me rage.
At least that many odd chefs in DC, I'm sure...
RT : Hilton DC can accommodate 1200 guests and 50 odd chefs....
when i was little i always wanted to be 16 so I could be like all the people on disney channel, my doctorams will come true tomorrow
So glad that I reworked my piece because in the extra reporting, I found a treasure trove of ideas.
They're the best!
Have a great rest of your weekend :
lol no I didn't know!!!;D
the hits just keep on coming sometimes ha, getcha hands up.
Soon as you truly let someone go you find someone better!!!
Great!
The larger the heads, the better!
:
Getting together with a friend hitting the mall together to blow our paper : on Friday.
Can't wait till fried day
lol thanks for the mention.
We need to get our venue and stream stuff situated, and w'ell have something to watch.
:
oh I wanna see now
Getting my dog cleaned up so he can go visit my aunt
Jus gettin home from the E.
R
I dont know about you guys, but I dont like stepping on broken glass, remember Mifflin during the block party is a glass free zone
Finally showed replay of Eric McClure crash, took direct hit into SAFER barrier, being airlifted to hospital...
tell me when u got my edits
Why.Would U Be On Twitter When Mostly People r Asleep
good song lmao
What an honor it was to be a part of the Minneapolis St.
Paul International Film Festival!
Sad to see it come to a close.
Flipping back  forth between Family Guy and Stepbrothers.
Such a hard decision.
okay but I feel really bad
Maybe they're texting you random s that only happen to correspond to the weight of Jessica Simpson's baby?
Those middle months were beautiful.
This ninth month, not so much.
we miss michael jackson :/
THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING!
Boom!
Loehr's tale of Andoctor Agassi's disenchantment w/success reminds me of doctor Tal BenShahar's personal story in his book 'Happier'
You can see a comparison of the tank's condition via my twitter feed.
My best albarino exploration was when I discovered the Licia Albarino 2010 while on a trip to Spain.
My favorite!
In charlotte waiting to board the next plane on to tampa.
still, it was very nice seeing you again this morning  sharing brekkie Have a great trip!
Someone asked who I want Dolphins to doctorft in round 2.
I said Don't care.
They already doctorfted their QB of the future IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
Efficiency It is possible with social media.
Our favorite tea geek gives a nod to mom and Lord B.
lololol.
Back in Russia I bought a loaf of Russian sourdough with Russian pappy and nana
mine has to have banana peppers, onions, and mushrooms
If that's the way you treat boys I'd hate to see how you treat girls
thanks but i have rehearsal every night until 1.
the show opens or 2.
i have a nervous breakdown.
i love you so much Vic : thanks for being such a great inspiration!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!
Busy busy lunch!!
looking forward to dinner and Happy hour today.
Free Queso and 1.75 all beers.
laying on the couch typing this paper sick as eff wbu?
There is nothing like TEA with
Met the most wonderful new addition to the world today: Miss Paige Pratt.
she's beautiful.
if you write my lab report with a guaranteed A I'll make you so many birthday treats!
I love that MiltonChen talks about the rules of improvisation never saying 'NO' and using these principals in education actingrules!
Loving this panel with Mindy Fletcher , and
Prolly passed josh but
here's the list of beers aged in a barrel for 2yrs bourbon county rare..and avery's meretrix ..are there any others?
I dont understand why people lie to me.
Ill have more respect if you're straight up.
ughh yea that ish sucks, I don't know yet probs layin low been out too much last 2 weeks and that's no goodies
At some point I will do some work and I will feel good about it and then reference that time I did some work for about a week
Vanilla USwirl FroYo  doctorPepper Thirstbuster  AWESOME SUMMER FLOAT!
Pull can put you in position, but it's PUSH that keeps you there !!
I'mTRAPSATIONAL !!
occupyyourtv Miscommunication for the Masses!
I keep seeing new jersey license plates but none of them are the boyz, its just boys 
WaysToMakeMeHappy if u see me smiling u doin sumtn
I got quoted today from an interview that I did with last year, but no one notified me.
A reader I know caught it.
huh.
Hey I haven't talked to you in forever Well if that's the case then obviously I don't wanna talk to you..
Idiots.
so glad to see you here :
don't forget my present tomorrow
Good luck at school!
Hope you stay awake.
Love ya, but I'm going to bed now.
Dear life, When I said can my day get any worse it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
same here
Call us we rent copiers and printers.
3037780600
still looking cute
Is everyone but me having sushi right now?
I'm up now rayle' prolly want some pancakes her greedy self,lol!!!!
RT : Atlantic County OEM enroute to the Hammonton Airport for a missing aircraft.
No further details.
Ooh, there's a new M R James omnibus?
I always like to think that someday I'll timetravel to one of James's Xmas ghost storytimes.
I love how hateful you are.
Yammer?
Until recently, Facebook.
sometimesyouhaveto go m.ia.
and get yourself together
I'm alright.
What r u up to?
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves.
Congrats to my NYR followers!!
A well fought series..NOW BEAT THE DEVILS!!
I just got an email that Adventures of Tintin is waiting for me at Circ  pretending not to care.
re: Game of Thrones
does his officiating clothes fit?
On my way to the Chris Canty golf outing
Hemp smells so weird
thanks again for buying a kit.
I can totally help you put it together and I'm sure really appreciates what you did as well!
Hope everyone had a good week
All kinds of 1sts over the last few days!
1st: LP, viral meningitis, multinight hospital stay  mister.
I'm ready for the excitement to end.
Holding my breath to see if , and are joining me tonight.
Alonzo  it reminds me of intense, weighty, and philosophical
you are a MASSIVE twat.
My daughter made those this am.
1st attempt, not bad!
I'm reviving a catering co,new menu,open house w/tasting in midMay.
Stuff I hear at work I'll be back in a FLESH!
.
is doctorving my car.
May God watch over me.
another month where the JOR deadline is missed...
those were so good!
next time we need to bring gummy bears!
corollary: and pushes the risk/reward down the ladder
me too haha
As God is my witness, ill never go hungry again!
Scarlett O'hara gonewiththewind on
Smile with an open heart.
2nd graders were SO excited to vote for Maryland's BlackEyed Susan pic book.
They loved I Voted stickers too.
So far, it's a close race!
When was that?
thank you :
Thank you Mo for telling us about this creepy Pedo dude
Starbucks line at TheProject show is so long!
Dear misterPresident  I'm a fan and I'm pleased you came to NJ, but I got home 5hrs late  next time pls could u take the train!
Frustrated?!!
Good morning all...
New Year's celebrations are over..
how are you faring?
lol idk i made mine when i was 11.
but 6 year olds?
im like the only one in my whole grade that has one and actually goes
no lie, I doctoramt night that I spontaneously got an octopus tattoo and I felt quite a bit of remorse for not including you too
Whats the point of going to school after we are already done with all the test?
All we do now is watch movies in every class.
Royalty statements?
Are you feeling well?
follow 4 follow over here
Especially bad when my deadline was yesterday :
At ikea with i feel like a bug, just doctorwn to all these sweet lights
Lol yes and imma need tutorials for dis crap
About to start my diet!
It's gon be hard but I can do it!!!!
best?
did i hear best?
When ur washing ur hands at school all u can hear in the stall is moaning .....
Smack dat
Tuesday....Tonic...,Tonic.....Tuesday.
College night!
Ladies free till 10:30p.
in the mix.
18 to party.
The dirty looks, the jealous stares.
The best part is, you think I care.
Roll your eyes and talk your shit.
Jealous bitches make me sick.
I will thanx!
great idea.
we'll make sure he rubs up on some to absorb some of his cologne
Me: Breathes.
Mom: I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR ATTITUDE
Biden tours the Basilica of Guadalupe in MX.
Sen McCain did the same in 2008.
Is this becoming a new electiontime ritual for US politicos?
people r following me yay
Chupacabra sighted at 12th and G near metro center.
He seems to be in possession of delicious hot soup....
New developments at they develop
I see why.
Good luck
Broncos should've kept Tebow to at least back up Manning.
But instead...they trading him smh
LMAO I was just at the Fitness Connection down the street from there yesterday.
Tuesday is field trip day duh ;
I still have Sailor Moon toys...?
Nope.
Looks like it's just Jupiter.
I can deal with that.
I recommend vacuming then wiping keys w/damp clothe saturated w/white vinegar  hot water.
Cheap/clean/enviromental : 
Damn that sucked!
I don't need your love anyway
i'm telling we totally traded pix during work hours
's thanks for having and see you next month on the BIG stage.
show tonight with , , To the Sky, Rattlesnake Island,  the Runaround at !
5pm 10 all ages
Its truly amazing how sum people want to be so important!!
It will be much better once I get my hands on a cherryberrychiller!
cause SOME still view the fit woman as their competition and not their complement
Throughout THE AVENGERS, I was consistently reminded that Joss Whedon spent a decade overseeing choreographed kung fu and is great at it.
RIP mister Jobs, you are already missed.
you deserve a break for the amount of responses to your followers.
Bravo sir
Traveling the world!
Peter Thiel does
RT : Hey C21 Tonight 7:00 and 11:30, Chris Owens is opening her club at 500 Bourbon St just for us.
Blues Band  Roster
Super excited for Jermaine of thevoice.
Well deserved win.
LAST RT AMEN TO CHRIS BROWN.
HE KNOWS US BROWARD COUNTY GIRLS ARE GAWWWGUSSS :
good to know cuz the movie is so MINUTE!
My initials are TCB .
In case you didnt know , that stands for taking care of business ;
Great lax game between Jefferson and apple valley!
AV wins 98 in 4OT.
honestly, your the best friend EVER!
I've heard good things about Yu Darvish.
I'm looking forward to seeing him pitch today.
Hopefully the Indians can get to him!
ahh.
Saw wife surrounded by 5 kids  I thought they were friends of Duggars.
Quite a few guys live in PV, right?
Furyk, VJ..
so for the summer im thinkin about gettin micros
I just realized I don't own a hoodie.
Does that mean I'm old?
Excuse my hair didn't feel like brushing it.
butitscurly :D
i love yo uand tottally going to miss you lots when i move : luv you girlie
great to see you at tonight!
our country was built on religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups.
What happened to our USA?
She doctorves fast in the slow lane.:
Gonna go get my nails done 
Just rsvp'd to the saa11tweetup, looking forward to it and saa11 !!
See y'all wednesday!
Who doctorsses this guy?
Damn Cleveland weather
:I FEEL YOU!!!!
YOU SHOL GREAT AT IT!!!
GOD BLESS YOU LIL HOMIE!!!
dude you guys should have do some vocals in atleast ONE song...
please?3
This prom queen nomination should totally turn Quinn's life around.
That's where we differ.
rapture4sho Shocker.
RT : Many of Camping's employees...
don't believe the Rapture hype
Gonna lay down n talk two my baby til its time two qo two bed.!
The lil ones already n bed.!
My beloved 97 yo GMA died last year during the Texas series when she realized we were not going to WS.
It devastated her.
count me in
still do :
especially when they breathe all hard after running like a little..
haha
Got it thanks!
That's gorgeous.
I think I can see in through the windows.
Glad you liked it!
went to a wedding reception once that was held at a funeral home.
that was kinda weird.
TwinterGames 3WordsAfterArnisPizza: Jan.
1623, describe the perfect Arni's pizza in 3 words or less.
Use  and tweet back to us!
Gagnon's been dominant in the Midwest League through a half dozen starts.
2011 3rd round pick.
Maine using the model and support from will have a public charter school law next week
When a female says and make u promise till death does us apart about a fone call u should run!
There are people who have money and people who are rich
Of course you can!
We're building an Andoctorid version as we speak!
Stay tuned!
:
Wahoo!
: Just heard a radio spot for fyi.mica.edu on NPR!
So cool!
angrybirdsspace...I heart you.
I love you!
Follow me PLEASE?
3
Fair enough.
I'll be sure to include that in my cover letter!
I know I'm going to end up living downsouth  but where?
I need to be coastal that's for sure!
I was very nervous, and in connection with this phone I have a cheap
Haha , I Think It's Funny How This Girl Thinks Shes The Bigger Person , Lol You Act Like A Little Kidd !
I understand so much more now about you guys.
I'm so sorry for what you went through.
That Interview does explain a lot.
Courses Vail Values in the Fall
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
Omg I know!
RT : Can't wait to see the pics!
Pagan or not, us in the Northern Hemisphere of Earth can look forward to more sunlight.
If you're in the Southern Hemisphere, Happy Fall!
How was it tonight?
haha how's that hickey?;
Today was a bad day, but, you know?
you make me smile in the bad moments.
thanks chirstian:
Gah!
Can't sleep!
Yeah, I should have mentioned that in my original tweet.
Today's Trivia: What was the first manufacturer of black dolls?
log on to www.americanlegacymag.com to find out!
Good thing I'm sober because my cousin sure the hell is not...
Ooohh family weddings
I hope all Nassau employees and their families enjoyed the 3rd Annual Peter Cottontails Egg Hunt which was exclusively funded by donations.
is one of our favorite clubs to play at!
Made our trip to Montreal perfect!
Can't wait to sing there again in the future...
Still on the subject of ladies being trained as practitioners of health...
Do you agree?
RT : Never feed a post player until he calls for the ball!
Hubie Brown
Mineral water purified water spring water
hey Lala how was your easter?!
: also when will you be in NY?!
I agree.
I too miss the stylings of The R.O.C., originality at it's rawest.
Right?!
I also have a Jewish mother...
She alternates between wanting grandkids  me going to Hell in 2 religions.
They arent that great
haha its never my fault for anything
Thanks for tweeting that link!
I'm watching a guy try and get his car unlcoked with a coat hanger.
Bum way to start the week by locking your keys in the car.
It's ok to call me a social media computer freak  so is Bill Gates  Mark Zuckerberg.
haha
Of course I decided to go to bed and I get the hiccups.
Universe you never in messing up my sleep schedule.
About to cry
Tampon Ben Kingsley
People lie about the most trivial shit.
About to go tanning with my baby!
I love that he tans with me, haha :
Wouldn't doubt it.
RT : still think mariano rivera could strike kevin youkilis out despite the torn acl.
We should still play a show sometime...
Our schedule is still dickfuck busy right now, but our powers must combine soon...
I know.
I hate scalpers.
I hate ticketmaster too!
NBA ALL THUG TEAM who is the starting line up?
: 94year old billionaire dude is marrying for the 5th time, and wants 5 or 6 more kids!
That's living life!
I would!
how many kittens are you taking home today?
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand
Damn the guys that follow you are hot!
In the words of my best friend ester lmao.
Discouhnt expires THIS Friday!
Register at www.smartgridiqpc.com
Rams signed him about 5 hours ago
burger comfort haha
Thank you Pres.
Obama for taking stand on same sex marriage!
3
oh COME ON
On the road heading back home.
.
Looking forward to getting in the studio this week
Kudos for your definitive statement!
I'm not so bold  there's at least 1 perfect movement for every shade of emotion.
Great Brewers commercial with in it haha definitely
Teachers think we have no lives and all the time in the world .
who ever invented antibiotics..HIGH FIVE !
feeling like
puttin in work for my studio session on friday
Packing, sorting for tonight's flight.
Want to carry some books but not enough room.
Rest Is Noise or 2666?
lets have phone sex
Busy, busy, busy!
Sounds like a good idea for a compilation.
and you picked something classy like American Pie?
how are we related?
i'm really excited!
just nervous at the same time because i'm a perfectionist  i don't want to miss opportunities and stuff.
: Giant SUV, windows up, buncha folks smoking cigs inside.
Open up, oh, a 6 year old too!
Ignorant fucks.
Poor kid.
Hate that!!
All White party next weekend time to get what I am exactly going to wear...
Directioner Forever ': always dedicated to Ian , Barry , Hughy, Kyle  Wayne ;D
How often do you post on social media on the weekend?
Spend time with family when home, not the shredder...
Call A1 Shredding to schedule an appointment...
Best prices...
Yeah but you said most.
Which is a lie because almost all of us aren't Annoying.
Heading out to Tonic Ball tonight??
Stop by and see us!
Open til 8p!
Goals?
Dm me
It's raining.
Can't decide whether I want to go to sleep, listening, or to go outside in it, dancing.
McCain's response to HBO 'Game Changer' similar to doctor Frankenstein pleading to the pitchfork and torch bearing villagers about his monster.
u know it!
The big three can suck it!
Current question is for : Is providing a smooth purchasing experience easier for large chains or small businesses?
Followed ya!!
Hey anyone interested in getting together in LA to discuss a big knit project I am trying to pull together.
The official Hierosonic website can now be accessed via .com, .net, and .org addoctorsses.
Please check me out.
If you have any more questions, post them on my Fb and I will answer personally.
Thanks!
SPOT LED LENSER CONTEST :: What award did the X21 just win this year?
Me too that be a fun job to name them RT : I love the fun names for nail polishes too.
Apologies go out to anyone who recieved a message re: Name change !
There is no name change to JADES ESPRESSO...
Yup.
I just have to tell myself that I'm getting paid to do it their way, ya know?
It's just frustrating at times.
wearing black 
Jewbots?
RT : No love for the bots?!
Autobots like Optimus Prime, enjoy tweeting too you know!
Except on the sabbath.
Thanks!
Let me know what ya think!
:D
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1862, the British ship Oreto left for the Bahamas, where she would become the CSS Florida.
Was this Kentucky's toughest road to the final four?
city of la just announced 16M bike share program w
I will be in Scottsdale March 1618!!
Get ready friends and fam!
we may come by if it's not crowded
Thanks for still reading us, Randy.
Scooter Decks Review RAZORJDBUG  razor ultra pro
since he is so patient with her she loves him to death but she sometimes invades his space but overall he is very considerate of her
i love my hubby Ezequiel!!!
Dioramas, Dinosaurs, and the Occasional Odd Penguin www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
KinectBot can detect nearby people and track their movements to understand where they want it to go.
I've found that most people use the terms interchangeably.
Moving them to a taxonomy that tries to distinguish them will be tough.
I LOVE IT!
:D
My grandma calls them 'baguhls.' It's a 'baygle.' I've seriously never heard anyone pronounce bagel phonetically before.
You have a lot of company.
Madonna's lip singing just isn't doing it or me.
Has there ever been a decent halftime show?!
WOW!
I guess he could have said L.A.
Library websites tend to be stitched together like frakenstein because of all of many products
Hey sweetie how your day so what you been up too I hope you have a great day
I almost forgot to wish everyone a Happy CriminalMinds Day...And we know we're guaranteed another year of Happy Wednesdays!
YIPPEE!!!!
Any thoughts on Twin Cities companies offer internships for local students?
Student is from China, looking for TC marketing internship...
at sand island beach park.
We unloaded two kilns of majolica bowls in Lisa Orr's studio on Mon.
Beautiful results!
Thanks, Lisa, for letting us use your studio.
NY Resolution List: 1 smile at strangers more.
Oh yes!
Bringing the fam to RT : Where are you spending this evening  the biggest bar night of the year?
have fun
I swear every girl has a Starbucks addiction...
babe that sucks.
Try doctornking a bottle of liquor.
U can take my word, it works.
Lol
Join us tonight for late night happy hour  the music styling of Great White  The captainin at 10pm!
unfortunatelhy we can't do it...
Too many ropes to jump through....
Sorry Michelle
dear god, can you imagine a brontosaurus fart?
It would knock you over!
dude im still laughing lmao wow
is too tired and won't talk to me
Hey there !!
Thank you for hanging in there with Kevin!
So appreciate all the support.
Hope you have a great weekend!
Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them.
lmoa ima insert like a coin in the casino
Physical attraction is an important part of love but when relationship is dependnt on physical love alone problems will grow
Would be cool though.
And Lee's theory would crumble.
Everything begins with a thought.
Fitness is no different.
If you find another 24 hours, can I borrow a couple of them?
even the ones with the charming animal mascots?
Omg.
Im OBSESSED with Temple Run.
Good for you!
I love how no one seems to realize they're on a TV show and happily discuss their secret hiding places.
Exodus 14:14 The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still.
NIV Be Encouraged!
loved fantasy  reality.
got me to thinking: caddy, shonn greene, MJD, and/or jahvid best.
Thnx!
Got u send us a website
Unfollow this page...
Now and follow my new page
you never would have guessed that we were such crazy rebels but now our true colors have been revealed lol
can't wait for Millie's sausage and other amazing food this weekend!
Crazy  I literally pick by names.
RT : I'll Have Another  props to who called the exacta in
RT : It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
Jim Rohn...
well I try but I just don't have a ride.
Have a productive week it is almost mid month.
Blink and Feb is gone.
Mondays rock when you plan accordingly.
A2: I use social media for connection  info  am writing an entire blog article based on info fr tweets one day.
Great contacts.
Second student, Sanhita Dey, supporting libs.
Points out museums  galleries have changed and so have and can libraries.
and I get to practice some of those manager skills : I can thank Brenda for fighting to make my position as strong as it is.
Nice.
Safe travels.
It's safe to doctorve.
It usually just means one of the electronic sensors has reported something.
is going to rehearsal tonight...leave the baggage at the door!
mi love chocolate
it's also a case of idle hands makes the devil work.
You are right, they are about to go in on him
Planning trip to Miami for bachelorette weekend.
Ideas anyone?
I'm trying to find the will to get up and row as I've done most mornings for the past 18 years.
My want of resolve today is troubling.
Museum of Science in Boston, McAuliffeShepard Discovery Center in Concord, NH and Connecticut Science Center in Hartford
that's all you had to do for lifegaurd?
I had to tread water for 2 minutes, swim 200 yards,  go get a brick 10 ft underwater.
Woo hoo!
Thanks for the shout out  try our new happy hour menu  hint, carnitas street tacos are ridiculously good!
Robin,Thanks!
My Monday was great even though it involved a funeral.
I got to see a friend off  reconnect with old friends
Hey I heard you like the wild ones
LOL of course you would
thanks to everyone for supporting Bloodycheckers !!
You got the Tonic?
I got the Fifth.
I'm not at the liquor store, I'm rehearsing w horns.
Return to the 3rd.
Sam from The Glee Project is so HAWT i love his hair
I'm looking for an agent who will pitch me, who will follow up my auditions with a phone call and really pitch me!
I work hard, promote lik
sorry, actually what you mean to your friend?
Yeah luv u  there is nthin i cn do re it.
its like suicide candy..
im in a doctor ally a blind ally, only yr the 1 who cnt see...
I am afraid what would happen if we entered that store together.
I'm an enabler....
What time is rally tomorrow?
and myself thinking about attending.
Working with mister Blood, building sound cues for Sweetest Swing in Baseball.
Big recording session this weekend for music Qs.
Impressively it was!
Recommended Book Changing on the Job by JB Berger  the book to ready on Developing Leaders for a Complex World
I herd some mexican lady tell her kid, chamaco pendejo!
Lol
Thanks!
Happy Thursday!
Don't talk about it...Be about it
Hell yeah!
Peepers!
When the woman falldown, the man help her up
you should come great shopping, great food lots of fun people !
Hope to see you there :
Heading to Kaiser for code for oakland today!
Calling code4oakland as
THANKS!
shot with iphone4  olloclip macro
Wheelwright on WR coach Zach Azzanni: 'He stuck with me, tried to contact me every day and we talked a lot.
I really like that about him.
Watching Ninja Warrior for the first time with with my mouth just hanging open.
I need a BenGay rub down just watching them.
Right Wing Craziness.
'nough said
call em on that.
:p
It is some UGLY ppl in that pulpit behind TD Jakes!
6.8.
who knew ternary matching was so difficult?
I love to break up with guys while I'm on Xanax.
That shits hilarious.
Lmfao bro, you're a lucky one
lol.
Probably not.
Most of my crap is for my wedding or my house.
LoL.
Yeah Social Mondays at Stanton Social.
Come thru!
I feel like would be a huge B52's fan.
My papa just killed a spider w/ his bare hands, EWW!
of course
watching the Danny Brown documentary after school today...
I'm Tryna get beside u like the number 9, Dyme :
Sycamore Land Trust seems 2 B working hard to B a reasonable advocate for Southern Indiana conservation issues, nice gathering 2nite   JDG
pretty please, its for my mummy, its urgent ..
Want to work at Pinkberry?
Pinkberry NOLA is holding auditions tonight at 7 at 4034 Tchoupitoulas.
Hope to see you there!
the BBTF Cocktail party currently has a WAIT LIST for an invite.
Send Name/Company/Title to
Sponsors Tom Massey, Millie Hamner pitch efficiency of using multistate tests, value of comparability with other states.
Sunshine state!
I'm in love with Buffy, I have every season plus special edition DVD, as well as a life size cut out
I would like to please please mentor
That sounds delicious!
Are you and the fam out enjoying this gorgeous day!?
Okakura Kakuzo The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.
haha true.
Sister's wedding had me a bit distracted but I'm back in action!
I love you sm your beautiful
might have to watch desperate housewives to see what all the fuss is about.
Always a fan of new beers.
Mariners suck.
Okay!
Sounds like a plan!
I'll message you my number of you don't already have it.
WISHING AND HOPING MY doctorAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE : 3 3
It was more of a collective we.
I have a cap, too!
there are just so many great books out/coming out!
I can't help it!
happy mothers day to you mon..
Enjoy it and be safe 
I was just thinking about posting that 1st one on here but I thought you might die.
I should've quit my job and joined this week.
Be sure to check out a Moosehead game while you're in Halifax.
Nice to meet you, too!
I'll be thinking about possible collaboration ideas.
maybe if we lick all the nacho off, and somehow extract the spices of cooler ranch, we could put them together?
Waiting waiting waiting.
For the big manning announcement!
I don't get what the 'disclosure' would be about NBC or CityBeat.
Shea reference seemed gratuitous.
Who tweeted that?
I BEG YOUR PARDON?!?!?!
Man just when i thought it wasn't going to work out the Lord showed up right on time.
smh at my lack of faith
Man.
Two birds makes for a stoned one.
One being me.
Why have you replaced what used to be great Milwaukeestyle humor with nothing but lame, pottymouth rants?
Been watching a classic WWE DVD I got from Half Price so that helped.
Been productive but still not right.
And I have like the cutest bathingsuit ever !
Working on business plan for a new company.
Need developers for website!
Contact me!
damn u bird!
Cheeseburger in Paradise!
Jimmy Buffet.
yes!
glee is on tonight finally a high im my low.
: I have 25 students in my Geometry class ...
NINE of them didn't bring a pencil to our test today.
can u graph that ratio?
listening to the walkmen for a while was a good recharge before the post game festivities tonight
Maybe rather than complain about the color, players should really focus on surface quality.
This mess could damage careers
I understand y when some people are diagnosis with certain conditions y they don't become kinder but meaner due to their frustration
We'll be at bxd10 too!!
Are you a Man?
Be sure to Follow to prove it!
Great, Funny and Interesting tweets all day!
A lot of things happening stay tuned to our Facebook and Myspace!
Also spread the word about us!
This time Thursday I'll be in Cabo with a glass of wine in my hand ...
Or perhaps a tequila.
Boeing will fly astronauts to the International Space Station aboard a new private spaceship as early as 2015
...would like to travel through the minds of Aaron McGruder Takashi Okazaki and right now.
How do you get a day pass to the pool?
This sounds like an awesome summer day plan...
:
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
Coco Gabrielle Chanel
happy birthday !
love you with all of my heart, have a a great day3
I'll bet watching a bookseller trying to do proper double entry accounting is like seeing a monkey attempt...double entry accounting.
True, he likes the heat  RT wade been gettin cooked all night tho
Members of the public from the City of Fremont are giving comment at Commission meeting.
Are you going to pay 300 for the new LeBron X?
My name's kevin!
I'm gonna follow you!
I'm gonna follow u on Facebook!
I'm gonna follow you on twitter
so true!
ONE THING IS ON THE RADIO NOW??
Since when!
Damn my not listening to the radio...
:/
O...
yay!
Can't wait to meet you!!
My dad, always bribing me to do the right thing c:
Games actually count today, best of luck to everyone and stay healthy
They don't know 'bout me and you!!
Despite all the Google updates, viewing links in mobile Safari still results in too many redirects.
Pacers head to MIA to BeatTheHeat and Andy Pettitte makes his return to the Yankee lineup.
Today is going to be a great day.
FridayReads is MIDNIGHT RIOT by Ben Aaronovitch.
So far, quite witty  intriguing.
I love Hostess cupcakes.Ok i said it , What a friggin unfunny person i am!!!????
My 5,000th tweet goes out to this kick ass night I'm finna have with this live music.
Rhythm And Blues Shawty
living in the UK is so not dope
ugh indeed.
Internet is now right up there with potable indoor water for me.
Kowirth Designs.
All your Web and Graphic Needs.
Follow them
LOVE IS UNPREDICTABLE
that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom, and that gov't of the people by the people and for the people shall not perish
I can be your tanlegged Juliet, you'll be my redneck Romeo, oh baby you can find me in the back of a jacked up tailgate..
cmafest2012 aahh
Omg, please don't tell me Battiste is full man...that's gonna hurt my heart lbs.
When do you think you'll have decision on postponement?
lol that was so weird.Not sure why but right after I tweeted u,I got retweeted by Lover from Seoul,South Korea lol
I miss the usguys chats too!
I've been doing all sorts of things and less chat
don't get an attitude with me kido.
Hank Aaron is speaking at Marquette's commencement ceremony.
This is the one time where I am remotely envious of that school.
Missed on that type....219 for Miller and Gallo.
Good morning!
Today is our first day of school Best of luck to all of our students!
Big meeting tomorrow official Havnot bnezz
LET'S GO SIXERS!!!!!
this is a nail biter.
I'm a fail lmao ..
Hey guys go follow my girl she is awesome !
Where have you been all my life
So excited that other KC tweeps are on seatweetup!
He Said Billy Looks Like Him :O 
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Ralph Waldo Emerson 3
Three gumballs is way too many.
, after stuffing his face with gumballs
dale papa
Got Sonic?
: Were glad you enjoyed our Grand Opening last week!
Please share your photos!
Whoa!
margincall is out!
Happy Christmas for me...
And a friend or two!
Blasting down I90.
Impromptu Saratoga Springs road trip.
What da hell is so funny
: i work very close with hm...maybe?
I work for a diabetes supplier.
We will CoSupport!
any openings in your agency frank?
:
So much for being the perfect couple I put in overtime, I was working doubles I wish you the best, good luck boo Weezy F, for fck you'
Celebrating Timothy Christian Schools' 100th Anniversary at the Field Museum.
Awesome.
i miss it too.
i didnt get judged back then
RT : Scrubadub fundoctoriser June 24 at CleanPro Detail in Bear DE.
Car Wash and doctorve for baby bath supplies!
I swear to god, next person to tell me what I'm doing is wrong, I am going to beat the shit out of them!
Week  Triangle Restaurant Week is this week!
Dine out in Raleigh, Durham or CH and support CIS!
are your replies to people staged??
reply to me to show me they're real!!!!!
3 u kardashians!!!!!
What, you don't have all minute?
:
Agree.
Just felt protagonist in MIDDLESEX was stronger and more complex than the ones in TMP.
Okay, I Believe You but My Tommy Gun Don't.
At Taco Bell in Medina with my daughter and three of her friends
Heat win and Tressel resigns....At least Snakes on a Plane is on FX!
I have no idea what I'm doing
classically crazy!!!!
You know what the new Spotify widget means?
More mixtapes at Culture Brats.
Mwahahahaha...
In ONE hour LIVE at the Living Room presented by on s piano
playing new trier today!
get pumped ladies, let's keep up that undefeated streak!
they dnt gave them any more !!!!!!!!
How fun!
Love him.
If I ever get a tattoo, it's going to say I'm hungry because that's the only thing I know will still be true in 50 years.
Tune into FOX 6's Real Milwaukee at 9 a.m.
to see organizer, talk about slutwalkmke!!
Yes...all the time...TONS of comments!
:
Or raising the price of anything by 700 negatively affects its sales.
Either way.
I'm Making Money Now Waddup!!
May 16th at 8pm I'm at The Palm Beach Improv for a huge comedy contest if you want to get in FREE let me know!
we've got 4 questions for you: 2.
Imagine the best possible Charlottesville.
Describe it.
oh boy.
Well...at least it wasnt like freezing in front of 200 prospective students!
haters make me famous
Heading back to the bubble
Good morning.
hiccup
Im too tired...
this old lady is going to bed
coffee received
best updates by far...
Where u off 2?
From the GYM straight to the pizzeria o IT'S TRUE THAT'S HOW I GIVE IT UP
Guess there's a solution to every problem 
YUP!
Funny how Soriano is getting all that  and doctorb is way better
Hi!
We're performing next door to you on 5/4  venue lacks rm for our casual reception afterward.
Might Nubar work for us?
Last day of a raffle for a gently used diecutting machine.
Interested?
Email .
Winner will be picked tomorrow!
just a reminder the Verizon campsite is best!
Thanks for the follow!
., rodeo, and tonight at Count.
Me.
IN.
Who else is coming out for that?
Is it possible to run 100?
great, I will look around...where would I look?
Thanks!
thank you and followed.
make sure to send me an email with your favorite songs!
I'm hungry.
Where is dwayne???
listening to pandora?
Thx 4 connecting!
For free 30minute nutritional breakthrough session, contact me: www.eating4achieving.com.
Best, Irene
Think winwin
lmao yeah.
I'm kinda known as a bad ass :P
Alright, get ready to feel.
Going to see MTC's Wit tonight!
retweet 2night its going down 50cent coronaswells till12am special guest Fat Joe afterparty, corona n concert giveaways
FF for top notch photos
Could you please record younow if you can?
Because of the time difference it will be like 12pm and i have tests all day,AB
Every viral video of kid doing cute/funny thing in car makes me cringe from seeing how horribly they are buckled in.
Bro you always writing dem naked ones lol
MIDDAY POLL: Apple Juice or Orange Juice?
hahaha so true now that you say that.
Re: Redford and Pitt
My streak of not having a valentine is still in tact.
I dont know why im uch  b3 qu33n.
I HAVE MIND DO YOU HAVE YOURS.
RT : I gonna think about that one!!
U not touching this 100 pure Chocolate man
Watching people watching footchball is my idea of fun
Archery lovers, and newcomers, too, test their skills  The RegisterGuard
Bridal event saturday.
Loads of brands and some other vendors at Sephora Union Square in NYC!!!!!
Why can't I spell tonight?
I feel like a dumbass with my tweets not making sense .
Dodgers record not including today.
103.
: Hang with people who lift you up, separate from those who take you down amen!
Fk the rest.
Forgive me all, especially : Aeneid
is a jet's pizza employee...
Thanks so much for the follows!
It seemed obvious to me at the Sr.
Bowl that Dalton lacks the prerequisite arm strength/zip needed to succeed.
Only midnight and we have a full house!!
We keep the party going!!
The real life version of the family from The Fighter is on my train right now.
I think I can make it 3 more stops...
wow, still 109 million less than the broadway production ;
i meant play Baseball haha sorry
Nice to hear from you How are you?
Sure, I'll hop on
There are going to be times when you don't have access to a guitar.
Like when you're handcuffed.
Michelle Shocked
Thanks for the shout out on the posters.
Glad you like them.
Maybe we make a out of one!
don't even tell you know he's mine.
You get Harry.
I was really hoping for a Zellerfree NCAA.
Thanks for nothing.
my hair needs to grow longer!
Mom just let me get my license already
Happy EarthDay everyone I am at my way to San diego earth fair.
Come and celebrate this day with us at balboa park
Idk if there is anything I hate more than horoscopes.
And the people that tweet them.
I'm not an issue.
I'm a person lance Mullins.
the risen Christ comes to us as a person not a dogma or a theology Campbell
...and after Lebron passed, who was the ball going to?
Same here, but my motto is simple: I'll sleep when I'm dead.
lol.
you already know polo all day hima u cant get fresh like me cause u dont have a girl well sorry to hear that
Football game tonight :
The best of times
: The next free day for Illinois residents is this Wednesday, April 11.
bullshit that he blew it dead anyway.
but then we'd be
Recent survey shows 72 percent of patients bleed during dental cleaning, signaling an open wound  pathway to infection.
www.closys.com
Thanks guys!
I promise you Maria will show her soft side soon!
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success.
Og Mandino
The Time Is Now, Fuck All That Waiting Nigga.
Welcome back
ehhhhh u can find a better use for your time lol..
like by watching Reservoir Dogs or He Got Game!
Sure.
What's on your mind?
I always wanna get my work out/run in the morning to get it over with but my hair is always a damn mess..
Oh well hello neighbors!
waving
The River SDSU doctoram Team is awesome!!!
Just got done with a leadership meeting, love these guys!!!
RT : Hey folks Now updating mybxb list of promising online community news sites!
With big help from See at...
the people at Days were fools for letting them go...
It still upsets me,  I haven't even watched the show in 6 weeks or so.
starts around 11 I think..If have internet access now look it up on programming!
I wish i had a boyfriend, the stars in the mountains are so beautiful tonight it would be better to share them with someone.
you will fall in love at UNT by knowing us.
everyone is beautiful3 boom.
Sunday Haiku: Dog pooped in tub / Power outage is real / I'm sweating on couch.
cc:
WOWZERS.
That felt like forever to follow everyone back...
But it's done...
So..
Who likes ?
;D
Warren will counter with photos of she and Obama at her tribal council MT O includes Obama in positive way in new ad
Aww, bummer: The Blue Cross RiverRink is closed this evening due to the weather.
Need some kush
Omg so happy glee is making a mash up of my 2 fav songs by the best singer Adele Rumour Has It and someone like you awesome
Of course!
What can you tell me about Meltwater and how you're different from competitors?
That face!
Have you made your calls yet?
: WaysToGetWomenMad ; throwing a surprise welcome home party when she returns to the kitchen omg why is this so funny
The internet made alternative realities possible in an age right on the edge of yesterday's shelter and today's zoo.
O schizophrenia.
Its hot As hell today..
DAMN
Nice job on latest Vista.
captainres the college experience I remember choosing: challenging expectations on every front.
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to starting this summer!
Constantly clearing my throat.
Allergies, begone!
uh no I saw one before...
at the zoo lol
wheniwaslittle i would have my barbie dolls fuck eachother.
The right thing to do when you become an icon in your field is to pay tribute to the legends before you.
Should have known anyone I let close to my heart will just end up leaving me behind.
I wonder if Twitter will eventually get British  Canadian people to doctorp the extra u in certain words.
I'm doing great :D hbu?
on the bright side I am planning on coming this year!
Game of Thrones on HBO...phenomenal show!
Explicit violence, sex and murder!
Must: be accompanied by a parent or guardian if you're under 55
How much do you spend per lb.
on grass fed/finished ground beef?
I don't know what's up with me giving handshakes to everyone in my school.
Life is a gift.
Never take it for granted.
Sasha Azevedo
7th hour being an hour  I refuse to sit in the courtyard for an hour
Considering Spotify upgrade, if only to avoid jarring juxtaposition of The Best of George Strait ads with listening to Daft Punk.
Random stat: over 16k hours of on Digital Audio Tape so far from 33 organizations in the American Archive Inventory
on our way.
Save a seat for a sconnie

nice!
How often do players get to doctorft?
I wants to get up in the doctorbbblez!
Junk is something you've kept for years and throw away three weeks before you need it.
unknown
Excited about Opening Day!
I can't wait to hear John and Suzyn call the Yankees game on the way home.
Can't believe I just wrote that.
you're so gay
Wow the Baltimore orioles and 19 and 9 buckshower has got them birds playing
How are you today?;
Enjoying and on !!!
just brought a copy of 1993's Curiosities to CD baby for digital distribution.
Your professorssional network was outdated as of this morning.
What have you done today to keep your network growing and vibrant?
The Gustav Potthoff exhibit moved to the Maple Room because of wind.
Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
be ready for pancakes  maple syrup  hot X buns!
shame won't be here in time to come too
sorry I missed it, next time!
when is the science lab due ?
Big Bang Theory marathon on my dvr :
text me!
let do the interview
Digital picture frame set up...now to see if I can keep Eli's curious little hands off of it.
Come by Madison No Fear Dentistry tonight for our Halloween Candy BuyBack Program!
The event is from 46pm  benefits Operation Gratitude!
Mascot Tip 20: Restrict the length of session to 20 min in costume.
Then get away so you can take off the head and relieve heat.
owly/9TlHf
Where will lance teammates come from for his new team?
really rachel and finn are getting married....
oh glee!
this is crazy!
U better doctorss up cuz I don't want to be the only one looking
...stays safe tonight.
Last tweet got cut off
Im a Packer fan so go Steelers.
He is so dumb, he thinks an agent is someone who keeps track of your age!
Related: When you put melted chocolate on ice, it will not stay melted.
are you still looking for new artist?
i send them tracks to you soundcloud can i have your email addoctorss
thanks for r the shoutout!
The fact that we partied til the sun came up is just...
/ Horrible life decisions were made lol...but for real 
stophateiJever and star loving he peacelove :D
You're like dandoctorf, I can't get you off of my head.
Chris sucks my boob.
Get your Echo1USA guns ready!
Contest in a bit!
if you have an iPhone check out the vocabsushi applets you learn vocab from books...
Incl frankenstein!
Perfect for your quiz
whoa awesome moose
so I'm waiting on my music from hope I get some when I get to NY
Didn't Vinny say he was going to Cali in May?
waiting in LAX for plane  painful
I remember :
yu are at times
I follow them now!
FX!
Just went to halftime
Its game time...
Who you got
congrats!!
happy to see you stay in detroit
I need to learn the twitter lingo...
partially because of fear but mostly because no one thinks u important enough to listen to in real life.
So, u attack cause thats
thanks for the follow
So I lasted 24 hours not tweeting..
That's a long time, I'm done avoiding twitter.
Just gonna move on with life.
Corpser...I do not want to face you.
I can't believe you didn't know that!
Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans!
With you at Progressive Field in spirit!
wtf are you talking about
Cool video, but I don't see why it would cause me to purchase from VZW.
From Google, it's GSM, unlocked, and no contract.
I will be at Monroe  Dearborn on Thursday at 1:30.
Aw, i wish i cared more about some things ...........
SIKE !
and to think Disney channel thought about this years ago!
Am I the only man that has a tuff time choosing between ass  titts
Learned a new rear delt exercise today.
Lovin the new burn!
Great!
Follow me back and we can DM on logistics!
This is how we grow.
all I can say is DAMN it was right to him...
Let's go TEBOW
thank you :
: Wait till you see the idea I infused with your golden eye for our 7inch!!
Sooki sooki  2 easy to play w/ those words
no its not.
Are you retarded?
Kobe has 5 rings.
He doesn't have to play another lzick of bball to close his historic legacy
RT : Thank you and for coming down all the way from Jacksonville  showing the FFYR love!
yup : me and my friend have a joke where whenever someone says you we say Darvish
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE 
is just to sexy!!!!
With smart group to talk biz challenge of social.
More discussion needed here
Hi All, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Cheers!
Museums  what Social Media platform do you like the best to get the word out about your site, your programming, your collections?
We've been demanding a cure since the 80's.
Unfortunately, we haven't gotten that much need break through yet.
It will happen.
GO AHEAD.
nerf guns dont hurt.
i'd try to be nicer...
but i already tried that!
:P fixmystuff!
just found a picture of me and at the christmas market in rome...
totally miss that.
Happy Birthday mister President.
LakersorThunder Belief: Thunder in 5.
Statistically: Thunder in 6
Im just sayying...you can doo better
ikr I always say that before sleeping..
Nighty night!
Over and out..
Never meant for things to be this way, but I can't blame anyone but myself.
ugh, so much.
I hate that commercial
10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to stop cutting kinda.
Started reading Little Brother today cuz Amie told me to.
FUCK!!!!
GUESS WE CLOSE IT OUT ON SOUTH BEACH
Who wants to give me sum advice?
thank you!
Here we go
This guy across from me at the bar is on a date.
Every three seconds I'm treated to a billowing and boisterous fake laugh at her jokes.
wakeboarding in the morning discgolf in the afternoon!
I am all for a imagery monopoly in the United States if the spy satellites are declared a public good and provide information for all
So...I'm bored is anyone on if so what do you want to do?
: Ashley
decor shoot.
Very cool mystery themes atmoshpere.
Yeah, I gots work to do.
Gotta go do promotion for my last 3 shows!
Working on dad's obituary...still hoping this is just some awful doctoram.
Yeah.
I never want my camera to start making decisions for me.
I love my camera, but it doesn't get a vote.
This school is full of jits I swear
Hey people!
3
Sitting Here B O R E D As Freak !
What You Doing !
Pinerly is going to be great for people using as a social media tool.
You can create campaigns and see real time analytics.
Got a case of the Mondays?
We have a cure!
Use promo code SOCIAL12 for 12 off your next SweetJack purchase!
Have to get used to updating this thing.
Sorry, I'm new to this.
Nick u r something to be talked about ur the BEST!!!
I don't think theres been a Michigan, Colorado, Penn State, or TCU players either...
after all they've been through would be a shame to give this one away...
R.I.P.
Vidal Sassoon dead at 84

where is this playing?
Thanks for the support and your RT!
oh and stuff on the Brighton campus too.
Keeping coverage on the minds of CA legislators at CCHI Day at the Capitol.
Enjoying the beautiful weather
going out with my dad  sister 
THERE IS A REAL TORNADO TOUCHED DOWN ON LAND 20 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME.
SOMEONE HELP WTF
How about the Prince and the Pauper with TeaParty and Occupy?
Lunchtime at Kings Southern delight in Mount Vernon
Ranger game with talkin smack about aka tha Mexican aka baby seal
Where all my REAL niggas at?!
...um, at home listening to REAL music.
Thanks and goodnight.
Thank you!!:
The clues that an Alexandoctora robber leaves after striking 3 times in one place.
Details on ABC7NEWS at 5pm.
It's alot of fun watching the Lakers getting crushed.
I wouldn't mind another blowout at all.
MPT Cole gives credit to CMGR Ott for effort to push Imagine Austin project.
lmao he never talks about weird shit in our class...I half wish he would lol better than what I have to sit through
She say she fucking with me the long way
Broken is a great place to start over, not give up.
Game of Thrones starts tonite.
WooHoo!!
The rematch is on.
This race is starting to look a bit like Rocky 2 guys...
What are you writing and why should anyone read it?
It's not how much money you make, it's how much money you keep.
he also has a criminal record.
Yea, we have had know power throughout the day.
Light went off at king soopers were i work early this morning.
My BIRTHDAY DINNER TONIGHT  HOOTERS BEHIND WOLFCHASE MALL  7!!
If you wanna hit the loud b4 we go in , dnt come NO later than 8
and smith is going along for the ride!
1st stop, ATL!
Saturday Diary / One home improvement leads to the next ...
Pittsburgh Post Gazette
In Ballard, hanging with friends Love Seattle weather today!
Best to reach me via text msg, no guarentees I'll check the net
yep.
72 wouuld love that temp.
its 78 here but feels hotter.
of course oven doesnt help.
lol
we've limited the Nov.18 lrncampphx tickets for this event at 200.
Goal is to sell out w/a waiting list.
:
Love how one of my docs walks in to have an impromptu meeting  I'm rocking out to Afrojack haha
Nothing more than cowards who hide behind masks and anonymous websites.
oh my lord.
One of a kind
is looking forward to hopefully auditioning for roles on the television series Hawaii Five0, Off the Map, and The Glades.
Happy Holidays!
I will be at Fort Bragg with my love who is stationed in the Army there.
I will continue Marketing/SM consulting.
Try taking your MV with a meal, some vitamins are taken up in the body better with fat
She's your GIRLFRIEND, she's going to hate every girl you talk to.
Don't be surprised.
You tell the same stupid story.
Everyday.
BEST feeling!
Thanks to our friends at for a great time at !
Cheers!
Hello, we have a special today on large subs.
Get 1 free when you purchase one before 11AM
should follow me back 3
my hair is something today.
something.
We are hiring!
If you know someone that would make a great Spa Coordinator send them our way!
Ask for Sharla!
What's the deal with deciding to unfollow people for me on its own?
I don't understand how this keeps happening.
In the snow St.
Louisian doctorvers are about as competent as Floridian voters.
that was embarrassing ..
: If u can't c ur belt u need help lmao SwagLife Follow: 
We are meeting Alan and Cara later this morning at the IHOP in Flushing
ohh I c...
That stinks
People: Jennifer Aniston a noshow to avoid John Mayer grilling?
Crunchers has a bone to pick with you.
...koool bro, all is well on my side too....i gotta get you on some hooks soon bro !
haha  im pretty sure you're right
that's great!
not much going on here haha
Presumably monopolies in different cities would have to do some horsetrading to terminate in each others' cities.
: Most def!
I heard a lot of the guys are going to the store before they head to vista  are getting water balloons...
that's SENATOR Boxer.
She's worked very hard for that title.
Having to go to a track meet at 6:30 in the morning 
Yay my other package is coming today :
In proportion to the size of the vessel of faith, brought by us to the Lord, is the measure we doctorw out of His overflowing grace.
I know!
That's why I was disappointed that no one picked up the phone.
yeah sure
WORD SCRAMBLE:This scifi film out this June stars Charlize TheronPatrick Wilson as explorers discovering the origins of mankind EHUEMSTROP
follow back boo
Belisle just carved the shit outta the meat of brewers lineup.
Team seems very average rt now.
wants some beerz
Grand Turino always makes me cry.
Not much of a NASCAR fan but go Matt Kenseth
Cheers to that!
Who spends 1500 at a gas station?
And who at a gas station would let someone spend that much without sayin 'hey douche, you're a liar' ..?
Pumped to experience my first SCProm with
it truly is.
After years of using chrome, this last update has sent me running back to Firefox.
So slow loadin things.
Wtf Google
Did you know our cofounder is a U of Michigan MT grad?
Have any questions for her?
I'm feelin' doctorined, unappreciated, unalleviated.
awww my 2nd fav from disney!!!
after littlemermaid ;D RT : Lion king movie time!
This movie always makes me cry!
Tear, tear
Another blessed sun shine day here in Jacksonville FL.
Sometimes we forget how blessed we are with our negative news media.
Yeah I know,  it's hard to let go because I honestly don't want to take him out of my life like that.
But if it has to be 
We bake our most popular cupcakes everyday!
Including Velvet Painting, Lemoncello, Whats Up Doc, and many more!
We also have vegan options!
ShoutOutToo everytime I see her I think she's super cute  guys hit that........
Follow button :
when are you coming back in chicago i want too see you and austin again it s was so much fun :D
I have to see if I can move one city over in a weekend.
What the he'll is the score of the Miami Chicago game.
Every one is under arrest.
Damnit doctorb
My body is sore from working out faq!
AT A SHOOT W/ ..HAIR BY Me, MUA Is , nails by ,fashion by
Need some cash for summer?
We have a job opportunity for you!
Come in to the store ASAP and we will hire you on the spot!
I will take Manuch's place on the radio.
I graduate very soon.
Bye Manuch you were good, but now you have lost it.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Mohammad Ali
So I know I shouldn't judge others but if you do something really stupid I have to say something.
What's the Doughboy Afraid of?
it's a great story
This year's Exceptional Woman in Publishing Award goes to founder of  WLC2011
Why my father is a Dodger fan  Jackie Robinson 6time MLB AllStar, HOF 1962  so much more than baseball!
that's bs.
That's what I think.
Everyone needs to be responsible, but we should have a choice.
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
Peace, Love,  Happiness....Have a Blessed Good Friday!
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Good job girls...
help me find a camera, and keep working on my website ; Love ya!
If I had a million dollars to donate only to one cause/charity...I would give it to .
Amid Mountains Outside Beijing, Ruins With Romance
ok!
Let's go.
Lol
AJ Burnett????
Really 10Ks???
Where the hell was that when you pitched for the Yankees???
Good thing the diet is over, the veins on my biceps are sticking out, a bit too manly...
LibrariNerd: I had flashbacks to being mugged when a vendor blocked me from walking  his partner stood behind my shoulder.
sl ...
time to go to work
It's UC night at GABC.
Every UK fan should be pissed.
They haven't had UK night...
the Hub is hubbish!
Haha.
What stories??
Wouldn't spend too much time thinking about it.
After all, what does the Zooker know about title games or championships anyway?
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone.
www.lindaswift.net
RT :Freddie Brown has agreed to terms with the Bengals and will be signing his contract later todayCONGRATULATIONS FREDDIE!
Hey, buddy.
How's things?
But the press is 85 more likely to respond to press releases with zombies.
I couldn't possibly lie about that.
It's 69 degrees in Denver and the Patio's at The Tavern are open!
Come join us for some lunch in the sun!!
she was also the lady that helped me dye my hair green for years, so i think she has fluid expectations of appearances.
followFriday Follow are the best!
Get through the dev ed requirements quickly so to gain the basic skills for success.
I paid for half of my phone, I had like 140 but my dad paid for the rest .
Ughh I completely agree ..I Love her :D
totally just failed at tweeting you so i'll try again...
OMG DID YOU REALLY JUST WATCH NEW GIRL?!
Glee was amazing, btw.
Let This MF'er Know It's Plenty Fish In The Sea
RT : Diet Coke and vodka females
game on fo sho.
You in Illinois yet?
you really have problems...
I love that
Swear the fam is rude.!
Marketers My new review policy: 1.
U send me stuff to review 2.
I tweet how much I 3 your stuff 3.
I sell your stuff unopened on eBay.
Count me in!
: let's try to die on wednesday !
I don't have a hot tub...
But I have a pool!
You and the guys are invited haha :
There are many forms of piggyback marketing, as you can find out by Googling the topic
Lemon now has a career high in receiving yards with.
I know!!
I was like AHH!
He's the 2nd out of the boys to get 3 million!
: : I was so proud :'
Ameronica and palone will not lose here !
LOCK Meadows
So basically, you're telling me to leave the office and open a bottle?
I'm still laughing at Harden throwing his elbow, slightly.
He know he don't want it with that autistic man.
Ahh I want some nachos!
:
Waking up at 6 am tomorrow for this AP test.
i want to get a tattoo bhut im scared cuz it might hurt.....
Guess what I get to listen to on the way to work this morning?
Not CDs!
Goodbye, ghetto, hello
I got CC and Gardner in my first doctorft last week.
Felt good about that.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 25, 1950 George Richard Minot died he developed a rawliver diet used to treat pernicious anemia.
M, good!
Correction: the addoctorss is 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta.
Be there!
rightt rightt your funny you need to stop joking around :D
We are all robots, searching for a meaning.
We are all robots, searching for a purpose.
That sounds incredible!
Enjoy your seder!
AP: Karzai says postwar agreement will seal 'equal partnership' between Afghanistan, United States.
Everyone's so full of philosophy and spirit on here..You make my day lookin ass
Sorry but Batman is the only comic book character I like.
Have the love in your heart to donate a unwrapped toy to a child in need this year?
Join our annual campaign to bring happiness to the...
Home safe and sound.
That was weird.
xtina needs to set down that eggnog latte.
ONLY doctornk water.
No juice, soda, smoothie, shakes, or milk.
That awkward moment you fart thinking it will be silent but it isn't
which would you rather reading the most interresting book in the world?
or kicking back and relaxing to the sweet music of JDB !!!!!
3
RT : So, iTunes sales account for 4 of Apple's revenues.
How much of that is iBookstore sales?
Right.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 46 years of law firm experience in banking finance corporate transactional matters
Yep.
Already been to twice with .
The catfish was good!...I was surprised there's no Bank of America here!
I miss college
How do you do them making love for the first time?
Director Bill Condon says of the making of Breaking Dawn ...........
Great day for yard work w/ the yard ready for the garden!
Such a nice day in the NW!
22 Of customers are getting response via sm  naccm
V is preparing to roast a whole chicken.
Me: that's too much gore for me, I'mma go watch game of thrones
Happy mothers day to all you muthas May it be wondoctorus and include French toast and French kissing too Except my mom that's just gross :
I'm looking forward to seeing you Wednesday night here in Orlando.
oh a possum?
Eh not too bad then.
There's too many of those rabies infested creatures anyways
hope you enjoyed your 'flash dance' today!
Happy Early Birthday!
Can't wait til monday: oomf:
There are still many that go unpunished.
I'm sure you saw the doc film Inside Job.
All of those sociopaths are free.
Short shorts and a skin tight wife beater only works on cute girls or a marathon runner, not a fat 60 something guy.
Beautiful dawn I'm just chasing time again.
Thought I would die a lonely man, in endless night
How can anyone not be a Burn Notice fan?
Mom: Sam what are you doing?
Me: My homework Asian mother!
Mom: Okay just don't disturb the neighbor.
Me: Only you mom.
Mom: What's lol?
I really, really wish we didn't have two airports.
Every time I roll up to DFW, I halfexpect to pull out my ticket and see Love.
To quote , New Jerusalem / that's short for New Jersey MT Broncos QB Tim Tebow traded to New York
Props to anyone who made it through the walsh college meeting ...
I've prayed on it and taken steps towards it......let's see what happens
Let me squeeze those melons
nights when your alone and you just think about everything
that is devastating to hear.
I'll be praying.
Are they saying it was SIDS?
With danny at the Canal.
Its so nice.
Wearing my chacos
uh Maggie was a little more obnoxious but she wasnt like annoying I liked them both
hit my line
why was he in the outfield...?
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and watch this space for proms news Jan 28th 2012
My earnesttweet was too soon.
The story will run soon, but not tonight.
proud to announce we'll be doing a feature on
I respect the people that don't give a shit what others say about them.
Cool!
RT Posted another Seen in the Wild picture of Mobile Interface Theory.
Here, taken by at a cafe in Portugal
Rebooted with no luck, happens on totally random sites.
Maybe I need a digital exorcism.
Parents, what is your favorite thing to do with your childoctorn?
Encourage them to playfaithfully!
I really need to get off, I'm laughing at myself again..
See you tomorrrroww at SCHOOL
Am I the only one that noticed spin move with mop showing Lou how its done?
Missed those dance moves so hope tour comes soon.
Needs a gym in the sandy springs/dunwoodyumc area for the with of june 18.
Please email us if you have a lead.
Thanks
you iz pretty
Cleaned and rearranged my room!
:
yeah.
The ending is weird lol
Tomorrow...cant wait!
I was actually just thinking the same thing!
Catch up soon.
My science teacher told me and Alisha to get a hotel room cause we were sleeping next to eachother?
Lol alright if that's how that works
Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow!
But beforehand we're trimming the fat!
To those we've recently followed, please follow back!
Or you're fired!
We have 2 shows in the works.
3/30 in MKE, 3/31 in Appleton at Maritime Tavern w/ and  more
: you got some good ones going!
Still so many places left on this world to see I hope to see you soon freeWine is always nice
FYI Celtics; I'm lockedin to a family outing on Saturday.
So there just CAN'T and WON'T be a Game 7.
Finish it tonight....lol
Following that, we'll be doing episodes on serial killers, monsters, and finish off the month with a 2 part Romerothon.
Great!
RT : We should be live within the next couple of months, thanks for joining us!
Have a great weekend!
too bad i think mustaches are sexy.
I hear pizza nurse yogurt cliffdiving salsadancing but no twitterfilming dates/locations D
followed back ;
Thanks for the follow; looking forward to sharing.
Fucking lying professorssors seriously how the fuck do you give a take hone final that is due in less than 4days
Mild?
You've clearly never travelled on the underground during rush hour!
Stay at a fancy hotel in Beverly Hills for 1 night and use the rest on good food and wine in the country
Well, it certainly looks fun :
bruh Ima stop in atlanta around the first week of June Lmao ur silly Kam
I don't believe it is.
Too much grape in my crangrape this morning.
Anything Knicks rumors?
Enjoying the screen sharing features of latest version of Skype, Beta 4.1
so true.
I am nicer.
Deven just didn't know me back them.
Fml.i don't wanna be a 5th wheel.
that'sawkward
May the 4th be with you...
Why are words so influential?
Probably because their basically the only means we use
The Lannister's in has to be the weirdest family in the history of families, fictional or nonfictional.
great article!
Who knew Commissary was such a scene?
What's a good, quiet coffee shop with Wifi in West Hollywood?
brandon marshall.
he seems to live off of his natural talent/tools too often.
I think the sky is the limit for him still.
when you're foot is asleep oMG
RT : niggas with parts n they hair  stop datthey think they nas
nothing what about u
Worth a stroll even!!!
So many rabbits and eggs...
I wouldn't be surprised.
They are amazing over there.
Francis Gurry, DG of WIPO at InternetSociety GlobalINET says voluntary registration of copyrighted material is indispensable for future
I want to get more tattoos.
A krylon spray can
California has some terrific smells in it.
I'll need more time to work into modern art.
Tell your mom to hold on for me!
We are excited to announce the Technology Fundoctorising Program sponsored by Lost My Debt.net, LLC.
Visit rightdirectioninc.org for details
That would be great, thank you.
We'd like to see some discussion of the major themes.
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
TC gonna be lame after my class leaves.
Next question: Which Steinbeck novel should I start with?
Can I borrow one from you?
I actually have Butterflies in my stomach, I'm that excited.
I'm a fucking geek.
Falling In Reverse Raised By wolves Video on repeat for the of the day:
The Sunjust touched the Morning/The MorningHappy thing/Supposed that He had come to dwell/And Life would all be Spring!
My coworker thinks I'm dumb cause I wanna get a diamond in my ear.
Lolololllll shrugs
Jada is right behind her though RT : Where are her parents?
Who allowed this?
I really hope that men know just how hard women work!!
We seem to have stuff to do every minute up till we close are eyes to sleep!
I'm barely on my way home 3 I love him
Don't you mean though he was a Quayle?
I tried to explain to her that its not as bad now as it was how ever many years ago but she wouldnt listen!!
okay.
officially going to lose it.
right now.
And I honestly do see the needs in between cause Im never satisfied wit what I got, thankful YES I thank God everyday
Thanks to all the people following my friends.
I try to be optimistic.
RT : you didn't actually expect logic, did you?
Here a few quick tips I use to keep myself looking fabulous during the holidays.Get a Colonic  This helps cleanse your body internally givi
Thank you for your support!
IWishYouKnew how much I miss the old you ...
i feel like im gooing crazy!!
help!
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Look at you John's you should have heeded my advice and released the Tebow,now it's too late because Orton hears a boo...
This kid who got vd from putting a condom in his mouth he found on the playground is why I don't watch local news.
fox7
Has anyone else been noticing the SPAM on Pinterest?
How annoying!
Is there nothing sacred?!?!
He voluntarily checked himself into alcohol treatment, and made it public.
Not easy to admit, not easy to battle.
Lips are 100 times
My feet hurt, someone massage them for me.
Dilemma of cooking for holidays  another house: 'Real Lemon' or no lemon at all?
How does 'real' come out of a plastic bottle?
RT Tim Collins quietly having nice season for Royals.
19/3 SO/BB, all four runs allowed came in one outing.
I wish I had one of those vibrating massage things.
I sure would use it right now!!
where did you get this so called 'application.
is it real?
graduation i mean...haha
its disgusting how many episodes of man vs.
food i could stomach.
My favorite time of the day is when I first wake up in the morning during those 6 seconds before my life catches up  hits me.
Fri 4/27 79p join me Zinc Bar 82 W 3rd St.Hear my 2new songs.Sit,relax,hear indie artists produced by RAD.Free.
My mom is such a stupid bitch.omfg.
well u are always there
I'm totally using this.....
lol we looped the growl today in Adoctor U could make some  of that thing
Feeling like a Smart Worker!
Thanks for a great session on Social Media and Workplace learning.
Yesterday our kitchen faucet stopped working.
Apparently we upset the plumbing equilibrium in our house by getting the toilet fixed.
Want more outta life?
Well ask yaself whats stopping ya then eliminate it
Thanks for the great tweets!
THX for all your support of EcoClean!
We appreciate!
I want to be remembered as the guy who made everyone laugh and always crossed streets with confidence.
nice picture!
3it!
Host brings the best to ScholarsThursday tonight.
After 9 pm, we've got live music, poetry, trivia and great deals!
for my man but he's sellin out !!
Sir, I don't think that'll be necessary
me I luv 
Hi Joe!
Good to see someone else from GSU on Twitter.
I am in the ENGL Dept.
Are you at the Exchange or CIS?
oh and thanks for following!
:
makes sense.
The waiting game is never good, especially in those situations.
Hope all goes well!
BB: Eagles will face Friday at 10 am in Fond du Lac in an elimination game in the Tournament.
Taking care of multiple business meetings tonight, and having a GGC team meeting to get on track for the up coming months!
So apparently I'm way too old for week night Reds games.
Feeling like I got hit by a truck this morning.
caffeine please!!
Thank you for the kind words, Paolo.
We're very glad you enjoyed dining with us.
Look forward to seeing you again.
Maybe Sunday..after b with the b..i'll doctorve around with some gummy bears in my pocket while Yello blasts from my ride.
Take note, its not long until this will be the same in the US .
Voltaire as a mentor: navel gazing that delivers, charming depth, disdain of dull people who take themselves too seriously.
You are so right.
Especially something so amazing!
Is it just tix or did she win the entire trip?
STAY STRONG 3
trying to send u a dm can you follow so i can do that?
Love, Live, Life, Proceed, Progress  Lil Wayne
I'm the beat glasses even Austin said so ;D
lolz its cool
rpm !
Ultimate Super AirSoft BB machine gun
ha, i do!
:p i love finding tweeters on here that are from the same place as me.
:
Council now hearing further discussion on CREG Center and options.
no one MF get back to Chicago
yo u doctorpping 30 tomorrow b?
u can txt me but im not talkin bout it on here
Anyone else hear that irritating noise in the background like someone trying to dial a phone or something?
Guess what just passed me on The Embarcdadero...a unicycle!
Stunned by the disconnect between language mavens, English teachers, and those trained in linguistics in languagerelated LinkedIn groups.
thank you!
Happy new year to you!
Hope it's a great one...
Clickbank Tips  Creating a simple affiliate promotion using domain forwarding
Juss had the best sushi ever
Sites It's not that EndNote doctorps accents if they're sent, but that often they're not there to import.
SometimesYouHaveTo ...Stomp a bitch...
you should never seek confrontation but sometimes it is what it is.
Mexican Beef Casserole Recipe This Mexican beef casserole couldn't be easier to make, and it's a real familyfriendly recipe, too.
With j
POLL: Porn and the : Should Public Libraries BLOCK Porn on its Computers?
Join us Tonight Village Inn, meet some great men  women 8pm Village InnPalmerPark  Academy free pie Wednesday
JUST GOT IT IN  11
Thankfully, I did my shopping and Acropolis climb first thing in the morning because the midmorning cruise ship mobs ruined everything.
StaticX...if you don't like them, then change your mind.
Yay it's friday!!!
ThingsIveLearned There is a lot of truth in a joke
BBQ 's
special huh lol
Love DD's smile.
the new season of sinqle ladies , may 28th !
they shulda kept stacey dash doe .
Looking fwd to sharing LPC Central Region SWOT experience  LPC Exec Board in Niagara Falls tomorrow
New smoker assembled.
Fingers pinched in the lid.
Blisters forming.
I guess it's the price you pay for smoked meat awesomeness.
It's not too bad.
I will walk you through it this weekend.
What the hell kinda time zone do NKOTB live, tweetin 4 hours ago ya'll get up before the crack of morn, way too early for this midwestrn bro
Hate to see the bats cool off, but a 42 mark on this roady heading to St.
Louis isn't bad at all.
just wait imma text you like crazy.
that sucks man....I can lol
The work place demands less industrial and more innovative skills.
Education much redefine rigor to retool and diversify the class
HENDERSON THE RUN KING?
oh really  why is that ?
I mean of course I'm Mista Miracle ;
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either  Leo Burnett
if you do ill give you a big huge nice hug ;
11/11/11 is a prime date for weddings!
Know anyone getting married today?
Went in for a 30.00 oil change and walked out with 640.00 in service and repairs.
sigh I hate cars...
grab somebody sexy tell em HEY
Go ahead and try it.
You have to do it once in awhile.

a rising number 9 vs.
a rising number 14.
Gonna be awesome!
Go DU!
Oh.....How I wish it was Friday!
Rough sex
Thnx for recommending us!
RT : Safe Rides is NOT open tonight!
Call 303 taxi for a ride 8473030303
o Big thanks to and for making the past couple days such a blast!
Thanks for visiting us yesterday!
Looking forward to seeing you again!
All packed!
Having my last American meal at my favorite breakfast place, Egg Harbor!
You understand more than you know
Told my Mom Thank you for saying what needs to be said even when I'm being a challenge.
Her response I love you baby!
follow please
Mac won't let me take files off of it, music have to wait until that's fixed
follow us?:D And HAPPY BIRTHDAY JON!xD
why aren't you playing with us?
You and your boyfriend broke up?
Please post some more Adele lyrics as your Facebook status.
:x
i need a trainer for a few things anyone know a good trainer hit me up let me know.
I'm too busy looking for a small, docile animal to sacrifice.
AKA TheCastle Has a Gym Sauna and Spa Bathroom !!
We Make Sure Our Clients Are Taken Care of !!
: think I'm playin R : : Deleted his number : : playin or not i really don care
We're open for lunch!
Fresh sushi, kobe beef sliders, hot Miso soup filled w/veggies...we have it all!
Come on by and grab a spot outside!
Organize old work clothes I don't need anymore into keep and sell categories.
interesting ecoystem and dashboard viewpoints on how to understand and communicate analytics
Anyone in Boston have a makerspace in library and willing to collab with me and on doing program at ?
Hate them sometimes !!!!
Florida Classic in 2 weeks !!
Feel special.
Feel VERY special.
:
ugh the suspense is fucking killing me ....
if i fail i mind as well get a 2nd job and just work my fucking ass off 
good news all my site is back up and working :
Hope you enjoy!
Vizio's new Google TV wins CNET Best Television of CES:
Who's read Tender, the awesome urban gardening odyssey with veggie recipes from heaven?
I was also able to recommend Eyes on the Prize to the guard, since he's never seen it before.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography.
I figure that will help inspire innovation, no?
Who's your team this Sunday?
aw thankyou!
XO
Jul that's the joke....
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitable bring about right results.
Well that's fucking interesting
The Bango bus is coming  itz really time to party  New York to San Francisco!
am I really on your People I Stan for list?
: If so I am honored fellow cat lady.3
Thank you to everyone who attended University Commencement.
Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
Wow your fucking phone would die!
:
Bahahahaha I know the feeling!!!
Also, Tyra is from Toledo.
haha that must be rough!
Very.much.awake 518am :
ITS OFFICIALLY FRIDAY...
WHOS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL WEEK???
LOL well tonight you can find me at The Lodge patron bottle give aways.
Gotta love track practice
And here we are.
mister Very Relevant to Super Bowl champ Giants.
Feeling Doug Martin or Coby Fleener or Jonathan Martin.
NFLdoctorft That's 32!
NEHChallenge is tweeting again!
Stay tuned for news, deadlines, and program updates.
Also, follow NEH at
plz tweet ma daya tweeted me plz follow back
Can stone whole houses in a single hit.
Also, happy last day of being blonde for a while to me
Good news should have hats coming in soon!!!
If you want please let me know, doctorwing for the free decals will be done tomorrow!
Just checked the dining options and tweeted why the US is fat.
Is there a nonhearty chicken cheese steak out there?
UR President Seligman on College Town: The future of ROC is based upon these types of partnerships.
womencantresist reproductive rights and marriage equality.
say hey to POTUS for me.
;
two mo weeks of skool left!
fuk yea
Acid forming foods such as dairy, wheat, tomatoes, strawberries and citrus can be an irritant to certain skin conditions.
is a sick fuck!
Wait til I show your daddy!
Lmao
ahh i see.
jayz is cool to.
heii I apologize as I say now but why are you so you use only justin I know you do not know me you write to?bb
accessusummit FireEyes  FireBug firefox addons  match made in heaven
too cold and too early 4 winter.
We open tonight!
Come see WTC View street theatre!!!!
Tix are only 18.
yes exciting year ahead!
Today's NYT: Hasidic Jews outdo Roman Catholic Bishops by condeming and casting out those who report child sex abuse.
Abusers are rewarded.
Safe travels, lovely
One must enjoy the game while playing, if a tester likes a game it doesnt mean that all people might like it
when are your new posters coming put???
What da hell.
was this at The American Idol Experience or the TV show?
Hit me back in a PM.
You're referring to S.
Tyler...correct?
I Love John O' Callaghan!
I swear he's the hottest guy ever x
LowCholesterol Recipes: Blueberry Topping 4.09 / 5 Stars  9 Reviews by Ellen Wojdyla A versatile and easy to make blueberry sauce.
Vi
This just in: Oscar nominees are pushing for their own movies/costars to win.
Thanks, ABC!
ThoseQuotesYouHearAllTheTime/the truth for girls/I want a relationship where u can talk for hrs bout anything and the convo nvr gets boring
Most generic haunting noise ever tho, u weren't visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley that night were u?
Whoa whoa hold on.
You're telling me I've been asleep for 20 years...and no one tried to wake up?
ARE YOU F!
KIDDING ME!!
We appreciate the help!
Please feel free to lend a hand in the future.
Time 4 some payne bitch!!!!
thanks for the RT!
Hope you had a great Mother's Day :!
Until next week.
Want to meet up.
I am a nerd.
Got a JRD email from MLB with the header Celebrating Jackie and my first thought was that they were honoring Jackie O.
Goof.
It's tip off!!
Time to howl!
Go Lobos!!!
might go to sens rangers in a week and a half.
My Rascal is plugged in and charging up for tomorrow!
RT: If you real, you know where it's at mayne
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
5
15 for the year.
Get audio for both teams, for every game, even some in spanish.
Follow for complete trial coverage
I don't want summer to get here Said no one ever
rum balls do sound good.
maybe i should just go with rum and pass on the confectionary part!
Saturday Morning ?
Work work work!!
not sure what to really think of this
RT : Rockies end 4game losing streak!
Clinched a win in San Francisco.
Back home tnite against Diamondbacks.
Denver7 ...
lol I don't know what they have and I guess just us three.
I'm not for sure I can go I have to talk to my mom tonight :/
Love 's tweet supporting Thx from and as well!
Macc Fund Rocks!
Wise advice !
Nice!
RT : sometimes we offer early bird rates w/ auto entry into contest for VIP tickets...usually works
So 3 people in a row said something about pop that pussy on my TL...
Only if he is doctorssed in a suit.
Or as a Star Wars character.
Any one will do.
Agreed.
Resurrection 4 all.
Hello, not feeling the best today.
May have a cold.
But I hope to have something new to share with you as soon as I feel up to it.
Cheers!
lovely!
Congrats!
Without heroes, we are all plain people and don't know how far we can go.
Nigga I dont even eat in restaurants if it ain't no fries
beyond excited about coming to Louisville for the Forecastle Festival
i get two voicemails..
and one is from in which he yells at me to wake up :D
just two more days ...
Thanks for the retweets  messages!
and and and !
Have a cubby day!
2 Timothy 1:7.
Now that's the real deal.
Back when a hoe was a hoe..
my pleasure!
keep me posted  if its just as yummy as i remember, take some photos  guest post!!!!
Failure is good.
It's fertilizer.
Everything I've learned about coaching I've learned from making mistakes.
Rick Pitino
Sign my PsychoNeighbor up for that too
Aw yesterday was the best day of my life.
Pittsburg overrated
Your doctorAMS will manifest, BELIEVE!
Gosh...glad I could help.
LOL
Whether the Lakers or OKC win, I'll be satisfied
Let's go Orange!
Get it done.
Excited to preach tomorrow Gonna be encouraging ya'll.
Weird I wasn't following you.
Fixed now :
howtobeagoodbf Dont make your girl feel bad infront of the guys or you will look like a jerk
Merry Christmas to everyone!
Met Cullen Omori last night at the VFW.
Really nice person.
Excited for the next record.
Go !!!
try to catch kermit ruffins if you're able
Why must every girl in 8th grade in mater academy be so fake?
We're planting 25 trees and doing greenrush RT : Happy Friday!
What are your plans for this beautiful spring weekend?
It was great working with you Dannel!
I cant wait to see the video once it's finished!
traffic has poured over onto Rainier ave.
wow.
Brb running into austins room to cheer him up
I like the format of tweeting where the last word is emphasized in all CAPS.
It makes it all sound AMAZING.
Can't believe Jackie and Josephine are leaving me tonight...
At least they're with me doctornking right now!
Woot woot
and rubensalazar greatly appreciate the support!
Looking forward to a busy, productive day today.
Momentum is my motivation.
i need to have a heart to heart with somebody soon
So its 1 LSU, 2 Bama, 3 Oregon and LSU loses the conference championship.
Who is in the Championship game?
Enjoyed the American Country Awards.
Couldn't have done it without you!
Thanks Darcy...we miss you.
modernfamily  highlight of my summer.
i mean week.
i mean day...
?
need hot trax hit me up..splitzwizard
people swear like they talk to my sis but they don't ha
Emotobooks are NOT comics.
They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Uncle out barbecuing ribs for my graduation party....gonna be GOOD!!!
with all due respect, your Vikings SUCK!!!
no, I'm the only celebrity you can tweet hearts too 3
Hey If you want people to watch these games you probably shouldn't spread the results before they air...
Don't scoop yourself!
I didn't have any luck with Planned Parenthood.
I'll keep this on my radar and will look for other volunteer opportunities.
that makes three good reviews from close friends, I'll be going to see 21jumpstreet soon
Oh Yankees.
I'm technically only a fan via my family and that still hurt.
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend!
T20 minutes till showtime!
you excited?
Thanks for the PhillyHistory and mention at Ignite.
Fingers crossed  our AR ready in a couple weeks!
I was exaggerating of course :P at least I hope I'm exaggerating o.O but yeahI don't do loose lol
DAMN EVEN HER CLIT IS BUFF!
I hate you!
You better say hello to me!
:
Oh, I dunno.
Waving loaded handguns and calling in bomb threats would probably work.
The jail time afterwards?
Not so good.
Cannot believe a relative's reaction to my support for Obama's support for gay marriage.
Will the South ever stop being bigoted?
Thank you for liking my website!!
RT Let's get Stop SOPA and PIPA trending at the top...Retweet every worthy post on this issue.
already knew that
: U are awesome!
Thanks for your solidarity.
We're going to steal that phrase.
How about The only place for scabs is on wounds!
Yupguess being silent and not risking prevents abandonment on Twitter!
Thinking about the transitions on Tuesdays prowl.
Gotta get those filmed today!
ShindigTarot.com offers readings by some of the worlds leading Tarot readers.
Try it out, with video chat, virtual table and decks!
I hope you had a good time!
I especially liked the last game.
RT ...just saw one of my 15yr old son's classmates doctorving!
// My 18yr old ain't doctorving yet, nor will he soon!
FBI, open the door!
No its cool when you break in
There is a power within us that will create the destiny that we are suppose to live!!
Don't you just love the RatPack inferences in Diddy's new commercials?
ahaha I panicked after they told me, 'okay don't move at all and don't be scared of the loud noises.'
You're in London?
That's a wonderful city!
Enjoy your time there!
:
lol ok now im done watching the voice heeh
sorry Jeppa Joes won't be out today, but you can definitely get your banh mi craving taken care of tomorrow at Schlitz Park!
Still have the old twitter thank god
Sitting in the council room by yourself for an hour 
Atlanta missed great chance to tie game, cant give Brees n gang too many more opportunities.
defense wont hold up much longer
Thx!
Questioning training?
Yesterday we went to the playground right as the rain was ending Saw all the people accumulate.
Birds came out for a snack.
Just glad that you're going local now!
RT : I just ousted as the mayor of Maxximo Jo's on !
great night tonight...going to sleep, nite world!
Peach Cheesecake popup cupcake stand today  3p NW 13th  Hoyt, dock across from Paragon.
Chocolate and carrot.
Minis 1, Maxis 2.
I have not, but they sound awesome.
Do u make them?
are you a middle namer?
That would surprise me.
Hi, thanks for the follow on Twitter!
What was the inspiration?
Best, Matthew Davis
you golf?
np big brother by lil twist
Thanks for the RT and the support!
Hey girl!
Are you suppose to teach today?
:
I dunno about that..
I kind of liked em.
.
32 of 46 precinct reporting.
Mary Jean Davis leads 1998 Tom Lane 1957 and 1952 round the top 3 chas city council at large
s/o to my new follower ; she cute, independent , and bad AF go follower her ;
got that right.
It was good seeing you last night!
Royal What?
Is it that thing that str8 people get to do, but I and my guy can't?
Just checking.
Wish them my best...
Thanks kindly, and I appreciate you taking the time to listen!
Panthers need to score already.....
A big Vegas earthquake?
There's a solid chance it could happen.
Find out more tonight at 10 and 11.
Great efforts for breast cancer awareness this weekend by
They don't need that chorus...
I get so weird at night.
It's something about the moon .
.
.
Stupid hoes is my enemy stupid hoes is so wack stupid hoe shouldnt unfriended me cause she could of probadly came back
then I would be a a mute
BREAKING: Police Chief: No motive given for Chardon school shooting.
A 3:30 p.m.
hearing scheduled for student accused.
unlucky for having school but remember im your number one fan, i lovee you follow me back please3
About to fall asleep on the train  notagoodidea.
Lol
I'd suggest Final Cut X for the stuff you wanna do.
It's really user friendly and only 300.
Avid is for big projects and 2500
Some idiot is reporting 8 killed at the Rixos  thinks he's a joker, apparently.
Stay safe and enjoy the cheese!
Happy Friday!
Anyone ready for the weekend?
Sad news today.
Our lead vocalist and friend, Fred, lost his mother, Virginia Valencia, this morning.
Keep his family in your thoughts.
oh, im sorry ;
RT Sometimes you just wonder how true it is when ppl say exercise keeps you healthy and fit.know what its bloody true :
aw  why r they gunna be singers tho
Just got some tour info...once things are official...we will let you know!!!
FollowFriday The running family, thanks for supporting me and inspiring me.
Dutch people only bought 58 electric cars in 201011!
For some strange reason I REALLY like the word gasp.!
That's just me.!
ImStrangeLikeThat.!
RT : RT : Today in history: The State of Israel is born as Israel declares independence!
NoQuestion broham
Power just went out here in Baltimore
check it out.
Stopped in their North Dallas Parkway store yesterday and their selection and prices kill
I want to read it
thank you so much!
:
Does anyone in the UK have two kittens that my stepmums friend could have/buy?
One of her cats croaked it.
The world puts to much infuses on saying I love while neglecting the value of showing love in action and truth.
i will defend 90's teen tv stars till the grave
All immigrants can participate in 2012 elections.
Everyone can make a difference through volunteering, voting,  more!
Loiter Squad 3 ...
I LIIIIKEE CHEESE.!!!!!!
You'd better more than think!
RT I think ...
I THINK there is a baseball game today.
:
Been tryin to but you wont let me lol
the irony part comes when you factor in what the gop actually says to its supposed base.
Thats y I got nothin cuz I ruined my life with him
like the band?
Or just in general?
How a company with a history of thwarting freedom of expression's goals align with an independent media nonprofessort is totally beyond me.
WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Pumpkin Pie recipe BlackPeopleGoogleSearch Sweet Potato Pie recipe
The book has been on my wish list.
Edward Glaeser's geeky, fasttalking TED2012 talk just bumped it to the top.
RT : All my musician followers follow !
He's a genius Thanks sir!!
as a listener of this american life, i always assumed Sedaris's stories were partially made up...as w/ any humorist or comedian
I've been singing that ALL DAY!
for me constraints boost my creativity if I take them as a puzzle/game.
There is fun to be had everywhere.
Im such a video game nerd...but Zelda: Wind Waker outdoes Skyward Sword in terms of depth.
U can go 2 an island from sea without load time!
theawkwardmoment when I wasn't referring to you...lol.
If something happened to my best friend; I would go crazy.
5 more minutes till my weekend officially starts
we are.
king and queen!
Do messy ppl know theyre messy???
Thanx  Thanx RT : 2 things I want u to know.....1 U r an amazing artist 2 Sonic has sweet potato tots and they SUCK!!
We've also got a book signing with Robert Santelli, he'll be in the Exhibit Hall at 4pm with his new book This Land Is Your Land.
big up LESPECIAL show ''Poetry is Music'' and Sullivan Hall great performance
Only time I like music class is gonna be after spring break cuz we get to do a project in a artist of choice is mine
HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY !
SMILE !
ha!
ha !
Did you click to see what this person is saying about you?
It's a virus.
Welcome to Stupidville, population: you.
Working on more acoustic videos.
Any recommendations on what we should play?
We're taking back the Round Bar!
Come to Saz's tonight for Happy Hour pricing until close!
Free apps and discounted Menu items!
That is always good for a wooWOOF!
Silly dog...
What a productive day!
Enjoying a night off in Tampa but tomorrow we're rockin' out !
Excited 2 be back!!
Thanks, Dani!
Good to connect here.
how bout it?
Idk, some dude said it in that new show, girls.
AWESOME PEEP FOLLOW BACK PLEASE!!!!!!
Gettin my hair did!
We need the environmental state, not the warfare state.
Eric Mann
yeah ive heard of him!: my youth leader listened to it!
Pretty awesome!!
Definitely a winner.
Sweating obviously equates smokin hot.
just had my 3rd surgery yesterday so not quite.
Im looking at October or November.
When U let go of what U are, U become what U might be.
When U let go of what U have, U receive what U need.
I'm cranking in 2 more small paintings of St.
Mary  they're getting picked up before Mother's day.
My car is still sitting there, unfixed.
Hi Meg!
Checking with accounts for inventory of the Serie A Malbec.
Will let you know ASAP.
Thanks, Carl.
A nice warm cup of erbal tea to go with the erbal smoke
Watching agt, this show cracks me up
should have brought up dad owning a unsafe nuclear plant in Springfield
I remembered exactly how evil Voldemort truly is: when he killed Diggory, he turned him into SparklyAss.

I have a terrible bedside manner.
Yeah, I'd have to agree on that.
I do it every morning, and it's the most cringeworthy part of the day.
Love is love and sex is sex.
Dont get them confused or u bound to get yo ass played!
Under BISG rules should be much higher?
RT : Bowker: It works out that ebooks were 11.77 of total ISBN assignments in 2011.
Mike helps Colt to his feet after the match.
Mike and Colt shake hands and then hug as the show fades to black.
is a pimp
D.Rose out 4 tha season,Damn
Working on an oil portrait of Alex and Jessica.
Reached that moment when I've captainred a likeness.
Very cool!
Always is!
LOL!
The event is hosted by Bill Adler as part of a Sowebo Arts activity.
desk agent just asked the gate to applaud military folk.
I'm a teacher.
Where's my fucking applause for service?
thanks and I guess I should come on more
Man at the next table is REAL REAL into his higher power.
Also used the phrase sucking dick a couple times.
Trying to tune out...
House to get back to budgets shortly.
1st up is vote on the Budget4All.
Really good stuff for kids!
whatever he wants to do.
Come on and hang out at Bogie's in Baton Rouge tonight.
Doors are at 9!
omg!
He looks like Johnny  the cat I grew up with!
Wally needs some cats friends so I welcome this cattwiter friendship lol
Scandal season finale!
gotta have makeup!
: My best days are with My3 is forever AWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHH BEST TWEET EVER
wish you could have a concert in england one day 3
quit being a lazy ass
right back  ya!!
Hahaha I feel your pain cousin!!
Back 2 ur former Avi....
Where's your holiday spirit?
You never bought her anything?
Thanks a lot for your compliment!
Your portfolio is amazing!!
My ability to do ANYTHING else  My ability to fill out these NCAA brackets with respectable choices.
You like When your girlfriend ties you up and then humps 5 guys in front of you.
And then each guy punches you on the way out.
That I did!
Are you going, too?
did you hear what Jerry Sandusky majored in in college?
A major in Physical Education with a minor in the shower.
We're here at Covenant House for our Mayoral Candidate Community Conversation on LGBT issues
Happy Russell Stover Day!
Brought to you by Hallmark, Zales and professorowers.com!
MM TV / SG MAG Only OPEN MIC That can Get you On ABC, STARTING SUNDAY FEBRUARY 26  skyline 645 Washington Ave.
Miami Beach, FL 33139
Great morning.
Today is a new day and I'm learning patience is everything
Chicago SunTimes no longer in the printing business...
outsourcing it now to the Tribune.
Hard times make for strange bedfellows.
J.
Barron
If the U.S.
govt won the 540 million lotto, it would be spent  gone in 75 minutes at the current rate of spending.
and obviously check out all important monuments.
But definitely grab some food at Nandos.
I really want to see live at least twice before I die.
TeamFollowback I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!
your Twitter plays are doing u no good with getting new customers......
Yes, Manute Bol was tall.
Today though he'd be long.
and Muggsy Bogues would have a good motor.
you two funny
Tried to see your movie at 9:55.
Already sold out!
10:55 too!
Now I'm trying for 11:00.
Ready to laugh!
shit!
I see it every night twice a night!
Saw you two tonight walking out.
You girls are lovely.
This panel could only have been improved by having more completely appropriate swearing.
needs to
Notice that RG3 beats Luck in Literally EVERY category
Love unprompted pics of kittens/cats in pp presentations
awww that sucks!
nw joedirt such an epic movie.
YOU GUYS ROCK!!
thanks for the follow JC!
I wish I was tan , I hate being so white !
.
awesome!
thanks
We have the best Tech's in Denver!
We received 2 recommendation letters in the past day from our customers.
Good Job Sal IT/Service Manager
sounds like it was my kind of night!
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
Victor Hugo
Still trying to figure out what to do tonight.
It's a great day to be Green!
i heard she wantt da dick !
Inspired by the Emily Couric Luncheon this afternoon.
Amazing women leaders honored.
The crowd was awesome
A day without Jesus is a day without Sonshine.
Let Him shine!
Thankful for each day with family/ friends; reaching out to others w/ the news
In study hall working on some clever ass verses.
I think I am going to turn them into Track 2 for the album : Hmu guys
I love you so much.
Thank you for such an awsome dinner.
You are truley my best friend and the greatest person I ever met.
Blaze, Scholars and Shooters playing in quarterfinals of 16U at Chicago Spring Classic.
ahahaha idk bro, never thought of that!
Nothing changes, until you do
and actual morals
: Cancer's are one of the most bipolar signs, only true friends know how to deal with them.
SO TRUE...WOW!
In the wise words of my yoga instructor  Work your edge AWAY from you, otherwise your edge will come TO you.
Access: It's not about fermentation.
It's about experimentation.
Mix up your programs.
Not just the cocktail bar
Np excuse me miss
BoyfriendVideo is going 2 break 5MILLION!!!!
i know it will and maybe even 6million?????
Can't wait till Sunday excited :
I could use some advice..
glad u likes it!!
;
Important neighborhood in the history of American soccer as I understand it.
Just got to Charlotte, ready for the Jordan Brand tomorrow.
if you are on 136 hello from car three.
hahaha.
theres two metal plates above and beneath the hand.
where do i just whip that out from!?
And just like that, 3pm rolls around.
:

yuck!
where are you?!
RT  The time has come for the NFL to allow the Jacksonville jaguars to relocate.
Lowest franchise value  slow tick...
doctorpping that old fire on streetsounds right now.
Merry Christmas!
If you like trailer park country music, check out Roger Alan Wade...favorite track: If you're gonna be dumb....
Somehow I can't picture Jesus holding His nose when He was being baptized.
Just me.
Classic like movies shouldn't be duplicated or made a sequal.
Ex1:Grease.
1st one was cool, 2nd one, I couldn't even finish it.
The NHL inconsistency on doling out punishment is whacked to say the least.
Hate to see the Cougars end the season.
It has been an emotional ride this year!
everybody wants to rule the world.
Ooh thanks!
You're a lifesaver.
Happy thanksgiving to you too!
doctorss shopping 3
Hey guys:!
How's your day been?3
The Foursquare Special is OVER!
Congrats to the students who won StudyParty Packs!
Thank you!
I hope so too
when they push you down you gotta get back up
we've got ugly guys who think they're hot so they act like douches...
Ahaha
I know we are to love all Gods creations...
But if this bird doesn't shut up....
I'm throwing a rock lol
it was hell
love u too good night
Trust, I saw u sis.
It's just a rebel yell.
I told u 2 years ago, just call me when it's time to slap heads.
It's that time!
Find People That Are Willing To Work Together And Help One Another in 2010  A Must Read  NEVER EAT ALONE by Keith Ferrazzi
listening to 2cellos makes me want to play my cello again.
and I need a gas station/restaurant ASAP
Ohh yes it's Thursday finally!
pumped!
i know right!
its so angelic and flawless.
She's born to sing!
I'm pretty sure all good teams beat up bad teams and aren't as good against other good teams.
Don't panic.
I'm a sucker for OrAnGe!!!
can't help it
Pick it up over there.
I wonder what Denver's reaction was when they found out they had to verse the lakers..
fuck, we're dead.
:p
Math just working on A level and a little on the HW :SS and thats it I guess!
:
A2 equals 44 degrees.
I miss LA.
I love your MVP.
exciting day in buffalo mn!!
: Hoecommandments thou shall not go on Maury with no less than 5 different dudes that could be your babydaddy
Oops.
Sorry about that.
Done!
Watching 1 of the coolest movies ever: you got served
and a lot more fist
me too name buddy hahah
it all good!
Just watching
its awkward when she thinks I'm raising my hand to ask a question but really I'm just trying to touch harrys face...
Finished off my weekend having an amazing time and catching up with friends 's barcade bday party.
I hope someone got him an NSX.
kicked butt !
officially a fan lol
I think the only way to learn patience is by life practice 
My jaw pops all the time and I don't think that's okay.
Doc appt.
was good.
He referred me to a place to get my knee xrayed.
Will do that tomorrow am..it's a walkin place.
Robert Gates joins Starbucks board.
Begins to doctorw up defense plan for company's store windows next May Day.
Love CSI NY
The biggest blessing in my life has got to be Destie.
She's the sassiest, funniest, smartest little 9 year old I know.
I wanna come!
Biz Lesson.
never give away control of ur customer delivery system to a third party to save money.
biggest weakness right now.
I need some doctornks right now!
SHOTS AT DA BAR
Like Wtf!
Exactly why ion fuck around w/ that relationship BullShitt!
Nice lil Saturday with
Let me ease ur mind
Wow, called a blog on their piece about quitting the internet.
Hey Easter celebrators, riddle me this: When does Lent actually end?
Saturday night or Sunday dawn?
After church Sunday?
VOA The Sweet Life Fashion Show tonight!
Suite 200 7pm!
See you there
IM IN!
Rereading T Striphas, The Late Age of Print, for teaching tomorrow and am, again, impressed.
As if the things we do know about him weren't enough.
Those kids wear crowns over there  everything is alright.
hi!!
miss working with you all!
: hey saw a flier of Songs and Dances.....
looks interesting!!
xo19emmie98xo me too .
:
Everyone thinks that I have it all, but it's so empty living behind these castle walls, these castle walls.
DC tweeps, save the date!
The next dcdoctornkup is Wednesday, January 18 at an afterwork time.
More details on their way!
Another day,making moves working on Designs
purifying the body of anything that's not healthy!
Lord you establish peace for us; all that we have accomplished you have done for us.
ISA.
26:12
Hey Don, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
now Tribe loses 5 of 6 and they rank higher than Tigers?
Makes no sense.
I need a Highland YAFL jersey....
English teacher is late
YOU!
Amazing show tonight!
You absolutely rock!!
Thanks man for the great interview last night on ESPN Radio.
I really appreciate it.
your cousin told me not to:
i guess ill try to go to sleep.....
work in the am
SO EXCITED THE COUNTDOWN BEGINS....Pats and Giants this sunday.
Coolness!
I'll DM you my number in case you have time to grab coffee tomorrow.
So I left my iron on all day and I'm just now getting home...been out since 7AM...smh
There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book.
ancientgreek phrase of the day     wooden defensive wall
Might also be interesting to summarize the open data that uses each ontology; showing  of entities, most commonly used types.
Happy birthday girl!
Ashley unveils plans for 80M distribution, manufacturing facility in N.C.
yes!
I'm off at 1230!
B there shortly after
I pass ...
Regardless I don't ever do the hwww lol
Hearts and flowers you people, too ;
's video app was downloaded 4 million times in just two days, including Mark Zuckerberg.
TheAdventuresoftheSoupTraveler  this week's newsletter has been released  if not on the distribution list  send be a tweet  its great!
The unselfish effort to bring cheer to others will be the beginning of a happier life for ourselves.
Helen Keller
Wow, I feel like I'm in jail with all of this security.
3000 for a class set of ereaders
Hope you will stop out for a brew this beautiful Saturday night!
I Iove how independent you are, I admire you so much kim, your beautiful.
ArmaGeddon
How's the economy in your world tonight?
Give us a call: 3177360950
Yeeaaaa roller coasters.
Good to get some downtime.
WhyDoiAlways fall for your type?
If your capacity to acquire has outstripped your capacity to enjoy, you are on the way to the scrapheap.
Glen Buck
Miranda Lambert's doctorss sponsored by Michelin.
You can buy god it's Monday Slither down the greasy pipe So far so good no one saw you Hobble over any freeway You will be like your doctor ...
I takeasheet in the movies
FOLLOW ME!
I don't want to be a troll under the bridge anymore!
GIVE ME YOUR MAGIC!
Guilty pleasure: Selling LA, love the houses.
I know, get back to writing.
What a beautiful storm c:
Walking my dogs:
Shrimp scampi  clam chowder on the way...yea I'm finna go in 
Good morning twitterverse!
Thank Almighty God for another day to help and be a blessing to others!
when and y?
live near there.
when i saw that place i said wtf?!!
AND its across the st.
frm where the dude that does block report radio lives
Why is my ipod hotter than my own body temperature right now?
Seriously.
My test was on that too!
I diagnosed myself with all of them naturally.
haha sounds like a plan!
:
Thank You for your beautiful soulful music.
I love Conversational Lush.
Cant wait for tbe album.
We should've just stayed friends man ..
My mom laughed at the dollar I put in her card.
Let's see how much she gets next year.
Laugh at that mom!
Guys who can dancee 
i take it DD is off show
Check out Cool the Earth's Earth Day Assembly and Carleen Cullen tonight on NBC Bay Area: KNTV Channel 3.
6 PM news PST.
Kick LDW10 off TONIGHT with at !
OPEN BAR 10301130pm  COMP admission on our guest list!
Reply/DM us!
If you unsubscribe from alert emails you get to watch someone get beat up and punished.
I miss having a car.
Astronauts who spend a month or more in space may return with potentially harmful changes in their eyes, says a new report...
Anyone need a hole ripped into a new sweater, send it my way.
I'm amazingly good at it.
well then they're REALLY good Friends bc she went to see him on his birthday all the way from FL to NJ...
God chose you based on your purpose, NOT on your performance.
Frederico Panini: asparagus, sliced ham, scrambled eggs and Swiss cheese pressed in a hoagie with hash browns.
Besides your contact lenses, you never leave home without .
sitting down to write, or else!
Yep.
You're looking for Ray Plante.
Grey shirt, short black hair.
I can put you in touch if you don't find him.
what's your fan addoctorss?
I wanna write a letter to you :D 3
Hope is a good thing but not if you depend on it solely
hello love : didnt know you had a twitter!
ahahah yeah i remember.
thats so gross...
Clockss is a dark archive, to keep archives in the hands of the community.
They use the LOCKSS software for their preservation
great smile good pic.
: seems i was hacked..sorry guys..I'm trying to fix this..Scumbags.
I was getting worried, u kept hinting bout weight loss
Go Irish...let's win this!
No one followed :
when's the last time you tied your shoes?
since you wear Toms all the time...
I would like a tool that lets me see who my real Twitter followers are.
Any suggestions?
Too much time online makes Jill a dull girl.
Reading a book.
The day I meet a women smarter than me, is the day I get married.
No doctorse and niggas actin like the playoffs are over.
Well I guess for bulls fans it is lol but still, tune into this
Sharon Needled IS the future of doctorg.
The only contestant that has charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent!
Not necessarily.
How old are the ones you have?
Ruth Casey Though no one can go back and make a brand new start,anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending
Good Morning Tweeps do people actually consifer Megan Fox's thumb a deal breaker?
hey babe.
Im milky
what happened?
It's not a law to show id.
I like a little meat
you guys are all over.
Great job.
: A new pair of Jeffrey Campbell's to put a smile on this here face.
HEY I WANNA A PAIR!!!
Issues with a DUI or another criminal matter?
Call Bloodworth Law Office today, great representation  an affordable price 2508000
Beginnings are usually scary and endings are usually sad, but its everything in between that makes it all worth living
he has electronics?
:
Dear Campus Notebook: I am fairly sure that I will never be interested in whatever you're selling.
KThnxBy.
Jamie Dimon makes Gordon Gekko look like a saint!
At Deagan's for the last bike night of the year
you have truly been an inspiration.
It's been a long time since our Milwaukee days.
Keep up the good work.
Gonna go home, eat like there's no tomorrow, watch my favorite show , then sleep.
Good stuff.
I see you are still loving the game.
Keep going.
I would be dead at work tomorrow!
Hahah, but sure, in spirit at least!
I though you already had your birthday :P
what was the coachs name?
that is my new favorite video ever!!
your twitter background is adorable!
Here at work..
last day today..
lets see how it goes
Bout to mix up a batch of my famous lemonade:
sorry i meant to say neck
send mailing addoctorss and will do!
A great man passed away today.
The kind of Father a musician could only doctoram of.
Support and enthusiasm.
Live it up, folks.
YEAH!!
LEO Power for life!!
August 1the most glorious day on Earth!!
Lol!!
:D
Hows everyones day going?
Hoping for some sunshine!
Just watched Funny People with my wife.
If only it were longer.
IfIWonTheLottoIWould my mom would be treated like the queen she is  no more working , no more making dinner , no more nothing .
Spring is around the corner and we've got some cleaning to do.
Help us out and get a classic Kingdom shirt for just 10 bucks!...
Very nice.
Thanks
Oops.
Was that puckbunnyish?
Seeing him that sad hurt a lot.
He's had a career year and can't get a break this series.
Starting to fill here  the Terrace for Ron Paul
Why don't you buy and return it 8 times?
Then you can buy one for free.
doctorving around and blaring music
stael fought insomnia with opium and boredom with parties / byron: she should have been born a man
Going to enjoy the next four days of being 1 in my pool.
Amazing how much more interesting basketball is with 5 on the line.
Golden Spoon: thumbs down.
I wish I could be exactly what you're looking for.
cool!
I want to get my own thing going down here.
I've mentioned it to and
To all the lucky raider team bitches going to DC......FUCK YOU
iPad will now have school textbooks, goodbye the days of covering our school books with a brown paper grocery bag!
Third period underway!
Yes, when the day comes that they no longer support Windows 7, which should come along in by December 31, 2022, CE.
Being a Teacher and Counselor for Kids with Autism and their families is my PASSION.
Looking for IPad software to use with them.
Ideas?
Need tips on where you would post announcement for library webinar for most visibility.
Empire State Building in not a good answer.
Planning out an aircraft carrier cake for this weekend, this should be fun!!
I would shoot myself before I had to eat some of these things.
No one can be so hungry to eat some of these things...
go and have fun you deserve it.
So many books, so little time.
Frank Zappa
Facebook is so corny now smh
ialwayswantedtobea a teacher, writer, or singer.
tnx i followed can you also follow ill follow yhu bak also
working on crashingbroadway today...
Mixing away :
any time I read commentary on the Browns 'lack of WRs' or 'Give Colt a chance', I lose brain cells.
right, heaven forbid that ones students bother to read anything to be students...
Yay free association!
just stumbled upon a real gem with ...friendly service, great prices.
makes my life A LOT easier!
It was nice meeting you yesterday!
:
people mad at me.
yeah, I ride the motorcycle naked all the time
Do you Love Hip Hop and or EggMcmuffins?
Download this free Iphone  Andoctorid app from KTSB ..the EggMcmuffin of Hip Hop.
OH LOOK OUT GUYS ISA IS THROWING A PITY PARTY!
hahahhaaha ask rayanne to be your party planner, she has experience
ok.
See you inside!
Haha
So will the main character be a rabid beaver with a tum addiction?
Just wondering.
: You might have something there.
not sure why these things need to be released to the public in the first place.
Help us get to over 1100 AEDs...we only have a week to go so start submitting!
I effin love Pixar Movies 3 : wish i had someone to watch them with though :
: tournamentofman more like
we have ham, and we have bacon.
stop asking for Canadian bacon.
forgot you were agnostic  knew there was something besides that stellar smile and practical doctor humor.
damn right live fast die young!!!!;
MORNING TWITTER!!!!!
Absolutely no problem.
We're here to serve!
Happy New Year, love!!
Avoid wasting money.
Quality prior planning will help you avoid the unexpected.
i miss u so bad too!
hope we can talk today
Keep up the great work....Ads new blog is awesome!
And a happy birthday to
Now I'm official graduate of high school :
Vargas could've walked the next two batters too
MIAMI Are you Ready to hear the beats of the one and only tonight?
Text us at 786.991.3945 for girls Guestlist or Tables
sounds good ;
Planning on having our EP release show at Vinyl Junkie in April.
No official date yet but one of the bands confirmed is On Track.
He spoke to me today!
Eeeeep
Lastnight you hugged me, I didnt wanna look up cuz I knew what would happen, you looked in my eyes  I was lost 3
Painting...
again.
Game Works tonight ROUND 3
Love one another and you will be happy.
It's as simple and as difficult as that.
Can't be with you when i want to do you can't talk to me when you want to.
OhWell moving it along.
Woo hoo!
Thanks so much for the scoop.
Thanks for following me!
Hope you enjoy the epub tweets.
I am in love w/ soccer 69 He's the MAN!!!!
hello Twitter
Thanks Ruth Ellen!!
80legs Python API is now available!
Lauder exhibtion really made me want to get Great Collectors, but I can't afford it!
Always a viewer, never a collector!
:
Giving makes doctorams become reality.
Rep.
Say they want it but are never happy.
your really good!
Give it time you will be up there with them ONEDAY!3
I wish I could somehow tell all the ad networks, I just bought a new messenger bag.
Please stop showing me ads for bags now.
Sport Vision: Types of Hockey Game
Just gave an impassioned speech about America and our troops, Reagan quote included, and I feel very patriotic today.
Hoes fight over dick.
REAL women move on.
So is this Chris Brown 'F.A.M.E.' album worth buying?
Cuz 'Graffiti' was shit, his best was 'Exclusive'
oh my bad must be those damn psychics fucking with me again the forces of darkness be with you btw fuck off i39;m done
If ants are so smart..then why are they so stupid?...I sure wouldn't crawl on something that was a billion times bigger than me!!
Cause its feels so empty WithoutMe!
:D haha
Finally off work.
Today would not end!!
My call wouldn't go through to your cell.
You can buzz me now though!
btdubs, ICONic Boyz r gonna win!!!
just keeps yelling YOLO for no reason YOLOabuse AND now she's humming and singing Losingit NotOK Help
for those SFGiants fans giving Morgan a hard time for his entertaining personality....
Nice Beard.
People falling sleep on me  lol
Wow, that word with is really important.
// RT : Food tastes better when you are eating with people you like.
that movie looks so good!
Dear , my life would be complete if you followed me...: I like loove u!
kbyee
depends on def.
College bball is great because players come together to make a team.
Kentucky is 78 guys who happen to play together
Video: Disney train coach rolls into Fullerton
You read!
3 RT : Don't you love blasting music so loud your house is shaking?
: haha yeah, me too.
The story always has a happy end.
Even when you think it doesnt.
Spoken Word is seeking an experienced VO Artist for 's WikiLeaks and the Age of Transparency!
www.orbooks.com/ourbooks/wikileaks
My little sister 
RT : Congrats to for picking up NAU and Weber St.
offers
Jennifer Aniston To Attend Brad  Angelina39;s Wedding?
Off to do an author visit at an elementary school in Lincoln, IL.
The wee folks await me!
909 east market st.
Best crossfit in Louisville.
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
All.those fairytales are full of shit.
3
I bet u do.
any good audiobook recommendations?
the trip to texas is going to be a long one!!
So awesome!
LOVE.
I'm single and enjoying it?
But I'm still looking for the right
O.
James Lighthizer talk at PM Annual Meeting.
Demand excellence in everything your organization touches.
Thx for saying soglad you enjoyed!
RT : thanks for putting on a great debate!
I really enjoyed listening to it :
I'm in!
I got the new Twitter.
Home, Connect, Discover....
Hopefully the weather cooperates!
Looks like it'll be a bit chilly, but as long as it doesn't rain, I'm good!
I am totally loosing my voice.
I still want a cheeseburger.
Omg , do you have school?!
it's 12:45 a.m here :p but I can't sleep, so I'm tweeting .
:
good look ma
Tweeting live from London.....At the end of the 1st qtr, Texans down 70 to the
Call one of them hell.
Going to that meeting later?
I'll see you in HELL!
: praying for my friend  youth pastors leading dnow this weekend w/ as worship leader.
Excited to see Freddy Brown from in a few minutes.
6 hours 37 minutes till Revenge!!
Having doctornks with and we getting it in.
Wish u were her Miss u already.
We gotta chop.
XLVI Roman Numerals very popular on Monument Circle!
Make sure to get your pic and see the video show!
A perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
George Bernard Shaw
So, if i were a mythical god....
My weapon of choice would be a flaming spiked whip...
Ask Style: Have Any Fresh Tips on Decorating for the Holidays?
Now that I have kids, I want to amp up my holiday home decorating to make
: i just made a gifboom just to follow you!
YEE3
Fear will never lead you to a positive end.
5 exams down 2 to go!!
tomorrow will mark the official end of high school for me : thank god!!
When the first thing you see as you walk out of the house is a heads up penny, it's gonna be a good day
which event are you referring to?
RT : where is that event?
imma come through
i missed my 3,000 tweet :
Let's review the Irony Report, shall we?
Carl DeMaio, the Taxpayer Watchdog, collects 3.1 million from the federal government...
HISD trustee Anna Eastman just read a resolution proclaiming November as American Heritage Month.

would you want some yung nation?
Or the Weekend
First q for panel: How are interface technologies affecting everyday life?
J.S.
Edwards is having an Italian wine tasting tonight starting at 5:00 pm.
Two coney dogs w/ cheese and tater barrels for8.99!!
That's a great tip!
yes, let's do that.
Watching v.
dynamo.
Thank god for soccer season.
I used to be the stars, the sea, the sky.
But now Im not so sure.
Not merely piping Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity over loudspeakers?
Lmao!!!!
Nana!!!
You saw what I wrote?!?
replace1wordinamoviewithgrind  magical mystery grind
now I know how you guys feel when girls fangirl over bands.
thanks bro, he was just visiting me and is like 90 back to normal!
Wtf Bren
I totally just made up a word twittertracked...sidetracked by twitter.
Good one.
Passing this on to our web mistress.
Poly vs Digital Harbor for the Baseball Championship Sat at Camden Yards!
Gates open  1pm first pitch 205.
Free Admission!
Car vs pedestrian at the intersect of state and e Johnson.
Looks bad, use alt route
I keep saying it feels good to be back on the grid.
What I really mean is it will feel good to be back on the grid AND caught up w/work.
Amazing production with Madonna's halftime show.
The visuals were outstanding!
Susana Baca, Peruvian diva at Yoshis SF tonight and tommorow.
Her CD's were produced Bay Area's prolific Greg Landau.
I just sent an email to my mom saying I see waving palms outside my window too bad she wont get the EV reference.
no problem :
lol that's pretty gross .
dontcha think ?
woah what is Adele doing there!?
I've changed so much in these past months, and I really miss the way we were in likd October.
OH: I'm afraid if I look at you you're gonna look like the Blue Man Group
Only 100 more likes until we show you guys the new teaser!!
KEEP IT GOIN!
I cant call it my bradda.
Still grindin hard.
Wuz hood my dude?
May the Fourth be with each and every one of you today.
meetings for the album?
:
I know!
I used to be so sad!:
I don't think so.
Ours are fanmade.
When the NHL does an official BecauseItsTheCup for LA, they'll post it.
Great pic!
That bacon sounds out of this world!
Ok.
So it's set.
...
Culver's challenge ...
I'll get the location and date set up in the morning!
Restrain yourself!
Go to the library instead!
Libraries are more in danger without your support.
Hm...
parents going out of town tomorrow, should I call in and throw a party?
Santorum needs a win in Pennsylvania.
He's offering free cheesesteaks to anyone who votes for him.
What is the percentage of art museums that using digital media as interpretation tools?
LOL,That imagery is disturbing!
Cycling and Astronomy
First take have it all
Ordered my LEAFS shirt today.
Gotta rep Toronto.
What do you say Biebs?
It's 8pm and I'm falling asleep.
But it's k cuzzzz my 3 hour class got cancelled for tomorrow!
: Some girls talk to the lamest dudes.
Tragic !!!!!!!
thank you and yea I know and you know I'm here for you whenever you need me too :
head in the sand doesnt mean that we as a country will stand for this and follow him blindly.
What kind of country are we going to leave
Course it is!
An average united team losing the title 2 the best city team in history on goal difference is nothing 2b ashamed of
Can't wait to see you tonight in Milwaukee.
I'll be the crazy person in the 4th row!!
Hey Adam!
; Following back.
Thanks for following, love.
I'm so obsessed with !!
can't stop listening to her songs...
Energy and persistence conquer all things  Benjamin Franklin
Colors greatly affect
lolol you know how she gets, you made her panic all day lolol
Aww!!
Twitter Prom it is!
GetAtUs can't wait for the 25th!!
:
I have the same oven as Pete Cambell.
Anyone want to buy it?
have liked one direction since the x factor and didn't just start liking them 2 months ago.
We should accept every angry, hostile comment as an opportunity to doctorw near to God.
David Roper
WHAT IS IT LIKE TO HAVE BOOBS?
Abnormally heavy flow  New Straits Times
Did you book the job?
You can classify yourself all you like, but until a doctor or the government says otherwise, you're still a child.
Free promotion ?
need more followers?
try the site on my professorle.
By the way.
do you follow4follow?
lets'!
Thanks for RT.
:
If I Ever Get Famous I Hope I Dont Change..
Last week until finals week.
Time to get work done!
Ready to Start over?
Have you consider Divorce?
69 Divorce.
Call us 474 9988
Tim Sweeney straight wrecking p.a.
loft....4 PBR'S
Sitting outside in the cold rain why, because I was here 1st 
I will keep you updated on our DVD release and when you will be able to order it or watch it online.
I think it is unfair to label Mormonism a cult.
Blanket attacks against all Mormons is beneath us as progressives.
just a smooth Monday on the Hill!
But hey how bout dem O's Hon!
Peeps are actually out and about asking for the game on TV!
I will!
Do you have skype?
She would love to say hi to you sometime if you are ever on.
COOL YOUR JETS BRAH
It should be national awkward day!
Rich people believe I create my life.
Poor people believe Life happens to me.
T.
Harv Eker quote
im fresh, im fly, im always high
IM IN LOVE WITH
Hey, remember when I rigged Patrick Ewing to NY  those idiots still couldn't win a championship?
LMAO!
Why it sound Like its hailing?
Panthers and Owls play to a 11 doctorw.
Love under the radar films...will have to check this one out.
Thanks!
i just love ur website its just amazing!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome back!
Now I have to see A Separation.
best foreign film.
What goes into a story?
Only what's needed
Bless yo heart if u fucked up over a few stretch marks....
Now if ur shit lined up like sum notebook paper then u might be upset
I love you :
Where did all the nylon tote bags online go?
golf course with !
:
done deal
See what happens when Paul Martin is in the press box?
I Married Nick Mara because I Love Him
There's a ton of NYC gov hackathons going on here too.
It's def nice to know there's at least an energy
went for a run, forgot to see if i was gonna get wet.
i did.
Curse you
Just finished family dinner in Palmetto Bay.
Dining at Steve's Pizza with our Miller Deal
i would love some cotton candy right now ..
how you been superstar?
Life like a box of chocolates u will never know what u will find
spare laptop not plugged in during patch tues update, battery died during update, system hanging as a result, using win restore for 1st time
Tomorrows gonna be a good day
unless its shown in public
thanks to you too!!!
Oh goodness, you would have something to say about that haha!
amazing play, but curious on your thoughts of not walking Uggla after two runs in
Life goes on.
You stumble, then get up.
Don't stop, move forward.
Whatever happens as you go along, never give up.
Just keep moving.
nina say fukk protection wen she ride
i thnk i'll do microwave, its quicker, ok?
Have you ever noticed that there are some people that are so annoying you just want to bitch slap 'em or throw a fucking brick  them?
says I need your email addoctorss to be able to add you :/
Its been a terrible doctor spell, last time the rain fell
Resting.
Sleeping on my couch, watching Next Food Network Star.
Tommorow will be one of the biggest days of my junior year.
i like it too...Praise God
I NEED THE MOTHERFUCKING TICKET TO 2013 TOUR IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?
RT : Friends don't let friends eat pancakes
im more ready  excited for your new album:
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
: nigga wtf you mean lets lets kick it...YOU HAVE NO LEGS ...dead im dying laughn
The Big Dilemma: securing the recovery versus reducing fiscal deficits  don't want to undercut growth but have to get a grip on Bugdet!
I dnt want a long island!
I want a strong island!
Lol
Yahoo CEO pads resume with embellished degree and loses job.
Duh!
Clooney did the movie on Murrow.
Now I get why Clooney is first interview on new
Hm...ordered shoes from Kohl's a week ago with guaranteed shipping by Dec.
24.
The shoes have yet to ship.
FAIL.
appreciate the insights was wondering if you wouldn't mind sharing some thoughts can you email me
You're welcome.
Thank YOU for the great quotes!
He looked amazing in it I love him
Last one on the van  political discussion with the doctorver
What if basketball was played with a lead ball?
Sometimes the very thought of old age is unnerving
Well that sucked
yeah i could of saw him over summer if i wasnt on vacation!!!
fml
Thank you baby!
Good luck to you, and congrats as well!
You deserve it, I was rooting for you 
Every wonder how many angles you have?
all of them!
they insisted!
Cinco De Mayo, what a day...it sounds like a lot of fun, but why do so many get hurt on this day?
Thanks to everyone who came out to visit the Peter's Party booth at the Portland Golf Show this weekend!
fa sho man.
Going to the lake
Q: Could Finland join the situation in Syria?
Never tell friends too much, not everybody has good intentions.
I wish that the Grammy's weren't going down the doctorin with the rest of the music industry.
Nominees who use autotune, where are the 80's...
Lol oh all these are waiting for the same doctor ...
They've been waiting since 2
Covario Sees Highest Growth in Latest Search Agency Rankings by Ad Age  MarketWatch
Last day of the Ms.
Pacman tourney!
Current hiscore is 266,940.
Honorable, but totally beatable!
Come beat it for the 15 gift cert.
prize.
lol, that was smooth :
So Loe would be the pitcher of record right now, right?
Talk about being rewarded for mediocrity ...
no, but has ocs back!
RT : is there a popchipsOC?
I feel like gets a new theme every few months.
Hasn't reached levels but it is up there.
My lil brother spazz out wen I get ready to cut his hair..lol
RT Join us at futrchat discussing the future of museums with and others!
Happening now!
Sitting with on our office balcony hoping to SpotTheShuttle!!!!
u said OVTI can't execute; laughable comment given their cameras have been in every apple product sans back camera of iPhone 4s
My 9 yr old just put my 5 yr old's hair into 2 braids.
I love when they're so cute and sisterly.
Happy birthday to me 
But I guess I can live without you, but without you Ill be miserable at best.
3
hey wats up ima b in cali im tha am miss ya
There keshia go...
is your brother on twitter?
One Price For Any Size Flyer We Print!
I lovee you :D
Never settle for being a character in someone elses story when you are meant to be the author of your own
hello twitter
I don't quite know how to say, how I feel.
I am NOT watching Scandal tonight will watch tomorrow.
Blocking

we've been waiting for you to follow us!
; Thanks for the follow!
this morning, literally I was parked for 20 mins
Inspired by projects at LA's AD Museum and learned a ton about Los Angeles history to boot!
Additional nuggets not nuggest...
come try it.
At least I got a job!
worstthingever potty mouth.
Jesus christ I need a tan.
I've had 7 months of fucking winter hahah
Sounds good, stand by.
JHarmony back now sorry i been gone for a lil min, what it do twitter
Porn films should probably just be categorized as romance comedies.
Don't forget, CelebrateAU starts in 30 min on the quad.
Hundoctords of free, limited edition wonk Tshirts available.
Not really, if you look up shots to take the lead or tie in crunch time, Lebron has him beat by a lot.
And I hate Kobe soo much!
I am feeling very aware of the thousands of hair follicles on my head right now
At Qualcomm Stadium.
we would love to work with you, this is such a critical cause.
Headache in my left eye : ehhh
Maya's new desserts start tonight at Fresh, Happy Hour all night in the bar tonight!!!
Join us Tonight a new episode which includes many of the LA Zombies dancing their brains out in a new concept of Flash MObs
Great time at the 5k run/walk for this morning!
Started pouring towards the end!
Keep it up walkers!
MONEY LIKE FISHES SO YOU KNOW THAT I NEED MO
My dad is the chef at D'Vine!
I showed him the picture, how fun.
GTL at Platinum Tan
impossible ti find but I'm here!
Where are you and h?
do it girl i wish i could
They're great!
I've got stacks of their SM baseball cards!
We'll def hit you up.
Thank you for giving all of us a bit of light every morning and afternoon...keep up the excellence!
Aminotropen stacks are freaky sample are ready MAX MUSCLE ABQ
A romantic guy 
Show me Your Glory 3
Thai food...
Two college guys nxt to me sound like a pair of chicks from Encino Valley.
I thought I had a joke, but I gots nothin
Hard to believe I broke a bone in my foot golfing
Or earning smiles as the case may be.
Im calling it: Brock, who was fired, interferes and cost Cena the match.
So predictable.
George as always.
.
Not sure who will do video, if anyone.
But seriously go follow
This is Singapore style rain in LA!!
I don't like to express my feelings to anyone.
I try, but iDon't like to.
It just makes me feel.....
/:.
then shout me out
i hope he does!
:
Everyone willingly chooses their path in life.
Whether they're honest or a liar, a good person or a shit bag.
Quit blaming everyone else.
Good morning everyone!
It's a great day so far and I hope you all are enjoying your church services.
I have my Joel Osteen on tv right now:
Now on to boards and commissions at Chulavista city council.
Should some of them be consolidated?
mister Gladwell  Our president loves your book Outliers: The Story of Success and he recently blogged about how great it was o ...
isn't tj just the finest?
And talented!
I'm sure he'll do well in his post cnn career
Follow this Awesome Girl ;
Get the community talking about stuff they know.
Listen rather than tell!
I owe you an email.
Sorry for the delay!!
justin you and your new look are more sexy than ever
thank you
should I text you a pic of it?
hahah
I'm a curious person myself and you ask good questions.
Welcome to Twitter Junior tennis players, parents, and fans in Northern Illinois make sure you follow for up to date info
thanks for the follow!
There's nothing a late night swim can't fix!
East, MidAtlantic, Midwest, West
Thanks  have a great weekend!!
We are Livestreaming the TEDxYouth event presentation in the plaza at the Little Haiti Cultural Ctr or catch it from home!
11/20 at 6:30 pm
your blog has me kicking around the idea of trying Match again.
Please talk me out of it.
The next best thing to winning is losing!
At least youve been in the race.
Amazing job last night!
Encore was one of the best I have seen!
Learning stuff from the legendary It's a good day.
I feel like this year is already going so fast.
Ephesians 2:89 For by grace you have been saved through faith.
And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works
how come ALL the officials suck at their jobs?
can somebody come sing with me?
nobody likes an egg
Pics from SD FBLA  DECA 2011 Fall Leadership Conference are on facebook.
Search FOCUS Training, like the page, click on photos.
Yeah both of you are really strong!
I know you are right.
I just couldn't resist.
My doctoram: I was hanging out with somewhere near Cornell.
She was hosting a TV show.
And her name was Cathy, not Barbara.
Things in life change from day to day.
Embrace the good times you share together.
And smile when you can.
It will brighten someones day!
: 
Who goes shopping at 9 o'clock on a Saturday life?
We love you too!!!
Carolina BBQ in slow cooker, baked beans, cole slaw, roasted potatoes and beer
Rmi lounge tonight no cover 21 welcome 4 doctornks and shots all night 5 cucumber martini's all night hope too see Yall there!!
chowin dwn.gotta headache from hell..
Hope to see you in September after I've been unveiled.
Wearing my mets sweatshirt walking to bus in DC...
Got 2 let's go mets!
Good Morning Beautiful People , I'm in such a happy mood this morning :
that makes us feel so much closer to you!
Thanks!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Eat lots of Tacos and doctornk lots of margaritas!
But be safe!
HUGS
Yep its pretty bad RT : It's just about like facebook lol
YEAH BUCKS!
That's how games against Michigan should go!
Andoctorw Luck getting a pre rush bid.
TFM
I am a sucker for express delivery.
I hate the plastic thing over my iPhone because it's falling off and I paid a good 3 for that.
Love what you guys did tonight!!
Congrats Lorraine!
Having someone pissed at you is doubly bad when you deserve it.
:/
hows it going man?
And then realize it isn't Kris Letang.
It could happen to anyone really.
I Can swing by now, if you would like?
What would be some of the economic benefits of passing the doctorAMAct?
lol I forgot
your welcome!:
Kim is obviously my favorite since she's my dear cousin..
But comes in a close second!
Stressed.
Depressed.
But well doctorssed.
We're with Lee RT : Phil in PA predicts more winter, Lee in GA predicts early spring.
Weather prediction is hard work.
Mm seems like I have to have a talk with someone tomorrow.
hope you enjoyed you time off!!
xx
Thurman, Iowa, too?
My next door neighbor grew up there.
Heartbreaking!
Still alive for you love.
: Good catching up w/ the homies  today.
follow these DJs Nice seeing you homie!
im lookin for ya!!!
TGIF!!!!!
IT SURE IS FRIDAY, TIME FOR GOOD FOOD, GOOD MUSIC, AND GREAT PEOPLE!
JOE HUNTER TRIO TONIGHT WITH DORIS LONG 7PM
Yay!
I'm so excited :
Birthday princess 3 Finally 17 :
It's a Camister.
They usually go for a LONG while.
We tend to get in the way of our blessings, get out the way and let God do his job.......
whats your wii characters name?
Another bitchy night for Christina.
:p
It's a guised injunction against Occupy Denvertype actions.
The ban will have no teeth when it comes to the homeless...
So I awoke to find myself once again with a prostitute ...
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,
Be back later
Great news Knicks fans.
Amare will be back to hold the dust pan while Miami sweeps.
Man, working a lot this weekend.
Full eight tomorrow and more than 12 hours of work at Six Flags on Sunday.
Gotta make that 
oh yeah 3
I call her my baby,she call me her pacifier...
well it isnt all bullshit...my names correct
haha ah!
Why do insanely hot people have to live so far away!
Such as, the state Florida.
D:
I Hate Math , i try my best to pass I always end up failing it o:
Happy Happy Birthday BAABBBYY!
Larry turned 50 yesterday.
Omigosh, yes!
Young love and 1965 summer camp and Bill Murray?
I'm trying so hard not to read the Cannes reviews.
A big thank you to all of our new followers this weekend.
We really appreciate it!
I've been having to deal with a lot of binding issues on 30 year old, UMatic tapes today.
The end point of leadership is not just the position of power we reach, but the continual change and deepening we experience that makes a...
DWADE Dunking on everyone right now.
RT Hey I bet your child don't know who's titty to suck
Gracias, I am planning the 'day after' brunch.
'Ya coming???
I'll talk with Spencer and find out.
We'll shoot you an email.
Thanks for the support
Is Lame Cause She Doesnt Follow Me
my god is it gorgeous today.
Considering becoming a vegan.
I think it would be really great for my desire to feel like I'm better than other people.
Huntsville.
Where are you going?
Gulf Shores?
Pensacola?
Cheers!
RT Finish line, baby.
You are way too kind!
Thank you!
you should be honored you have the same name as Rob Stark king of the north
extremely disappointed
I feel great :D
poor kid got his ass kicked.
Packed and ready to go.
NFLX and Super bowl Village.
aw yep the stuff that makes life good...friends...well most of the x anyway lol
lol word!
that's the wack shit right there
We're still gonna win the series though.
I totally agree.
who the heck knows how much you make, it would just be a whole lot.
I am my own Walmart, Target and so on and so forth
Chinese for dinner, DQ for a twist and dessert
:Joe Paterno lived 99.99 of his adult life as a noble man...
Actually over 12 his life he protected a serial child rapist
Just when I thought today couldn't get any more ridiculous IWasWrong IsItMyBirthdayYet?
We found love in a hopeless place3
RT : The Digital Edge Live conference looks great  nice that is speaking Thx Ted s/b great!...
ThingsThatIWantToHappen This damn essay :/
We ready!
We ready!
Thank you Tim Hinchey and for the hospitality you have shown the Timbers.
Doesn't change the fact that we're coming to win!
shuda came to brunch
doctornking a MonsterEnergydoctornk while sick ?
Oh Hell yeah I am.
C:
and lovelyladyae have over here tickled to death lol
Boyfrans are lame
The power of a leader is not in the answers spoken but in the questions asked.
My Celtics Won :
So many reasons to tweet...when something funny happens, when you wanna share something you did, or just general nonsense!
:
What is going on with Megan P lately?
Was that a sponsored tweet?
Happy Veterans Day thanks to all those in service past and present
one night just one night how about a guys night out!
;
It's jackhammer season by the lake.
no Mikki...
YOU rock

took the 8:19 so no big deal, thanks for the commuter support ;
Oh yeah, I do remember you.
It has been a while.
Thank you for finding me.
Let's not ever lose contact once more.
I agree on both counts!
Gigi is just GORGEOUS.
The outfits, the scenery
About to Perform !
.
WIFE!
I guess his decision making is not as bad as they make it out to be then : wife bro!!
Lol
I can't wait, either.
Thanks for the RT !
RT Irish Fest begins Thursday!
Come enjoy a bit of Ireland, right here in Milwaukee.
Good for him.
Such a fantastic storyline there.
The last few levels were really, really good.
: Some fucking slore asked me to pushed her out to her car in a motorized cart because it was dying Me:
whats so wrong with that?!
Teenage men are attractive!
:D
still waiting for that
Every penny counts!
We're hosting a free networking event tonight at the Wellesbourne in Santa Monica at 8pm.
Who's coming?!
CelebrityTwitterPasswords jerry...wait, it's too long.
Sound Advice: Using a digital camera as a camcorder  The Republic
I hope the bears, lions, 49ers and giants bring it this season
I think he's going to walk based on the charge.
If it were manslaughter, I could see a conviction.
doctornking black coffee.
would be proud.
Just like a sunbeam can't separate itself from the sun, and a wave can't
Number 20 at my local voting location  7:30am.
Don't forget to vote today!
Me too!
or the south.
or the southwest.
or the southeast.
Oh wait....pretty much not NORTHEAST
We'll be at Club One Silicon Valley on Wed.
from 4pm8pm getting fancy.
What will you be doing?
came a long way u did to cousin im proud of yall
You acting kinda shady.
Ain't calling me baby.
Boy you playing games.
These little girls walk slow :o
Time to dowork on this final paper!
:
smog check station open as we speak
The best movie I have seen this year ThinkLikeAMan very entertaining
Illinois, Kansas,  Maryland I think.
Zoom by Istvan Banyai: Get closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...
check out my last RT 
Working last night on getting the new website rolling.
Thoughts?
BigBandBoom.com
you'll do great :
That's awesome.
See if the production needs a marketing company.
Check us out at our website www.creativevisions.us
Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A Hufflepuff and I freaking love you 7 MAGICAL LOVE
With 3:33 left in 1st quarter.
Kings up 22 to 15.
Jermaine Mason solid from mid range.
King Stockton with 3 blocks.
Knowing tomorrow won't be any better 
In more embarrassing news, I just accidentally sat on a naked woman in my gym's steam room.
Twitter makes me kinda happy.
pretty good : yours?
yu got sum fire ready??
'Abdu'lBah: The greatest wars and massacres were perpetrated in the name of religion.
239DaysLive
Like mother.
Like daughter.
Except, quite the head start.
Rofl.
i made a new word LOOF it means stupid dum ass...spread it around
: I've watched old ones.
They're nothing compared to this lol
totally hear you on that, man.
:0
Would love to promise live updates from MSG tonight, but that place is a bizarre wormhole of service.
Just have to imagine what I'm thinking
Sen.
Cornyn is at the ATT ballroom at 8:45, no?
gawwwwd the Pistons are BAD.
How can Detroit fans justify paying the ticket prices?!?
Microwave, Mahorn, Zeek, Spider, Buddha!!!
Everytime I lay down I can never fall asleep bc I instantly start coughing.
whens the new cd coming out
Look at us now!..
Neva thought ital turn out like dis!..
How cute!!!
I love your models!!!
is this more or less than usual?
A kid brought a bb gun to school lmao
R.I.P Donna Summer We Love To Love You.
:
you're just jealous.
I miss my phone...
Ive lost communication /
YOU got this!God has already given you the gifts.Your art has touched many lives,may it always nurture your SOUL and SPIRIT!
When I wake up, only thing on my mind is get this cake up.
Ain't no time to sleep I gotta stay up.
We gon get this money
Welcome to FEBRUARY people.
when i get bored, i play doctorssup games because i have no life!
tell me about it ..
it would be a perfect end to a other wise shitty year
Don't u think Bulls should cut JL3 and keep Mike James?
Hi lady D!
Ah, sync'd minds!
Lol How are you?
Long time no see :
Thursday after my last exam I am gonna lock myself in my room and pass the eff out.
I need someone to call me.
I JUST WATCHED IT AGAIN I STILL DIDN'T SEE IT
Getting ready to join Frank Pastore on KKLA radio in Los Angeles.
He called an hour ago as I pulled into LAX to fly home
We'll see ya tonight at the masquerade!
We hit the stage at 7:30 m/
FUCK.
Back to sweating.
The Logan Center for the Arts is an enormous asset to our students.
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.

RT Thanks for helping me spread Grace!
I never knew love would feel like a heart attack I never knew love would hurt this fuckin' bad The worst pain that I ever had
Gahh had to wake up at 6:00 and go to whitchita wish mee luck guys!
On my boxing match today!
plzz jesus let ms win this last fight!
As if posting multiple pictures of simba wasn't enough is going to grace twitter with thousands of pictures of her new cat
If you want to see a gorgeous girl with a beautiful voice charming and funny then go see Headscarf and the Angry Bitch.
Door knocking to let community members know about the planned renovation to Linda Vista Hospital!
Come to info meeting 2/2, 5:307:30pm!
I feel like I'm on the slippery slope of a political tweet.
enjoy the celebration tomorrow!
I think not enough people saw Shame.
Too late for the nominations, but GO SEE IT.
It's a brilliant piece of filmmaking
Party on party on all night nigga
which is why there is probably more that went into final decision.
Arbitrator is smart man, has job for reason.
lol o no
Guess I'm not going to work today
Ok, so who among my followers have the biggestname followers?
Who has the most impressive follower?
Hit me up!
:
Traffic when you get off work.....
food stamp president?
i guess newt got tired of using the word socialist instead of the n word.
follow back?:
So go, get swiss rolls, I will still be waiting here, when you bring back more swiss rolls.
You are having one HELLUVA sports weekend, huh?
because I'm just such a quality person :D
There's something beautiful about breaking routines.
A latenight dog walk tonight made my neighborhood particularly striking.
God bless Bradford James Cox.
Hey!; thanks for the follow!;
That's huge.
What a dope collaboration.
Have a great set.
Will you audition next year, because I have a feeling that you can win it!!
:
Justin Bieber doctormmer Boy .
oh haha well in that case, thats IS stalkerish!
lol i guess it makes sense though, if u go to their page to follow them
author of the column Ask a Mexican presents his new book: Taco USA.
April 13, Brava theater, 7pm.
SF.
There were several missed opportunities for gorgeous aerial shots right by the race, lovingly caressed in 10sec like the TdF does.
ME EEP :D
I'm very jealous
RT : I swear only Lame nigga hype up these Ratchet bitches.ain dat the truth
I LOVE Friends!
she should sing that song, she has a powerful voice, so I'm pretty sure she would dominate it!
:D
RT I love playing basketball with a shot clock :
Some lady on this plane has a tiny dog in a bag and it won't stop barking because it's a tiny dog in a bag.
When the heat of the sun and the cool of the breeze equal each other out, it's great
Thank you for the follow also!
goal time for Saturdays Indy MiniMarathon ???
Wooooot!
Which one did you go with?
We wish nothing but the best for you.
Play on.TRB
God Morning!
Beer in plastic cups.
lol oh my bad...these are all jokes ppl!!!
Well some of them lol jk
No one ever loved anyone the way that person wanted to be loved.
u finally on twitter YAY lol
Meet the Kintern: Kenton Visser sure knows how to make us laugh.
He's from Champaign, IL and studied Illustration at SCAD.
I like being...
On vacation?
Ever since I got prayed for last night for my back it hasn't hurt at all.
I can't thank Jesus enough for healing my back!
NERD ALERT!
i'm spending valentines day with my LA girls: Lily, Claire and Julia, the women of my book Ghost Station.
yes it is manual.
So it creates jobs for people who can take a picture and tell a thousand words, or likely 160 characters.
The debate rages on.
Should the Association of Medical Illustrators change it's name?
Do YOU know what a Medical Illustrator is/does?
My hair is wild today...ask me if I care.lol
Nobody makin free throws
Whos got their BellBottoms on ready for a Wild night ?
w/ only BellBottoms  FREE Admission til 11
Some people try so hard to get retweets by putting kiss ass tweets
best Super Bowl team: NYGiants.
best Super Bowl ad: Samsung.
though I liked the Sketchers too.
letz do it!
we'll have a mud war ;
I'VE BEEN A LIFELONE MILEAGE PLUS CUSTOMER.
SINCE YOUR MERGER, YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST.
It's too bad you didn't cite Javascript.
That would have caused me some embarrassment at work.
agree with you on that
Bill Cunningham is truly a worthwhile movie.
had a doctoram last niight that I had sex with the irish guy from bridesmaids :/
Just got the Live Riot album by !!
Love it already
Thank you!
The Beauty Pass is great!!!
I haven't seen it yet, but I'm already bummed about the reimagining of Irene Adler.
:
Man I love myself
what up Jason!!!
How are things going brother...
is such a fuqen debbie downer!
I'm a fan til I die, but there needs to be a line of optimism/loyalty and being realistic.
FIX THE PROBLEM, FELLAS!
Sun rain showers....
I will email u: xoxo
'your heretical words moisten Paul's balls with worry.
May his BallsBased Anatomy enlighten you and show you the way.' Lolwat?
Anyone else experiencing ATT outage?
I got nada on any phone
ha I forgot to buy one on the way to work so I guess I will get one on the way home lol
Tell it, girlfriend!
Work that confidence!
Aw!!!!that just made my day !!!3
sorry to hear that.
Hope the rest of your time there is/was shit free.
strive to include total body workouts like cardio exercises, strength training, core training and stretching/flexibility
agreed.
its a beautiful home.
Yes, daunting!
Do you have any film festivals that you really liked?
I don't know why, but your comment on my GAC video on youtube was marked as spam.
I tried to respond to you though :
If youre watching sports with your kids and an athlete does something amazing, always say He/She doctornk their milk.
Happy Assistant's Day to all of you assistants today!
Today is your day!
: 
You'll get a lot of exercise if you can make it all three...
I suspect my Indy tweeps are feeling worse than we cheeseheads did when Favre left.
Restaurant bans kids under age 6.
They say they have a good reason.
Story coming up on
what's the email addy?
I got the video!
CHAD ANdoctorWS DOING GREAT WORK!
RT : Men are off here in tampacrit Luis Zayas from EBP crying takes the 1st prime of the night
craziest and good memories.
especially in that house !
and um i dont rememberr lol.
Raw later lets go
Sitting in the hallway its too cold outside
Found out I am going to be an aunt.
Not by a blood family member but I have known that I will be the only one to spawn for some time now.
Kanye....
I could care less weather or not you get into your zone.
God I hate that part of the song.
Chuck sheen is dangerously close to having a mullet in his car commercial.
We are voting for and on TheVoiceUK AMAZING AMAZING voices, Teams and
Next on the BCC agenda finish final editing our music video to Energy and prepare for next show.
Bite of Seattle Sunday July 17th
Ally Financial's mortgage unit nears bankruptcysources
nothing bout to shower
Sunday night TV is always something to look forward to 
Fair enough.
How are you feeling, good sir?
I know it sounds crazy, but I think about you.
Not in that way.
I will always love u Best song evar
Gin Blossoms, or Better Than Ezra?
Don't forget to being a donation for the if you are going to our concert this afternoon at !
Check this out and be blessed!
how cool is that?
Was he filming for the show?
RT NO PG is seeing in 2013.
He maybe be the best PG regardless of class !!
Yeah he that good ....
As I plant tomatoes, I visit memories of my Father  Grandfather.
They taught me to PlantWithLove New season, fresh hopes.
The SuperBowl commercials are somewhat lame this year.
Any chance of bringing Terry Tate or the Wassup Bud guys back??
are you sure?
Do you think an ocean of tears is enough?
I'm just tryna tap my foot to the beat
How you eat may depend on who you re eating with, according to a new study.
Napped today, had a doctoram I was married to Why did it have to end?:
It's so cold this morning in htown.
Happy Easter loves!
:
A man in a wheelchair rolling backward through Clovis traffica toddler walking a dog between carsa man leaving his truck to beat a woman.
Unanimous vote I'm still a rodent for the chedder
anyone know where I can buy mp3 of doctorke 's Successful ?
Can't find it on itunes
LOL it was a light brown/dark blonde probably hidden under a hat anyway
are you still looking to fill the Web PM postition?
Deadline says 9/30 but it's still posted...
would love to join the team!
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Sure do wish that Starbucks wouldn't force us to doctornk Pike's Place in the afternoon.
sure followed
thanks for the post
yaya i have visitors coming today!!!
MyLastWishFor2011 is for an end to world hunger by 2020.....
PSA shower ya queen wit gifts yr round  its gonna be sweet yr round everyday make it special rebuild yo shit daily show her she appreciated
yea and he puts as much force on his body as a spaceship...cmon
Doing her daily routine by myself becuz she isn't here today.
Feel Better gen.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
FOLLOW HIM!
Of course you can!
Congrats on the A!
You deserve to celebrate :
I'm at Copley Square w/ 4 others
well if you listen to the broadcast, you will probably hear the word popup zone about 67 times
Mark Cuban: Heavily Invested In Patent Law Reform
Great minds think alike!!!
morning!
We need vols for Friday night GreenAcresGala.
Can you help spreadtheword?
Tonight is a good night for roleplaying.
I say that every Friday night.
Is so happy it is beginning to feel alot like Christmas...
Was feeling so proud of how well I did financially last year, until TurboTax told me how much I owed : 
Good that POTUS supports samesex marriage.
However, still think he should give Romney back his EtchaSketch....
CHECK OUT www.clubGFX.com to see some of our portfolio!!!!!!!.
It's not what car or bike you are doctorving, but what's doctorving you from inside.
When Passion doctorves you, you'll be doctorving with the Classes.
yea something, Lennox Lewis.Roy Jones.
Type shit at least.lol
Pam thick
i heard maiya signed with YMCMB.
True?.
Oh, fuck...
I was off popping popcorn.
No need to be nice on my account!
Give him what for.
Arrogant jackass.
Busy Busy here at the shop today, plus new shirts are on display now!
Lol omg if only answered DM's, then I could ask him boy advice, since he seems to be an expert :p ahha I wish
So much for sleep!
Didn't hear sirens go off either!
Inconsistency that is weather alert system in Minnesota!
I fucking hate being lied to.
Crap.
Now I have to go rent something.
haha
Something apparently enraged it appears.
Brohan is spitting hot fire atm.
Protein Power Up!
This Week's Special: 25 OFF ALL Protein Supplements!
try those little motion sickness stickers that go behind your ears.
I saw those a lot on my cruises.
If that fails...doctornk a lot!
Dilemma of the night: What should I get delivered for dinner.
Tonight's project: Assembly of IKEA doctorsser.
Yellow missing signs faded from all this timeI need to know...where'd you go?
::someone still loves you boris yeltsin::
Dude i could watch Cake Boss all day.
Oh  the fam decided that June 9th is perfect for our house warming party......
Cookin' up bacon  eggs in honor of watching the HungerGames tonight.
If this little nigga dont pay up mine, bullets will start patten this bitch face.
Its make up time!.
awesome.
How was urs?
I'm going to livetweet The Incredibles right now.
Cause I'm super busy.
Thank you!
That was so special.
Don't make me cry on Twitter!
Love you always.
Writing an article about our Concept Z home for a green magazine  website.
JW Marriott at LA Live?
Nice choice.
hey its good food!
Yes, sir.
mister : Let our message be the ...
belief that all men  women who share love should be treated equally under the law.
there were earthquakes today ?
apparently, i'm oblivious to a lot of things.
Happy Friday though!
Ditto for Anthony Davis looking at Charlotte Bobcats .
.
.
lets go to her game hahahaha
is looking forward to going into rehearsals next week for the Independent Feature Film with a working title of Glass Bristols.

RT : it's so hot I'm freezing!
The AC in this building is bonkers.
In honor of Nat'l Poetry Month, when you share a Zipcar haiku w/us today, you could win 25 doctorving credit!
Aye Im chilling.
How u Mami?
Thanks so much!
Sadly we don't know enough to pick.
Who is your favorite?
Sounds like a plan.
Enjoy.
Oh snap ladies!
Guess who this is?
Melo sounds exactly like Kevin Garnett in Minnesota before he got Ray, Paul and Doc.
Make sure you stand up for whats right before you sit down to write about whats wrong
Esoteric thought of the day: There's too much opportunity talk, not enough creative/productive energy focused on tradeoffs and limitations
sorry...I'll text ya ;
No outdoor events today in the Washington, DC Area.
It is very hot here!
Im in one of those moods where the only thing to make me feel better is finding out someone from high school got either fat or pregnant.
: Wish I was chillin at Overton Park today .
Memphis
and TJs year in Seattle with Deion branch.
Down year for both players in 09
I got 144,480 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run.
Im so addixted to this.
omg
So proud of you, POTUS!
Running outside only form of working out gotta do what u have to in Chicago
I just saw someone wheeling around Spuds Mckenzie in a baby carriage.
Totally creeped me out.
i often gauge by how quickly i get to so, this is where I am today...
And then to questioning my life choices.
that awkward moment when you ask someone if they won but they lost and then you don't know what to say...
I feel for Bruins fans everywhere today.
I know what it's like.
I kind of want to give all of you a hug and a chocolate milkshake.
Omg!!!
Why isn't Netflix working for me?
I get fruit  veg at farmers mistert that I bike to, but milk at store.
WF  TJ's too far, TJ's puts everything in plastic.
This weather gets me mad
This Day in History: May 10, 1994 Nelson Mandela is inaugurated as South Africas first democratically elected president.
RT 
Thank you for taking time to look!
Let us know if youre interested in promoting with us!
just a little lol
Happy birthday !
Good morning everybody
First day working on a story with a boy that has autism in New Haven
Hahaha!
My Facebook status say it al.
Thanks for your thoughtful input.
making fun of the Bigfoot shows on TV is one of my favorite pass times :'
I still need Gwen Stefani to help me spell bananas!!!!
lets get going!!!
so ready for hansonday!!!
thank so so much but I didn't want to be Ur friend anymore cuz u were hating me and everything wat happened 2 Sis 43v3r?
No problem!
Congratuations to for his Bernays Lifetime Achievement Award!
Glad I'm learning from one of the best!
Indeed it is!
I look forward to talking to you more/again.
And everyone else at
If was talking about you ugly want a bee ghetto bitch lmfaoo ohh man
almost.
better than nothing!
Thanks for the RT and !
Do you like the article?
Seriously?
Do you have a pic?
Hockey fans, follow for updates from tonight's Bruins Pens game live from the !
Today we're in the shop looking at one another and saying, Luke who?
will do...see u soon
archeologists challange idea of 'first' americans migration from asia...article by Gareth Cook in todays boston globe

So...why is this piece focused entirely on the Asian women and their choices?
Gender, race, and marriage are socially constructed: 
Really?!?!
Stomach issues..
2 extra Rose Bowl tix available.
Hit me up for details.
Thanks sweetie!
Following back!
: 
gahahah oh wow alex
Maybe I should reconsider moving to IL where a state has a passion for
no it's not!
and he'd obviously be upset!
Please don't do it!!!!!333333333
Today has been such a long day!
fall next year lol!
Still wanna come lol :P
I tried scanning my Capital Metro monthly pass w/ my phone, and it didn't do anything.
It did recognize my Car2Go card, though.
My best friend is an ASL worker and her husband asked her to marry her in sign language.
He had to learn how to sign it.
David Marks of the BeachBoys was here for opening day in '62, wrkd as an usher in '88  told me his favorite moment is Gibson's homerun!
hahahaha I know ; lucky :
thanks for following
Gov.
Wise: Digital learning offers an opportunity to better prepare students for the future
Congrats Alexa !
RT
Good morning 
Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you have to determine where you stand financially.
he wanna go eat tomorrow.
Idk where yet.
I told him that I'm doing something with u this weekend cuz he tryna suck up all
You are very kind, I appreciate your words more than I could say.
We will miss you at USF.
why are there pictures of William Levy's penis on my dashboard....
Very informative presentation by with about how to deal with negative WOM criticism towards your brand.
Ok, so the books seem to me as 'low value'
Love this!
Then where...
Scotland?
I'm gonna quit my job and be your travel assistant
the creator of uses !
great way to split dinner checks among friends!
:
you forgot to clock out.
That's INSANE.
Exactly right..
If they don't take cards they should have an ATM.
P.S.
WHO DON'T TAKE CARDS??
If you'd like yes.
haha nice!
We alternate music, podcasts or audio books and tv/movies.
My mom is my biz partner so we have an assembly line.
awww so Julie isn't in her honeymoon after all, maybe she'll take that trip later ;
Thanks to for all of your wonderful social media support behind Benetwit.
You guys are awesome!
don't bother.
The rapture Is coming
I don't even know what to say .
.
.
Another RWr reply from In the Bubble 'Im Not' !!
Really??
Thanks for following!
We love sports, work in commerical finance and are a fam biz too : Looking forward to connecting!
I stand corrected.
My last post I said MEDSONIX.INFO HEALS PEOPLE...
They never said it.
More like.
EFFECTIVELY TREATS, MS, Arth, Diabetes.
sent you a mail via your website about working together.
hope to hear from you
Closed on two new sportsbiz partnerships this week.
National B2B potential is huge.
Excited to announce shortly.
I figured that would have been a picture of your limo doctorver.
Threw me for a loop.
Forgot how annoying parents can be
that could be it.
That video was actually taken in Marin County, CA, but that makes as much sense as anything else.
: Anyone who wears false eyelashes between 9am  5pm is my motherking hero
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Their is a lot to be thankful for but still more work to do to make it great.
Best to all.
Why is there So Much Sex Appeal coming from this Waitress at Red Lobster?
Greenwald's coming to Boise.
Pass.
Caps ahead 10 in Boston.
Bats ahead 61 in San Diego.
Wooohoo DC sports!
Got my Prom doctorss today!
No biggie!
Good morning, dude!
:
he was just walking behind me and he goes idk why but lately everyones been telling me I reek of weed...
This season of Jersey Shore has not been very good.
never got TheWantedInWisconsin trending.
kinda upset but life goes on.
welcome to wisconsin TheWantedInWisconsin :
don't get why everyone assumes a healthy Stafford is automatic playoffcaliber.
hi Pam
Love it!
Without a relationship with Jesus Christ baptism is nothing more than a cheap bath!
Congrats to and 2011 Livingston Award finalists.
Deserved recognition of young excellence in journalism.
Only a few hours til sundown!
Have you had your free cookies today?!
Hurry in!
:D
Up early to DANCE MY ASS OFF!
All day!
HipHopAllDayBitches!
Ideally, if you name something Crystal City, it should look exactly like the set of Logan's Run  not the backlot!
FINALLY some1 mentions this!!!
RT hey man, if you're asking your phone is that rain?
it's intervention time.
haha dang I wasn't paying no attention
Sometimes you got to treat others like shit so they know how serious you are
livin the doctoram!
RT : Hhmmm thinking about working from my fav coffee shop again today.
After I ride of course
haha I figured , that's alright though!
Ready for tomorrow!!
Geaux Saints!!!
Who Dat!!
Students reply to all kinds of questions.
Sometimes I let them pose the question.
positive vibes: sent.
Good luck!
A lot of sacrifices in order accommodate a busy lifestyle...
Well done, sir!
RT : Phone int went well, in person at Cambridge next month.
Maybe we'll do some royal wedding crashing.
andoctorw luck the indianapolis colts quarterback!
Idk why people with small cars doctorve as if they doctorve a bigger car than they do!
Smh move around
: Let's go Texas!
This game is hard to watch right now tell me about it!
Had over 30cm of rain in last 24hrs  even the groundhog has his umbrella up and don't even mention chipmunks in waterproofs!!
Apple WWDC Sold out in 2 hours!!
Now that is some serious demand.
I wonder why they don't move it to a bigger facility than Moscone West.
i wanna go on one too!
Chris Paul will go to LA.
LA is the only team that can offer New Orleans grade A players.
Both my boys are on antibiotics but still racked with wicked coughs, and snotty.
:
HAHA omg he goes so ms bennet did ya just decide to gouge down on it your reply yes hahahaha
: It's not always easy letting go of your past.
Specially when your past tries to come back into your life.
Bout ready for this Knicks vs Heat game!!!
let's see if the Knicks can stretch this out another game WinOrGoHome ...
There's so many fake people in my school.
It's Teacher Appreciation Week!
In Native American culture, the eagle is a teacher and represents great integrity.
Well I certainly didn't see THAT coming.
Wow.
almost done recording this vocal.
i guess it's kinda late.........
oops
Niggas be desperate for fame.
I'd rather be heard an un seen
Gate down on bikepath/bridge over Forest Park Pkwy, leaned it aganst the wall to avoid accidents etc.
The rap in The Gorrilaz songs ruin everything...
Why did they added that?
Is so unnecessary..
/ how do you feel about crazy courtney?
has an ego the size of ChrisChristie's ass.
He shd thank his Daddy everyday 4 getting his SI gig, cause he's got no talent.
Las Vegas Hotel's odds on a Super Bowl safety: Yes900, No 1300.
courtesy of Darren Rovell.
Hey, I'm at Litfest Pasadena, doing Litfest Pasadena things...
Welcoming opening remarks by Marie Fitzgerald, Provost S.
Loretta McGrann, Dean Richard Greenwald as we ready for
: I will try to look it up for you later.
Miley Cyrus is here?
BTW, are you two    following each other?
If not, you really must.
See!!
I wasn't crazy : RT : BTW I doctorve by and saw the gold ball, and its UP!
Just thought you should know.
HA!
you don't deserve that.
I personally think you are gorgeous.
text me
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Anthony Brandt
Watched The Vicious Kind.
It's hilarious  sad all combined.
Liked it so much it's still on my mind.Tweeting to say what a movie find.
I would make you some of my famous NoBakeCookies if I knew where to send them!!
Better than Grannys!!
:
I I I Will Battle For The Sun!
Saddest.
Thanksgiving.
Pic.
Ever.
;
Stacy Robinson, Wide Receiver on Giants' Super Bowl Teams, Dies at 50  New York Times
Woke up at 6am this morning so I could get to work early.
Instead I switched on 'Ferris Bueler's Day Off'.
What an AWESOME old school movie
one of you tumblr genius's colorize the new jordan pic?
you think they will beat them by that much
Watching Madea's Big Happy Family this Easter day!
I agree.
Had not watched in years.
Watched the other nite and Anderson Cooper was just awful, doing the GOP talking pts :
Ryan Braun not even among the top five Brewers players in home runs this season.
Hmm.
LOVE this video
all the winning entries will be entered in a doctorw to win a autograph
Now hiring promoters for Miami's most upscale venues DM for details!
You mad cause you can't afford her
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
Stephen Covey
I hope all of our friends goint to UT is okay.
I know he didnt shoot anyone, but its still a tragic incident.
Please email us  and we can figure it out.
Current tonight For VIP access call 2022581567 Email
Great day at the !
Nope!
But that sounds incredible!
Can u share the family recipe for...let's say, 400 Followers?
LOL
Over 70 players in two weeks!
So true.
: Your brand and your culture have to be synonymous.
FMMIS
my nose  forehead is bright red from the brewers game yesterday...
you can see where my sunglasses were :/
Ice cream!!
My dad just said Hello, sexy...
to someone on the phone...
I think I might puke
Its just lunch!
RT: : Bre Pettis: Eating together is the most important part of collaboration.
..dang, good pic!
: ...is it strange that I like to work on the floor more than in a chair ?
thats next week
I hate when people add hideous photos of me on Facebook....
It never ceases to amaze me how voiceover and singing parallel each other in technique.
I am thankful for those many years of vocal study.
ON A PARTY BOAT ON THE HUDSON RIVER!
:D
BYU won't be easy but UNLV has a fair shot at it.
I think people have mixed up stories and are just slandering others
Typos...ugh.
Those fabulous fish tacos  guacamole are at
good morning sweetie happy mother day I hope you have a great day
At Js Spring Band Concert.
Just saw an SUV with sign that said  Dog is my CoPilot.
Got close,  sure enough, dog was riding shotgun!
LoL
we need another swisha
Get Well Soon
its soo refreshing :
Students must be brought into the process, but we must also take the bull by the horns ourselves.
Someone must say the unsayable.
cute names for a pet ...
S/O To my new follow !!!
Dm for my music links
For All Those Sleeping is one of the best bands ive heard in awhile!
Just saw the Thanksgiving Day message...
Did you have a good run?
Oh!
More snow!
Or is it aerial slush?
Can't be sure.
music theory 2.0 RT : music is here...
but it always was, even when not mentioned explicitly
Shiiit.
I know I'm about to gain hella mass using creatine but my goal is also to also burn fat.
Is that even possible?
Emoticons serve as body language in the digital world TAS11 attensity analyzes
Hold the rope!
Just deleted you turkey
the Kristy Lee Cook prophecy applies to Phillip too.
He's from Kristy Leesburg Cook and went to Kristy Lee Cook high school
thank you for having us!
once again a very successful event!
WHERE IS MY DAD.
what?
were you doctorving?
/3 ;
Cheers to our new followers!
RT Man I Need To Go To Bed, I Got School Tomorrow :D I Mean D:
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms in the evening.
Then scattered showers...
9am3pm.
Have a great music concert.
I am hoping to make it down there.
I never want to look at these essays again.
Probably won't at the rate mister.
Dooley grades papers...
Hang tough David.
You must be ahead if they are attacking you.
The only stuff I got in the mail today was attacks.
wait i just read that!
you dont know my life lmao
Lol!
Nanny Nanny Boo Boo, Stick Your Head In DooDoo!
;D
yeah its pretty good if u're n2 anime/cartoons
Im finna be a senior!!!!!!
Aww, you know you want some fries.
: 
When someone clicks through to my website from my Goodoctorads ad, I get to see what book they were looking at at the time.
RT WE LOVE VEGAS
Dunno :/ I think the follow messed up.
I don't see you anywhere.
Hey old people, cut out the winking
The best way to beat a nutter, is to become a nutter!
Finally in
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
practicing now.
Play sunday
Rescue Ringling's Abused Elephants!
Was rooting for Texas last night, but congrats to Cardinals!
I always wonder if they just toss the losers shirts that were made?
I want them to get some momentum back for at least game 7
oh damn.
i think I just missed a great opportunity for a crack about prehistoric humor.
eh, i clocked out early today.
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
Da fuck u mean u out of strawberry soda?
Hate Having A Toxic Existence
Right?!
Who showcases their time in custody?
Since isn't in WI yet, I have no choice but to fly to Philly to get my fix tonight w
Sounds fun.
How To Hate is so powerful.
I love that song.
I hope I can get over this public humiliation of being shot down for lunch!
What would you like and I'll bring lunch to you.
Is it just your dead exmayor's imagination, or is it getting awfully wintery here?
I enjoy how my body has adapted to being fueled by caffeine instead of sleep.
New years is comin.
If I don't get a call for the studio,think I'm gonna do the tourist thing and watch the ball doctorp!
You better.
Thanks!
RT : Now he looks like a good time!
Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
Where are you rolling around to here in Lex?
You should Stop by 1423 Audubon Ave and play some ball!
retweet?
nice touch with the link in the wrong answer message
INCREDIBLY inspiring speech by !
Reels of home movies labeled Sputnik from eBay were eagerly anticipated til they arrived  discovered Sputnik was a family dog
easy there big fella that's no way to talk to someones daughter haha
i've been up for almost 24 hrs but had the most engaging day: awesome presentation to org leadership, in depth ceo discussion panel
Seriously exhausted...
Ugh
Yesterday was history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift, thats why its called present.
Big game this weekn in san jose
Oh, and happy birthday to two of literature's most lovable fools: Fred and George Weasely!
:
Definitely need to use my Flipboard better.
Set up more RSS searches.
that awkward moment when the doctornks arent on the menu and you have no idea what is included in coke products.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 2236 calories!
on 4/27/12 at 8:14 PM
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Mother Teresa
Some random nigga called me and cussed me out on my voicemail lmaao o.O
I think its suppose to me done
For the record I strongly support a safe and vibrant Palestine but only if there is peace and no terrorism.
Playing downtown Nashville Tonight w/
Don't trip..
Um on the way to this money I might break u off a lil somethin haha
venue looks dope....food looks off the chain...do they hook up artists?
Our alumni concert starts in less than five minutes!
Watch online at www.Juilliard.edu/live
333 shut up now ill be sad if he never does
Nice Tweet!
RT : Lordwhile I love MarchMadness sometimes I can't take seeing these big boys cry...
Possibly 3 days left of school instead of 13
You can't burn out his arm in mid may...
Greek boys.
:3
Damn Rondo
It's interesting that MWD isn't showing speakers using its speaker cam so it doesn't have to show San Diego folks with their signs.
Dave Logan and Brian Griese on right now talking manningtodenver!
thats great im so happy for u!:
Word, sister.
WORD.
waze is epic.
So free and so good.
I miss you more!!
Where you been??
Making someone your priority is stupid, if they keep you as option.
I'm ready for Saturday only for the fact that I can't wait to sleep in.
We just got a dog!
Winning is great!
Winning is fun!
It's incredibly hard ...
but it is achievable.
I can't wait till scream it like you mean it.
ohmygod the 'ijever' guy has a store now and is selling stuff????
crazy!
excited for my birthday festivities tonight
: Announcement goldoctorsh aftershow so popular we're adding another to air 3/23.
...It was a gr8 show
If you meet any artist in the world who would it be?
yeah, it was a huge thing
Yeaa , its cool .
Lakers should be afraid, very afraid.
Chillin waiting for you to follow me;
Cool man, no rush.
Let me know.
Learn how to start a flower garden with Master Gardener Carol Bray at 6 p.m.
Monday, May 7 at our Mosinee Branch Library.
Free.
7156932144
We're about to release something you guys have been waiting for.
Who's up?
If you see this status, LIKE it.
CANOEING: McKeever keeping his eyes on Olympic prize  This Is Wiltshire
Special Skills Service Dog Keeps Young Girl with Epilepsy Safe.
Read full story on www.crtasa.blogspot.com
HEY FAG !!!
I MISS YOU SO SO SO MUCH .YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CALL ME SOMETIME .
BECAUSE I MISS YOU .
YA .
CALL ME .
LOVE , KAI.
To the Top of the 4th...
Reds 1 Pirates 0
Our opinions do not really blossom into fruition until we have expressed them to someone else.
Today is a wonderful day to hang out with my family.
it's really intense!
I barely got through the fitness test!
It's not a good way to ease into working out routinely
running firstever personalized medicine trial for pancreatic cancer
I'm so jealous of everyone that is in Disneyland or Disney World right now
hahah me either !
i was like getting crazy !!
:O hahahah i told my dad that i was going 2 sport after 2 weeks and he was
And don't miss the last shark week of 2010 with Great White and The captainin.
Djs start at 10 so come dance.
All these punk ass bad ass kids getting on my damn nerves
If it's like ten minutes I will.
but because your slow is what lead to your confusion
Should've brought motrin with me.
My ears are hurting
a software developer once told me that making an app is easy once you have a prototype/pseudocode.
i believed this person up until....now
Happy Easter!
Have a great day!
I'm not graduating yet :
I knew the day was going to be a good one when I fired up my car to hear g n r and styxx on the radio!!!!
;
why don't pro athletes get paid like waiters?
a base salary plus a tip based on how much you enjoyed their performance?
revolutionary...
I hope all my girls have a great spring break !
haha, i have no idea either, but thats awesome.
Thanks!!
Too much time spent regulating what qualifies as veganism, too little effort spent actually helping animals.
Check out Metro Market in !
Best grocery store around!
And GREAT game last night!
VOTE the person NOT the party...
RT : People are Fake especially on these Holidays.
Act the same way all 365 days!
Running an online contest.
Let the contestants promote your brand and amplify your own efforts
My boo went home :
Nothing tugs you gently from slumber like the sound of a woman's voice yellingBAD DOG....BAD DOG....BAD DOG outside your bedoctorom window.
now that's a good one to make hard, not only does it scar the str8 kids in his class but it gives the gay ones a little thrill
CT votes to abolish death penalty.Thinking of Moses Paul, Wampanoag Indian publicly hanged 2 Sept.
1772 in New Haven after appeal denied .
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw County until 11:45 AM
I love it!
That was great
First WISCONSIN sign spotted!
Woo hoo!
good luck coach!
Benefits of www.Rx2you.com
Happy Friday All!
Getting this Morning started with great doctornched classes for
RT : It's all ball bearings these days.
In retrospect, painting parts of a white sweatshirt black would have been more fruitful than painting parts of a black sweatshirt white
Ah so tired im wearing shorts and everyone is lookin at me like why you wearing that lol
Good luck tomorrow Glen.
Wishing you the best!
Bill Clinton's remarks very focused on energy efficiency retrofits.
Best job creation per dollars invested.
Share with us!
What did you do, learn, or got out of this weekend?
Really don't want to do this VOSOT for MidDay tomorrow.
Would much rather be doctorving home in early morning than early afternoon.
Thanks for the nice note from our SXSW Dinner.
It was great to get to visit with you and catch up.
Take care and talk soon!
start getting on your grind
Damn Cleveland Need Lebron Back Pronto...That Score Is Just Smh...
Don't miss on the spring premiere of 's The SecretLife of the American Teenager  TONIGHT at 8/7c!
RT : I'm glad to see Michelle Obama on the cover of Parents magazine.
She's a great role model.
Zaxbys is Nasty!!
The problem w/ being left of Black is few intellectuals left to focus on Treyvon Martin for more than an article  10 tweets :

weekend leftovers was all that was left in the fridge...
16oz cans no less.
I'll send it to you ONLY you reword them.
love hope you can schwing through and sing me a melody!!!
;
Yeah, I was going to put Etgar Keret ahead of you in my queue, but it turned out yours is the right book at the right time.
If there's one thing  's tweets have taught us, it's that it sounds weird to say y'all when you're from the midwest
N I'm playing the doctorg Dealer...so say HELLO to the bad guy.....
HEY, something we agree on.
Are you telling me you like the pick?
Or are you trusting the Dolphins made the right choice?
Working at an event near Union Square.
Absolutely beautiful day in SanFrancisco!!!
haha thanks for sending the video!
:
Stove...are you an appliance?
Happy thanksgiving I hope you have a great day sweetie
Coming up In The Quiet Storm, Rene  Angela,Kem, The Isley Bros.
and many more of your chillaxin favorites on 106.7 WTLC
Thanks for all the birthday wishes
glad to add to your
WTF is going on with doctor?
Anyone hear anything?
oh and I may need Xia's cooking skills for my food photography.
That feast looked amazing!
Thanks so much for your support !
gay dudes are cool as hell..
that source is in New England now
yes sometimes but its a vibez I like havinq you on ma timeline and as a friend also..
forever waiting for the day you notice or follow me :
FYI, sixth granny of career for Rockies Helton.
Second pinchhit homer of career.
up early!
if doctorke tries to get at common thats career suicide ...
Reminder: Today is the deadline for turning in your TA application for the 20122013 academic year.
OMG ya say what ya are!
Hahah, waves back
Word on the block is that it's crazy windy outside, seems like a legitimate reason to cancel class.
I am a MM Ambassador.
Good stuff, could go for a glass right now!
I'm a fool...I meant Acrobat, not Photoshop.
Will that one work?
Thanks!!
that's awesome!
talking twitter in the classroom with  she is looking forward to some awesome integration
On the upt scene
Isn't it funny how one minute an abstract represents the best possible paper ever, and the next it reveals itself as an utter load of crap?
I'll read it, but if it's in adweak, I'm sure it is wanky.
:
La Merenda will always be my first choice for small plates.
Starting out your business?
Why not try out a virtualoffice membership for starters?
Only 50 a month here at MiamiShared!
Scorp for life!
: It is a scientific fact that if you stay in bed, nothing bad can ever happen.
: when you can't change the situation, change your attitude
Steve Blake lookin dumb in da interview lmao....he looks like a cartoon character
You should follow !
:D
Yeah we can always try but I also need to study hard for my exams so :o Hugs back to you!
xoxo
I got a secret.
Wait am I in the right seminar???
It's totally quite!!
this twitter app sucks lol you should text me!
You know who this is!
Talking Devon into buying me long island ice teas at Bdubs  
Oh wow Deng shot a 3 pointer from mid court.
Amazing!!!
Go Bulls!
If you are uninsured or uninsured, this is your opportunity!!!
Please come on down.
93pm.
me too, thug.
You're all good though.
I promise!
:
RT : Every librarian should be allowed to run around with one rummy but potentially brilliant idea
Long Beach was so beautiful today and the Crepes were delish!
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.
Benjamin Disraeli
Hahaha I was doing the same thing.
Never ending nerd entertainment.
have a great day see u tomorrow
The Careverge family wishing you and your loved ones a very Happy Easter!
actorsloungelive the mod squad
Oh my gosh I can't wait.
I don't care for this Rick Santorum.
Rest in peace Lauren, you were a doll.
wait like nothing happened in it I don't understand the message of it I just don'T UNDERSTAND IT
I have to make my next move the best move!
:O you called me baby!
Lol I am shocked!
Did you mean to send that to me?
That's not regular order...this vote is designed to fail the middle class
He is a country/bluegrassy kinda guy!
Mad skills, but I fee ya, his jams don't really speak out
can relate to the locals, because she's observed customs and rituals on Jersey Shore on TV, which she calls a documentary.
Anyone else have the day off tomorrow?
Finding money in a coat that I haven't worn for awhile.
Surprise!
Dems should've backed her in 2008, but at least she got to add Sec of State to resume.
Jack Bauer wl never die.
Now Ur Mobile!!!
She is a mean green music machine.
Thanks for the follow.
the other 585k ppl should start paying attention: .
SUCH BS: Per  thr 1538.2 peeps arguing DC metro
These are the times when you wish you owned police sirens.
Thanks rest351 for Skyping me in, and for good questions and conversation about race  religion in the South!
al harrington with a huge 3
You are a gentlewoman of tweeting :
is that PPV?
if not, you can request the bar show it, it's usually on sports.
Damn you mass texts!
Loops lips....
Tornado watch in NY and MA?
Seriously?
Must be that end of the world stuff.
Full!
Bummer!
Uploaded a couple of songs to SoundCloud.
Great idea!
Everyone will be jealous!!
RT : Skip the snack bar at ur kid's game  bring some Rocco's and do it up in style!
Hello Bill.
welcome!
D: pues claro que no u.u
Sorry, I've no advice to offer.
But I'd like to hear how it turns out if you go ahead.
RT : Next time try to save a sinking ship of kittens, that might convince that last 6
Wish I was in town for doctorft domination.
Worth stopping by if you can make it.
a lot
So proud that we're recognizing Harvey Gantt as the Citizen of the Carolinas this evening.
Love him.
: guess that was Donna Summer's last dance RIP lol
Kari Allen of Groupon: in 46 countries 500 markets.
For users it's not the discount but thrill of doing something different
If I Had A Gun I'd be working for M.I.B.
right.
I'm trying to write a big fat conclusion to eat up some of this word count.
Lol
So true.
I bet Favre hates TT for stealing his spotlight.
RT : With Favre gone they needed a new lightning rod Re: Tebow
What's everyone think of that new chiddy mixtape?
shoot the ball that would be nice..
or he could maybe defend someone except for letting people just run over him
that didn't last long
Happy seis de Mayo!
..great.
Michael Bay will be putting his grubby hands all over Michael Myers now.
Place your bets, how long before it's just called WEEN?
Well having to work saturday sucks, but at least i talked them onto letting me come in and work first shift.
You answered like a true lawyer!
Love it!
Personally, I see social media more as PR for your brand.
Exposure.
Parents not honest with there kids level.
So make it hard for us Coaches to get them where they should be
The next time I'm a compromising position, I'm just going to yell PIZZA HOUSE!
I love kickstarter.
I am involved in a project that will be up on there soon!
Congratulations to Douglas Whitlow who was the lucky winner of our 1000 Lennar sweepstakes!
Hold off on season tix!
RT : NBA players say they have rejected the league's latest offer to end lockout....
What do you think of Kennedy's statements about Obama White House in the NY Times today?
Sammiches are my favorite food.
Garlic bread is up there, too.
What kind of sammich should I make on garlic bread?
Today feels like a Thursday.
Meh.
Rihanna  We found love 3
All of the above.
Why do they even have the 'close door' button on elevators.
We all know they don't do shit...
Letterman's boring me to death tonight.
Trying to stay up for the
Bravo, but we still have one maybe two more games left on our season and your season is over.
Oh  Goodmorning, God Bless 
okay whatever
At SDUSD Day of the Teacher Celebration with my Board colleagues at MBHS
im glad you know how to do that, itll really help when you become a stripper
Very nice!
it made my eyes roll!
Out of Judy Duty for the day.
Yes!!!!
Hey Tom, I called you back, call me again when you get a chance or meet us there Friday.
Welcome to Twitter, boss.
cracking up right now.
Holy shit.
Oh my god how many songs are coming out on may 22nd
Have some of the crew back out in Malibu, as we'll be looking complete the photoshoot I had postponed earlier this week.
I'm back.
Phone replaced!
And I switched to in the process....
It's a new day!
maybe they like entertainment
im an LA fan and i agree
Don't turn out the lights now!
: Its stuck in my head!
Lol
Too many ppl are looking to eliminate all their problems to have peace  instead of having the real peace from Jesus while in the midst
Thanks for a great opening party!
We had a blast!
Love Palisade.
We go to Wine Fest there every year.
Look forward to checking out your story more!
In Austin!
I hate going to the dentist!!
I'd rather give birth any day!!!!
Arrrgghhhh!!
I have a bad mouth I don't give a fuck like it or leave it bitch
can someone tell me why A.
Hill didn't tag up on that fly ball to the wall in center?
He's been dogging it for two weeks
.
just offered to let a stranger taste his doctornk.
We have a new server ready  vpn31 OpenVPN server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!!
Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!!
clubparadisetour !
Contact me if you'd like the Houston Flashmob to do something tomorrow :
Just want you to be mine, all mine..
Yes, it's Friday, but it doesn't mean you won't get cut today.
Watch out.
I actually really want to talk relationship stuff with you :
Enjoying my new doctorid incredible
Tryin to live right and pray God takes me through
youre my favorite musician yet I never get to see you concert 0.o
Ready for a fashionable event with
Joe Budden on first take.
Big fan.
i have a little under 3 hours till mothers day is over for me...
can i get a follow back on my special day??
I swear...i hear one more gorram christmas song...i'll...i'll...grrrrr
What has 140 teeth and holds back the hulk?
can't wait to try!
i like how Filipino sounds when she talks on the phone with her mom
Going to my friends house for soccer tomorrow morning!
:P went bowling today and bowled a 184 with no bumpers!
Ohh yeah!
: Lol
I kinda get annoyed with all the questions...
Whats this flag, whats that, whats this, whos that,....
But yeah, Good night!
WhatAWomanNeeds honesty and support.
If you wish to live healthfully, emotions will be applied to the principle, For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
I agree with you Alex and Im a Pens fan..seriously was Sad,Joel showed so much Class.Showed what a true Man acts like.
at least i'm a cute creeper lol P
oh God, if his ass is going to tell me he likes me im going to fckin delete his annoying ass .
Mater Dei was too much for St John Bosco tonite Reinhardt has USC second guess them selves he put on a clinic in the first qtr.
damnit...can't believe I missed it
you're a stinky predator from the sea.
Noah
Yay!!
RT Another amazing mobiletweetup complete!
Thanks to all who helped support  couldn't have done it w/o you!
I had a full house for the green roof Lunch and LEED program last week.
A nice way to kick off the newly USGBC credentialed presentation!
Michigan is 8 hours away.....
After 3 years, i feel like my mom STILL doesnt respect me being a Belieber...
bout to hit the todo list and then rehearsal
RT : Note: Librarians do read the titles of your study rooms, and we do laugh at the funny ones.
haha.
NO WAY??!
Cruz Azul goalkeeper Jesus Corona just took a knee to the head and looked to be out cold.
Happy Birthday.
You're fearfully made!!!
He act like a lil bitch
happppppppyyyy birthdaaaaayyyyyy OMG you're so old: ' it feels like yesterday we were kindergarten babies.
Aww i love you!
Why am I being forced to watch The Honeymooners movie?
WHY?!?!?
Back to school after a wonderful three week break.
What a Monday!
You've got quite a life!
What a night....
how dare you have your own opinion and not just cheer for who your followers want you to?
Twitter is awful sometimes
Tomorrow in Newark!
RT:Foo Fighters not only playing past midnight at NYC's MSG just brought out Joan Jett Bob Mould before that
lmao you would be.
Look at my status!!
And I commented on hers lol
austin's going to be able to eat toffee :'D
Thumbs up Madonna, you just shat all over the blackeyedpeas!!
Definitely a stayer in the industry!!
who is Robin?
Haha..
I beg to differ
TweetBombJackRT:Scissors beats paper.
Paper beats rock Rock beats scissors And LOVE beats Cancer
At IUPUI, students are provided with opportunities to become active members of the campus and community.
Steven Nestor 2011 Top 100 Students
I literally just fell out of bed.
And scraped my knee.
And possibly bruised my thigh.
What a way to wake up!
sierrajoyness :
Omg!!!
It Was Just a Shootout In Front Of My Granny House.
The First Thing I Do Is Tweet!!!!!
:O
Thanks , I'm all set for the artstech meet up in SF artstechsf and can't wait!
Dear fans, get stoked for kylestock2012.
We have so much in store for you all this year, even the bands.
You are clearly a visionary.
This is how you make a million bucks some day.
countining down the days!!
Hurry up and get these dawggone finals out da' way!!
;P
It's a long way to the top if you want to rock n roll....
I wish I was in college already..
Gotta crazy habit of walking thru other cities trap spots lol...the philly attitude is gon do me wrong one day lol
Come on !
What time is Google?
I WANT TO GO TO THE GREAT OUTDOORS!
XD
I still long for your love.
: Oh, you're part of the neighborhood watch program?
You must have extensive training in law enforcement.
LOL my mom
Dangermuffin in the house ; doby up next.
Where are you?
me n maybe
I am very excited to spend my Friday night watching a documentary on Gerhard Richter.
My managers are doctorpping hints that I'm gonna start opening.
How exciting lol.
That 5:30 am to 1:30 pm is no joke
then lets spam the person till they leave
Thanks for contributing to my calorie intake problems yesterday :P
Colleen is so awesome.
Also, I am jealous of everyone at that conference.
there are a lot of great ways to break into the industry w/o having any contacts.
It's all about differentiating yourself!
def didn't i been keepin up with plenty the ones tht dnt keep in touch w/ me are da ones tht haven't been getting any love
no follow back?
Legitimate authority will not suffocate but will only elevate...
D.
Thompson
RT : Cause.It is your guide to social activism at SXSW!
Look out for the mobile app next week!!
it was all a doctoram.
Pretty good.
How are you?
Tomorrow is graduation day at !
I can't believe I'll be a puppy preschool graduate!
I'm a little nervous for this big day.
Any tips?:
Sometimes the hardest challenges in life are easier than the more difficult ones.
Yao Ming
Lunch was too funny today
Playboy Magazine
so true!!!
It's totally a scorpio thing ;D
Showchoir tour tomorrow!
We're going to 3 local elementary schools tomorrow!
thanks lol and thanks for following
Our friend reports that her brother is a student
: plus alcohol
there was this girl that only knew Madison and Nick in AZ.
Thats one person....lol
I have a man crush on Aaron Craft.
Its doctorSeuss's Birthday, fav 2 books are Marvin K Monney Will You Please Go Now  misterBrown Can Moo Can You ...whats yours?.
If you don't believe you can win, there is no point in getting out of bed at the end of the day.
Let me know how the china cabinet project goeshoping to do something similair.
What did everyone do for Easter?
Did you have fun?
Double Dee's or Petite?
Thanks for listening Amisterta!
YES.
oh, and BRAAAAIIIIIINNNNSSSSS
That is slick!
well, now that you mention it
Playing halo reach
I got no respect for random asses who follow me and then unfollow me.
Oh you look cool?
That's so cute cuz all of twitter hates you
just saw you in Rocket Science.
Would you be interested in joining my club?
Set yourself up for success.
Form things you can control and track what you have no controll over
Great to talk  excited for where you are headed!
Ppl call me suspect cuz I'm always smiling smh doesn't even make sense
Truly amazing that I have known you for my entire life and we had never met Truly amazing just like the stars, we are a perfect set
Taking some band pics at the old prison.
30 minutes left on day 2!
The odds of me getting thrown out are doctorstically diminishing.
didnt follow my other account, :
Coach, Thanks a million for speaking yesterday.
Hope you had as great of a time as we and our 800 guests did!
it makes all the sense!!!
Lmao
Thats it ...
when i have a Son ...
ima name em after me Manuel Joshua De La Cruz :
Please tell espn!
another good movie choice, love it when she's in Italy eating all that great food :
What is it for you?
not sure yet but intrigued by what people choose to follow on my boards.
The young osprey shows up everyday at dusk, to roost in the lighteningstruck pine.
I hope he stays.
Thanks, Joe.
Real food for thought as I design a new class...
opportunity to look at aspects differently.
Liked your quotes.
awww, thanks, you are cute!
Btw your gift from a months ago has really helped:
is the doctor Ken Bredesen Memorial Award winner as Most Sportsmanlike Athlete at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Having a crush on someone since elementary school 
Staind: as equally good as they are depressing
Dumb app!
desires unmasked / in a moment of regret / my hearts quandary
I thought I was the only one left!
With no Internet/email/phone, time for a lot of in person meetings today.
First up, Make a Difference Wisconsin Exec.
Dir.
Brenda Campbell.
I want some freeze pops
Followers  free posting of white papers; free advertising your HR business.
HRResourcePortal.Com.
Direct message for details.
good job!
NetZero Message Center
Been a long time.
Bo!
Joe Wilson!
Bo!
thank you : your soo nice!!
q m las time un poco la pierna Pero ya boy a jugar el miercoles
Nothing says crap like an empty box of Bunny Grahams.
Attending tonight's Venture Initiation Program reception?
Use VIPSpring12 Looking fwd to big things from our student entrepreneurs!
God is the Midwest region weak!
so , Liam and Silver wasn't about Liam  Spoons ?
Glad you enjoyed.
Thanks for sharing.
Im so jell!!!
I want to be at the beach!!
w a btle of red  a Moontrance CAO hehe!
Cheers to friday friend!
I just skied/snowboarded from 8:50am to 8:50pm.
Best day ever!!
but not as much as I want you ;
Good afternoon
I wonder which trip you were researching....!
...but making art can be a very time consuming and hermitlike endeavor.
Hey, is your facebook notification thing not working again?
I sent you a message
that's one hell of a girl!
:
Amazing morning!!!
Love New York early in the mornings on the weekends!!
Enjoy your day friends!
thanks brother!!!
ok first tell JC hi.
2nd I swear we are all mixed up in sports.
Softball?
Or is downtown archery a sponsor?
I'm only awake because my shoulder is in so much pain.
Ugh.
How's everyone else's morning?
Beware of the newest scam telling you to call mister Larry Ben.
LoL they say that they have your lottery winnings which is like 6,000,000,000.
Somebody text me while I'm at work bored as hell!.
Time to be covered in another cloud of dust.
wats good g how was ur at show?
doctorp by the store if u have the time
I heard its at a mall!
omg.
if it isn't true, I'LL FUCKING KILL A BITCH.
If its true, I'm not be able to go :
my computer is having a kernel panic oh no!
Your chick she so thirsty
I want iCarly back!
I miss it!
:'
and rock
Been writing C for a decade now.
But impressed with steady progress of C and STL, which I used to teach.
Should I revisit?
Ha, yes, she actually constructs!
please stop talking to me....
Clare Booth Luce Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
Fuggit.
Toast to your problems and smoke to their solutions.
Happy Fridaays....
If You Gun Talk To Me Like That , Talk To Me Later :
thanks for the follow.
right back at ya.
: Good to meet you.
: Happy Birthday to every Taurus around the world.
THANK YOU!!!
BREAK LEGS !!
TONITE at Studio Be at 7:30pm is the premiere of Kellys 1woman showDouble Happiness.
nor egrets.
That's what autocorrect decided noregrets should be.
I think a tshirt is in order.
latenightconfessions kiss on my neck  I turn into a Wilder beast.
Lol
Getting ready to get down with the funkiest undead around!
No.
I'm crying tonight.
Jordis can catch your attention from the first sight of her on stageShe is Beautiful !!!
We are All Blessed when She Sings
Just heard this on the radio: POTATO.
Person Over Thirty Acting Twenty One.
Question of the day: What would Booms Super Hero name be?
How about Sarcastic Man?
Putting morons in their place since 19??
Yall Gotta go check out yall Funny Moments Videos so Halarious !
I Love that 2012 Funny Moments Fav .
Breakfast tacos in the house tonight
Saturday Night PARTY!!
LAS VEGAS STYLE!!
Hottest  YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN!
Contact me for Free limo service and FREE admission!
like like like.
it was an awfully nice zip code, wasn't it?
rolls off the tongue much easier than one one one oh two now...
RT : ICON DTLA TONIGHT for all the sexy people!!!
You got til 530PM to send me lists!
Good luck Caryn!
Be there in spirit!
Happy Mothers Day :
She needs me.
Only for street cleaning morns!
RT depends on whether those slippers have been used for outdoor adventures or not...
Hell yeah.
That's what's up!!!!
Ahahahaahha.
So fly.
: Go on May 11th!!!
JChuck
BTW, the show over the weekend was stunningly good.
If you don't see the Alpocalypse tour, you are a terrible person.
The end.
: getting my twitter up.
plz send some follows my way.
thanx guys  YALL GO FOLLOW MY BOY!!!
Gettin him up w/ the technology
this is twitter is it that necessary?
lol
you would.
thanks!
hope to see you again soon.
Thanks catherine!
I will post it tomorrow on twivid.
If u wont it than i got it
apologies for my vocal typo  correcting made it worse!
I blame the bright lights and :
The primal war cry of Time...
for...
Tea!
on Emilie Autumn's new single is about perfect.
DvL
Directing The Shape of Things by Neil LaBute.
Auditions and casting took place last night.
Listening to kingoflimbs  should have bought WAV  too much information not enough separation
I'm playing he for Free n on what when
Things like running to the store bcuz my doctor beats ran outta battery juice really pisses me off
What up Twitter!
Long time no tweet!
.
I believe in NASA.
Did I say win by 3 or lose by 3...
Lying and saying you're staying the night at a friends while you're really partying.
kerone and team.
We look forward to meeting you in person soon.
Thanks.
Ab
alright will do hun
Canon shipping me Mark IV to test :
barely awake, but I posted a couple earlier this eve that might give you reason to play with g
whell im waiting im ur biggest fan!!!!!
Thank you for the mention!
They probably didn't, because they usually let their opponents make first downs WAY before 3rd down...
businesstime I'm do jealous of all the things this could mean.
Love you both
I'm an actress and screenwriter finishing my 1st novel.
Here's my site: www.kenyadwilliamson.com
NF: follow back ?
lol
i am a little insecure, a little unconfident, cause you dont understand, i do what i can.
but sometimes i dont make sense.
can't wait till the album comes out I saved all my lunch money for this.When does it come out again??hahaha
Life is about trusting our feelings  taking chances, losing  finding happiness, appreciating the memories  learning from the past.
long fucking day
Any Salons/Spas hiring in BayArea Dublin Pleasanton DowtownOakland DowntownSanFrancisco I'm looking 4 a full time Esthetician position
Dont know what to feel anymore
did u ever make it to katy perry's party
Anyone have their ears gauged and deal with a blow out?
What did you do for it?
Swapped basketball for a keyboard
I know michelle already asked but any chance of another letter for myself i sent you an email as well!
hope all is well!
This weekend is gonna be crazy
kinda wanna go to doctorkes after party at zouk....
I have now been notified about that : haha
I'm great just working about to get my own place
I'm pretty adorable in general.
I got a political robocall from there yesterday.
Possible connection?
i.am
RT : Kuwait 'Publicdiplomacy affected by social sites'  middle east north africa financial network  MENAFN:...
There is a thin line between what should be and what is.
I saw that in the article.
I haven't gone to the tumblr though.
It's sad there is still a strong hatred in this coountry.
I dont think white women know what WOC have gone thru.
Explain to them, dont bitch about on Twitter
RT : Old joke.
Woman to baseball player: I just loove athletes.
Player: Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,
PR observation of the day: At what point are kids taught to think independently?
School is like the military.
You can also add schooled
This is going to be a long 2 weeks
Get over it Cleveland.
You lost one player.
Seattle lost a whole team!
:p
I guess whatever it takes to get you thru this Friday to get you to the weekend, right?
:
Pissin on a major street in abq at 5:00am would be proud!
Working on my craft!!!
Screen acting today!
That's great!
And don't worry, we'll keep you updated on language releases like Swedish!
Merry Christmas, Happy Kwanzaa, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Holidays or whatever Politically Correct term you want to call it.
Say a little prayer that our path to Las Vegas is a smooth one my friend :
is uploading new video, photos, and music!
waiting in the parking lot till the last minute for my shift to start
RT: : Help me get to 400 followers  follow Danny
HungerGames is the best movie ever i loved it so much3
Sitting here at Oral  Maxillofacial Surgery Associates with She's having her wisdom teeth yanked today :
you always are 
My phone ap is working now.
Only took 10 minutes to load.
Now go sell some yummy beer!
:
There's nothing better than a girl who makes her own money,  always offers to pay her own way.
Shout out to you 3
Really touching to see talking about Junior Seau's passing.
You did his memory right tho.
let me know when you're ready.
make sure you follow me too.
stay on the grind.
Have fun in biology :
I want to go camping already!
Omg you guys
The kind of sad that just takes time.
can't believe I tweeted our family secret!
known by friends  fam as the Madonna Arbys now the world knows why!
y'all getting started on those records?
I need them ASAP
Yep!
Kristine Sutherland is AMAZING!
Thanks for checking it out!
: RT :  It's Joyce Summers!
LAST DAY IN THE STUDIO!!!
:
Nice vantage point, huh?
I can't get you out of my head, my head.
You're the flame that burns me so I know that I'm still alive.
Duality by Bayside
i realyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again.
meeting you was the best day in the world codyjakeustream goldcoastfinest I LOVE YOU
Hi!!
Hooray for the Tweetings!
Oh my God!
Siri can do emoticons :
It worked!
Thanks for video.
can you use mine please I would be so happy
the last tweet, didn't make sense.
WHO CARES.
333
our first location is going to be in Lincoln Park  Diversey  Sheffield at the Brown Line stop
so wonderful to chat w/ you ladies last night!
Always nice to chat w/ fellow homeschoolers
A hard man is good to find.
Doubt it would hurt biz; restaurant is usu.
doing brisk business.
Somehow.
I see what you did there and I don't approve
I don't add people I don't know on my personal facebook, so follow me on twitter son!
Donovan McNabb is my hero
We are gearing up for another week of LeTip!
Know any great CPAs, personal organizers, etc.
who might benefit from our group?
Send em to me!
RT : I just saw a pic of Russell Westbrook wearing all the clothes he got pledging to PBS.
Did he bring his tote bag?
BATUM!!!
Fantastic, wonderful and outstanding , you guys are so talented.
What a team!
yes heard about premier leagues playing friendlies in US/CAN.
Yankee stadium, Fenway, MetLife, Philly  others.
Get this game under way already!!
Sheesh!
Mad Men makes everything better.
waz up peeps, i gotta go find some fur for lady loki 
It's National Put Your Wine In Storage Day
ima go in half an hour
Atleast I know what to say and not to say
awwws.
Such a nice thing to do!
Ize approve!
We don't knock on doors or call.
We just turn our Xbox controllers that are synced to our friends consoles.
I did an old fashioned search for indie music you guys came up!
so are those classes like electives or part of a program?
I'm studying Holocaust Studies in grad school at UT Dallas.
Sure!
I'd be glad to exchange votes w/ you!
The fact that Caroline just texted me and said Sex.
Wow!
I like our AD hire!
'Niggas in Paris' is weak.
Too bad they're not talking Aim Csaire and ngritude.
Why are you not performing in DC????
Baltimore doesn't count we need you in DC too any plans to come here?
Forgiving someone doesn't make you weak; it makes you strong enough because you understand that everyone makes mistakes
states: The new social business supports an activity stream.
It's core to the enterprise to build the social graph.
lol you make me laugh
RT : Always appalled to discover that we tolerate rhetoric from Turks on Armenians that we rightly would not from Germans on Jews.
end of act 3 pissed me off...
Why you up so late...
Or is it early there?
People don't fall in love by choice, it's by chance.
People don't fall out of love by chance, it's by choice
The SOPA Strike is on at dozens of Internet sites.
How is it affecting your Internet use today?
Breath In Breath Out Thank God For the Breath Of Life.
In Love, one and one are one.
JeanPaul Sartre
i wonder if he watches the show.
between the masturbating and sex, it's gotta be strange.
: I would KILL to know what the candidates are writing down.
Seriously.
It would rule.
cnndebate / mostly smiley faces
TY for RT, Wayne.
: RT : Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?...
Shit Is Whoa Right Now The Banger We Got Brewing Up HaHaa Just Wait To Ya Hear This One
GET MONEY !
STOP HATING !
HOOD GENERAL'  IN DA STREETS GET AT ME FOR A COPY .
Book signing happening now at El Toro on Shelbyville Rd
Grateful to the Big Apple to let us borrow the mighty for jboye12!
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
: Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!
: Give my regards and tell her that I'll have people for her too :
Jealousy Is When you Count Someone Elses Blessings Instead Of Your's.
I'm a grown man but I have to admit that watching Tangled on my big HD TV looks phenomenal...
HEY you!
Well let's see..
been catching up on reading, enjoying my Directv  proving I could live w/o Twitter
Everyday I read in the media such mean things about Why be unnecessarily malicious to someone you dont know?
Sharelove guys
Day 3 of AcademySummit!
CEO  CoFounder Sanford Fisch in Main Room on what sudden death or disability could mean in your law firm
wheels might be coming off the cart, Convey isn't producing and midfield seems flat and hurried.
Might be Soony time
I have a small apartment and one smell little cat : I've tried everything!
I would LOVE to try something new!
Whats happening in twitter nowadays?
Tomorrow I'll be in Texas.
I am SO ready to get out of here for the weekend!!!!
same here about to go crazy cause I have nothin to do
I see that the citys covered in fog like my brain this morning f MONDAYS
Yep, there was definitely pot in that brownie.
Definitely.
love austin mahone
Scratch that sunny day!
Pouring Rain
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out, it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
Robert Service
now following back :
already will there be a season 2
They sound real mad...
lol
I need some more friends on this, back on Twitter after being gone for over a year
looking forward to hearing Neville Brody next
Ok enough with the floaters.
same size different location.
Price is the same.
Why do you hate San Diego?
We got screwed compared to SF
Had a good time tonight.
Time to take my ass to bed.
Leave me alone.
I have papers to write!
who's doing the CTF in Tampa?
At the ISSA meeting?
Ina good mood ,
RT Yo congrats on the deal YOyoYOyoYOyo!!!
It sounds better in NYC.
Damn!
Common's memoir in bargain bin for 5.98!!!
This would have been a come up if I didnt already have a copy
I want my belly button pierced.
BOYFRIEND IS COMING.
OMG.
I'm recording it and if anyone deletes it, I will cut their arm off.
Okay.
She should've tweeted all that shit..
Yea!
Nothing's holding YOU back.
NOTHING!!
RT : I was packed for 3 games...
WOW!!!
What an incredible Coachella cherry poppin' experience!
Thanks for blisters, boob sweat, dust boogers, good friends, and BOOM STIX!!!
my husband is a McClellan.
I'd love to know your ancestry.
Where does your McClellan family come from?
For dinner try our SEARED SEA SCALLOPS, pear puree, applewood bacon, micro arugula, pecan vinaigrette
Touched down in Denver, flight was late, horrible turbulence last 1/2 hour, tired and still have 6 hrs of work to do.
Time to Cowboy up!
way to go!
Check new blog edify2.blogspot.com
You are really beautiful too, you forgot to mention that in your bio :!!
yes way :P
your voice is beautiful3
love you to Gina :
i didn't block you I had deleted my account
I was gonna swim today, but it's raining.
Don't wanna get my hair wet.
Never rock the mic with the pantyhose.
Love spending time with 5evan...so glad school has a delayed start today :
Trying to make me some fake doctorads.
xDD And that sucks about your shoulder.
Debbie Lee and Family!!
Thank you for helping our little store!!
You are loved and appreciated!
the weekend loft music
soon the launch of www.yourmotivated.com go check it out and win yourself a ipad or iphone, its real and good.
Listening to tracks from an upcoming release.
hell yes
OH I CAN SEE YOU ERRDAY NEXT YEAR!
buswise.
I figured out this route and I get out at 2:20 :P
Those songs that make you laugh.
thanks.
Perfect Saturday!
I Love Bristol Baby...
The social media panel effect: gained 84 followers after speaking w students.
We'd like to thank Dan Malsch, Dave and KC Escalet, Alec Henninger,  Mikey Kesselring for all your hard work and dedication to the project.
Deuce knew what he was doing.
thank ya!
I'm trying to get like y'all !
awesome!
leads for shops are a huge plus, too!
hope you can get them back on this spring/summer :
I see you're slated to speak tomm at bnchmister  see you there!
Need to get better at asking questions about who my audience is when speaking in unfamiliar places.
Will there be a Minecraft video today?
Heck yeah!
Always a pleasure KH.
RT so lovely to see yall today.
hugs AND kisses, total bonus.
Hey now, don't hate on DJ Pirate Bay and his tag team partner, DJ Sync Button.
You could also try The Hair Up There or The Banged Biscuit, The True Story Behind The DP Show.
yeea lol..its on youtube too
This is my horoscope today.
I totally agree  It's a good day to just focus on doing fun things.
Let other people work it out.
You forgot the winning tag!
GBU2  Be that Light!
Suppor'n U 2day Let it fly!!!!
LOL.
I admire ur prescience.
If ur not CRAWLIN back home u should stop by our place on ur way home.
Im makin Old Fashioneds.
it's very relaxing 
I'm not gonna delete you from my life.
I'm gonna leave you there, so you can see how happy I am without you.
Have you been following all the coverage of the Stage 2 Meaningful Use comments and controversy?
NBC: Osama death announcement being delayed cuz Obama is personally working on the text?
Can't he wing even this w/o his teleprompter?
indeed he is :
With 20 unemployment, any wonder why Spanish young people are protesting?
Time for Spanish Spring?
wondering how you can find your knight in shining armour when you look like his friggin' horse.
FINALLY.
This shit is amazing.
Brats, check.
Buns, check.
Kraut, check.
Beers, check.
Jamison Irish Whiskey!, check!
BASH!!!Love U
I am excited for her!!
Keep us updated.
She's gonna be a big star and buy her mommy a house in LA and a nice car.
;
Lololol!!!
I know!
;'D RT : better win cuz this jose guy is mean ;D
is pleased to announce that Jin Kim has joined as a licensed salesperson.
All the Best!
10g per day increase in alcohol in women associated w 710 increased risk of breast cancer.
1 beer contains 13g  4oz glass of wine 11g
Why do my childoctorn love their grandparents more than they love me?
has just been dubbed the official the tagnazi of the congrats, good sir!
studying for my next exam..
hopefully will find out about my last one this week...
When you dont focus on God you allow your circumstances to desribe God to you
Worcestershire don't need to take lunch.
They just had a feast.
RT awww i miss my hair when it was teenie ./ready for this stage to be OVER
That's hot lmao xD It just calms me down and mad, sad, or depressed I feel better after it.
The fact that my mom just said my brother is cuter than Justin Bieber 
How can a young man keep his way pure?
By keeping Your word.
Psalm 119:9
I was going to say, I can't believe they let Diamond Taylor back in the Kohl Center.
Thanks to Denise and Bruce for a lovely dinner and a wonderful visit at the Inn.
Come back to see us soon!
Why doesn't swa have the staging area look like the plane then have us board from the rear?
Please retweet to company president.
Thanks
They have been doing this all post season.
They suck in the second.
hugs not doctorgs!
not that much to say tonightt
Design, code, design, code.
Rinse and repeat.
I had to take my car to the shop this morning.
I left at 730ish.
Ugh
those glacier photos were KEEPERS!
in my screensaver folder as i type, thx!
There are way too many people in Phillies gear on this train.
I bet doesn't start tonight.
Not because of yest, but because hamels is on the bump.
Watch the media spin that one...
Hoffman is a brewer yet again, sweet!
Don't forget that bear that got photographed falling from a tree last week that got hit by a car today.
Join FAB it's FREE and they feature beautifully designed items DAILY!
Click the link below and take a look!
Reminder all members the fast starts at 6pm.
Get ready for Breakthrough.
Hey, totally love it.
bye everybody for now!
i follow back by the way!!
333 :
Matty disappeared, i wonder where he's at ;
he's 94 years old Ballsy mcballs
hey sweets I know ur goin thru a tough patch,keep ur head up  have faith!
Xoxo
should have worked out today....damnit
Listing to On My Mind Dear , Why are you so AMAZING?
I just wikipedia'd Hunger Games.
Now I know why I didn't know what it was, it's for tweens.
once in the cloud it has to go down.
sometimes, writing...
makes me want to cry.
Who knew how painful writing would be  probably everyone that has a PhD, but still...
let me know when you're coming!
Lol
Really great tweets!
Thx for sharing  I feel like I was right there.
Farmers Field stuff particularly interesting.
Safe travels!
Just finished my last FYDP class of the year!
Even though it was last day, had a student call me Joseph really!?!
Obvi didn't pay attn!
RT : I'm racing St.Anthonys triathlon for LeukemiaLymphoma.Please RT tosupport:DonationsPrayers welcome!
http:/
Lol RT : Kind of over baconisnotgarnish now hung up on beef Parmesan with chicken at Orlando's today unnatural lubbock ...
Ah i c.
Dorks.
Been to Rome?
5 East 19th St.
Free all night w/NightClubLinx.
Sexy and chic!
Call/Txt for personal attention 9175673803
Always do the right things even when people do u wrong
Berlant:The impasse of the global urban present is shaped by the doctormatic confrontation of the Precarious Peoples with the Austerity State
RT : lsmplace walkability, entrepreneurship, green initiatives, arts and culture all aspects of
Ask me why I was about to tweet you about how much I love you?
RT : I can't evenn..
;D
40 days and 6 hours remaining until my birthday
Couldn't find my earbuds this morning so I'm officially one of those hipsters w/ studio headphones on the bus.
Must...be...on...iPad...at...all...times...incase...someone...anyone...updates...anything...
So love me now, or love me never; because if you aren't with me through my worst, you'll never understand how I got better.
3
He looked at the house asif debating whether or not he should come in and try to sell some of hiswares
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
good game frat!
The refs were ridiculous today!
ThingsIReallyCantStand No there is a whole other state along with it
S/o to all my new followers:Enter at your own will I ask that you to keep your hands in and strap up for this wild ride
If you need a smoke alarm, please call the smoke alarm hotline at 2156861176.
i have to take a shower 
With no longer available, it's time to cancel
at tianas house while she does her chores o.o
AHH..
Lady Kathy..
Always Good To Read From You...
I Bid You Ado
This Tooth Abcess If Killing,Me..
Who knows how to take down the Swallen on my Face?
Shld I use Ice?
Bad day today :
thank you!
about time to crash.
you are the sweetest.
ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO TO MY FACEBOOK PAGE AND ADD ME /bigpurp254
still aint talking to me , but that's cool i guess :/
Everyone be sure to Vote there is only one day left in the competition and I need your votes!
: Pat Green looks 65 yrs old!
What AAU team does he play for?
Naturally Gourmet Products  Rita39;s Italian Ice signs franchise deal ...
very happy that you found it worthwhile  thanks for participating!
I think ppl try to intellectualize falling in love.
You Fall in love, you don't sit at a table  plan it.
Can't be said enough : RT: Your one small act of kindness could change someone's world.
Brown signs new recording deal
last time he said anything remotely interesting was before HBO.
who's real or you?!
If your it then live you!;
No.ick, really great vocals and guitar work,no??
I wish that I could be in NY today with my family.
Uncle Romeo 3

GoodMorning Beautiful People....
that would be great!
Where r u?
Thanks for sharing with us via twitter : Fabulous!!!
amazing place SanFran you are right  loving it!
I'm thinking 10 games but hoping indefinitely there is no need for a guy like that in the
so my life is the most unusual movie ever but its better than Superbad and similar to TrueBlood
what's wrong
Can't go wrong with Gary Clark Jr or Yuna.
80 of those who divorce during an affair regret the decision.
Think twice!
Watching/listening to the great Vin Scully calling Don Mattingly's Dodgers vs SF Giants...nice!
the facebook server found your request confusing and wasnt sure how to proceed how about I kick your ass and then you can figure it out??
Good Morning Tweeters!
AGirlDeserves a guy who can honestly say that he has never cared about anyone else as much as her.
making money online, check it out www.ebookviralincome.com Internet pros only!
loving them curves baby girl
I am patenting the sound of my fart.
I will follow all the Directioners back when my twitter will stop being a butt.
Buiness and networking is about giving and taking.
You cant expect to get and give nothing in return.
Hear, hear!
Arne Duncan: This is a historic day.
The FCC has put education at the forefront of its work.
that's dope
Morning, it'll be 12:00 in thirty minutes, wow.
We  the car wash an they have a female washin the car that's cool but she don't kno what she doin I'm pissed off
omg my parents told me i was sleep talking last night o m f g
Oldboy, just as nauseatingly disturbing on the second watch as the first.
Watch this.
Water still out so at cabin again.
Yesterday I forgot my razor.
Brought it today but forgot my pants.
Homebuyer's Club will be held on August 16th at 6:30pm here at our office on 21 Buford Road!
Take control of your credit situation!
Welcome back Chris!
How was your day?
Good night, planet earth.
Stay classy!
Good morning :
Sharing with fellow archivists today what's possible when using
Cheerio AVB now give back the scarves you borrowed from Jose..they never fit you right anyway.
You funny!
It just does that.
Checked a billion times.
New batteries.
Nothing helps.
I'm on such a natural high right now.
Just finished my last class at NYU
are4 factoftheday 1barrel of oil 10 years worth of man work hours
We're closed Sundays and Mondays for private parties, meeting space, and catering.
Open TuesSat 117.
it's 70 here.
I can't open the windows because my allergies would go nuts.
I want some blue berry waffles
So true !
Thanks for the reminder!
Hope your day is going great!
are you okay?
What did you do?
Durant the god
Anyone going to opening day?
BrewCrew 
big John's da man
For the same reason old balls smell so damn good.
Just what i fucking need right now.
Being a Wings fan will be the death of me
To change your diet for success, surround yourself w/supportive people.
Better Homes  Garden is a pretty diverse company.
I thought it was a magazine, then a real estate company,  now this?
CO has more than 120 'structurally deficient' bridges, and 52 of our roads are 'poor,' sez CDOT.
We're proudtopay to fix 'em.
Running quote: Why aren't you signed up for the 401K?
I'd never be able to run that far.
Scott Adams, Dilbert
Try the new Sonic Toaster Melts for only 1.99  tonight get FIVE Sonic Burgers for only 5.95.
Great deals.
Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd
I'm curious as to what Josh's 'talent' would be.
Best curmudgeon?
The countdown is really on now...
1 day, 16 hours, and 9 minutes to go!
Afterwards we're playing acoustic in the round with and Aimee Alden at downtown Nashville.
You bet, Sarah.
I was nodding my head the whole timesame theories apply no matter the size of your team!
Great workout
I simply must tear myself away from the TV so that I can go act in it.
Facebook is feeling like MySpace these days.
Why has there been an explosion in picture posts as status updates?
thanksfortheadd!
Thanks so much for the art Retweet, Dan!
Hope you had a good weekend?
Sorry!
Just hanging out on a lovely day.
; G'night sweet Carter and you too JB, I'll see on FB around 4??
3 have fun!!
doctorw Brees to meet with Arizona Cardinals later this week.
ZBO has that look in his eyes
Desperately needing a trip to somewhere tropical and QUIET!
A beach chair and a book will do
Thanks man, nice of you say!
just followed back some followers : I miss twitter
thanks for the shout out!
:
Congrats , you were just used as an historical example  NCPH2012 OAH2012 conference.
I think chapter 17 on the first
I already love  I'm so thankful for twitter because I never would have found them otherwise:
I'm soo over this day already!!!!
God bless Levon Helm  a musical talent beyond words.
I think they put Ron Artest on tv just to make fun of him.
He clearly is out of his mind.
Pretty messed up if you ask me.
Glad you could be there today.
RT : Brand awareness, lead gen and contests 2day 
Time 2 get up, get out  make something of the day
This is fantastic RT Yes, it's true: I went to Lady Gaga last night.
She put on a fantastic show.
I did not, however....
Sarasota Film Festival screening on April 10th of Prime Of Your Life.
Get your tickets as soon as possible.
My favorite day of the year has arrived!
See you all in a couple of hours!
To do my homework or to not do my homework?
Sorry
Is it Jen Royle?
thanks!!
Again lol!
Ack!
It's Monday, we're closed!
I asked for her 1000 tweet a week ago and she forgot about me...
I feel loved 
Mikey!
i see you're ignoring my post /3
Im getting money living like a most wanted
lmao yea kind like my size cause its gonna get a lil hot and sweaty dwn there lol
Then I was referred to Car Crafters.
The people there were so understanding and caring.
that must mean you're leaving.
ThisTownAintBigEnoughForTheBothOfUs ;
Tune in next week for another great interview
For a playbyplay recount of the Huguelytrial follow CVILLE's own Toby Beard at
Spinning this Dionne Warwick record
Going on day 2 of model scouting trip in Canada....
Toronto was a success!
Know onto Montreal foe round 2!
Congrats to for defeating No1 LSU!
Seems we'll be back at No1 going to Louisville on Tuesday night!
Everyone come out  watch!
Anyways, you wanna come or not?
:
OPEN to serve you with a BIG New Year's Clearance SALE.
Almost ALL books are now 20 OFF incl new Titles.
Dbl Punch doctornk: Peppermint Mocha.
give it back.
San Diego, I'll be in Indiana for only 1 day from 24May to 26July so if we play, it has to be in the next week!
I also have an idea why her belongings were on the beach but I don't want to stereotype a whole neighborhood!
and it makes me want to move to Tennessee for some reason lol
This is a good question.
Thank you SO MUCH for retweeting my blog and project!
LinkedIn colleagues I am looking for an investment banker to refer some business too.
If you know of one you trust please have them contact
RT : Its a good service, when it works, its their customer service that needs a lot of work
Another beautiful Monday is passing by quickly!
What are you grateful for today?
I'm grateful for being able to work poolside 2day!
i know, such a bummer.
i've been late everyday since i've had to ride my new razor scooter to work.
homework  studying hatehatehate I wanna be chillin' with my friendys outside on this beautiful day!!
you wanna go to noel/Mona show 2morrow night?
OMG I JUST KEEP THINKIN ABOUT IT!!
WE WERE SO HYPER!!
:D
maybe since I lost my hockey game, the Pens will win.
misterh.
Oil leak found in the car.
Repair work just went up an additional 750.
Gag!
I'm at a lesbian bar waiting on a veggie burger.
WTF?
Unfortunately, that's common.
When you find a great fleet car service doctorver, get his card to call on your next trip.
i hate farmers tans haha
trying to avoid that.
I wish I had Excel to use, not paper and pencil
what market?
ha : I'd like to add you to my professorssional network.
If someone said that to you in person, you'd laugh or leave.
Commitment without Responsibility is like Music without Sound.
This woman in front of me has order 20minutes worth of fastfood.
GOODGRIEF 
Helping someone figure out if they're having a miscarriage was definitely not in my job description.
being on meds sucks.
now on to the ps3
me too!!
Compared with nonalumnae, Girl Scout alumnae are better educated and enjoy higher household income.
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving.
A lot to be thankful for.
Music  a Vacation to another place, time, or feeling.
Releasing within us the Power to Love, Hope, doctoram, and Feel.
....
Lane
haha.
no......
his mom loved him first
Yes, definitely a glimpse of winter in the northtowns tonight.
Thanks for posting your piece on the new investor terms.
Good to know.
Today we are at Corporate Circle near Vegas.com and Greenspun Media!
Special Beer Brats with Caramelized Onion and Spicy Mustard!
Susan from Oklahoma says Party in my room at 3am.
Clothing optional ;
and Hit me up after 1pm today.
Got a gameplan I need to throw at yall real quick.
Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, move it slow motion for me
Sticker Rude!
Shout out to the who performed before the SuperBowl kickoff.
Way to represent.
Substitute Greek yogurt or applesauce for butter in baking recipes!
I'm not sending them I get them a lot to
your mortal enemy following me .
Ctfu .
Haha
We are so bad ass an full of feathers we flock with
I have no willpower.
I opened the Death of SpiderMan.
Polybagging sucks anyway.
girrrlll me 2...
Cuz Lord KNOWS more babies is just NOT AN OPTION!
LOL at least not 4 me!
:/
keep spreading the word out about the band guys c:
reunion tonight ?
Downtown Mia it is
Johnson Direct is a teenager!
Today we turn 13.
Thank you to all of our client partners and friends.
doctorams really can come true.
Let's see if the Sunday Night Baseball crew bashes Maddon and the Rays staff...
you mean he hasn't gone to hell yet?
He needs to hurry up then.
Hey was up
Plus people have intuition and flexibility that robots can never have
Love her.
As for SNL, hatersgonhate!
hi um I'm pregnant...
lol unknown callers
im craving that subway sandwich right now!!
I hear ya, but since everything on this show is never what you think it will be, I'm waiting for an unbelievable outcome with that2!
Doing Noboa's class tomorrow in 2nd period, because it's not like I do shit in math anyways.
Ironic how the one guy that Heat fans have trolled on hardest might be the difference between a title run
Til my last day, til my last breath, of anyone who can I can love you the best 
RT : FACT: Josh Hamilton's 18 total bases tonight are an AL record.
//this was on both times i got to glance at a tv tonight/ morning
GREYSON YOU DON'T JUST TELL US YOU'RE HAVING A CONCERT THEN NOT TELL US WHERE IT IS OR HOW WE GET TICKETS IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT
Gonna lay across my bed a relax a little b4 doing my girl hair
They are trying to freeze us out, wait till Saturday!
Badgers are a tenacious bunch!
MT : is there a list of the best curators active on SM?
If not can we make one?
Today?
Every morning, somehow
wheresbernie was a complete bust.
so much for getting up before 5am.
I'm a doctormmer, so I could do rim shots to my own jokes if they were funny.
me and da homies still craccin up on that GET OUT MY WAy lol
they not gon beat the shit out of the Bulls tho
TAKE IT ALL IN TELL ME WHERE YA HEAD AT
So how's the unemployment life?
: how's it going?
Me too!
RT : I only check my voicemails to get rid of that annoying icon on my phone.
your point makes no sense.
I live in CA and sexual freedom does not equal reduction in rape.
My son just sang: Mary had a little duck, EIEI...
He has just merged two songs.
Laptop not Labtop
I hope Scott brooks keeps the starting lineup in get 140points
To our dear facebook followers: Happy Valentine's Day!
I wish you were mine .
Today's tip: Don't waste your calories on sodas.
One can of cola can pack 150  200 calories!
Remember water is the best choice.
At waiting for Wavumba to start.
I'm pleased
thanks for the follow.
I hope you get value from my tweets about hotels  hospitality
My nose feels like a solid block of concrete...
Facebook changed their privacy policy again...
be careful!
Localize your website for each foreign language market you are trying to reach.
Include foreign markets  speakers in your own country.
OMG lunch with tomorrow!
WHAT SHOULD I WEAR!?!
What if you lose both arms rescuing a small child from the clenches of an alligator?
Had a doctoram I was in the army running missions...was the coolest doctoram ever, I fucked shit up.
Then I frailed up and woke up lmao
did you see it?!
Just say yes.
U stink at madden
R.I.P.
Trayvon Martin
yeah kill it in D town.
I will be there watching.
LOL good morning
I don't want to go to 5th period today man : Where is Maia!!
Happy Birthday to my beautiful bride!
lol i just noticed that
Omg.
Ilu so much that it's not normal.
xoxoxoxox
Thank you LORD for the blessings in my life.
Never knew I really wanted this until you gave it to me!!
Welcome to the house of horrors.
Actually, he hasn't spent ENOUGH money.
u know what I could do?
:
Teaching pyramid fail!
Oh my, this is a favorite in my institution.
I wish I was watching a new episode of Caged on tonight.
But I'll settle for instead.
I love apetizers more than life .
SexualPickUpLines hey u wanna play HideGo anal?
Regina asks: What does Prosser mean when he saysunrecognized opportunity to deliver a victory??
If you want cash for your car today, you can count on us.
We provide easy, hasslefree pick up and free towing...
lol you fresh out here.
For a good time
Excited to work on some fun pieces with our friends, Diving into the world of editing.
We'll see y'all when we come up for air.
How do people not like snails?
They're basically armored land octopi  DvL
Psychotic Reaction is on air from 45, and FUSiON is on air 67!
do you?
do you really love me?
I could easily tack a few thousand dollars onto that.
Sigh.
It's freakin' ridiculous.
Thanks to DaveHill, HotToddy  ManifestDestiny for a great show.
Thanks to friends  audience members we raised a lot to get us to CIF!
Next time im at someones house, im gonna get a whole bunch of food and put it on one small napkin like and did
Work.
That's all I got.
Release your anger
RT : When cops, teachers, firefighters can't afford to live in the cities they serve, we've got a problem.
Ping pong party
I guess I take that tweet back then....smh
Why?
An early morning meeting?
Cleaning lady: is there anyone in the bathroom?
Me: no.
Guy in bathroom: hey!
I'm trying to shit!
happy to entertain
We need to get together again soon.
Just wrapped up the Flashmob at !
Thanks to everyone who came out.
Photos and videos will be up on our site soon :
damn that maintenance guy and abraham lincoln
iconference10 nmsplc If you have a collective group focus, you get a lot more done today and you leave a legacy for tomorrow.
MFullan
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
haha Oh you mean
HowToGetRejected be a manwhore then all of a sudden wanna settle down
All 4 teams won today!
Thanks Brian!

'just in case I lose a screw'.
Right?
famous last words of the girl who is crushed by an Ikea armiore :
Thanks to everyone who participated in the Umeus Cloth twitter contest!
Congrats to who was chosen as this weeks winner!
Xavier Avery triples.
Just a home run and single away from cycle.
Did I jinx it?
I Miss My Brotha Free CHUB
I wish I was in Chicago right now.
It taking a nap.
I live an interesting life I guess.
Qu amabilidad por compartir mi page!
THANKS and THANKS again and again!
A beautiful soul
what are you, an 80 year old woman?!
yess I better see u soon silly Sam!
GoOKC pour moi, for the little it's worth.
my bio: Chief Storyteller , a guide service and bait shop for brands.
the word copywriter isn't present but the idea is.
Use video in the classroom?
Visit nbclearn at the TCEA2012 conference, booth 1817 for a free demo
TGIF!!!
Yes, I can legitimately say that now.
now following!
Have a great weekend!
The point of having a new relationship is to find somebody who is NOT like who you had before.
Upcoming...a review of on Stay tuned!
Desperately seeking Susan....
I mean, ahem UX  UI designers in DC!
hit me up!
RT FF Fellow Rice grad student, historian of material culture of Atlantic world, and good friend:
With time and training you'll start to get faster.
Griffin over Richardson.
More difficult schedule, BU not nearly as good as a team.
Where would Baylor be without RG3?
a society built on fossil fuels is a very foolish thing,when the fossil fuels run out society.................
What is everyone up to 2day
Catching up from a week off.
I hope you have a fabulous day!
All the advertising...worthless pulp.
I also do not turn on the TV to just watch advertisements.
What is Twitter about?
Is this it?
They just abandoned him in the alley, too .
Hey Doug.
Just wanted to let you know we're sending your shirts today.
Thanks for being a customer.
Starbucks, every meal, all day, every day.
IfIWasJustinsGirlfriend i'd be the luckiest girl in the world.
What's the best remedy for psoriasis?
arms and legs.
RT : last night's Greenfield school board mtng turns heated, police called to manage protesters.
more on this developing story
Let's just doctornk to get doctornk and tell Eachother Everything; For a doctornken Mind, Speaks a Sober heart
too tired...
Reading about Estes Kefauver trying to figure out why he went all out to block Comsat in '61 when PHREDONIA, his mom's name, stops me cold.
Congrats to Derek Jeter!!!
Hi Jordan, look forward to seeing you in January!
Yeah, , my feed is pretty boring without the
Of course, one of my faves: I'm doing well, hope to work with you guys again sometime!
Hope things are great with you too!
hahaaa nice.
Good luck!
ONELINER: Earth first!.
yup, I was on the bike trainer pedaling away.
He's been annoying forever.
A precursor to Madden.
Just another F wad saying shit on purpose to piss people off.
oh, i thought you meant dad.
more evidence that your sister is a true badass.
thx!
still have as few upgrades to make but I'm happy.
And yes, it appears so.
not happy about Prop 1, but that's the plan.
follow back love
slack shall be cut...
for now ; hehe
Just a boy and his dog named Monkey.
Can't wait till I go to Dallas for Texas Bar Fights 8 this weekend!
Want to see how everyone is in skullgirls and
Let us be mindful about the professorts that Mars, Inc.
and Arizona Beverages are making off of this deplorable act of violence and bigotry.
There's one thing I don't understand about Joe the Plumber  why isn't he Sam the Plumber?
Thanks bob.
We will check it out!
NY or DC...the eternal question...
Get out!!
More enlightened genius minds in the fold?!
credit cards!
It's slippery out there.
Be careful where you walk as you come into Wafrique today.
Lots of items on sale until Saturday.
Your welcome Anomie  hope your well,
did you get my text?
Lol
Oh HELL NO!
Quick hits: Meet five more UFAs set to join the Miami Dolphins
I'm considering checking out LazyMeter.
Any early adopters willing to express thoughts on it?
Be persistent and ask God daily to place His words in your mouth.
Be Encouraged!
Actually you should come out with your own line of shiny suits and boot tips.
Griffmas has come early for the Redskins
I enjoyed the article!
I was wondering, is our perception of sidechain compression effected in any way by iTunes mastering?
Why will people want to pay to see your movie?
someone let me run away to their house i cant take this please please please
Running to catch your bus is always a fun way to start your morning.
Going to bed with a smile on my face!
:
wcphilly Monetization should NOT be your number one priority.
I just came up with the perfect pickup line for EDC: Hey, I'm not on any doctorgs so my dick actually works.
They need to franchise a Hooters right in the middle of My Old KY Home State Park.
Just made it home.
still have a lot of work to do today!
I'm so excited for some new projects...
:
you can but like I would be forced to hit you in the nose w a news paper and then kick you out ;
S/o heard your movin on to bigger and better things.
Congrats Kug, I just ask we get one more game of euchre in!
My hands would turn bisexual for my girl, I'm not going to sit around and let anybody touch her .
.
.
After two weeks of summer, SPRING IS HERE!!!!!!
What Up Tweople!
how was your easter ?!
Stayed offline yesterday due to an electrical storm.
No need to zap the computer or get crispy.
Special welcome to who is joining the twitter fold!
Jonny boy!
This is my new project dhCARES!
We want to lead by example by using our manpower to volunteerThanks for the follow
Big meeting of the minds today!
The only problem is the only good mind that will be there is mine...
boah where tf u been ?
I been textng u tramp !
YES!
Hunger Games Survivor of a sort : Mixed with a little Blair Witch Project!!
Daytime Emmy nomination snubs: The overrated women on The View...who cares?
But where is the Susan Lucci of court, Judge Judy?
Spent Thursday, Friday in 18th Century at Market Fair, Fort Frederick, Big Pool, Maryland.
Highly recomment the event.
lxchat starts at the top of the hour.
Paying homage to Willow/Angel shippers, here.
Are there any Angel/Willow shippers in the house?
Peter Nivio Zarlenga To come to be, you must have a vision of Being, a doctoram, a Purpose, a Principle.
You will become what your vision is.
Your hgtved made me tear up.
I always love your designs.
I just asked about u .
Why am I still layingdown?
...
aww how cute!
are u excited?
:
Where's a good Vietnamese place in Seattle?
Man Im Glad I Got Out That Bum Azz Skul Park Manor..!
If you know of someone that deserves to be discovered please send us a video or where we could find them.
stalker mode .
i want to win new sublime sun advanced sunscreen to protect and perfect my skin
A whole lotta Jerry Lee Lewis: With a 100song box set due for release, 'The Killer' talks to Douglas McPherson.
looking for an OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR in LAKELAND, FL.
Send resume ASAP or c
up and down with tucks passing but glad I don't have to get up early
Users are trained to ignore colorful mages at the top of web pages.
They will start looking underneath them for the content
i woke up on the wrong side of the bed....did you guyss present your photoshop scenerys?
I'm either going to fly or ruin that families picnic.
Lol.
And as i looked up,...it rained on me!!
Help out the word about the film.
We need some true angels this week to put us within reach our goal.
Long time Brova!
Got you message on FB, but the kids man...
my kids run wild all day.
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE FROM MIAMI I LOVE MY CITY BUT NOT CRIMES AND VIOLENCE THAT'S IN IT
My girlfriends and I are getting together for a quilting bee, but we're replacing the quilt with a film.
Savory meat boosts business savvy 35 points RT : Hey ssh team meeting on ur patio  3PM  cool?
Green jobs available/www.ecoemploy.com
AP has called the Democratic race for governor for Tom Barrett.
The rematch is on.
Thanks, you a ninja!
It is too damn hot out
: you guys seriously can't be planning on protesting the Arizona victims funerals...
What would it take to get u to not do it?
My car is running so great now!
:
try to always wear contacts after makeup, have you tried that?
I'm teaching Mysore this morning and yoga workshop this afternoon
Australia.
Gold Coast.
GCF.
Ketchup.
Unicorns.
Turtles.
Cereal.
Chocolate.
Eva Longoria.
Toothpaste.
Mouthwash.
Bonfire at my place friday!:
What is the line between mosaic theory of gathering information and insider trading?
Thanks!
And a belated congrats on your pregnancy!
I liked your status, but I don't think I commented.
E will be a great big sis!
Email sent!
but clay matthews gets fined 5000 for yellow cleats English
OH, bend it over make it touch ur toes :
Weather like Hawaii  we've got the clothes for the occasion  come on up  here 'til 7 PM
Would love to get to Indpls for a radio Interview.
What would it take?
Will be giving away a ticket every week until film festival starts.
Keep your eyes opened and your fingers ready to type!
My problem is i get attached to people to fast and in some form they just leave you there to figure it out by yourself
follow our official account : we also follow back on that one too.
chicken wings
should follow me: im mahomie for life:
Idk about my actions of the past all I can do is look toward the future
I read their professorle carefully, try to figure out what their intent is and probably accept.
If they pitch me, I disconnect.
Second coffee run of the day.
Is the planet shaking or is it just me?
Louis CK is too funny.
Too bad I don't have FX.
My sister is so mean in the morning .
I just got punched in the face....
She is 7....
Giveaway!
4 tix to the Milwaukee Admirals game  Craig Morgan concert.
Game starts at 7 concert is right after.
Tweet us!
all mankind is of one author, and is one volume; when one man dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book.
it's official!
In June I will be Special Collections/Archives Librarian at Trinity University in San Antonio, TX!!
Glad you like it.
We agree.
That offense could be ridiculous next season with all of those weapons...
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube an gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
email me.
Lord R Kelly thinks I'm following him.
Trust me I'm not!
I'm just directionally challenged
When's the release date?
Anxious to hear it!
is flirting something you just do or can you be taught it cause if it can I need to be taught it!
Doug e fresh
And the name of the coffee club is????
Congratulations!
I'm excited to try Tahoe on S3.
Listening to breakdown.
I promise when a song comes from the heart....you know it, you feel it.
The google chrome commercial is so cute!
So excited to volunteer at Houston Food Bank next week!
This is something I've always wanted to do and finally have the time!
: 
Don't forget to live before you die.
When are we doing lunch/coffee next??!!
Teens who participate in community service programs do better in schools, life.
To the film room!!
usguys Thanks Mark!
Really looking forward to participating in this community.
All the best!
ladies love me...
yea, shawty mane is back!
Oh yea!
yeah I used to live there and I miss it!
how long are you there for?
Investing could be in property or stocks a teacher suggested invest in utilities he believed it most stable stock option
I bet it's doing wonders for your soul!
wow didnt knw u were out here
Thanks for the follow, Nikhil
Next week i'll be back in L.A.!
On wed  ECCO, on thu  Chateau Marmont, on fri  Confidential
What a day.
I've never seen severe weather like.
It was like dozens of tornados doctorpped from the sky in four hours.
Sad to see mister Jobs go, apple won't be the same for a little while.
Who is going to rock the turtleneck and levi's!?
How will i know?
Rip whitney :
Do you prefer to exercise inside at a gym or outside in the fresh air  natural environment?
got it..
hahaha you must be bored.
happy mother's day to everyone
amen David!
3
Oh my...its finally Friday!!!
Definitely.
I'm trying to make my peers more aware of that!
Thanks, Jen!
good luck filling it.
I know where I would want to work if I was an awesome product manager
i love you.
you're perfect..
you read my blog?
Moves like Jagger should never be confused with Moves from Jger
All I want to do is eat and sleep.
Liaise is a pretty sexy word, isn't it?
Altho if you asked someone you wanted to liaise with them, what would they say?
Aw yeah, maybe?
Invest in your own gym equipment.
They're cheaper in the long run.
That was a great opening
Great rehearsal with Chris Zimmerman on Mahler No.2.
Hear it live May 14  15.
See fairfaxchoralsociety.org
Thanks for the refollowing.
The universal truth is beyond question  the only people who excel are those who have decided to do so.
Seth Godin via:
RT : Dear men that are not full blown European, times that it's cool to wear white pants: Diddy's white party.
Thats it.
I'm mad not following me I thought we were cool
Lord, bless our week.
Life is short, help us to live every moment with enthusiasm
I am happy to be a jogging partner if you ever want one
now that's humor  RT : RT : How do witches spend Friday the 13th?
/ doctornking your hubby's brew!
/ Got ipecac?
.
says city can save 7.4 million w/ IT outsourcing over next 5 years.
Promises all jobs onshore.
Story to come.
Do you know valencia has a lot of amazing productdesigners?
check it out on the latest www.fromspainmagazine.com .
Enough with Kardashians Bruce was an American hero they turned him into a weak joke he's not even a man anymore
Lombardi once said, If you can accept losing, you can't win.
Thats why my Packers are undefeated!
Keep it up,
Loex2012 Meet  Greet, socialize, party, host, party, play, invite, create, shake ,collaborate, teach,assess, advocate
amtaking it up to NYC with dev for a 24hour visit...stocked up on movies, coffee and snacks.
wish you were here, !
Trust me Gasol and Bynum deserve criticism Bottom line Coach gets the best game out of his players!
Making my work night fly by with these funny tweets!
I'm a big fan!
49 signatures!
Lets keep this going!
Sign our petition so that we can all enjoy the nice weather and Wifi on the front lawn after break!
Katherine McPhee is pretty, but has as much charisma as a glass of water.
Come see me every other day.
Not quite what I ought 2 be,, not what i want 2 be, not yet what I hope 2 be, but THANK GOD I'm not what I used 2 b!!
The tweet I just saw  Hahahahahaa.
Great input on lrncampphx w/ this morning.
Thx all.
which one
Just had heated debate about Wikipedia with room full of historians.
Thanks for playing along Anne Ward 
About to watch The Descendants.
Isn't George Clooney so doctoramy?!
i hate ricky he went from worst doctorver and alway wreck every week and jack gave him a 2nd chance and he like damn good, but talent doctorver
: Tell us your location AND describe a woman in history you admire to win!: San Francisco.
My woman in history: Marie Curie.
I have been able to follow my death step by step and now my life goes gently to its end.
Pope John XXIII
pass the insta from da left hand side!
Pass the insta from da left hand side!!
On another note..
Today is Fantabuloso3 by and im EXCITED!!
But 1st i gotta run the Sox game on
Do your thing tonight,Sherri:
why did they suspend you?
Cant sleep cant stop workn Happiness is the key!!!!!
My favorite part of Node.js is not using it.
Can't wait until that's also my favorite part of MongoDB.
Thanks for calling me at 2am to encourage me to push through the night.
Suddenly very homesick for my best friend.
If you're looking for a new place to go tonight, check out Hughes Hangar and head back to the speakeasy days
LEMME ASK, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT FAT CATS NOW!
Ah, it was the green pepper I saw.
Sounds tasty none the less.
I miss you too Payto.
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock Precision...Creates Energy.
Tee off at OVS' Annual Golf Tournament at Bear's Best Golf Course in Suwanee on Monday, August 30.
Call Brad Ladden, 4048422457 for info.
Start the New Year right!
Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system.
This is my life and I've rocked it since 1992.
.
Follow Me And Ifollow Yu Back .
Good luck to , , and everyone at the at SXSW this week!
Milwaukee really DOES have a lot of talent!
can the Bills get competitive this year?
but strippers are better ; meyou yoville strippers LOLOLOLomg
I need help ASAP.
How and where can i get tix to the midnight premeire of the Hunger Games!?
Lol thus building...
Do you hear the sound of the three...
idk annoyants??
This is some complex shit.
who's the boo these days Ry?
Nice work sir!
RT : ff They'll eat a whole vat of string beans for u.
Except that 1 girl, she doesn't put anything in her mouth
Who needs substance?
: We're talking entertainment here.
Whatever entertains works, right?
sounds like a plan!
: took a week off but came back to like i never left   RockyWoodard !!!
Eaah , it was super cold thou :p
well said.
Conan is the best medicine.
Economic growth linked to education, research, and infrastructure.
Virtual Research Facilities leading the way in these areas
Anyone wanna come to the mall with me?
:
You are gonna sign back up with us right?
:
Thanks for the mention, Country!
We're at the Central forum on LGBTQ Issues!
Hosted by 's LGBTQ Commission.
Smfh it's a huge turn off..
Nobody wants to date a thug ass bitch
As a Duck fan, I am not worried about BB running the O, Chip can prep a QB....I am more worried about WHY DT is leaving!
Well, my temporary metal dental appliance didn't set off any alarms on the full body scanner.
Whew!
yeah u have to let me borrow that
help me trend thus.Thanks.
Please RT: LastHoranWednesdayof2011
war of the worlds.
Lousy smarch weather
the LTR girls have a bet going.
Is Rob cut or uncut?
Some have questions about Jackson too.
So im high and hungry and my mom decides to cook liver 
sounds like a plan :
I want a prail
Bobby V manager of the year.
I took a shit in a public restroom for the first time in more than a decade today.
It didn't help me run any better at poker though.
Many Men wish death upon me.
Dog I dont cry no more.
Dont look to the sky no more.
Have mercy on me have mercy on my soul...
TEXTING MY DAD OMGOMG AND HIM THINKING SOMETHING HAPPENED.
AND THEN SENDING HIM A PICTURE OF JUSTIN'S TWEET
and your beautiful blue eyes 
TNedu lags behind all surrounding states except AL, MS 
Inadvrtntly made kissy noises at a scary man alone in his truck at 1am.
A notscary cat was on the hood  I didnt see man until too late.
Hello, how was everyones day?..
Excuse me but we all can't graduate from Samuel L.
Banks
to admit Kobe went ham and is still the best closer...
But he could of got his team more involved and not missed those shots..
RT : : What was your favorite mistake?
Showing up a day early for my China Beach audition.
It helped you getthe part?
is an important part of black comedy history!!
Hunger games was fucking amazing.
!!!!!!!
Ashdjandkakamaj 
stop dat!
He said not to!
Anyone else have a guessjacksscore to throw out?
DineEquity Names PepsiCo Exclusive Beverage Provider
I was KNOCKED by the time u sent this...Good mornin doe..!
Looks like our hash tag for this panel has changed.
The vote in North Carolina makes me sick.
So sad that love can't be open for everyone.
Gotta go now, finish report cards  go to sleeptake caretalk to u tmister : 
did u let the kiddies play n the snow
Failed first grammar test and then I failed the retake...
53 the first time 56 the second time...
I hate grammar
ah he should've said something!
Go Pacers!
And I'm gonna go home now, k?
Fuck I can't sleep..
: Don doctorpers doctornk order being big and brown.
TFM
gotta head to Play again.
Work never ends :
i use the same tone of attitude for people i really like and really dont like.
try to figure me out, i dare you.
Just saw Jaheim up close n personal.
That negro looks like hes been hitting the pipe.
Nina doesn't like skinny negros.
hi Ann Marie thank you!
He seems to be recuperating.
Had 99 blockage in 1  90 in the other!
Freaked my sister right out!
RT : WOW!
So damn glad I found this page   Best tweets, quotes, and inspirational words!
I LOVE IT!
That's why I love my home boys
haha those were next on my list!
although bowling i could do in my spare time for extra cash and to create a name for myself
Heard on : Americans produce more trash than any other Westerners.
Are Austinites different?
What do you do to decrease waste?
Getting ready, about to jump in the shower.
Family brunch today celebrating all the mom's in my family for mothers day.
It's a tradition :
Oh no
base god nigga
With a possible double diprecession around the corner, now's the time for a real jobs program!
Rebuild roads bridges, boost green energy!
and you do??
why are you so concerned about money other people make?
pls don't try to take this fake moral high ground...
And in the year 2012c.e., God saw that everyone was too damn busy, so God created an 8th day of the week: Extryday.
Nick Cave!
Please to come out on stage for me.
Thank you.
DEFINITELY Karou from Daughter of Smoke  Bone.
I'd want her to show me Prague.
Sounds like someone I need to listen to :
so sweet!
Is this person a professorssional athlete?
Lets show some love BBN!
Let him know how much we would love to see him in a UK uniform!
looking forward to meeting Frank Tardif, is that date scheduled yet?
How's Michael gonna escape Hoth by himself?
And when will Wallace shoot somebody down?
And Bubbles is a mechanic now??
Ooh is live tweeting a tour of fireiceexhibit right now!
My mama just asked me do i need more money.
um i mean sure why not ?!!!!
:D
Bielema and Hammock gave Gordon 30 carries to see how he responded to the workload; 'he actually got better as the game went on'
wow!!
what a weekend..
Best part my buddy Matt and his new wifey Taylor are now a married couple.
going to sleep much needed.
We'll also be announcing the shipper of our 4,000,000th document and winner of 500...soon!
This Sat.
we'll rock it out at Marion 101come to pull, plant,  paint w us!
RSVP to if you wanna attend or
Just had my first Five Guys burger.
Pretty good.
I don't deserve his shit ..
fr I know I can do better ..
I'm off him ..
off that ..
Real quote from client today You guys hit it out of the park.
I cant get my team to sit down.
Our accountant is more excited than anyone!
Stuck in the plane for the last one hour on the Tarmac : Come on get us in the air already!
Sent beats!!
I'm good hbu and lol okay
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says he is strongly leaning toward calling the mayoral race for Jefferson Smith.
technically, every sunset IS a sunrise, because it's rising in another part of the world.
:
you were in the cape tourney with me.
i'm out: ...aw: still in fusilier.
for pay?
Painted on abs...
nice one, Shaq.
Barkley should've added some sprayon chest hair.
doctormsmy life
Haha.
I love to hear that!!
takingatest placement test for strake with a bunch of others
Anyone in LA, I'll be showing a short film and doing some standup tonight at The Improv Lab 8162 Melrose Ave.
at 8:30!
never a problem :
Fun time playing contemporary church service this morning at Minnehaha Methodist in Minneapolis.
Blues Sunday!
Ray Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
you better; you too james!
Getting ready for InfusionCon day 3.
What an awesome 3 days.
Earth: Making Of A Planet.
Natgeo.
Fascinating.
check your direct messages:
Working on the social media aspect of my cookbook project.
Realizing how exhilarated I feel.
Need to focus on writing...lol
Of all things I could forget on the SoL date.I forget my laptop.I kind of need that.
Can't believe I'm going to be in Europe in a little over a month!!!
A trip of a lifetime!!
:
made the pcwest basketball team :
I don't like where this is going
seen a lot smaller!!
Don't spend today mad about yesterday
thank you so much
Apparently Gordon Biersch is a 49ers bar?
Who knew.
Guess I'm the lone Bears fan that's gonna piss the place off.
I love it.
nvm not messing with that
Update for followersWe are holding deal launch as it is unknown how long until software is fixed, so no posts/contests until we know more!

Hey Scott, where have you seen the best implementation of learning analytics?
Can't wait to see Duets teamkelly !!!
then I realized QCMerge is over and I won't be seeing you today.
Bo!
so you werent able to get tickets yet?
RT to kill battery.
RT : My phone is dying!!!!
xx
When taking out more than one dog at a time who gets the leash first?
The most calm and submissive one
At a sweet sixteen.
Theme song moment for life by nikki minaj.need i say anymore
Ahem, yes.
Hard to find, but yes.
Watch Lord of the Flies in govrmt
We completely agree!
UMW is full of great minds!
great to have you here!
Passing through Louisville, hello again haha
Dang Bradly Perry has gotten cuter!
:D
TX doll face!
I used to be addicted to this site,I can feel me slowly getting addicted again,haha,now to hopefully build my followers back up again...
lol
I really don't like applesauce.
My nephew is in Chop right now and going to be in there all week.
1 choice can turn your life around doctorstically in a good way or bad way think before reacting!
is it a new Supah Ninjas Friday or Saturday?
So I can bake the must awesomest cupcakes for the party.
S/O to all my new followers..thanks for following me..
thats why I always follow back :
There you go making my heart beat again.
New Music from me Chris Keith coming soon!!!2RealEnt!!!
RT : agreed!
We need to teach our students how to authentically reflect on their work.
Done with first sleep.
Hungry.
Second sleep coming soon...
If Baltimore is trying to be a 'green' city, why does the city government have a 890,000 contract for Toner and Ink Cartridges?
Now its working.
Ok Does that do the trick for you?
Haha
Nice logo!
enhanced broadcast is way text heavy.
I'm having a hard time reading and listening.
Deleting music and contacts out of my phone :
thanks girl!
When's season 2 of football wives?!
Favorite show
You are very kind.
He was honorable, beloved by his wife  sons, and well respected.
All that a man can hope for in life.
I'm a nervous wreck!
I cannot believe you disqualified for THAT, !
Clarification is key.
RT Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
.
What Southern English is, origins, variations, implications Ch 3 in Understanding English Language Variation in US Schools
Happy new year everyone!
beach today with my mom and hopefully my boo ...
Everyone is so boss on this eurythmics quiz today 2against5?
Great call you just screwed The Miz!!!
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me.
Song title by Jimmy Buffet
Just booked our 1st Leaving 2/20 outta Miami FABULOUS deal!
Celebrating hubs bday  no more brain tumor almost 1yr!
YIPPEE
Yup u do she adorable!
Boxing gave me the opportunities to grow into the person that I am today.
Alexis Arguello
ignited?
Did I say that?
some old man just told me off all because i cutt him off :
I'm here for you bff!
Dear Bo Ryan: If you're only going to play seven guys today, Rob Wilson probably has no business being one of them.
KLove3
would anyone like a shoutout ?
:D im in the mood for h !
:
oh ok that funny.
Prob not the best for you but it is interesting info lol.
you cant move seats
Hi!
Did you get Welch's commemorative Red Sox bottle?
Would love to connect about Red Sox Nation attempting World Record Fri
rt if Rice University were a person, I would punch it in the face.
I am embarrassed, and I will never support you again.
Something I learned tonight don't trust anyone but myself...some people are so selfish and rude!
Fuck
Walker Maps Road to Interstate 41.
Is their any doubt, this project will go to one of his top corporate donors
Who!
I'll put you on the list and let you know...it's be sometime in June I think...
Nap time!!
trust me, so I can trust you.
Hold my hand so I could hold your hand and do not forget to hug me so I can't let you go
TV news on mute, downloading an app onto my iPad, waiting for a call on my smartphone, typing this on a laptop.
We still need some kickin graphics for DCWiki.
Especially an avatar for this account...
the bugeyed thing is starting to creep me out.
yeah, pretty sneaky ;
Highly educated out of history I have come, that Woody Guthrie painting is amazing.
I am very excited for centennial events.
Heart attacks...
God's revenge for eating his little animal friends..Dump the meat..Go Vegan!!
Yeah, I got one.
Does that article mention that it's written by a guy who runs a for professort, sports themed, novelty tshirt business?
Anyone know the Top 10 reason's why you don't need Life Insurance?
I will!
I used a vanilla flavored one and added some vanilla extract.
We shall see.
Wearing my pink power ranger shirt today.
I hate having to make dinner reservations over the phone.
Thus I have been putting off calling this restaurant for ala12 dinner for a week.
Listening to how ABs can be better taught in FYW.
What do we ask students to do when we ask them to write an AB?
Mother's Day Tea PartySun, May13, 1130am1230pm 5 Celebrate our park's history  enjoy high tea.
Reg reqd by May10.
The doctorma the media is going to make of this next series after that Metta bow to Harden....
Weequahic Park Upper/Lower Clinton Hills and Dayton Episcopal Community Development Inc.
620 Clinton Avenue, Newark, NJ May 16th
June 1st ; 4 days before Paradise comes out :D

every time my folks go outta town I wind up LOOKIN dead cause I can't sleep without em here 
Welcome back to the land of gorgeous weather!
capacity is only as big or small as what its used for, 32GB is usually enough for average use
interesting shout.
Theo is so one dimensional, could be Ox on one flank and Johnson as back up for either.
why does today seem like it should be monday?
ugh
MT RT if there's an occupyoakland raid, some police agencies are refusing to help OPD
I'm suffering without you
sschat, If students all demonstrate mastery than what?
We are told to grade tougher, without any ideas for how to do that.
The state of North Carolina produces a ton of high school basketball talent.
My grandfathers and my cousin Rachel will sleep in my house tonight.
Where I'll sleep?
there is no forgiveness for me :p
Also, who is this 'Bessie'?
She sounds fabulous.
Dont even know what you're worth Everywhere u go they stop  stare Cause you're bad  it shows From your head to your toes Out of control
A turkey wrap just saved my life.
Ready for afternoon hustle 
The elbow Meta World Peace threw yesterday is just another example of a guy not living up to his name.
I use to feel bad for homeless people until today.
Most of em in Chicago are crackheads.
btw who hates Michael Jordan?
I know, they worship the ground Philip n josh walk on
I want that moment back, I wanna take it all back  restart....
I just want a miracle....
DENNYS TONIGHT.
IT'S BEEN TOO FUCKING LONG
Boom!
Thanks !
It is less of a clone and more of a companion.
:D
ping pong and puppies at work!
Champagne and cupcakes in a bit.
Creature fridays are pretty hip.
amanda call me!!!
:
There is a limit to what I can do, but there is no limit to what God can do!
Believe.
Black girls have the worst attitude ever i wonder why though....wtf is yall problem!!!!
this shit right here this shit this is a love seat I cnt even sit on it if I aint in love omg
Keep breathing....
stay alive.....
who knows what the tide can bring?
Chuck Nolan in Cast Away.
See I'm not trick you play I'm wired a different way I'm not a mistake I'm not a fake, it's set in my DNA icantbetamed
so snark gets me banned?
Awesome.
i didn't know she still does music lol
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Only 2 More BOOJUM performances!!!
Don't Miss It!!!
www.tinyurl.com/boojumchi
I want to
8 Mile and then Get Rich or Die Tryin 
doctorg affected baby.
lmao.
people really be going in on celebs.
If I'm ever given the chance to change my name legally, i'll change it to Amanda RollercoasterOfLife.
Thanx for the RT.
Looking forward to learning from Lou Bortone about video marketing
Woo!
Wear 'em with pride!
Sometimes...
I really wish I could punch these immature little brats on my bus for being mean and picking on everybody.
Must Remain Calm...
no doubt bro u already know what it iz
A man with a perm and a ponytail slightly longer than mine is trying to convince me we need to date bc I have pretty feet.
Oh, Detroit.
lol nice...
wat did you doctoram?
Want to learn some Mambo Shuffle  M Bop?
Join us here at Revolver from 8:159pm to learn for free!
Always a fun time w/ our instructor!
I knowstunning!
My ThoughtsWhileRunning are...
hahahaha that's a joke, I don't run!
Korn's least metal album of their career wins album of the year
I think you're talking about Marco?
I was responding about Yuni
We had Consuella for a waiter at lunch today...
Bhahahah
of course!!!
That's cute
Laundoctor, resting tummy, more laundoctor resting again, cleaning, resting, etc.
Looking for a 199095 Bobst SP102 to buy, under 150,000.
If you have one for sale, email .

shidd when I get at ride to the Southside im on the eastside right now
thank you, Patrick!!
So very kind of you :
pass me 3
Sexy Ugly!
Hot Mess!
Has a gator in one of our ponds.
Scary!!!
Did you catch the double entendoctor in that last tweet?
I'm so naughty.
RIP Leslie Nielsen and Irvin Kershner.
Who's number 3?
i love my stepdaddy fr fr.
SUPERdoctorFT has formed a partnership with an iconic media brand...details coming soon.
L c/t x E  means that Learning is any Change that occurs over Time as a result or product of Experience.
itsjustme
Just because a band/artist doesn't sing the genre you like, doesn't mean they are talentless.
Join Sr.
Evaluator 4 the National Science Foundation  U.S.
Dept of Edu,  Founder of IDEA Lab, Matthew Champagne, PhD  AIR Forum May 23.
It takes money to make money.
factsoflife 
what did expect from the PNW crew Matt?
How did my boy Jay do?
oh fun fun!!
How come?
:
who are you?
Reyes was safe .
That umpire wasn't even in position .
This Friday the 13th, join us at Sean O' Callaghan's for a boondoggle of mindboggling soul joggling.
went around 7:30 tonight.
we were first in line  took 5 minutes.
As it got later it got more crowded.
RT : It is most important to note that not all autistic people are the same.
you do understand what happened to Irene right?
They tell in the end, which was planned from a storytelling angle...
: Love what you do, keep going!
Just bought DMD
Thanks...but there was no skill involved.
Pure luck : RT : nice job Anna!
...
This is the weekend to break the slump.
Mike that was not if best look LMFAO
I forgot to stop following you since u ain't wit the Defending SB46CHAMPS NYGIANTS thanks for ur service.
My phone didn't ring much today wow
yes we made extra.
Lots to munch on.
yeah its difficult for you.
haha.
im ust a lazy ass at times.
Having some food, aching after working out.
What are you all upto?
I need to go now ladies..talk to u soon : see yah love u all 3
Trick you can be mad and I Will get the last laugh
Love ALWAYS supporting!!
You rock!!
Happy birthday s/o to the greatest aunt out there!
I love you!
doctornk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
Tout est pardonn!
Oh my Gosh.
I haven't been on Twitter for so freaking long!
:o ...
But GooodMorning!:
Camara says they are considering a lawsuit over the lines
Leaves dermatologist's office, goes tanning.
The real jewels in life are your Family and Friends.
Is Given me everythingINeed tonight!
Thank you Sasha Thank you so much!
That's bold!
We like it.
morning love : you were AMAZING last night, y'all KILLED that stage.
3 it would make my day if you followed me 3
why would someone want to remake
Reviewing script for am audition!
TIP: Poker cards  chips are dirtier and contain more germs than your toilet seat.
Try not to touch any cavities when playing live poker.
Happy new year friends!!
:
I have to tie die to shirts.Luck
NL dominates.
home field secured.
sfgiants repeat.
lets get it
Bowling withdoctorwals.....no league for 2 weeks.
Practice time!
I heard Tony Stark is taken and captainin America is in love with his career...
great find...
Exactly.
One day a week, one meal a week and only for the summer.
Don't ever listen to anything has to say, his nana likes to take her wig off when she's doctornk
Love the Huevos Rancheros!
RT : We set the standard for excellence.
Check in at Weck's today and make your followers jealous.
uuhhhhh are u guys really going to this???
I need 30 more!
Help a sista out!
I love that song!
I solemnly vow to never doctornk Narraganset beer again.
It's terrible, and I refuse to be a person that pretends to even remotely enjoy it.
Proud to be supporting this today!
RT : It's today.
DineOut to
Just had aces over kings.
Up to 10k.
happens to me everyday :
Im loving my life no stress
Felt the hungergames movie, even though left out some key points, did a fine job!
Do you agree?
Hi!
Miss you!
This truly has been A Day for Meta House.
Thanks so much for all of your support and tweets!
Electrolux Q1 core professort tops forecasts, keeps outlook
: Please give a warm Twitter welcome  follow to catcher 
Well done, Colin Firth.
Outstanding performance and the most delightful acceptance speech of the night.
that stadium is a bit much.
Fish tanks?
Really?
nature's way, unfortunately
..have worked IF the local communities took advantage of Act 10.
WI's fiscal house is finally in order.
He took on a tough issue headon.
you use fb now ?
Yes pancho attacked me :/
want to know what to expect from certain castingdirectors?
read their reviews!
Join Alan and Lita Blake and the one and only FANTASIA at the 28th annual UNCF Mayor's Masked Ball Dec.
18th, 2010.
i have a date friday lol.
tax day deals.
McCormick and Schmick's dinner entrees slashed by four dollars.
all diners will get a 10.40 certificate for future use.
Oh great!
Now I have one of those right wing nut job Birthers that Arizona just LOVES following me.
Argh!
FLAKE OFF
Absolutely!
We were all glued to our TVs tonight!
Thanks!
This girl ass in dtlr 
Let's hop in this Chevy Nova and doctorve in some runs
Twardowski starred in some popular German movies  fled to avoid persecution for his homosexuality.
He nigh exclusively played Nazis in USA.
I asked my wife which jersey she wanted..
why?
Because he's cute!
Lol...
oh, that asparagus dish at Septime sounds terrific.
loved that restaurant!
I hate those days when he doesn't text back and all I can think is negative.
HAPPY FRIDAY!!
RT if today is your favorite day!!!
Some people just don't learn, even wen they get hurt!!
NBA or NCAA?
Nope, Django.
did the heavy lifting.
Love it  between that and Rails I couldn't bear to go back to PHP/Wordpress now
Stage Combat Workshop tomorrow.
Am I too old to wield weaponry?
Hell no!
My new actor goal: Find role for a kickass fiftysomething chick.
If you're interested in making 100 dollars per day without selling anything hit me up
Watching the Red Carpet of the Oscar's...
hoping to see some fabulous handcrafted accessories on these celebs.
May your feet only take the righteous path and your hands touch with the gentleness of our Lord and Savior.
A blessed New Year to all...
I'll keep that in mind
I do not try to dance better than anyone else.
I only try to dance better than myself.
Mikhail Baryshnikov
Just realized I hadn't answered you yet.
Forgive me, please.
April, Vol.
8 is in the process of publication.
I just have the strangest impulses sometimes!
I am not even done yet
Now that's hot.
;
Should you may build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
lolol I remember that.
We gotta chill sometime niglet
heard wolfe interview on 102.3.
reminded me of lyle alzado.
hope he plays like lyle
I hate Kobe but I don't hate his game
My Check Engine Light Coming On 
haha!
half of your face looks kinda old!
:D
ha.
same here.
I'm fickle with music, but K.R.I.T.
gets play almost every day.
Have fun in Disney country.
Haha.
Want anything from McDonald's?
I feel guilty.
Not sure why some of my tweets are sent out a day later.
Ask me to follow eyou and I'll get to it later.
Promise!!!!!3 If you want to see more of my tweets follow my personal; 3
busy here.
Just started fulltime at NARA  doing a field study  U of Baltimore library.
Coffee sounds like a good idea.
En route to Fontana.
Awesome!
Please send along.
So glad to have another friend at Knight.
thanks for following!
Hope you find some helpful info here!
Ladies: Everything is a stepping stone.
Everything is a tool.
Get what you want  need!
Awake your Godgiven Power RT
Alfredo F.
is stalking me today, obviously.
The more I keep learning about neuroscience and memories..
the more afraid I get that my memories are fading and they aren't real anyway.
If you do not succeed in fascinating your customer, your product will fail.
And if that happens, you fail too.
Garlic does wonders for the body
Lucky Lil SOB he is!
RIP MCA.
Your genius and love of true hip hop will be missed dearly.
Hopes my baby feels better soon.
I love you the mostest!
XoXoXo.
What are 'things I'll never say in October'?
RT : H.R.
3848 still gaining attn Thanks newest cosponsors:
Just sent rough sketches of my tattoo to the artist to see if it needs to be altered to look better as a tattoo.
Super nervous.
thank you thank you!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us  Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dear parents suing Apple for racking up high app bills...
learn how to parent ur childoctorn or keep ur password from them.
Not rocket science
NEXT WEEK: Nameless Sound  the Menil Collection present John Butcher and Joe McPhee at Richmond Hall, The Menil Collection
ya ill dm you
You know what?
I don't disagree with you at all.
hey cherry hit dm in 2secs
THE GREATEST DVD EVER IS HERE The Best Power Hour DVD doctornk a Beer With Homer Simpson and watch the best movie scenes on www.flipcups.com
hm a guy named Matt Every is leading a PGA event u dont see that name every day atop leader board
Sorry to hear that, Matt.
Will the sabrage continue?
did you tell him that he should have gone with his gut and folded?
Why is tumblr down ?
ah :
This stomach growling tho....I need food!!!!
In a yoga state of mind
my phone does that sometimes
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel.
At just the right moment, I light the match.
Mia Hamm
They are great.
They are still never allowed to go to Vancouver though.
Raging Canucks fans.
If Juan Pablo Montoya can be this destructive, just wait until Travis Pastrana enters the scene in April!
Fuck Ringgold!!!
I hate EVERYONE in that damn school!!!
I wanna go to cyber school!!
Happy New Year!!!!
good morning sunshine!
I miss my snacks and twins
Damn!
I thought she meant the other kind of crabs.
just met up with Brando who is the angel that sold us our tickets??!
you should become a comedian 
sometimes it is much better to watch the foreign commentary.
French was much more complementary.
End of the month is always the busiest...
and most challenging.
Just the way I like it!
Holy Shit poundthealarm came on!
Tearing up the floor.
Come in for the craziest time of your life,you never know what these girls will do next!We got a house full of beautiful Honeys waiting for
Now follow the beauty
Just finished watching the 1 hour and 30 minute Avatar series finale, some intense shit
rehearsing my set for 4/26 at
Didn't get the link for the event.Please send when you have a sec.
Thanks!
2014 LB Clifton Garrett from Joliet had a busy day today  MichiganState, BallState and BowlingGreen all stopped to see him.
My friend on the way...cool
Tweet me a number  a question,  I will tell you which IB.
:
RT Had my fun now back to the money ;
Startup success is more or less based on hard work.
Usually more.
/via
But don't you think he was madder when he found out Carol Anne was sucked into the television?
Haven't even launched yet and already got my first client.
:
yes they do!
Kurt Bush just got a huge stripe!
How was your gf stuffing ??
:
ugh.
I'm pretty sure that's comic sans..
It was hurting my eyes as well
follow me :?
But it turns out making rice krispies treats IS like muscle memory comes right back, even if you haven't made them in 20 years.
Thanks for the LOVE!
It is so good to see you back on here.
I was worried sick and your little brother wasn't telling any of us a whole lot.33
You are as useless as the h in yeah
President will be live on today from 121pm.
Stay tuned to learn more about the May 20 festival.
Only a week away
pretty sure tony cleve was just outside on the path......
Foster the People will be doing Ticket to Ride shortly.
half?
Is this a baseball term?
ahha you didnt have to do that!
Don't worry your nightmares aren't going to happen, your name is already on VIP lists for your visit.
gosh darn it....i thought RaiseYourVoice was trending because the movie with hilary duff was on.........................
Details, details.
Lets not get caught up in little things like words.
Brains over beauty.
I love my family they are a great support team 
lol if you really want.
I'm glad so many people on Twitter can make good money from home!
Good morning!!
Oh well.
Good game.
you too, its double for u this year.
:
NoManShouldEver say he's too manly for a chick flick
That's 7 kids in almost 7 months!!
Imagine what we could do with some serious financing!!
Today I went to a McDonalds around times square, there was no dollar menu.
MLINY
Miss u all already!
RT : Sad to think I won't be interning at anymore, but thank you for the amazing experience!
crazy amount of stuff to do tonight!
workout paintnails runerrands.
this is when i miss my college schedule.
At least someone is making an adjustment, come on Badgers.
You awake Bret?
Thankx for the follow back beautiful...
I appreciate it chica!!
Can't wait until I'm 50.
Then I'll be able to date women in my age group.
Did you know that captainin D's sell a large bag of ice for 1 dollar??.......
we bet the ice is deep fried....
to all of our new followers, we love you foreverandafter ; help spread the word about us on here and be sure to Like us on FB!
3
Y people r rushing to be in love??
:T
come get some fresh vegan donuts from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery !!!
it's like starring in your own car commercial.
What I learned yesterday...Lionel Richie is from Alabama.
Now to figure out how to get him on a library billboard.
hm....
It's a great turn out for our Meet  Greet tonight.
Thanks to Milliman for hosting
RT :  I'd quickly give my freedom to be held in your captainvity.India arie!
yes girl yes
dehydoctorted  doctornking again in 3 hours
I can't get my new tv to show pictures.
Oh well, back to watching tv on my computer.
With Fisher shooting the way he is for the Thunder and his infamous past with the Lakers, Im considering this 4v6 in the floor.
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
I figured that one out : let's be looking for another time.
I just want it all
great meeting with the great Ed McMasters today Looking forward to spreading word re:channel 411 together!
Wanna enter the style spotlight?
Email us a photo of your most fashionable outfit to get featured on our website!
Good morning.
Make today count.
Let's go!!!
I wanna be gazed
Cheesecake Factory!!
whattoorder ?!
Excited to begin a little stint at starting Monday!
Hello Northern VA, hope you've missed me!
buying groceries at CVS
So you talk to me couple days then ignore me then talk couple days then ignore me...
I've been quite alright, just really busy...how's everything down under?
Proud of for using proper grammar in all his tweets tonight :
In Gainesville for the ADBC HUB meeting
July is over and still a lot of Low/Mid level D1 caliber 2012s from Wis still available...probably the state's deepest class in a long time!
Oh you work at the UFO?
Random Voices takes the stage to perform a song from Maroon Five.
Luke, I am your duck.
No will have to though !
Love pull up and push ups .
Do them every workout !
RT : Hot Damn We Have Hopslam!
Come grab a pint and chill out with the best Tuesday Jazz Jam in Columbus tonight, no cover
Is it sad that my dog is the only guy in my life?
Went to breakfast together, then the beach, where we had lunch and relaxed.
haha then I was given a tour at a zoo nearby :
Develop international scorecard to look at parl behavior and reforms
no doing the ladies fitness half in NYC!
Whitney you will b miss, RIP..
another talent.
Singer we all have lost, Michael Jackson, Amy Winehouse, Etta James.
I can keep going on.
Etc
Its your fault !
Hi, I'm Bruce Hill, and I will be your comedian for the evening.
Friday and philzcoffee!
email me at .gov Thank you
my condolences, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
Let's be a leader with sustainibility in the building code, not a laggard  Mayor Stanton
WeWontWorkIf I never get to see you.
The fuck?
Thanks for the follow!
We look forward to following your tweets!
curious if you ever swing by Cincy to visit with Coach Cronin?
If so would love to see if we could chat?
Considering mobile outreach?
It takes 90 minutes for the avg person to reply to email.
It takes 90 seconds to reply to a text message.
I thing wendyt isn't coming back on until august or september.
I wonder if she will answer to the kind of questions she ask?
So angry at my snooze button...woke up a few minutes too late for my AM bikramyoga :
I went from hundoctords to thousands
Is there a guy from Beaverton on there?
well, my brand new roof just survived its first hail storm.
peasized hail here!
I'm glad you enjoyed it : RT : Enjoying some GREAT passover cakes courtesy of in the office this morning!
Too quiet around here.
Missing my evil twin.
Mention twitter Teeth Cleaning Special at www.Dentistryofdelmar.com 49 for full x rays  cleaning!
Call today 7937107
I want my other twitter!!
This one sucks!
I cant even see anything really!
Uggh : make my day!
Lol
no problem :
I dont see Phi rattling off three in a row.
i wouldn't be too worried
Sometimes knowing things is harder then not knowing them.
However, to find out something is almost worse.
So I'll take knowing any day
Hello Dear!
Thanks for the follow..
nice to meet you!
:
Thanks a bunch for the RT!
Sadly, no.
Who decided fuck was a bad word?
This child made up stories about holiday to hide the fact they were nonexistent.
yhey r graffiti 6  group from London...
So add accent to that and BAMM!
I'm done.
Saw them last night  chills all over ...!!!
Making a new attempt at keeping up with this social media stuff
yes, parris.
Its not gay if its your own.
unless you imagine its someone's other than yours
23 days till my birthday!
cant wait
Flickr allows you to share really large size pics though.
yep you should deffinately come in tomorrow :
its the band name abbreviation haha
Thanks.
Sorry for my slow response.
Lens replacement last week.
One to go.
Twitter is like texting in public
My dear 94yearold grandmother, whose house we have been living in for 8 months, passed away yesterday at 3 p.m.
We will miss you, GG.
well hey there gorgeous!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Enjoy!
aw, haha I hate the time differences because they always do stuff while I'm asleep/in school
I believe I have misspelled Pharaoh incorrectly at least 10 times today.
A before o, a before o.
That seems like an inefficient way to retweet.
Worried about a delete?
That doctorves me up the wall.
Indeed.
: To live a life you have never had before, you must become someone you have never been before BH
thoughts on our initial logo???
Will Be Going Through Withdoctorwls w/o Me.
I Feel It.
Thank god for getting in my car yesterday.
been a while since I read the books but I'm sure it's as punishment for rebelling or something!
Girl are ready to Glow in the Dark
i miss my
Setai rate avail till end of March, loads of great deals in NYC at the moment let us know your dates
SecretaryGeneral: Nonetheless, big challenges remain...
waitaminute.
medieval history degree  need web projects for portfolio  mucho ideas.
New plan less than half cost of original plan.
Nerad, It's more feasible and mindful of resources.
I hope my girlfriend gets better, and not be sick!
And hopefully can go to the movies with me tomorrow c: see you tomorrow!
3
happiness often sneaks into a door that you did not think was open.
thanks!
I've always had a love for the big city.
Opportunity presented itself so we're going for it!
Roll Da Kush Up!
..Lets Start A
One of the only ones I knew!
Jamie asks if you can email me that pic?
Im selling my soaps  ladies night TONIGHT 6:309pm, at Game Pazzo 2011 W.
63rd St.
Downers Grove.
Free admission 20 vendors  5 martinis!
Wonder who these employees will be if they won't be union employees.
Well, I wouldn't say a little crush!!
It's more like a HUGE crush!!
;
And they didnt pick him either howie wants up with that ?????
He sang really good :
I bet you wish there was a rewind button, don't you?
Were you at the mv lax game tonight?
I just want to sing.
And cry.
And laugh.
And fall in love.
Not the kind of love I've had..the kind that's real.
My mom has me stop at work just to get her some Dunkin donuts
illegal immigrants who qualify for the doctorAM Act would still have to wait 2 years before being eligible for residency
Tao Lin: As if detecting a red dot on a white screen during an ophthalmologist's exam.
Only me and can have a conversation in text and on twitter at the same time.
Everyone else is restricted to pick one.
well you've been missing out
late night trumps late night movies any day
Do it!
Aha.
Because you won't win.
P :
The refs are Finally giving the Bulls some calls smh
I seen it too and Im scared straight.
He said to the camera man 'if I wanted your booty, I can have it.
Chicago bound and loven it!!
: partytime!!
Going parting with my girls and 3
I'll just come home now.
That would be easier.
You certainly tell you raised 5 kids!
nuu.
I'm sorry your tummy hurts.
I hate that!
Mine hurt this morning.
miss you.
Just ate a banana dipped into cacao nibs.
I love it!
It likes a raw version of a chocolate covered banana!
I've been wanting to do this for a while.
IF we get a REAL Repub in the WH  get Cong  the Senate then there is hope for freedom to continue.
Romney  RINO.
Join OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani 4/9 6:30 pm  Central Library auditorium 820 E Street for An Evening of Persian Poetry and Literature!
it's still been warm for this time of year, so that's always good!
;
mister ThinWalls obvi had a bitchin' Cinco de Mayo because he's currently singing I'm sexy and I know it at the top of his lungs.
Im going to kill you both
How are your Resolutions coming along?
You're a lucky man!
RT: It's hard to believe, in 1 week I'll be getting married.
Are you coming tonight?
United airlines doesn't wanna hear it!!
i wish i could go to your concert in LA :
But someone should come over ?
:
We appreciate all the support you gave us at this year's swap.
W/O support like yours, we couldn't provide our services.
Chone Figgins?
Me too!
: Every day, for 88 straight days, the same person has made me smile and laugh.
It's a nice feeling.
thanks man
Stick figures are grossly underused in PowerPoint presentations.
Although, honestly Dave, I would have pegged you for more of an NSYNC fan...
HAVE FUN:D  noo, i wishh:
I am finished with the magazine now.
An even  that has a 4 and a 0 in it ...
them house of blues tickets are going fast.
get yours from me!
We'll have the day in court for a former supervisor at the San Diego Center for Childoctorn accused of molesting a teen at the Center.
Yo, Dog what ever happened to Mic Geronimo and the Cash Money Click ..
B4 the Cash Money that the Squares KNow  My Bad
When will scout release the 2015 rankings?
so why is it that when I wake early on a Sunday morning the first thing on my mind is Golden Coral :/
Roasted flavor without the wait  Gloucester Daily Times
when you go to a Benjamin Britten opera, you know what you're getting.
Peter Grimes all over again.
that's why I hate Met audiences.
What do lawyers do after they die?They lie still.
How long do you normally work out for?
: The Online Poker Act: US jobs, money for deficit,  consumer protections!
Pls hold hearing on HR 2366.
Come a little closer baby.
PRIDE  SHAME keeps you away from the HOUSE  separates you from having a relationship with the Father!
I know ima make it...give a fuck about yo thoughts
lol im not sleepy anymore bc I like when we talk :
I'm tired of everyone.
I don't trust easily.
So when I tell you that I trust you, please don't make me regret it.
plpnetwork Sharing work with colleagues, across the hall or around the world, is an essential part of professorssional growth.
There is nothing better than spending time with old friends.
Love my girls!
Bout to watch the OHIO STATE game
OMG Yes
Love Love LOVED your comic Touch Hater's Club  Good stuff!!!
....and made both my kids very sick, then we got away from that but had a bad dust issue at our next rental....
I'm already following u
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
Dont be so busy with your plan that you ignore God if He tries to change it.
Sad news for stray cats and
Okay.
That makes me feel better.
Have often thought the same, but never acted on it.
Perhaps you'll inspire me.
always a fun time.
:
Its nice to meet you.
I'm always supposed to be sleeping
Check us out follow us and we follow u getbigwithjboss.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 8
You Fuckers Better Tip!
LSU's Book Bazaar begins today!
That's cool, I didn't really need food money for March anyway.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Leonardo da Vinci
Happy Valentines Day :

who's the safer bet to get 20pts?
Stafford against Oakland or Cam against a tough Texans D?
I be ducked off
U fuckin bitch
I'm a bit late to the Andoctorid party, but, I finally made it!
Thank you , et al., for making these amazing devices possible
lmao shut up!
Good thing you're not showing the pic of your yaya yesterday..
Mayor: there are the needs of the 'hood and there are the needs of ppl who go thru the 'hood
Floyd Mayweather not only won his fight against Miguel Cotto on Saturday, he did it with a starstudded support
note to self!
Too skinny is ugly!
Sorry
Shoutout To My New Followers 
that was def the funniest moment of my day hands down.
i cant wait to sit on his lap and get my picture taken with him!
yayy !
Sam broke the lightbulb from shoveing it up my butt
Showed Do the Right Thing 2day in class, holds up well
I discovered paw prints in my chamomile, so I reluctantly harvested my catnip.I'm making aprons from vintage hankies.
It's pretty snazzy..
CORRECT REACTION: RT : It pains me to hear another member of the Trojan Family has been harmed.
It was a great BGT Season.
Out of all the one's i've watched from the USA.
You're unique, just like everyone else.
liquor store in trunk of old Camaro bumping PAC
checking it out now; looks very interesting!
haha no problem..Will do :
Old fashioned
OH recently: Those aren't silos, they're corridors of excellence!
You're welcome, Melissa!
At home rewatching the game against Vandy with the family.
If came to Denver for Summer Jam, i would be in there like swim wear 3
Great pcbw night tonight!
Featured TRASH homebrewers and delicious creations from ,
i think alternation is keeping myself moderate, able to run for the long term.
who wants to be temporary anyway?
headed back to Billie in a few hittin' bottoms up
Oh yeah.
Before going to bed, just want to share that I'm very happyincle !!!
The Brewers lose a heartbreaker, 131.
Post game is brought to you by...
...
I can't find it, the hell with it.
I'm really hoping all this video render will be less painful when a new MacBook Pro Head::Desk
you know you are a hooker.
May be next to your star at NJ Rep
Oh, Game of Thrones...why do you have to keep me up until the late hours of the night?
5TH PIC  2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS  EVERYTHING IS BIG IN TEXAS  IT'LL BE BIG NEWS WHEN HOUSTON TEXANS GET WIN 10...PLAYOFF BOUND!
class  SOME ONE SAVE ME!!
Talk is cheap.
A leader is one who doesn't criticize, but instead try's to be a part of the solution.
So freaking cold out and I'm getting some
Is there any video from the ABC 7 appearance?
Nothing on their site.
Three best words in the English language: pajamas, coffee, toast.
...I wanna maybe meet for lunch on Monday!?
want to win a free photo session for your kids?
Check out hashtag FunFreshFree :
that's cheap!
on my way back from SD, bought 4 random cds at random record shop.
big winner was Lambchop mister M.
late night long doctorve record FTW.
thanks alot!
same to you!
Day 12 on the platform and I awake to the news that a tsunami is headed towards me.
8 mi off the coast of Santa Barbara by Point Conception
where are u an I'm 10th row behind the plate looking for u guys
!HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:
waiting for she's taking her sweet time ...
It's ok I wa late too redbullvodka :
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of doctoraming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Hey its hacking breezy's twitter!!!
Follow me :
yea i got u
Hello.
everyday is a piano day.
: Omg we are picked up for season 4!!!
Parenthood forever neverstop
cool.
I know they are hiring for stuff out of state.
Not sure if I can use him as a ref.
Follow me please.
I love you!!
21 Im going to send you a poster I doctorw!
:
unemployed and HATING IT!
Why does the tea smell like beef?haha, at the Korean noodle house we went to beef broth was served in teapots and teacups, as a beverage
Ladies send me a late night pic I wanna see lol.
I am on TeamConan.
I would hate to see him go, but will watch him wherever he ends up.
hey Naina thanks for following!
:
Going to Beauty School to get signed up for class.
whoa is this a asha12 sighting ?
Whilrlyball?
While I was home alone  nearly choked on Brussel sprout.
Need to teach cletedog Heimlich.
Or how to order pizza.
omg is it Fiffany?!
best weight lifting exercises to do?
Ouuu!That's ma Bero'o!
How are you brotha?
needs to get the hell up and bless my TL wit her presence......
She know I'm impatient
Certainly!
Send us your contact info
2WD in the snow is quite eventful
Everybody hears, but few listen.
BobKnight or HanSolo ?
Is on crack because he thinks that was a good show...
its time for an intervention of LINDSAY LOHAN PROPORTION!
he is but don't jinx him!
Oh.
Your fast though you should've done the 50 yd dash.
The OEP online store will be down temporarily while we convert to a new system.
We appreciate your patience.
Call 1.800.424.8070 for orders
ok ok amigo, ya te sigo de vuelta :D
No longer accepting halftime scores for the deucebrand giveaway...thanks for your entries!
thank you for saying that!
So many people forget that and only say that on fathers day.
twitterverse needs you!
we can go on ghost tours!
got my first st.
pattys day doctornk/tipsy ; dial....lifes good.
shut yo bitter ass up !
RT : As u grow older u discover that u have 2 hands: 1 for helping yourself, the other 4 helping others Hepburn
Not only was I a geek, I was the queen of the geeks...embrace being weird.
It's your superpower.
Out to breakfast at the Vanilla Bean with my favorite cousin and my little munchkin :
Getting ready for some tonight!
It's going to be delicious!
We love our retailers.
Want to carry all or some EnduraPet products?
We would be delighted:
VisualWebsiteOptimizer  my new crack Kills Google's WSO.
Install just 1 Code!
Had to call my brother to tell him The Wood is on :
Any chance the team could get access to the web font beta?
:D
watch that young O.G.
Mudbone
i dnt know u
thank you!
shut up.
: Gotta be honest, I am very impressed with both Pens and the Preds PR staffs.
Extremely mediafriendly teams
no idea what you meant, we just played with our base set.
s/o to my new follower
It is customary and kind to tip your artist for work well done!
first kiss
Bucking the local party nominee, eh Ron?
Oh, you rebel!
cc:
don't forget the postapocalyptic gem Waterworld
Quote from Google's stmt on doctorpping H.264 supt, all publishers  developers using the video tag will be forced to supt multiple formats
APUSH is the one time of the day that I need to use my phone for distraction.
Someone is stealing my cheese sticks from the refrigerator at work.
Cried my eyes out.
Omg.
Yearning for movie star locks?
Stop by Beauty this month for a 10 blow out.
Volume, body and shape, oh my!
Ms.
Sierralta addoctorsses the Board on the excellent skills and benefits that are gained through learning languages early on.
Also, how the hell do you use that many timemanagement apps at work?
We will need to get rid of Beasley at some point.
Hopefully, D Will can fill that hole.
hm.
if you turn straight will you marry me?
haha
Oh.
I'm not really sure what that means.
But ok.
q:
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
Fabulous food and doctornks with and Miami !
Lovely beginning for the weekend!
I'm just amazed that for once I have a solid product rec.
when someone asks something obscure!
ha!
Empty net...under a minute!
Hold on
we'll see about that lil girl
Someone tried to poison her!
During...TECH?
No.
During the late local news.
Okay, future boyfriend, You can stop playing hide and seek now.
Please stay.

whale, she got his number but she's going to tell me stuff at school...I guess there kinda talking now..
Nuffin bout me?
:
what's the song you've been listening to the most this week?
youtube/ state authentics
: I can't stand teachers, substitutes, student teachers, principals, assistant principals.
Lmfaooo
Yum!
nowiwantlunchtoo RT : I just had lasagna supreme n my boyfriend had Italian beef
Musically it doesn't make any sense.
As if two songs accidentally crashed into each other and couldn't remember which part belonged to who.
: If we're giving tests that Siri can pass, we're not asking the right questions.
We need a glade plugin or a bath and body works lotion that smells samurai gazebo...ridiculously delicious
Suite Scarlett and Scarlett Fever by Maureen Johnson, and The Boyfriend List and its sequels by E.
Lockhart.
Looking at the girl with doctorgon tattoo.
: Blogs, soc media, lms, mobility are the ambient noise of learning, a part of all classes to some extent.
Contact for a free estimate!
We don't begin to know what freedom is until we come to a place in our lives where we have no need to impress anybody.
Joyce
An experiment in Facebook ads is today as much as an experiment in social media theater.
But in the midst of my ailment I am beyond thankful for the most incredible woman I know, Kristi Hinson!
I love you!
What movies are you dying to see?
PT
youknowyouafreak when you get it On backtage before going on stage
need your help actually!
With 90 reporting, 1,150,437 votes have been counted in the wirecall primaries for governor.
That's a 34 increase over 2010 primary.
Thank you, Shawty!
:
GOODMORNING AND HAPPY MOTHERS DAY OK BYE
just got home from work and plans on watching Friends all night,
You must realize that honorary degrees are given generally to people whose SAT scores were too low to get them into schools the regular way
30 of health care spending is for services that may not improve people's
OVER 3 MONTHS NOW :  LOVING IT!
RT Wait, I blink my eyes and is reporting news in Jacksonville, NC?
crazywhiteboysays you read books!
turns to someone else, hes reading pornographic novels
Get a FREE membership when you enter fit in the promo code field while completing the sign up process.
YES FREE for a yr www.thegympro.com
Follow me?
??
getting ready to release LA Trash Apparel!
I'm busting my butt on this project!
's Founder and CEO Mitchell Reichgut speaking this evening : Deconstructing the Myth of Viral Video
Cuz I'm cool like that
Lmfao did just blow his nose with the linen Hahaha

We were ok with le360, but Bill wanted a new name.
Look forward to seeing you in Chicago next week.
Joe; scarborough, makes no argument in todays culture.
Back hill Penns  blue collar folk still use contraception, abortion serv.
RT : Hope Solo what a great looking goalie..
OHH and a great player as well..
lol
M not so bad.
yes it is though!
So a bunch a teenagers can't identify with Rue in HungerGames b/c she's Black.
And how could Rue remind Katniss of her sister?
Hahah!
Bummed I missed it, I wanted to go  but WITH my beerloving husband.
:
good and you
Huge goal in a huge spot by a huge talent
up doing light work.
lol where at?
tonight in Boise.
no worries.
I'm here until Saturday.
Where's ZA ZA!
tonight?
She'll save me!
HA!
D
Your Curly Hair33
Emaley w/ Cheryl Feilding From UTPA  Having a great time  ABAI Stop by our booth  say hello!
awww yeah ohio river valley chasing
But why would we need the beer, if inhibitions would be outlawed?
LOL
thanks for tweeting out our article!
Only 10 days left until and s IntheArtoftheCity event at the gorgeous
IM NOT GANA STOP CALLING UNTIL THEY PASS ME ...!!!!
Go Longhorns!
thanks 4 the follow!
if you need sharpening or a some new scissors call text or tweet!
the new webstore will b up soon!
peace!
:
Why does have a criminal defense fund?
Back in KC
Who are you excited to see at warpedtour Vans Warped Tour 2012?!?
Good luck!
4 more day for My birthday
NU Gallery 360 hrs: 10am7pm MonSat.
Check out new exhibit featuring photos from 5 different regions of the world!
don't they sell shirts with fake stains on them?
I think Linda can make some  if she sells her shirts with real coffee stains
Was just rocking so hard to a Bon Jovi song in the car that my earring flew off and is now lost.
I don't get how I am allowed to be an adult
Caught the last 30 min of Junot  he was great!
Ladies now booking valentine shoot special : 
: Hey Lu!
Thanks for the hey you...how are you?
Ribbon in the Sky...
Hands down.
q1 TOO many miscommunications to count
good how are you?
how were ur holidays?
Reminder next Sat meet David and Stephanie at Health Expo Tamarac Florida Community Ctr 8601 W Commercial Blvd  learn 8 Steps Aging Younger
MJNA morning panic setting in!
and didn't tell you which song.
Generals!
Definitely.
haha oh gosh.
You should take the group to the hood then speed off.
FREE Social Network  Create a professorle, write blogs, start discussions, join a group, or upload photos and videos in our social network.
tell me about it!
I hope 2012 is a good year, starting off with exams :/ hope I do good, I don't wanna fail, never have, hoping never will.
long day in the studio.
Next time!
Love it!
Thanks for letting me know!
its a Great Day today!!!
no reason to complain, if u do...u angry at somethn bout ya self.
lmao
Make us proud!
My birt6hday party last night was amazing!!!!
I have great friends!!!!
xoxo
at least have a fillin sidekick who knows about sports pre 2000.
how long you be at hyp hyp?
Tropicana gutts and my trunk on slam!
Saturday Nite rock w/ Highway 4 and Boston's Sun In Flight.
Tix 10 now/12 at door.
21 10pm.
Come
good.
you?
there's a big difference between an actual win and a I forgot to play and for some reason didn't get a reminder forfeit.
Welcome aboard, !
have a great evening everyone!
So sad you didn't play always and forever!!!!!!!!
Today was tiring.
Will take a nap and will watch movies later.
Be safe people!
i know gurl, it's just not right!
Field goals gives OSU lead back, then Barner gives the Ducks another great kickoff return.
Of course we love packing, especially with our fantastic Liquis luggage by !
Perfect for us and our adventures.
let's talk getarz !!
were you the one wearing that beautiful red doctorss last night?
wanted to say hello but didn't get a chance!
i saw that your gona have to go a third time when i get there ;
FF FollowFriday RT : Does making twitter jokes qualify me as a member of the press?
I say yes.
Hey Lisa!
Do you know how we know if we are part of the meet and greet for the NYC concert?
Xoxo
gds  biodiversity how did it happen that K/1 boys will not eat pink cupcakes ?
gender and
you did good in high school musical 2
Most of the time it really ain't what a person think......
2 20 min calls Netflix support our queue issue is resolved w/Bizarre workaround: logout/in 4 each.
WTF
The scarves are delivered, in KC and are just awaiting my grubby hands on the box to distribute.
Which type of training do you prefer?
or Crossfit?
Fuhh reals!
I'm sure we can still do it, we just haven't had practice recently, because you're too busy being an adult.
I'm willing to bet John signed/agreed to it, he's sometimes TO NICE.
Merry Christmas!!!
Hope you all have a good day :
RAIDERS!
RAIDERS!
RAIDERS!
Ugh I hate the doctors.
Obama on some funny shit he aint solid.Marriage between a man  woman fuck that other shit
Who might be interested in kickball stuff that I should be following?
Dont make me wait for
Today I'm busier than a onelegged Riverdancer.
oh Lol I got 2 this year and they were from guys!!!!!.I was like wtf?!
I'll be on tonight around 6 p.m.
talking about how public asset sales could get big in 2012.
Listen up!
Very cool to hear!
Thanks for sharing, and welcome to the team.
Memphis blew that game
I'd tell him to go screw himself lol.
are you a pisces?
That's my Bitch...
i'm working on some Personalized URL campaigns for customers.
anyone have any research showing increase in response to PURLS vs.
a control?
JAVA DEVELOPERS Needed!!!
7 openings in Delaware, midlevel and senior positions, salary ranges between 85130K 3 openings in Boston, mid
Do you have any idea who hacked you??
Bretana
Have fun on vacation.
Too bad it won't be as fun as visiting us will be, but hopefully it is close!
;
Maybe my cat will?
downtown :: i hate shopping, but happened to run into all these sample sales and it was actually a cool little thing!
xo
If you're in the Queens Brooklyn area come see We Are Defiance tonight Vibe Lounge!!!!
:60 North Park Avenue Rockville Centre, NY
thanks Britt, Happy Mothers Day to u as well
You could be conscious and be part of the problem
All day err' day !
RT : Loaf's in need of Loaf today
oh that's perfect!
Thanks!
HoLLY Much !
Stop It, never cute take that to unverisal studios ..
you look so pretty with your amazingly beautiful hair, it makes me want to grow up and be you.
don't worry nothing happened while you were gone!
:
Good morning!!
Be sure to watch me on Channel 14 on This Week in Sports with Callahan coming soon.
Taped today.
You will enjoy subjects.
ha
New day, fresh start.
Successfully banished a destructive and sick person from my life.
Feels good to get that dirt off my shoulder.
Whew!
Always playing WMYB on the radio.......Every time I step in the car, there they are!
I could fuck a usb port and sext her a picture of it.
that would be a good relationship thing?
convey that I am trying my best over here
Please share your tailgating photos with us!
Bobby Turnage, formerly General Counsel of Network Solutions, joined Venable's Washington, D.C.
office to work on cybersecurity matters.
Spectacular performance by Madonna and company!
BTW did you see the entrance?
That's how Catherine Garcia gets to work everyday:
Sleeping town, night mail / Chug, chug, a bend in the tracks / Tiny dog, big world haiku in honor of rail mail  Poetry Month
I have failed you Anakin.
I have failed you.
From possible the best 9 minutes of motion picture ever created.
Heyy!!!
I love you all soo much 33 anyway what's up!!
So anyways, this kid called corporate on my boss and apparently it's going under investigation.
if i'm involved...fuck.
does Dj have your number?
Thanking for bringing new energy to Ebony magazine.
confession I have no idea what putang is.
thanks!
Big step!
Now there's the way to wake up: news helicopters right overhead  the garbage truck arrives at same time.
Now for Hacking Your Users Brains w/ Aviva Rosenstein, UX Lead  Salesforce.com
Medieval Times Show was
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Callus : My mum was in a car accident a few days ago and she's still in so much pain and also the guy gave false insurance
Were they still breathing?
RT The cool thing about breakingbad is there can be no dialogue for 10 minutes and you don't notice
Me too, and looking forward to it and DH both.
2 classes with , 3 times a week???
Life just got immensely better.
When I see girls pictures of them doctornking every single day all I think of is wrinkles wrinkles wrinkles.
Breet us your best bree jokes!
On a roll: seven straight hours of writing today.
Getting close to completing another chapter in the WIP.
Nearly 1 trillion, roughly half , of CAs economic output is not taxed.
CA is dominated by services and info activities that aren't taxed.
for real!
Win V.I.P.
access to doctorke concert!
Listen for all the details on Kiss 97.3!
Goodluck
TEACHERS this is a good chance to get your students Tweeting!
Assign it as a class assignment for the students to respond.
I need to download Instagram.
that would probably mean I should exercise or something.
Hmm, maybe in another life.
:
I'm tha Diamond in tha Ruff that ain't been found
idk where you at bruh but u better find me cuz we got problems
m.
Heart me some wiffleball.
:P Ugh...my tummy is being mean today!
Lol
big balls small brains
Cackling kicks off tcamp12 day 2: visionary mastermind literally JUMPING to create innovative data ecosystems for better society
New York Post reporting that Knicks head coach Mike D'Antoni resigned.
is it April 1?
No, then it might be true.
You rock!
Thanks for the shout out!
Bring with you next time!
I hate wemocco!
Help us keep our trees green.
Water a street tree today!
Peter McGraw and Joel Warner: Deconstructing Romney's 'Bullygate': The Science of Pranks: How can you tell when a prank has gone too ...
RT : Absolutely!
African Americans' interest in Cuba begun right after Blake's publication in 185962!
I wanna say Happy Birthday to the amazing singer 3:
Turning Waste into Wow This is good...but I prefer TRASH CAN!
My summer has ended after tonight.
Summer classes start tomorrow.
Just laughing at guys Grindoctoraccounts with lol
on a better note, happy opening day!
It's the Curse of the Chalupa!
omg its cause she put Numming stuff so she didnt feel it , we're gunna do that .
we should get it at the same time xD
Cats step with both left legs, then both right when they walk or run.
The only other animals to do this naturally are giraffes 
Love you though.
I went on a real paranormal investigation and it was awesome.
what we captainred was amazing.
Everyone stay safe out there!
Family Guy is so good tonight
LMAO, ok well Happy Birthday anyway my friend :
I believe in a 6th round doctorft pick.
Brady 
Gatlinburg is the new Jersey Shore
Your going to win duhh!!: you got this all in the bag33 followme ??
Am back...finally!
while having girlfriend talk Grandpa: he can have a girlfriend he old enough to let his life go down the doctorin Lmfao dead 
All the good shows, their Finale are this week  next week  wa.
I hope Revenge isn't on it's finale O I'd go Crazy.
Happy Thursday to everyone!!!
What exciting plans do you have this weekend?
to post the pics up.
I know you got a couple of the pics up.
Out with the old and in with the new .
.
.
off to surgery this morning
Listening to Jackson Parten throw down and getting ready to follow at 10.
Tim Phillips to follow my set.
Same purpose as the buttons at stoplights, gives us the illusion that we are doing something
Finding a guy that doesn't break your heart,is there an app for that?
ThingsILookFor if anybody is tweeting abput
Sometimes I wonder.
one cuties orange my lunch!
Your reaction to someone in trouble determines God's reaction towards you.
TRAYVON MARTIN NO JUSTICE NO PEACE
cuz it was obvious they saw them illegal hits.U may want to listen to sportsradio in MKE sometime..could help with ur show
Cleanshaven and hating life.
Thanks to my manly geneticss though i'll have my 5 oclock shadow back in no time
looks great!
aweh!!!!
ur grandma looks really young!!!
dats a cute pic!!!
HAPPY BDAY grandma of Vinny
Just did a photo shoot in front of 3 different pieces in pittsburgh..so dope..been a fan for years
Thanks for the update, I will have to take a peek and see what all the buzz is about
this is my first time to new orleans n bourbon st...all i gotta say is louisville fans fit the mold.....
skanky, dirty, sleazy etc
thank you :D
My Nose Is On Its Raqq
Blown away by my wife's new iPod Nano.
First of the 6G ones I've played with.
Never seen an interface that awesome on a screen that small.
i know amazing catch
Wow it's Tiny Tower with vampires and zombies!!
sorrythe correct answer was 330am  hope you made it.
:
Getting really close to announcing the details of our New Years Eve race!!!
Who's excited for some MTB, and a brand new year?
Ayyee Hot and dangerous, if your one of us, then roll with us.
;
Another observation of stupidity.
A parking lot of a shopping center had some pavement dug up and trees and bushes planted, hard to see past
Friends with benefits??
Did you know the EKU SBDC provides services to both existing and startups?
Contact us if you need an appointment!
Hey love!
Are you volunteering next weekend for the No H8 Campaign?
They are back in NY!
I am:
I miss it at Lebombo.
It was the best safari experience imaginable!
Tell Brian, Exon, and Lucky hello from Teri
Wittenberg: Authenticated websites critical in legal proceedings
will you be in NYC this week?
I am going as a photog with my new Canon SLR D series!
XOXO
human post it: if I really don't want to forget something I tend to write it on my hand
ORIGINAL MSG: Direct from : Will you be out this wed 2/22 yes...Main street parking...See u there To reply, type 'm ...
RT : In 1782:Deborah Sampson dismissed from Continental Army when her disguise was discovered.
Communication in Workplace, Leading a Team, Problem Solving via Productive Thinking: ML courses OSU AD should have taken.
Bowl bansadness.
Is there an iPhone remote that controls Logic?
When we lose the right to be different, we lose the right to be free.
Charles Evans Hughes
PickUpLine: You bring a whole new meaning to the word, edible.
I emailed it in to you yesterday
It's going to be even nicer today so I'll leave work early and go to the unofficial naked beach.
Thanks for the mention!
you have made me mad jely  just so you know.
J.
W.
Schopf For fourfifths of our history our planet was populated by pond scum.
damn miss my wifey
HEY EVERYONE!!
CAN I GET 1 PERSON TO FOLLOW ???
PLEASE!!
: I'll GUVE YOU A SHOUTOUT A FOLLOWER IF YOU DO:
Sorry there hasn't been a new cheese blog this week, I've been fighting off something and all my free time has been spent passed out in bed.
Welcome to DC!
You should stop by for lunch.
We'd love to meet you!
;
This weekend is gorgeous!
In the Faneuil Hall area?
Stop in and see us!
Huntsman objects to Paul ad featuring adopted kids  The Associated Press
Cool, have fun!
Going to UC for Bulls game tonight!!
I would like a Ryan Dempster bobblehead, but I can't go to today's game.
Anyone want to get me one?
Hope to see you at one!
right on ;
some people cannot accept he is for real.
The more Tebow is underestimated, the more he thrives!
Good morning!
Tonight I'm at Laugh Lounge 8:30
had his mind made up from day 1!
Like I did when I dunked all over you at Dougie Fresh's place.
Assist to
RT : An the winner of our bottle/ day bed tomorrow is......
Congrats!
Congrats Aaron!
Have fun!
:
When Becky makes Dirty Bananas before 5 
need something to do this weekend , wats poping tweet freaks????????
I love competition
I've got a new mobile ...
1.213.422.1879.
Old mobile will be shut down in a day or so.
Looking to see some more life from the Browns today on both sides of the ball.
The matchup favors them, so just have to execute
is she going to eat me?
RT : PRIMARY BLOWOUT: Sen Richard Lugar is trailing in every single county reporting right now from Indiana
That's brutal!
Hey why won't you deliver to my friend?
And you are the only one i have cried for 3
Plain and simple...what a terrific example Thank you
dhdebates fordhamdh I find myself thinking about what humanities means in this DH conversation.
Do I want to identify as a humanist?
I miss my old life, but I wouldn't change anything that I have going on right now
Chris Davis just struck out Adoctoran Gonzalez.
WTF.
you are the reason I am married.
haha well if you ever go its so much fun!!: And it's so beautiful!!
You'll be in AZ 6/28 but I'm planning on going to the California dates too to follow you guys all the way til AZ.
Sound good?
Texas tatted on my arm, got Houston on my back
Was out on the town but fighting the urge to rip off my clothes and dance naked under the moon was too much.
Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due.
Eldoctordge Cleaver
you guys wanna play baseball?
Ready or not here I come u cant hide!
RT : Great natural cooking products for the Holidays!
Natural organic foods at the right price.
relearning an arrangement of a new song to track live tomorrow, going in to play mini doctorms with later, then recording tonight
Watching Firefly could be the best decision you'll ever make.
My favorite Joss show.
Lucy is a healthy, intelligent American girl, suffering from undigested reading...NOW I ASK YOU
congrats on your more than deserving MVP award..!!
YOU look damn preettttyyy
...next time!
glad you like :D
the jewish hymn adon olam has 5 verses and for balance you need a 6'th.
easy enough to fill that in with na na nas....
ok so then my tweets should make u happy then!
Finally doing the twitter thing...
check us out at www.distinctivedoorsllc.com
New Jersey We are happy to announce that we can now be found Street Coop in New Brunswick!
RT if you shop there!
happysnacking!
You know your cousin may be a huge ass, but that won't change my opinion of you.
Marion Barberdoubting Thomas?
Social media class is very informative!
A must if your looking to expand knowledge on social media.
Ft.
myers bound.
at the BISIG at learning about student engagement, active learning, and effective uses of technology.
Excellent speakers so far!
The Superior Man is modest in his speech and exceeds in his actions.....Smiles...DNicole
Average sale on a engagement rings 2,000 dayum
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I LOVE YOU!
GIRL WOO.
U KNOW THATS NOT THE REASON U DNT BE GOING !!!
RT : I like OneNote a lot, esp for teaching.
Microsoft Office online is also great but no BB app.
I recommend One ...
hey chris!!
I'm gonna be honest.
I'm struggling with your twitter professorle pic.
Love when the rising sun turns all the clouds in the sky pink.

you gonna be on at 9.30 or later?
I have rehearsal til 10 but might try and swing by after....
reeeaaaally good!!
raved
the highlight of my busy day was definitely the 5 minutes i spent with i missed that bitch
IDIOT TWITTER!!!!
I'M ON FOLLOWING LIMIT!!!!!!!
imma come in there and punch you!
You got what's coming for you bra now that's
I could listen to paradise on repeat all day.
I'm doctorcula bitch!
Wow, these girls are smashed
Lil white Russian to put me to sleep.
It has been a CRAZY NFL season so far.
How many of you out there are still alive in your fantasy leagues?
On the red carpet: 'Hunger Games' premiere Soontobe household name Jennifer Lawrence stunned in a metallic cutout piece at the Hunger
congrats on a big step forward.
How long have you watched TV?
Breaking news has long been used to label anything happening now.
It's branding, not journalism.
is funny.
Good morning
doctornk on you 3
The Bible isn't the word of God; Jesus Christ is the Word of God.
The Bible is an Godinspired narrative about the Word of God.
i just retweeted your last tweet :
Really Cool!
// RT : EAA Pres./CEO Rod Hightower announces Young Eagles will expand to incl.
adults, beginning Jan.
2012.
We are almost at 200 fans!
Who will be next?
Who will be the 1,000th fan??
being super lazy u
DYMO support is abysmal.
I would rather toss this piece of crap DiscPainter than deal with them anymore.
In the studio with prodigy
My NBA wish list.
I want the Memphis Grizzlies to have homecourt advantage in the 1st round of the NBA Playoffs against the Clippers!
yes, yes it is!
Indy Civic Theatre is doing Into the Woods next year.
This gives me 10 months to prepare my audition...
As you can see from the tweak to my handle, today I begin something new.
Wish me luck!
I hid in the bathroom..
Change layout of the screen to keep participants engaged and change it up
I believe the famous banana will make an appearance Friday
InTheSummer i wanna hit the beach with my babe 
If u wanna get an early start tomorrow hit me up...
doctornks on doctornks on doctornks
Bought a scarf.
And a sweatshirt.
And a hat.
And some more gloves.
London is cold.
And awesome.
thanks....I can't stand it when all the tracks are the same color...
Good Morning!
we still need him no matter what anyone says.
He is a great leader and mentor for the rookies.
Plus he can set everyone up
It is a venti pumpkin spice soy latte AMEN kind of day for me!
Enjoy!
' 
Thanks for following  I will still be following everyone who follows her.
missing my wishing I was with her so she can cuddle with me :/
Going to start explaining everything better for my nonpoker playing followers.
Playing a 350 buyin tourney today at Harrahs nola.
Here's hoping I don't fall asleep in the middle of teaching this morning.
Clay lemme know if u saw my video think u would appreciate it
go Hoosiers!
Thanks for the update.
Sweet 16!
LOL same my tweets go to my phone tweet me from now on omg i miss you to death and not much i've been deceased so yeah
Especially this close to Graduation.
thanks love.
I can't wait to see you.
I miss you!
Tell the fam happy easter!
Go kill yourself Britt...
just burnt my hand on the oven.
:p
look west, front row M8
I swear no one loves me.
I text my entire contact list and no one replies.
Ugh.
Can you do some more tix giveaways?
That would be awesome!
bring meth they will love you
o almost 800 followers ;
you were running around too much!
i was going to, but move too fast.
You got an erection wearing basketball shorts?
The concert tonight was great.
Can't wait for the album to hear my faves that weren't performed tonight!
Half our mistakes in life arise from feeling when we ought to think, and thinking when we ought to feel.
I've been following 2012c19 assiduously; thanks to all who've been covering the days, I feel I've gone to Cali in my mind.
im great, and you?
nice!!
Have fun and be safe traveling!!
Love you cuz!!
this world needs to kno !!
But I think she also is
Pretty sad that Chris Bosh has to get injured to be appreciated.
Jesus is not glorified by our doing things for him.
He's glorified by our resting in and receiving what hes done for us
library group discussed the sameno conf.
center is currently connected enough
Thats pretty awesome!
especially since its one of our old school stickers..
This tweet is about Funyons.
That Mariano Rivera injury looked bad.
I'm no doctor but it really didn't look good.
I have a black baby....who knew.
Just a reminder, be sure to follow us on Facebook to keep up with all the current RTSdeals!
Daddy bought me an iPad :D so stoked right now.
Thank you Daddy 3
Lots of fun!
Can't wait for the next RT : Thanks for coming out!
Good to see you again.
Yes!
It's The Hatter!
AGREED!
RT : Tupac performing at coachella is probably the dopest thing I've ever seen in my entire life  I wasn't even there
Thanks for the follow : RA Conferencesmaking new friends vrac2011 RT :
Thanks for the retweet!
Have a great day
Watching Once Upon a Time, teaching 8 yr old Bob Fosse moves, making spaghetti, 10 yr old making choc chips  awesome Monday
Arguing at times feels like we want to be more sure of our point.
When we are sure we don't need to push our thoughts on anyone.
me too!
I saw that tweet and went awww...
You ever have a singing florist doctorp by your office with flowers and a song?
Never a dull moment around here!
WHO BEEN ACTING FUNNY ???
that's been u Smh
Are you tracking your company's social media trends?
Use Twitter  FB tracking tools to ensure you're using these outlets effectively.
Why do men want to marry virgins?
They can't stand criticism.
WTF?
why the hell am i anxious?
With me at 10 bells but it won't be a good idea for me to doctorve it home.
At all.
How many products does JLo endorse?
Another commercial?
that's so great to hear.
where are you located  we're planning a tour soon.
im not going.
to pennsylvania.
veryimportantpeople My MOTHER.
I love you
I'd give up my hoes for the right man, oO hm..
I got a Google wave invite but didn't get a Google one
Done  follow back please?!
:
The weather gets me excited to kick off the many projects Fishers has planned this year.
Exciting time for this growing community.
I NEED TO SEE THIS PICTURE.
For educational reasons.
; RT : lmfao not at all but goodness gracious TT
20ThingsAboutMe people think im awful at keeping secrets, but Im not.
I know a million things about myself and other people that they dont.
If a man smiles all the time, he's probably selling something that doesn't work.
George The Truth Hurts Carlin
that is so true....
Only one person wants to see an EXTREMELY rare picture of Austin?!
YUCK I just ate KFC...i feel gross now.
newspapers!
why aren't they dead yet?
Hope your shoulder is ok.
You played great tonight, keep your head up still a long way to go this year.
BurritoComa RT : That burrito just made me sleepy as hell
The jets finally made a great pick  Robert Griffin of wait, the lineman, not
FSA rocked the VISA stage: go Nathan!
Day almost over
RT : Gonna let the beat doctorp in the brewery today.
Adele x lex Luger mix going hard right now.
Ha
I hate when a girl tells me  I wish I could find a guy just like you..
Um...Im a guy...JUST LIKE ME!
Ps...had an amazing show tonight!
Will post video tomorrow.
Sunshine, puppies, AND a Mom visit.
I'm loving today!!
Our door is all the way open pop in say hello and see all of our new goods 3
Save the Date everyone!
Library Trivia Night hosted by ALASC and LISSA will be Thurs, Jan 26th, starting at 6pm at the Bell in Hand Tavern!
don't worry i stocked up on enough food!
Topics for today: the atomic bomb, the green revolution and the Alaskan highway.
Ah!
the miracles of science.
symposium: TJ River Watershed over 24k dairy cows and 300k dogs.
What are water quality and health impacts?
why dont we just cut to the chase and have slick willy run again
Being broke keeps me active.
Walking home; save 2.25
seeing quidam.
Love the performers, but love the live musicians too!
how to reply to someone
you are kidding me!!!!!
Owning in MW3!
he's barely as good as Bradley too.
I love your tweets
Happy New Year!
May 2012 be all that you expect it to be!
Miss you all!
Well, need to meet you first Stephen.
And Matt, you're right there..
Yep!
That is how I learned everything I know about CINAHL :
if I have to pay 15 for my guest, I'll bring however many I want
'i miss my long hair' how about growing it then?
that's what hair does
E!!!
i heart the sweater vest!
It's not intimidating, but it IS adorable.
coming back in, too.
I joined the WiFi network via my Airport and entered new password, but am still getting This we page is not available.
just signed on www.twtmuzik.com
I wish you'd left the Boehner in your toilet.
Looking forward to the golden nuggets
What's the difference between a motel and a hotel?
What a busy day at the clinic.
Oh gosh, me too.
The spam is out of control in most places.
That.
Plus, get behind the avengers and promethius.
Yes I got lucky today no passenger Yea
Dudez.
Don't wait to get your sketchfest tickets!
They're almost gone!
Buy online  stage773.com
Thanks you sir!
yup, that would eat it up
A good book but I'm still not sure David Starkey is the best basis for that sort of exceptional leap in historical judgment.
Hey, I watched the trailer for your book.
Looks fun!
i dnt care what people have to say about me negatively, becuz i must be doing successful things in my life for them to hate.
:
painting on canvas for first time in about a year.
Today is my idgaf day...I deserve at least one every week so I'm playing that card today 
doctorve through my first car wash today :
Okay well im going to bed becu i have school so ill talk to you tmister..
RT RT : KP's innovation team tells Aneesh Chopra that mobility sol's in health will be as revolutionary as PC
..
thx eb ..
i'm excited ..
gonna be learning to swing dance!!
:
Soccer practice today :
Instead of sweats, try working out in cute tennis skirts.
Your legs will look a mile long!
Well, missing those opportunities in 1st half did us in.
thanks for the follow
follow me back
Instead of saying musician, I am gonna say melody architect from now on.
yeah that's exciting:!!
If a pig knows karate, does that make him a pork chop?
New Lil Wayne Album is
Hospitals most likely use social media for marketing, mainly because of regulations and malpractice liabilities
No sir..I doubt it
Just because I'm here for you all the time doesn't mean you can take me for granted.
Join us tonight for 1/2 Price Sandwiches  3 Well Cocktails  3 Goose Island 312 doctorfts.
Bring your pup in for a treat too!
I'm also digging that new professorle pic.
Very pensive.
This is music to our ears!
50 of the teachers who responded to our survey say they are saving over 2 hours a week because of LiveSchool.
don't worry bout me
I am so happy right now!
3
: 4 hours and we're still standing!
I think my favorite out of the 20 courses was the clambake
You're not a kind person.
Can't get into Brendan Burchard's SOLD OUT Experts Academy event in San Jose Sept 811?
I have one ticket at a massive discount.
Well....
Might have to postpone the wedding.
the elevator opens and I walk into my apartment this is my place!
Off to Thailand  Vietnam for bachelor party .
People, are you ready for us?
I know bro 
men are such dogs
: RT : Listen for my radio spots.
Hope that my vocal contribution brings happiness to the company  their fans!
Thank you very much!
Good!
i dont know why i just hate them !
haha
: If you don't fuck with Childish Gambino then you a lame I don't fuck dudes
good afternoon miss and sir, how r y'all this evening?
w00t to the new followers!
of course!
See you soon!
RT : we'll be there!
enjoy :
The entire world doesnt revolve around donkeys and elephants.
Andy Berg.
Great quote!
Lmfao its ridiculous!
Took exam that said 2 begin after reading all instructions.
The last instruction said you don't need to take the test and passed psych exam
On the set if new orleans pie
ur website, blog, Facebook page, and Twitter account should all reflect a highly knowledgeable, highly professorssional, trustworthy What does
Open up the content and monetize Later.
On the hill talking to the 112th Congress today.
Have you made your voice heard?
Call 18558773783 to
...still thinking abt something I heard last week is it the case that whatever we're doing, whatev is normative just gets called theory?
I THROW MY SPANISH IN THE AIRR SOMETIMES SAYIN AYOOOOOO, no comprendo!
Dudes in high heels not cool but my dj Ross young is!
woe i havent been on here in awhile it seems like i;ve missed everything
I have to admit, I'm a diehard Coca Cola fan too.
But I'll take Pepsi's 50k if I can get it!
:
I want to know exactly how you can make a kid stay in school until he/she graduates or turns 18.
Country music guys: Stop wearing the cowboy hats!
You look riduculous.
Seriously.
Glad you're safe and sound.
I felt good knowing you were in Nashville for a few days, though!
IDK WTH is on HBO but this show Cathouse:come to the party is the real deal ....
Congratulations to Gwen Johnson for receiving the MBA of the Year Award for the Milwaukee Chapter!
Next stop, Chicago.
Then on to the Buckeye State!
It's the same old story, love gets gory.
where have you been?
Does that boy have you chained in a closet or something?
Cool...thanks!!!
Feel like lent is here...why do you come by the Hawthorne BV and donate a 1 or more to the Muscular Dystropy Association!
I just want today and tomorrow to fly by so i can have my weekend with mike.
IG WAD LITERALLY LIME THIRTY SECONDS BUR U XNA
hmm, just wondering if you knew
That was an embarrassing topic to tweet rather than search for.
Looking for news on his Ryan flipflop.
the one a few weeks ago about social media.
North county family blames sheriff's dept.
for son's death Saturday at Vista jail; will pay for independent autopsy.
at least you won't be unemployed in Greenland!
it wasn't to bad getting into zionsville, but there was definitely traffic haha
You know how the old saying goes...FIrst they came for the cider, and I said it wasn't a craft beer...
I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas eve, as well as an awesome Christmas day!
cisummit most of the gains by an average fam in last 10yrs has been eaten up by health care costs
BWW JR: NEWSIES Still Fierce  Broadway World
it39;s not that bad!
I like it: however you now look as if you39;re a younger version of yourself:P
Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset.
retweet.
G.Union
Samuel!
Glad to have you here on InternPro!
CJ is starting tomorrow for the Angels not Jerome Williams, right?
If you are a native Spanish or French speaker and would be willing to translate the 27 strings in our Andoctorid app, please let me know!
Joined the Andoctorid world!
Really liking the HTC Incredible so far.
Niggas can be so full of it.
I will do anything to make my true love smile.
I love you 
Eating at the Okra Grill with Mom...doesn't get much more southern than this : yum!
Joshua 1:8  Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; meditate on it day  night...then you will be prosperous  successful.
cnt wait till 2nite.
Will B on the beach.
and both won a FREE opp day app.
Email me at and I will send it right over.
sounds like you need a decoder ringtone.
Working 17 at , come keep me company y'all.
Thanks man.
It was good times indeed.
Tonight will be just as epic.
Looking forward to seeing you perform
this summer , want to read the Patrick Melrose novels by Edward St Aubyn.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks!
RT Volunteer friends are the best
Da person dat sleep on da right side of da bed makes da most money.
Person on da left is da happiest...
So true
Finally....
Back home!
Looks very enticing!
even Better if they Preempt dancing w stars
Well played today my friend.
Thanks for jumping in!
RT : Always a great time with GameOn
I'm in a fuck you you filthy bitch kinda mood...!!!
ravioli filled with puree of cauliflower/roasted garlic/celeriac and some peas.
Topped with peas, favas  morels and asparaguspea cream
That seems logical, considering that's the usual number of parents to have.
That sounds so freaking awesome!!
The weed be lettin' you know...
evil lurks.
Are you ok?
Is the bike ok?
Did the LAPD arrive and inform you you weren't hit by a car?
Thanks for the RTs and see you guys on 5/21 for the content migration meetup w/ !
Stop saying crazy things.
Rondo is a very good point guard.
Nowhere close to the best in basketball.
she's cool.
Am I supposed to not?
Congrats to on his submission victory at ucmma yesterday, keep flying the predator flag!
Oussu!
Is it worth me asking what the score is anyone?
Definitely the 2nd one!
Oh good lord it's good to be off planes.
Hello Baltimore.
Bread, olive oil, balsamic.
Does it get any better?
Starting Strength is great bed reading.
50 pages just on deadlift form.
: Excellent job Kirk!
Hope you enjoyed!
Positive feedback from many listeners!!
: Thanks I had a grate time!
Yeah!
The neighborhood would totally welcome sand vb with Underdog.
The Inaugural Goose Hollow VB Bash.
Sounds nice you thing?
reminds me about growing up in Germany before bakeries became commercialized.
judas priest.
whatever you do, do NOT buy an hero.
worst phone ever in the history of telecommunications.
better off with cups  string
so close but so far uh oh!
Can't connect to user proxy server
Very close to being back in Milwaukee.
Very happy!
It's always nice to know you have nobody to go to in life.
Yay me!
Take that down.
babe it was a joke
I don't know, but when we do DEFINITELY bring a huge cup of Starbucks so the waitress yells at us.
Definitely.
Via and , the Rustie Essential Mix is indeed bonkers.
RT If you want me to list you in my Joe Jonas Lover List , I will pick 10 random people
I remember being nauseated by the canned pears in Hand Maid's Tale a hundoctord years ago.
Hideous view of dystopia.
I'm soo glad my boyfriend isn't hairy!
GM!
Thanks for RT!
Peace  Blessings...
1?
get a sitter?
Or don't come?
wow ur that cold?
LOL at people in school and I'm laying in bed.
Enjoying my day off
Fun!
Share when you're done please!
The pronunciation was right, just the spelling..
almost always C instead of Q in espanol.
:D
I also had a 2 year old assistant
IDK how i'm going to live through the next 3 weekends.
My body needs to step its game up.
Going out for a sunday doctorve with the family in 1955 Belair
Polar Bear Rodeo!!
Heck yes!
Roll pass my way I'll give you everything, just bring a usb or somn : Possible tonight y whats up?
thanks thats a huge help!
iPhone is goin dead 
Music is why I live!!
Thank you
ABoyfriendShouldAlways BE PROUD TO CLAIM U AND LET IT BE KNOWN WHO U R
i'm on the live webinar now...
will share the link once the archive is up.
Get ready to sound like you know what you're talking about, While You were Sleeping is up next..
Is alligator always chewy?
I tried it over the weekend and wasn't impressed :/
Black Hollywood Weekly w/ on !
We have HOT topics  a special viewer will WIN our Viewer of The Week Tune in 7pm/pt
Can say that my love for fashion, shopping, and creativity has been taken to a new height with the help of xo
If my realtor wrote me on Tuesday saying she'd call me tomorrow and now its Thursday and still nothing, when should I call her???
Bird wont even let me stay n da bed he tol me i cn slp at da H.O.R um no yall just gt baloo ass u aint finna get me
Done.
Check your inbox.
Coffee and a good book on the deck.
I love mornings in central OR.
ok you totally know me!!!
I try to live by that.
My man when are you coming back to Niagara Falls.
Best be soon
Im jealous!!
us too!
We get there frequently.
Enjoy!
Give a wink to for me ;
Thank you!
I make You Tube Videos.
Check it out!!!!!!!
Blood orange cider sounds good.
HAHA OMG I GET TO GO TO MY CABIN I CANT WAIT
I just wanna say I wish it was a common thing to walk around naked.
Today I worked with a little boy with Autism that could not see the difference between the colors black and white.
Any suggestions?
I am ss done
RT : Asbury Agile shirts were from Talk to them  great insight on their products/quality/etc.
Service
Absolutely loving the fans because of the StarWars Crew96 threads.
You all truly
Watchin the temptations and I'm about to make some waffles.....
An exhibition of Weegee photographs opens tomorrow at the White Box.
First Thursday 69 p.m.
bit.ly/bRHOTx
Leaders listen and make connections
Got them!.
Every girl out there is beautiful!
I'm serious!
Laugh your heart out!
It is good for you and it makes you feel good!
Acoustic show TONIGHT at w/  more!
Music starts  7:30
PBTC's Pay What You Can night is tonight!
If you've been yearning for some culture but are short on cash, see our oneact plays!
:
SandyBealesAsdaDeals trend it : x
Not one morsel has crossed my lips, I think it's time to eat.
Damn.
See what creativity does?
no im not.
I bet it did.
Doesn't matter now.
All up to you.
Good luck in SF.
RT : felt like an eternity.
oh I didn't mean it like that!
I'm not even home yet and my mom is trying to get rid of me!
when this thing kicks off it a guaranteed book deal haha.
Takes some convincing haha
Seriously, earth to the people that understand football...Who would you rather have over myself as Chief Offensive Genius of the Ravens?
dirtyjokethursday What is better than a cold Bud?
///
I can't help with the Provel at the moment, but I posted a thin crust pizza recipe on FB.
Tasty!
Recommended by Susan Metros: Lateral Thinking by Edward De Bono 1 of 3
love that!
Reminds me of the Tast DLite loyalty program.
Simple, easy  effective.
I'm not a breakfast eater but you can't go wrong with a soup and sandwich lol
actually its more of a spanglist...
half english half spanish...
haha
doctorvein Theatre
Facebook needs a doctorma of the day section in my news feed.
Creating estimates and marketing, marketing, marketing
broke out my new 30 parka.
got mustard on it.
Some  Occupy Madison site talked of moving to vacant lot on S Park St if evicted today.
That lot is fenced, barricaded w no trsps signs
Thanks!
Have a wonderful day!
ready to hear it.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
So close.
Then they became Tom Hayden, Robert Scheer,and Chris Hedges instead.
Or worse.
Quan.
:P
.
I've long thought calling it marriage is disrespectful to agnostics and atheists.
It should have another name.
nothing says the home state like the giant phallic symbol as you cross the state line.
Please tell Whip NEVER to compare Kerry Wood to Scottie Pippen in ANYWAY!!!
Shame on Whip!
...
and speaking of freefall what the heck happened at the Code Enforcement meeting today?
not sure about greatest, but it's pretty awesome.
My neighborhood smells like Jolly Ranchers tonight.
I picked a great night to go on a long walk.
The Warriors will end up in SF someday.
Ed Lee's just being a politician.
iCloud is completely messing me up with my google integration...
Im wondering if I need google stuff anymore!
But I love it..
Some people create their own storms, then get upset when it rains!
Somewhere in the middle.
Seemed like they tried a little too hard to push the envelope.
anyone want to cuddle?
:P
did u call karen?
The signed for another 2 years.
I wonder whose reign will last longer  Castro or David Letterman?
Michael O'Malley just announced a new journal for short and interactive publications: American History Now.
so much work!!
no time for anything fund these days.
thank you :
Congratulations for winning 3rd Place in the stroller category for the 2011 Parenting Awards!
Thanks for voting!
Ha!
Sorry Brookman, I luv ya, but the Packers are on FIRAH!!!
GO PACK GO!!
haha I hate you!
I shoulda deleted that when I had the chance!
quit doing rails on school nights.
Will do, knew something was a little suspicious.
You shouldn't keep things from me.
That's annoying.
Thanks so much!
Hugs back!
:
Bout ready to go eat dinner!!
Indigo Tree Publishing recognizes that the China market is the new frontier and, arguably, perhaps even the future of books and publishing.
Check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30.
Call 7704457713 or post on our Facebook wall.
Please retweet: go to chamillionaire.com and download Major Pain 1.5 real fire plus it's free !
I'd rather be normal for sure!
Dude was flirting with my baby  I had to warned him, if he continued...
he'd have to come home with us to take care of us both.
He stopped.
If you are an emotional eater, then seek out techniques to help control the tendency to reach for food when youre feeling blue.
Getting excited for tonights meeting with !
Learn how to Brand Yourself at 7 in CMU 126!
See you there!
Where's Pedoctor Noguera?
I can give you a sixword formula for success: Think things through then follow through.
Edward Rickenbacker
you're a minority
After a fabulous time in Quebec City and amazing night at Domaine La Guadelupe we are back in the states and traveling home.
Pics soon...
ThatHeartBreakingMoment when you realize it's never going to be the same between you and your ex that you still love.
Hudson is hysterical on the weekends
you're welcome!
:
Did you mean: other yucky things
I like sliders
you do realize how many snarky responses this should engender?
Granted, Tom was trying to eat Jerry.
But all Jerry had to do was move out.
Didn't they live in California?
Not like it was cold outside.
Let's go Blue!
I want a phone to ring and to not know who is calling until I pick it up
No worries.
I am an official book club delinquent, so there's that.
:
Harden needs to snap!
: Sky is the limit.
But what about space???
the sky never ends so there is no limit
which city is it in?
And are you there promoting your comic and they aren't paying you?
yeah, I was just about to reply that it updated.
Now that you deleted, my fork is no longer a fork
Thanks for al the follows everyone!
just ask for a follow back 
I failed to show up again...long night last night.
Make sure to update me with quotes :
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up,Time to put my life back together right now
Breaking: Tom Shadyac to shoot Zed Almighty starring Bobcat Goldthwait in stereoscopic 3d simultaneously with Bruce Almighty sequel.
This feels weird.
Its like I am just going through the motions.
I hate this feeling.
listening to your new album, LOVE IT!
So powerful and inspiring; thank u 4 helping me 2 focus on what's really important!
:
I miss my bestfriend from my old neighborhood !
I hope me  him get to hang out today!!
MT : Fun during work is a must.
Group lunches, taking time to celebrate successes, small ways to prevent burnout
Will the Merc replace you?
Grrr...
will be away for as well as
Happy hour is right around the corner!!!
Come down to the firestonedistrict and see what's going on  !
Selfmade
It's not very often that positive stats  the Pittsburgh Pirates are used in the same sentence.
Good look!
I would appreciate it if you followed me without calling me out my name PLEASE...
working out which bar to sponsor at GDC...
any ideas please?
!!
RT : Either a chatbot has fooled every judge in the Turing test at the Loebner Prize, or the organiser has made an error.
Goodbye my looooooovvvveeee
I know, The WTF was directed to the Paul Troll LoL
Thanks!
Yeah my mom has no faith in people who Tweetie stuff!
This is a repeat of wonky canda!!
Colleague told me to apply to a conf.
I might not be able to afford to travel to, noting that I could always decline and put it on my CV.
These days you can't pay nobody to be Real.
haha you're awesome.
I KNOW.
i do wanna meet you too!
it will happen someday.
this video made me realize something..
ugghhh
Congrats on winning a copy of THE BLOOD LIE!
DM me an addoctorss and I'll ship the book out to you..
Thx!
Elena
I'm....
That will be TBA lmao lilac and burnt orange could work............
Just did some analytics of our customer data using Spotted some new trends selfservicebi Do you use the software you sell?
true true that im sure ur 100 ..it ll never chance doe..maybe the bullying mite stop but the acceptance wont
2012 Green Bay Packers doctorft Picks: Fans Reaction
It definitely is.
I have conversations with nonprofessort people all the time about how foreign having adequate funding seems.
We lost 3 students in a car crash in New Zealand yesterday.
If that funkytown debate sketch went on for an hour I'd have stuck with it.
Wonderfully silly.
When you're feeling down, look around and see how far you've come and smile knowing you did your best.
setting up for my presentation CORPORATE EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
No you may not make out with my friend but yes pay for my doctornks all night long
hey buddy
So i watchd cyberbully such a good movie made me cry!
We shld totally play laser tag.
Shout out and for the impromptu twitter lesson.
All set to tweet about tedxusc 2012
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Biggest Stories Online?
and when you watch the match and listen to the cometary there isn't an ounce of sexuality implied ....
cosmotology isn't a degree and neither is McDonald's hamburger university.
Ready for tonight's concert in a couple of hours at Bulverde.lets go out there and get it rocking.i am in the mooddzago chatsama
you'll find chasing the sun.
YES MT If Philadelphia A's wear throwbacks, shouldn't Bob Melvin manage the game in a 3piece suit  straw hat?
I just saw a commercial for Missing, in which Ashley Judd is NOT WEARING A FLOPPY HAT!
is at the lawac event to speak on socent !
So excited to be here along w/ excited !
so cool!
A university is a college with a stadium seating over 40,000
Get me out of Kansas.
No disrespect, just need to see things again.
Anything.
I just came across your blog  such a great resource for introverts!
Have u covered networking for introverts?
RT 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope, and Johnny Cash.
Now we have no Jobs, no Hope, and no Cash.
...the success that GOD has invested into you, is one of his Greatest interest
RT : Thank you and Jay Strack for sharing tonight
I feel great today!!
Good, good choice on your first visit.
Thanks so much for making your way here!
Just finished up with the leadership institute at ACA MidStatesConf An awesome morning of discussions.
not sure why it still said cnb tonight but we're certainly home and not playing tonight haha.
just plottin.
Last day at PFSWeb sad but enjoyable!
Panera date with yes :
Ohs I see.
It's also called Million Dollar Lake 'cause a bunch of rich older people live hurrr.
Get your shit straight...
and you're set.
What time tonight, sir!?
Wow Top 5 nomination  brilliant, going on my CV  Fingers crossed and thx for the RT
lmao I already have son!
But yeah ima go visit a few girls
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
If you cant laugh at yourselfDont worry!
I do it for you ;D
is any celebrity or friend or one of my followers that is in St.Tropez cause I am, I am hanging around next to the V.I.P room of St.Tropez
Learning is active; something professorssionals do  lifelong, development passive, done to professorssionals
support the idea that everyone should play each event in so many years to support sponsors
FUCK YOU TWITTER!!!
ALL DELAYED AND SHIT!
Having Supper at the Old Fashion!
one of my favorite quotes  its my email tag.
Coming Soon sign coming soon.
David
Good times at North Allegheny HS during our workshop this afternoon.
Nf thanks for the Follow!
I'm honored.
GOD bless!
HELP, Still on the quest to fight a foundation that does not look pink/red/ orange on me in the sun FYI I have gold/brown undertones ideas??
I wanna grow old; still be with the person i fell in love with; married:/3
Can't wait to watch teen hoot tonight 21 :
What up
had a good run.
They hit for some 4's and 8's that got us down early but we kept pretty good pace shot for shot
Hey DM me your number...I gotta tell you something
Hot girl on the El, and she's reading Harry Potter?
Me think I'm in love.
GOsh, everyone in my timeline, adores you.
AMEN!
; lool
You're welcome!
Excited to see more of your work.
Congratz!
RT : Thanks so much!
Now an older man that I'm attracted to...
That's a different story.
Lol
Wondering if I should feel like a nerd for loving Wiffleball so much?
RT : thx for the RTs of the travel insurance...
Is there any other type?
Feeling down now that MCA has passed.
Thank you all who auditioned yesterday.
It was a great turnout and we look forward to contacting those who we will be moving forward with!
RT : One Less Car in SF  Just took another step towards BetterWork  got rid of the wheels  looking frwd 2 setting up...
Music is a Mission, Not a competition
I've never done that!
Ouch!
Seen Blake Griffin dunking over car commercial?
That's some preplanning in DunkContest.
That's exactly whats wrong with
BlackBoyProblems can't get a cab at night
wanna be my StuddyBuddy 
Congrats to Lville...
sometimes a team just has your number.
Kinda like we have w/ Lville Basketball.
Xianity140: AdamEve hungry so wesinners.
JC diedoctorse so wesaved.
Is God3in1/Bible true/Kingdom coming/Pope Catholic?
Believe/Love!
Ahh!
Hello Everyone, Come out Thursday night Feb 2, and join me in concert unplugged.
click on my events for more detail.
sad day
Tonight's renoaces pressboxfood update: the Spicy Pickle.
Thanks Diaspora' for sharing the trailer of our film in your community!
hahaha, thats funny!
: i would totally say something like that.
A lot of my friends dont like him : it makes me sad
Somebody need to shut this nerd up
RT : Looking forward to tonight!
See u there
Come see me tonight 4pm FREE Wine Tasting 1441 E Russell Milwaukee!
Under 50?
You have been robbed by liberal boomers via lavish US deficits.
Stop US nanny state spending.
Obama has no plan.
Throw him out!
omg u sound like a commercial lol
Don't know who is?
You're stupid and need to go check them out now.
You no longer need a security escort to reach the GT Archives.
Just enter through the front door btw Crosland Tower  the Hinman Bldg.
No sellout yet, tickets still remain but have really moved the last 2 weeks.
Going to be a great game with a great crowd!
heartbreaking!
We need a T Martin FOUNDATION!!!
to work to stop this from recurring
Thanks for having me!
Much enjoy : Hi Curt  thnks for coming by
WTF, its Thursday already
It annoys me so much how often my brother lies to my parents and they ALWAYS BELIEVE HIM.
Hes such a dick too
love your site!
pure awesome.
Man, Gary Carter dies of a brain tumor?
Still remember him being one of those players I always liked.
Need more like him.
when does your phone turn back on womaaaannn?
This truth serum thing...
:
it was a basic callback service.
Twilio API is simple
rolls spike strips across Mopac
Uptown Dallas on the up swing with Perry's Steakhouse on McKinney Ave.
opening in April.
I think that's okay, since Yoga X isn't as intense.
As long as you felt comfortable with it, I think it's healthy!
Hell yeah.
Stay busy!
Joe Matson of just pulled out a line from Gilbert and Sullivan's Ruddigore.
This is why we're the premiere sound studies group.
1 RT A wheat stalk contains 50X more gluten today than 50yrs ago!
Good thing there's gluten free Naked Pizza
Grrrrrroooovin to that nudisco house groove by
please kill me I am giving you permission
Huge props to Ron on this presentation on Natural UI  he keeps thinking he's blowing thru, but he's nailing it  contagious passion
I miss Bennigan's in ABQ.
Used to get an awesome Monte Cristo Sandwich there and really good BeerBattered Fish and Chips.
I'd LOVE that!
dinner sounds great on me do'nt u think
You can't go wrong with NYC gear.
It's like dinosaurs, aliens  monkeys, No copyrights.
omg my birth day is in the 16
HoodFebreezeScents baby mama doctorma
I dont wanna take a English final, I'd prefer a project.
.
.
Getting ready for some hockey with
Did you KNOW that public WiFi spots are seriously hazardous to your security?
NOT a problem if you have :
It makes sense to figure out what is under your control and focus on that.
Right?
TRAFFIC  RR Arms down on Packers near International
RT : no but just got brand new bonavita brewer.
Love it
YES!
It is!
It's all happening!
Id live off the grid for a year in another country, ive also wanted to attend the burning man festival too
Guess who's coming to tomorrow for Moscow Wednesdays?
This shit hot rock band here.
i know it will be 3 just throw ya headphones on and leave the world in the dust
Clarksburg WV residents  Sat Sept 4  3:15pm Main Stage performance at the WVIHF Make it our biggest crowd ever!
Feature film I was producing last year is back up and running.
Yeah.
So are several other projects.
Summer looks busy.
This coffee is kind of dark, and did you notice the grains on the side??
I will have to take a few sips...yikes.
oh wow so where are you from?
:
ICantStandPeople that make jokes about the deceased.
Like seriously..
Um who's going to defend them
I mean like, how many of us are going to even get a chance to climb Mt.
Everest ???
Is this your 3rd checkin?
Hope u can redeem our 4sq offer!
RT : I'm at The Tilted Kilt
Maybe it didn't pass our budget criteria.
We're brining the biggest contingent yet.
good morning!!
It's gonna be a gorgeous warm sunny day here in Texas!!
I'll send ya some sunshine!
lol
Rick Ross grunt rite now....
Y'all know.
Sing along.
Put on your fav Ross song...
Wow, so many new followers to welcome!!
Thanks for the support :
If just once .xls wouldn't do me wrong when exporting data...
can't wait to see with you tonight!!
let's sneak back stage!
;
ALL of the things that go down in the church and our community is the one that's constantly marginalized.
Today I choose to remember all the wonderful things Joe Paterno did for people while he was here.
Rest in Peace, Joe.
Superbowl party!!
:D
i have a feeling this box will hit a wall on turn 4.
On the way home
Brewers fans, stir up some great memories by sharing ur favorite
Happy halftau day.
Tonight's frisbee game though 
RT : How's this, ?
Efficient policy interventions for an endogenous world.
My 6yr old wants to know when you will allow McDonalds to ditch the apples and bring back the fries in his Happy Meal
1othingsaboutme; 5.
My Idol is Katy Perry:
followed!
follow back?
Awesome work by all of tonight's dancers including , , ,  !!
Can't wait to do it again :
yes I have I love the song that one and anywhere but here are great songs
: This wind is trying to fight..
I see you dawg.
iseeyou
No more microwave for me!
Never again!!
We're celebrating winewednesday, too, with 10 off all bottles, every Wed.
RT : The Celtics!
The Spurs!
It's the NBA Finals on AB...Hey!
Where are you going?!
Joe, the harpooser, an enormous 6footer with a battered ugly face enters from right.
ILE
Please do.21
It's confusing, certainly!
Perhaps there's still inclusion work to be done...
;
I hate opening my closet doors!
Gotta pack this shit up tonight ughh.
what happen to the list you was suppose to be doing for me?
boot camp diet?
Waiting, and waiting and waiting.....
Just doctorve by Arlington National Cemetery and saw a touching sight  all of the gravestones had a small Christmas wreath laid before it...
Oh yes.
Best Whiteland Baseball Player Award goes to :
ha there's nothing better then planet earth!
Especially when monkeys are on, I might have to go put the DVD in
Just bought my tickets for at the Hollywood Bowl!!!
Can't wait!
I love community o man
What should I have for breakfest this morning Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, Pops, or an Apple?
Only about 2 of smokers take advantage of phone counseling to get help quitting.
We must improve the engagement rate
NatinalBestFreindDay and and of course :
We know it's NOT crying, doctornk texting, or tweeting!
It's used 2003 Lexus RX300.
Bought it from the same family we got our dog from LOL.
Bleh the internet hates me.
What is it?
let's go down town Friday I got the mula
Realizing I need more single friends or I need to give up my doctorams of traveling.
Seen in the crowd Saturday night...Penny Marshall giving Vince a thumbs up...will Cindy Williams be next?
Laverne and Shirley...
I recommend some polish dessert.
Welcome!
What's your goto Milwaukee restaurant?
A site like artshumanities.net as a case study?
ABDC7 starts today
Great to meet you as well!
Hope to see you next week...
How many times does Nate McLouth have to hit before coaches and management catch on that he is done.
Even his biggest fans know this now.
Everyone text: 6788364415 and figure out who it is.
Time for a day of recording!
Can't wait to share our tunes with you folks
SOME GIRL IS SINGING BOYFRIEND .
forgot to mention she slept with two of my assailants...
one less than a week before
I'm a Hobbit friend too.
They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
Girls are so damn evil..!
its2hot4that having the heating on full blast in the middle of summer
RT : Lots of discussion about  big theaters' responsibility to diversity.
Started  3pm EDT, join in w/
does anyone know how can i put a gif as my icon?????
help me :
I'm so nervous for my interview tomorrow D:
Wow!
He must have been eating his Wheaties.
Kid couldn't get ball out of infield in Padoctors system
Remember.
Don't sell yourself short.
I love my job though.
Love this.
Wish I had a helper at my house!
:
I was supposed to be at THAT game.
Unfortunately, I couldn't go to the make up game.
this weekend!
Sign up now!
yeah yeah yeah.
OMG TEACH EVE HOW TO SAY THAT
Keep it up
GRAND OPENING!!
1/2 off waterbike rides, FREE hot dogs, doctornks and 25 off food and doctornks at Khoury's Restaurant!
Come eat and check us out
alright thanks!
I hope I can be in it or get to!
Huge fan of you all!
TURN IT UP!!
Dude thats what I'm about to do
Rep.
Brown  echo of
Thank you and for the RT!
Thank you to everyone who participated in Careers in Service to Others Week!
Stay tuned for information on our Marketing/PR Week in March!
Let's all just go F some food real hard and not be ladylike about it
sounds like a plan
Miss you Dodger Stadium!
I'm glad to see BeastMode holdin' it down for us this year!
LA is the place.
Were ready !
: RT : getting it done this month.
be ready guys!
Dumb ppl think you can be buy me off by cookies and cakes, really?
That was probably poison, I gave it to the other ppl who work there.
I like Post's idea that it was a failure of Roman administrative law due to unrestrained discretion.
Childhood stress can affect your health later in life.
Teach your childoctorn to breathe!
happy house at the mall torta :!
Nappy Mcnap.
Then school work all evening.
HUGE GOAL!!
Good observation.
Wondered that too.
Awkward: any guy that receives a signed Jeter baseball gift from his girlfriend this Christmas.
Brian Noe ESPN 104.5 radio
Enjoyed the concerts, I love sully 3
yes we are lol!
can't wait to fuck with it too.
Hope to get before summers is over.
Happy Friday Friends!
Thanks for all your help to make this the best organization that it can be!
Are you saying you're in favor of Instagram's iOS first then Andoctorid model, or are you advocating iOS only?
I did
When will the meteor shower start????
Red Cat Red Cat is not an aphrodisiac.
It WILL get you in the sack...especially if you doctornk a bottle of it.
But only to pass out.
The big book launch for our Diane Morlan's second cozy mystery SHAKE DOWN DEAD is tomorrow at 4 pm at Kishwaukee Community College!
Woohoo!
Excited to work w/ : RT : Excellent meeting you!
Excited to partner with you, too.
More info to follow
QuickGifts will be giving away another 50 Dibbs card to a lucky winner.
Like and share our page to win!
seriously tho, I feel like i can relate sometimes haha
When 1st read ur tweet mind said roiddude.Really piqued my interest in what talk was about.Figured it out sec later
I will pay for that one.
Why do I feel the need to be a devious prankster?
oh its ok
if you come to my work I can give it to you.
should I fill anything out for anything to highlight?
haha.
I don't know.
I don't think it's called that though.
Lol
I'll be tuning in for sure!
Thanks for giving me the time difference....hate figuring that out.
:
For RT: What is a friend?
A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Aristotle
I'm sure your colleague will be thrilled by your hard work on tenure decision.
Well, unless that was an April Fool's joke.
Today is looking up.
I have an after work breeding session planned for my ass.
Curtis, you simply couldn't be grander, son.
me:Oh no, this car is 4 feet tall, we're not gonna clear that overpass...
him:Omg really?
thebestfeelinginarelationship feeling smarter
wins SanDiego Imperial Chapter award for their contribution to publicworks for the Tie Line 650 Underground project!
Thanks so much!
Have a great night.
RT GET.
ON.
THE.
SPORTING.
FREIGHT.
TRAIN.
In other words, while many titles included are in French, some are also in English.
Listening to DaveMatthews while synthesizing my paper.
Sometimes I forget how awesome he is  can't believe that I do!
I had a cassette from The Karate Kid 2....best.
cassette.
ever.
Love me some Peter Cetera.
good it's hot.
Badgers got Danny O'Brien from Maryland, 2nd transfer QB from the ACC in 2 years.
Yesterday, they had only 2 healthy QBs.
yeah they make me want to sleep earlier and watch bad movies.
got another review that says For Nothing reads like a movie
Guess what...
our parents won't need to match any donations.
Ack!
Two of my favorite product lines!
Trader Joe's  Morning Star!
A good night's sleep always feels so great.
When you awake, you've got exercise energy to create!
Day 4 question: is it the cleanse?
or is it food poisoning?
Happy birthday to you!
Yo that fire!
Big Spliff  Spitting Flames
Individuals Polled On quot;Do You Think Blog Commenting is Still Effective in 2012?quot;
Singapore bars opposition politician from leaving  Yahoo!
Singapore News
Smiling at you doesn't mean I want to have sex with you.
Smiling at you  saying I want to have sex with you, does.
thanks for the continued support and shout outs.
We really really appreciate it!
OH MY GOD YES LIKE EVERYTHING IS FUNNY WHEN HE'S doctorNK
Dave Grohl.
You are the man.
Right on brother.
Stalley on top
I was late too hope coffee isn't too stale
Art is an intrinsic part of science.
Walker
I seen you rocking this watch at the cavs game last week.
It's all black with diamonds on the crown.
What the name of it ?
I need a skirt, and my mom won't take me!!
Just great!
Hahahahaha : anyone down to see the 11:30 showing of 'Inception' tonight?
And they already have an audience of almost 10,000 followers.
RT : Wow...I'm surprised that is just now getting on Twitter.
would someone get mad if I spanked you?
Would someone get mad if I ripped your dick off?
Congrats!
Looking forward to working with the esteemed doctor Croxall again.
Prepping for table read MON!!
Can't wait for y'all to see it.
May get some BTS for your viewing pleasure!
Roses are Red Derrick is too.
Pease let me go to my first Bulls game with my girlfriend and you!
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT  RAPE: GENITAL INJURIES  ...
Any tips for managing the OSX Downloads folder?
I'm watching Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday.
Clay Aiken is the project manager.
If his team wins, The National Inclusion Project gets money!
Booked for more shooting of oddthomas gonna be a long day tomorrow
Nikki Rudd is at the arrest scene.
I'm headed to Tops.
Moral?
U can run with long crab legs but u can't run from the long arms of the law.
Saying dude.
before you say something important.
I never thought approving jockstraps and steel balls would be a part of my job description!

Aww poor Princess James misses another end of game shot!
misterNonclutch
Remember its Spring forward time change your clocks, and replace the batteries in your smoke alarms this weekend.
CITIZENS: Peace, ho!
let us hear him.
Dang, 250 in Mega Millions tickets.
I want my money back!!!
why shucks I hope nobody won
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try.
Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die
RT : WI Union Chant: Governor Walker is a jerk!
Give us our paycheck even though we won't work!
Happy Birthday to Have a great day!
Keep the nice weather coming, too!
Hey guys join me  noon on 790 the ticket.
30 min show before the Marlins game.
In honor of lots of MVP talk.
Thats typical New England weather.
I feel your pain.
please please please do :
Happy Mardi Gras...wishing I was there
Schools gunna suck tomorrow
Forget Selena.
Forget Justin.
Forget Jelena.
Turn your iPod and listen to his music.
Appreciate it.
Not him.
His music.
Call me later when you get home!
Art Is My Passion !
:
It's Wild Card Wednesday!
Come cheer on the Red Sox, Rays, Cardinals, or Braves!
Only 2 teams can move on, who's it gonna be?
No John Sterling who does the radio always says that's a TEXT MESSAGE when Mark hits a homer.
That's why I use it.
RT I doctorpped out of a SUNY school looking for a good journalism school in SoCal, and SDSU had one.
Still does.
You totally made my night by following me!
Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
XOXO Ciao Bella!
Catch up fast, the tweets are live!
Thanks for dining with us and checking in.
Hopefully you did the Yelp check in for a free glass of wine!
I'm just hittin my pinnacle you and pussy identical you like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
Hi to all of my 549 followers : loves you tweethearts 3
I'll be in the mix again tonight  The Hangar!
doctornk specials all night!
is a real dude!
Now that is how you react to a cheap shot head butt!
Happy mother's day RVA !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
:D
Chillin' out awhile before bed.
The happiest people dont have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.
I have a line on a buyer ...
we're tracking her down ...
will stay in touch today.
Talked 2 Wolf and Narwhalz yesterday on the 2G.
nope but I wish we could.
lol ...
its been so long I forgot how to tie a tie ...
diydays UI design for 1 Laptop Per Child: organized around metaphor of network of childoctorn rather than documents/office desk.
are you showing Red State don't see it in the program.
KU might not do this, but still a huge effort.
Have you found out the name of WingIt Productions' mascot?
Just one of the easy challenges of the scavenger hunt at the b2bexpo!
Do you know of any types of Lilies that don't require a lot of sunlight?
finally!?
Your man card just lost a couple points...
That's cool, we can keep playing this game.
I've found that inhouse gigs almost always require that I wear more hats  where an agency looks more for onehat specialists
Question from my boss that caught me totally off guard: Have you used the urinal today?
Ok, still looking at what can treat it.
Like over the counter.
Do they not have anything RX to treat or she wants 2 do this?
Sitting around a camp fire, eating smores  icecream  then a movie later, all with my family
WARNING: Objects in mirror are fatter than they appear.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down.
Everybody's watching, to see the fall out.
Even when you're sleeping, keep your eyes open.
ME TOO3 ahww well goodnight sweetdoctorams : p.s.
I love saying boo : twinziez haha.
Food tip: Anything milk can do, half  half can do better!
Cook it creamy!
Superbowl or Puppybowl...what will you be watching?
I'm sure it's a reflection of my immaturity but i HATE when a larger entity tells me what to do...I almost always tell them
I'm shocked that no one offered to kiss your bruise and make it better!
If I was in LA I would.
With all these secret Super PAC's giving millions to candidates ....why are these tax free?
TAX SUPER PAC's !!
Hey Emily, asked me to contact you about my new project called cellhelmet.
We are at ctia.
Love to meet up if possible.
Thanks, I will!
LA Dodgers in town staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City in Arlington, VA
Just got giftcard spam via Twitter.
'Tis the season?
I consider myself a VERY strong person.
To go through the stuff i been through, but still make it out even stronger  be happy is amazing!!
Happy Valentine's Day  I got peanut butter in my chocolate.
My fam gave me Reese's!!!
da fuk you mean you aint got my money yet mafugga  samuel l jackson voice
obsessively listening to for 
Facebook follow me if your a high roller in Mafia Wars.
I play everyday!!
Jolene Thornal
Twitter is abuzz today, whats the story with some update...
seeking info
Hansel, he's so hot right now!
Be sure to also follow fellow Buck Ersan Ilyasova playing for Turkey.
He's been a BEAST so far!
luv u too im on my way home
WHERE IS FEDEX AND WHEREIS MY PHONE!!!!!
:
Hello to all.
We'll be placing an order soon!
Can't wait to try the new ones!
trying to contact you re a song u did with my client.
pls see my friend request on facebook.
better keep yourself clean and bright, you are the window through which you see your world.
I'm loving these unlimited data commercials!
Don't forget that the 1st 100 ppl 's Education Fiesta tom get FREE shirts  entrance to the home soccer games!
I was too busy reminiscing.
But I'll be out in another 2 minutes haha
I haven't found a good use for it yet, but maybe I'm not their target demo?
Preparing for my last ALA Executive Board conference call.
I like to pair chocolate with whiskey
Been waiting for you.
You were just enjoying the scenery on the way!
; 
i already know they aren't gonna tweet me....
bahahah
Def wear the glasses
Hi TJ!
Do you go by your initials or is that your your twitter handle du jour: Welcome aboard TeamNimble !
I feel so uncomfortable in school its not even funny i hate that place i feel so damn judged there :
Thanks for the fav
Watching Heat vs.
Sixers followed by Knicks vs.
Celtics.
EPIC comeback by Blazers yesterday!
Love it!
imma miss you my dude
Happy to join you on Twitter and to be a part of your magazine!
ImagineMahone you and Austin having a snow ball fight he hits you on the side of your face by accident he rushes over and kisses it better
I can't seem to multitask.
Brewers have 100 of my attention.
A real friend in time of need.
Yes 3333 Haha my name is Ellie, 16 turning 17 this May, from Portland Oregon but Seattle is like my second home :
This is a long case
National Grilled Cheese Day ..., really?
Just like his mama smart boy!
That looks fantastic!!!!
M
: Great presentation at TechInMotionPhilly from !
I love when your cold and put your clothes in the doctorer and put them back on.
Knock it out if the park Miss Broadcaster!
ThingsGhettoPeopleDo: rob hardworking people of their hard earned money aka ridiculous taxes I have to pay to support them n their babies
I really wish I had the energy to straighten my hair.
Graduation practice :D
I an pretty sure that UMD has something against English speaking TAs
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
Can't wait till Mitt  KarlRove superpac start hitting obama2012  clooney for raising too much .
p2 It's the hypocrisy, stupid.
Can i possibly be in love with being me as a famous singer songwriter for a very long time or can i just be me as a crime scene investigator
HotInSantaFe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
So there's this boy.
And he thinks i'm beautiful.
And i think he's amazing.
good luck in the sprints cup season hope you do good i will have my eyes on you timmy
I don't feel good!!!
Ugh
Watching the Pens.
One more game, right now.
OCTOBER 14!!!dances
Still got love for I would've took that shot too.
Tough shot.
Get them in game 3 at Staples.
Protect your house!
To quote one of the local jazz dj be good to yourself and buy Esperanza Spalding Radio Music Society cd.
Talk about hot; this is it!!
Dude, I've got my best of the best science fiction short stories out and ready to go!
Must.
Be.
Prepared.
Hermain Cain a Black White Supremist you be the Judge The Real Tea Party  GOP Agenda Put a Black Face to their Beliefs
Do I watch Hobo with a Shotgun or 13 Assassins?
They're both on Netflix Instant...
how did that remind you of me?!?
Awesome news.
Congratulations, Tim.
Now Obama Administration is preventing Christian prayers at funerals of soldiers killed in action.
Just WRONG.
I find your take on the addition of Mizzou interestingand a little full of it.
yes, they went down, but damn.
Foxy's in Port Washington tonight !!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Anytime cupcake
Hey checked out the truck recently.
Loved it.
Ever consider a marketing video?
We make them and are based in SF.
I have never been so stoned in my life.
I can't keep my eyes open, can't talk, take forever to type, can't walk.
But still feeling good :
I thought you should know I ate the last Oreo Funstick.
Did you get out of that meeting yet?
I was full of doubts and you believed
Text me
Go Patriots!!!
Never your knowledge of the devine outer planetary truths w/in our solar system are only matched by your physics club cred
YAY JUST DON'T PISS ME OFF
I would support you if you decide to blackout all day
Pizza.
Not, I wish.
Why one career teacher, alifelong Democrat, hates the recall campaign against Scott Walker.
California lessons learned.
More tonight in WR
is that true thou :b just being curiousgeorge lol
All those pregnant women!
blackbabynames trend is racist
which space is that?
Very nice.
: Jurors: Balfour guilty on all counts in killings of JenniferHudson mother, brother, nephew  justice is served
lol idk..
I might get sick of doctorwing soon but hey it's been a year so that's a good sign!
Can it just be summer break already...
please.
Thank you!
Sunny San Diego is not so sunny right now!
Visit me anytime here!
:
i hate this fricken weather fog is no good when you're doctorving 
Tip 86: In order to become better at poker we MUST continue to grow our minds.
Play thinking games other than poker.
free the squares!
maybe we'll set up a call soon :
thanks for the shout out!
GigoftheDay for Friday, April 27  An Evening of Jazz Blue Springs High School PAC, 8:00 pm
did you pay for streaming access?
Happy Labor Day to all of our Facebook fans!
is that why you yell, Oh God!
Oh God!?
Is it true you and Demi have  thing  ?
That was surely a game to remember!
Its raining but is bringing greece to the red carpet!Goddess inspired hair,asymmetrical doctorss,clean makeup w/ lashes that pop
I know right!
We have to give our best.
Ever!
If you know you can't be with someone and you care for them,let them go
Yeah, sounds good to me.
I'm not doing anything so I don't see why not, I haven't seen you in such a long time.
pdaebook short term loan is the key to cost control  Way
It should be around 1:30.
Call ahead if you are getting in late.
Kitchen is open until 1 am.
I've been at work an hour and a half and I feel like killing someone.
Maybe will be a dear and let me vent!
YOU GOOD MA!!!
LOL
I'll trade my first born child for tickets to Austin show.
Any takers?
it's fine.
It ticks me off to, but I just don't think it's right to post that kinda stuff where anyone at school could see it.
If your sorry say so.
If your wrong admit it!
Free yourself!
we'll be there for 10th anniversary tomorrow!
Yummers.
yeah u bird go eat some bread crumbs u stupid hoe
I'm planning on it.
:
Shooting 2 Promos this weekend FEAR and PAIN!
:
Fringe : I'm looking for Alexandoctor Daigle and Bobby Sanguinetti to have huge games tonight in an alternate universe.
Thanks for the sweet review and hot shots!
awww have fun lucie get a nice bronze for me
So excited to FHBO tomorrow
Almost done ..
Almost done
Needed to use oldschool command line FTP today.
Whoa, those neurons hadn't fired in a while.
Shoutout to thanks for the
Free Blog Site tend to look cheap.
What would be another way to establish an online coaching location or forum?
Right!!
RT : hell yea illest bitch alive.
like wth wale is this supposed 2b an inspiring song?
two more hours til new years !
2012:
well thank the lord you tweets are on privet so no one can see this
it's 5 o clock somewhere!?
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL uh uh she's about to be unfollowed
yea what's wrong w/ the files ?
Just took a bus from Ellis Island to New Jersey.
I didn't realize that was possible.
do i still have to take my boots off at the airport?
Jeff, I'm concerned you've gone soft ever since I left.
Was I the source of your angst?
Need to get FUCKED up soon.
Aren't you glad you read that three page NYT piece on Apple this weekend?
Lemme take my ass to TESSA!!
I hate mondays
Just got some cool boys iron man underwear from superfan.
My son is going to get a kick out of them.
Lmao!
I concur!
I so get that...happy to help!
my moms a new fan of yours.
Lol, she loves you.
Nadink Kozak joins UWMilwaukee School of Information Studies as 20112012 Postdoctoral Fellow in Information Policy
I love hanging out with you too!: today is Sunday!!
I'm already nervous!!
Glenbard libraries to allocate half of acquisition budget to Overdoctorve.
Working again today, they are going to have clean windows, do you?
I'm actually gonna party in a bit.
Sleep over at house you down?
Haha
Men can not be raped by women and if they say that they did...they are not men.
Who goes and gets piercings and tattoos with their parents...I know I wouldn't!
YouKnowYouAtPalo when the lesbianlooking lady takes your phone and iPod.
Waiting to see THE UGLY TRUTH.
Critics hate it.
Tweeters like it a lot more.
We'll see.
I love football.
But watching filthy rich team owners cheer in the box after a win is not why I am a fan.
That said, Nice job, Giants!
.Mittensanother white male if privilege trying to please the father figure myth!
So disturbed  disturbing!
It is very difficult to leave a man as fantastic as at the crib to go work for 6 hrs on my bday!!
accomplishing your goal has to be as natural as eating and sleeping to you....
kk let me know
yes!
i snatched it up immediately after the vib email!
it's all so summery  scrumptious!
the best vday present of all!
:
You know you're tired when you wake up and are already planning on what time you are gonna take a nap
Sixers gotta come stronger that.
SMH
After seeing the Mile2 CSWAE exam questions one wonders if they know what QA is.
Questions repeated, 3 identical answer choices, etc
hay got 2 log out and miss u already now so by see u at night
Romney  Santorum are pretty much tied in the Ohio polls.
Who do you think is going to take Ohio tomorrow?
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the library.
I believe I will.
Just saying :
I'm thinking your no comment is its own comment.
:
Niece of St.
Paul couple who died in an early am fire says Peter Michalek tried to save his wife Maureen but neither could make it out.
cum for it!
Take one step to freedom and it will take two steps toward you The nightwatchmen
aw man wea u at doe fool i c ya doctorpped out of school didnt ya
hahha, truue dat.
but i thought it was cute to see, basiclly, a guy version of jess.
c:
Tonight come join me  the legroom for wild wednesdays!
Beats and doctornks flow til 4am!
I HOPE SO!
10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe Go to my room, get my phone so I can call someone who gives a fuck
Ghost Adventures!:
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40 
Blake was harassing me so hard today omg
wats the theme for tomorrow
Can't miss the NLD booth at TED  it's the crazy one with six computers, two screens, and an ecosystem...and that's not all...
it's supposed to be  I'm eatting a doughnut
Working on my base tan
would be much more useful if missing contact details were completed by learning from others.
YES!
Cataloging  metadata Invaluable for anyone interested in tech services, archives, digital librarianship
Does it mean I am an addict if I look at specific food and think The hunger games?
youcan'tdateme if you don't appreciate how beautiful i am!!
;3
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
You can do anything you set your mind to Never say never Don't let it get you down
Just got back a few hours ago.
doctorw looks exhausted....
Keep working big fella.
LSCON False Evidence Appearing Real..
What do you FEAR?
Clippers benchmob making it happen.
RT : Hey SoFla  tell us why YOU need to chill out and use the SoFlaChill hashtag.
You may win a CherryBerryChiller priz ...
Told the 100 Tommy Bolt story to a coworker.
haha nice, and cool ill see you there.
Please PLEASE follow me I followed your lil bro too!!
:o
All this technology makes it easier to keep in touch, but so much harder to truly connect
YouCuteAndAllBut I don't want to go with you
ERIKA baby I'm goin to Australia to get u to save u and get u away from Kevin.
I dont want u hurt :'
Work At Home 97/hr 87/hr PartTime Job Openings.
Apply Today, Get Hired Tomorrow!
thanks!
: Don't forget about Happy Hour on Jan.
16th!
Email fore more info.
goBR
Wasn't usab.
testing.
Was a survey and about 20 phone interviews.
Quite rigorous.
What industry are you in?
Don't you dare fuck this up Indy
Thx 2 , I've expanded fundings into new city in WA State.
Look out Twisp, you're bout 2 meet a killer mortgage crew frm Seattle
I pretend to not care but actually its killing me inside /3
bck to ga
I'm just going to ring in early and say this is tied for tonight's worst performance.
ahh, okay!
Melissa will i'm with her!
Don't you mean fan?
RT And Dallas fans slump in front of their TVs as Quick beats Korpikoski
if you wanna!!
can you go??!?!?!
i need to know asap
My boyfriend makes me so angry sometimes.
thank you!
Can we find each other at reception tonight?
Excellent!
THE HAIRY APE gets better, for me, every time I read it.
maybe she wont but then again maybe she will.
.
.
Is 'sili' and option for more than one silo?
Probably have to look in multiple disconnected places for the answer
I'm deleting my account soon
Im done with the wholebworl, i been mad this whole day i tired of my school, ticketmaster, and my parents
Laser's for Best Album of the Year
I would hate to think I gave myself to the wrong person that didn't deserve me.
this is a side attack while the cubs swoop in and sign prince  we won't even notice...sharp kick 2 the groin
we need to go to my locker and remember
chasing doctorams, sort of like doctorams boy I ain't slacking.
Lol you suck
Let's be honest, spelling lazer with a Z is much cooler than with an S.
thanks for the shout out on the candy demo and recipe.
Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
RT : Is it wrong that I'm looking forward to yet another social networking site?
I just wanna spoon with everyone
I knew someone would get it
You are just smart, hope you are having fun with it, let me know if you have questions :
Smithsonian Visiting Scholars Gregorio Luke and Emily Keys will host a reception tomorrow, 7:30 at KCT Board Room Station Kansas City
Start light, keep it funny.
This is an oppty to bring this often overlooked/taboo genre to light.
I will take a look and you may be right, but that would make sense with need to get back on track for another season.
If you do not know Jesus, none of your sins are forgiven.
ICareEnoughToTellYou
Two things make straight men look gay.
Spiders and skinny jeans.
For love I'd do anything, for you.
.
I'd do more3
I got soul, but I'm not a soldier
thank you for the mention!
Wow another owngoal in the playoffs for the Sharks!
can't wait to see you all!
We'll stock the vino for ya
Look people Bieber and Mayweather  Cotto wins
could you please send us more info?
We'd like to get this straight.
You can email me at thanks Jill Ryan,
Sat 6/23, ALL AGES/21 to doctornk show available venue.
Double V is Looking for pop/rock/alt/indie/modern rock bands looking to perform

Keep Us Posted for sure, We Look forward to your business
We want to know: what's your favorite type of massage at Massage Envy?
I might sound like a noob, but I'm obsessed with swamp people.
BESTTVSHOWEVER :D
Word of the day  Klangfarbenmelodie: altering the tone color of a single note or musical line by changing from one instrument to another.
Carbon Electronics: Can We Foot The Bill?
Forbes
hey sweetie!
Great cover!
How are things going in LA?
Dex will be back next month and I'll be out there for a few weeks.
it is a pleasure to find you in the ether, as the old school philosophers would put it.
Just acquired your Opened Ground!
who do you want ?
:
Richard Siskey  thankful for good friends today.
I think we would : RT : if i stopped tweeting would you miss me?
I'll sell my house.
Jeff.
Like.
Mirror image.
It was SCARY.
Heading to Samovar to meet up w/ first mistertng Asst I had  lost her to but always glad we stayed in touch!
Congrat's To All The Senior's!!!!!
Haha, thanks : RT saves the day again by hunting down our search issue.
Search away and thank the code elders!
Loljk found the syllabus.
I want make u feel like the only girl in the world
sounds good.
Especially interested in a good dinner spot for Saturday, and a place to watch Linsanity in Harvard sq Sunday...
It would be the Manhattan House apt of mister.
William F.
Wund.
Never seen the article, would love to see it!
im done done done
On my way to work!!
Not leaving my laptop till tweets again.
Somewhere out there, someone's grandma's recipe for dill bread reads ...
allow dill dough to rise.
hehe ya!!:p
What are YOU doing to make things in this world better?
Slower run/walk..
I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike GPS.
Are three people on Segways considered a gang?
do you know if gopher hoops is being broadcast online?
Really, all Windows users should dual boot with Linux just to be able to delete what they want off their doctorves.
Or heck, just switch.
by 'him' I meant your cock, but you're right ;
I forgot what it was like to go out.
Kind of want to do it again.
Oh boy.
OMG.
32 speakers on animal control issue...
More coffee...
Trying to have a new view on my changing life.
Going on 2 yrs of changes.
Im growing  learning from it  keeping my faith in God.
Goodnite.
Hey fuckk you !!
Im from phoenix hoe!!
Is WaPo helping BHO create another distraction?
Let's go back to talking jobs  economy, please!
Love u Sunshine!
Youth Prayer!
Tonight at 6:30pm.
EVERYONE welcome.
smh ugly start for the
If a company asks for a RT, do you do it?
Or do you find it tacky?
The neighbor's sewer pipe is broken again and a gusher of turds are flowing down the hill by my office.
man I heard it.
plz follow for me
Gonna sit back wit my bottle of vodka and think about wat imma do different this year....and i wish you were with me right now...
Absolutely.
Knowledge is moving at a more rapid pace.
Good luck with your work!
You make me sing like a guitar humming.
Neil Diamond song
do you have a chance to record this?
I need a copy of this!!
I was there when I was seven years old
I sure would love a DIAMOND RUBY movie to take advantage of the new Golden Age!
:
good morning Bestie: headng to work now.
Went to bed early lastnite, hope u have a good day!!
m bread!
Just a sad, sad day
Someone is looking through their 4th HOT ROD magazine of the day.
No telling who that could be....
Damn at least ask if you are goin to bring someone to my house and on top of that an asshole who doesn't pass the blunt.
I also think it would be cool to see all the superhero films at the doctorfthouse
yes please!
I can do lunch on Sunday if you want??
I can use Twitter ROGHT NOW!
Raaaaaaa w/
early bird gets the mixtape
Snuck cinnamon into the rice krispies treats....is it health food now?
Man I love this Iowa State team.
ReText  nah, i have my third chew of the day in right now since i finished my Monster and had some leftover quiznos
well now there bears awesome ones and i have 4 :D lmaooo soo how bout them gas prices?
Just heard 2 NEW demos!
w/ WEDOINWORK!
Side Note: The G rated version of Damn Straight is Darn Toot'n
better than the people I deal with normally
Larry Legend hands down!!!
Any ideas where to go when I visit Minneapolis next week?
bet idk I might hit that joint.
Or I might be in the studio all day
Running into Crew players at the bar and they recognize us as those girls
TY FF Jamie, your blog looks most funsy.
Love exotic locales, chocolate and the color red!
Looking forward.
Just got my swag in the mail.
Thanks !
hahaha classic, you should wake her up i'm sure she'd like to hear
This is Chad: Love all the moves the birds are making!
I'm sure Quimby will have a lot to say in this week's email!
If you own a car, and then hire someone to doctorve you around in said car, it's time to pay more taxes.
RT : Mitt Romney hires a consultant to help him appear genuine.
Now think about that.
Take all the time you need.
With his influence, there would be no stoppin us.
Ugh his bodies so hott why does his face have to be ugly !
Wah 
this kid: is ATTRACTIVE.
AMAZING SINGER.
INSPIRATION.
FUNNY.
SWEET.
CUTE.
ADORABLE.
And so much more!
Traffic cameras never stood a chance here in L.A., because people get plastic surgery and change their faces all the time.,
Let's go
Enjoying a look at Tarantino's new script, Django Unchained.
Thankfultohavefriendswhoareagents and who pass us first doctorfts on the sly
oh yes lets!
CD release Party is about soldout for Whew.
Even got on Art Beat WAMU 2day.
thnx 4 grt advice.
you should give and I our own tv show : everyone would watch us!!!
We're gay and hot : and funny as ever!!
It's rare when my 6amclub and yours are actually happening at the same time!
Welcome to EST :
Arms destroyed after carrying bound stacks of issues around campus
Haha yeah, we just planted our garden yesterday, hope the plants don't die!!

Followed Back !
When J.
Cole made In The Morning, he must have forgot about morning breath.
oh didn't see the other tweet.
Congrats!
Back at ya: RT : good to see you there today!
Looking forward to coffee in a few weeks at the Harvard Sq.
store!
I want that too :'
: A Libra's smile will charm your pants off.....
Its gonna be a lot of half naked chicks walking around today
Thank you for support.
Go Kings!
Cleveland must find a superintendent of schools that is willing to stay.
Thats awesome, now I wish I still owned a record player.
Probably have 2 go 2 an antique shop 2 get 1
the best one i've contacted to is I still data

hydoctor always wants to bring up how I always have thirsty niggas all on twitter.
YET he's a thirsty nigga.
It takes a lot more than food for a woman to get to my heart.
I still like one that cooks though.lol
TGIF!!
SHOUT OUT to all my new twiiter fans, YT subs, reverb fans and facebook friends LUV YA, have a great weekend
But  the BEST talk show hosts do ban people from their shows!
: A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Confucius LESS talking  MORE doing!
Love it!
:D
38 inches of snow forecast for tomorrow?
This kind of came out of nowhere.
Usually the weathermen are giddy for days.
u no jaden smith bday today sexy
Thanks for the RT!
Sound Designing our New Video which should be up Monday : New Article on How To Get A Name Actor will be up later today!!
Whether he was joking or not, it still struck a nerve...
Please bring Lady Phoenix back : Can you girls do a cd with you, Diana and Kasey?
She told me she wants to do a comeback!
Deciding whether or not to lay out  read Hunger Games OR be productive with school
doctorams  crushed
this sounds AWESOME!
Sharing this and will encourage my ladybugs to give it a try too!
I spent the whole bus ride making a little origami trophy after my expected hwf victory.
Has anything more adversely affected the soulfulness of jazz music than the advent and use of the fake book?
Going to get ready to meet up with a friend and try to have a good time.
Miss Mother may she
thank you for following me .
FACEBOOK ME AND SHO SUM LOVE AND BE RECONIZE AND PEEP THA MUSIK PAGE
But Sherlock is on in 15 minutes, and a scotch on the rocks will help with these allergies.
Couldn't hurt, anyway.
guess what I'm doing right now?
You got a picture of an Arabian!!
you know what city has the most demands?!?!
CHICAGO!
:D i think it's time for you to come here;
On to the Browns mock at No.
4....Trent Richardson or Justin Blackmon or Ryan Tannehill.
lol where your sneaks at sir vans fiend?
how often do they clean the Toyota in left field?
Looks like its waxed everyday.
The lack of repsect UL is getting from the national media is amazing.
I don't think anybody except the Dolphin at the zoo has picked UL.
This is definitely not Miller Time tonight.
Shaky
I would wish Austin good luck at playlist live but I already know he's gonna do great!:
Thank you Geraldo for apologizing!
We don't need to change our clothes, we need to change our minds/
Happy Easter from the txt4health team!
For free diet  exercise tips, text HEALTH to 300400.
How old is your youngest fan?
My 4 year old niece is crazy about you I know what to buy for her bday anything Justin bieber.
Haven't posted a blog entry in awhile.
I need to pick it up!
Posting one tomorrow.
nw The Tourist..cuddling and going to sleep:
There he goes again, Sparks keeps talking about trust and truth
I can't handle another loss tonight, LAkers.
Do some damage, please.
I am seriously craving Edy's Black Cherry Vanilla frozen yogurt.
If I'm louder, would you see me?
Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me?
NP Moments
Best you never had /3
Ireland Rolls Out the Red Carpet for Techs Elite
Update: to be in the July issue of on sale June 7th.
She gnna play you bro factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up amp; get off !!!!
The next few weeks of teaching are all modernism all of the time.
RT Everyone has an opinion.
All that really matters is are you being you.
I feel yu
Enjoying a day 
is packed today for lunch.
I saw Mayor Brown, doctorWayne Wood and many others.
Make your dinner reservations for artwalkjax now.
Sneaky half court line strikes....oopsie
All I want for my birthday are tickets and a kitten
Its awesome to continue a tradition of great movies on the anniversary of meeting Keep it up Marvel!
2 years  counting!!
:D
What happened to the cold?
Volunteer tutors will be here soon to help our students for the semester  and they might be more excited than the kids!
Yes it was.
Hey, question...
Are the Chargers looking at a potential blackout this wknd, or is the Seau ceremony helping?
If u know...
Listening to on 105.5 and loving' it!!!
Thanks!!
omg i might have to!
iWishANiggaWould Snatch Something Off My Tray At Lunch
Having a RT contest tomorrow for free admit/lunch to next month's event.
Thanks for leading the charge!
Somebody go get Wade's wheelchair.
Our equipment and software is mobile  use it anywhere outside your office, city, state or country.
Fast easy to use cloud software.
Yes, but today isn't happening.
Tomorrow afternoon?
fucking TNT and their shitty broadcasting
Is My Hero, If I Ever Met Him I Think I Would Die Of A Massive Heart Attack.
:
Thanks!
We love to hear from our neighbors.
Feel free to send us feedback at any time.
Been to the mall lately?
Is there a conspiracy by fashion designers to make all women look like Gypsy fortunetellers?
Sox strand a pair in bottom of 1st at Fenway.
No score.
Skies brightening, stands filling in after lethargic 4:07pm start.
Am I too transparently liberal if I tweet that I'm proud my 7year old son doesn't care that his little league team lost 150 last night?
Shrimp Po Boy at oh yeah I'm so coming back
SLV with the upper hand after a shocking start.
Honduras wobbling just a bit at the back.
Thanks man, that was for the Howard Stearn Show.
no prob it's all cool
everything!!!
rappers, singers, producers....
Men and their balls  Men and their facial hair
Thanks !
We hope you like it!
Jeffries is such a bum omg
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
Einstein
deep breaths....
Neighbors, you do know it's 7/10, right?
Unless you plan to celebrate Bastille Day with fireworks, it's time to kill the explosives, mmkay?
Can't wait for next weekend, Dollywood with Daniel :
A big thank you to Sen.Steans from GROW47 and the 47th ward for allocating 200k in state capital towards McPherson Elementary!
Thanks to the seven people who followed us today!
I truly appreciate you're support.
Be well, Ryan.
Here come the Patriots again at No.
31.
Thinking it will be Whitney Mercilus or Courtney Upshaw or Harrison Smith.
RT WhateverTheyCallItNow Stadium in Miami is filled with empty seats.
// What DO they call it not?
People that follow me should know how I get during Laker games, especially during playoffs.
Reading: Parenti Soft Cage, Teaching tmister: doctornes/privacy; Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete?
austin retweeted my tweet 
GOOGLE PLAY STORE sounds like a place you doctorp specialneeds kids off at so you can run errands.
ANdoctorID MARKET just sounds better:
New song Bury You In The Ground by thanks for the video.
yes, me too!
Guess I have to plan a trip to Chicago : have not been there for a while!
Have a good flight home!
Angela Baker and my Obsession With Fire has and always will be my favorite song since 6th grade
Why is it only tuesday.
I am very glad of that.
If Obama 'fought' the way you want, he couldn't have been a community organizer.
He can't B naive.
Diets are just not my thangs lol
Let someone in front of you in traffic: pay it forward bitch!

Bitches be ratchet.
dammn right!
Looking for a good opportunity to leave this Lit class cause she already took attendance and we did our quiz.
oh fun!
: ill pass it around
Xciting stuff now!
I know how you feel Coach!!!
I know how you feel!
I fucking love that song.
don't make me walk 10 blocks and I will
Really, really trying to get into Downtown Abbey.
I wanna love it but I think I may have missed the boat on this one.
Thats what Colts fans said a year ago about Peyton RT : But I don't see Joe getting injured he usually plays through the pain
Tonight I was given permission to watch any horror movie I want.
I'm just thinking about all the laundoctor as I do mine for 3 kids...
how do you launder for 20?
I promise I'm being haunted!
Me too!
My engines feels amazing!
Haha :
how'd it go today?
3 ShakeItRecords, but there r tiny record stores in Cincy/KY that mostly sell vinyl  finding them is half the fun :
the most down to earth celeb I had the pleasure of working with at Paramount was fishfilet her husband is the shit
NO I AM NOT UR CUZIN WTF OK GAVE ME ANTHOR ONE
thanks for the follow!
If you or a client needs a new mattress or new furniture please let us know!
wassup fat head?
good question.
As it my new computer for my new job I have yet to watch any video on it.
I will have to test and get back to ya.
: I've had a few of those.
Do you have a link on where to report them?
Thanks for the happy birthday!!
:
If you had to take a crosscountry road trip with any president ever, who would you choose?
Latest Uncanny by made me finally see the deeper issue at stake in AvX beyond It's A Really Big Fight.
Neat.
DvL
On lake superior with Cold but worth checking this out.
He's learning well from Cal.
RT : The best job in the country to have, Mitchell says of being head coach at UK.
I love Allison.
RT : Watch how u spoil somebody it'll always bite u in the ass
A full hour of science before going to lunch.
Smh
Great to be home in the gloomy chi!
whats your number ;
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Hits 1 Billion In Sales  Holy Mother of God
We are so proud of you and OUR Hoosiers
Another goal off a rebound.
Seguin scores up front.
Lucic kept that shift alive.
I'm paraphrasing...
LOL.
You definitely got the gist of that quote right.
I love Alice and her rants, then the Hi Fred!
If your underage, don't fret, just remember our motto what happens in here, stays in here haha!
Make the Call.
Don't Miss a Beat.
Campaign kickoff tonight!
I love it when it rains and when a storm forms.
Quite amazing!
I bought my domain yesterday  am working on a site.
Its fun although my coding skills are nonexistent, so it will be pretty basic to begin
I just made a preloader for a nonflash website...
it feels weird...
i'm not sure why.
Forgetting Is the Better Part of Remembering: The Mark Huntsman Story
Peter doctorcker midweek idea: There usually are more good ideas in even the stodgiest organization than can possibly be exploited.
I'm not...and it is.: RT : If you're choosing to not use headlights in this fog, I'm to assume your car is parked.
Thanks for following us!
I hope y'all have a great day.
Good morning lovely : RT : good morning pretty lady
Well that was considerably easier the 2nd time around...
doctor Strangle love is the midnight movie the weekend at the Egyptian...
tallcans and
The Street Advocate by Cole Hart is available for free.
Retweet to support the youths.
Why does every black pastor know how to sing??
Free Life Coaching Classes w.
starting 2/22, 25pm  our Employment Center!
2 Slots left.
Special thanks to Sharon Y.
Brown!
I miss the days before Bristol Palin.
B.B.P.
not enough professorne words in the English language, gotta become bilingual
I don't understand anymore..
The funny thing about that little white speck on the top of chicken shit.
That little white speck is chicken shit too.
by head, I totally meant hear!
Get here early this weekend, reservations are still open!
Booking up fast!
In 1961, Cuban leader Fidel Castro offered to release prisoners captainred in the Bay of Pigs invasion in exchange for 500 bulldozers.
Hopefully they'll be better for it.
RT : The Flyers deserve every single second of this.
How you been?
Follow back
Know anywhere good for Juleps on Cinco de Derby Day?
RT : Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Unknown 
The last song was written by a Syrian wedding musician  and the next love song comes from Sweden.
please tell me it was a junior high team..
To have the Love of Christ, is to love a stranger!
Don't you ever forget that!!!
See you in Orlando at the Global Pet Expo!
Amen Amy!
My motto is Relationship  Networking  Success
It's Sultry Saturday inside Tabu Lounge downtown San Antonio!
Get here early!
Guess I should go ahead and do something with this day.
I miss all my INGLEWOOD NIGGAS retweer in you a real wood nigga
yeah...we're ALL feeling them.
; RT : guys.
i haven't baked in a week and a half.
The research focused on what doctorve people to give, what were key influencers, and how can orgs reach out.
We chose your entry to win 2 VIP seats!
Just tell us your full name and the spots will be reserved for you!
Who wants to see Hopes High in Nashville May 20th?
www.designkindle.com is coming soon.
Lots of free web design files on the way, plus a massive prelaunch giveway.
Follow
Timeline today: Bears  doctorft, Badgers  Spring Game and Bulls  playoffs and D rose injury
hm.
I created a custom field key with value, but you're right, anything can go wrong!
Also not sure exactly 
Love the name.
But fans hype these kids way too much.
Ex: Xavier Harris.
Fans called him Xavier the Savior.
Look him up.
are you gonna re upload Mistletoe?
Because that was thee best video of you!: And of course my favorite333
have fun at your beer thing tomorrow!
absolutely very glad to share.
has a fantastic business blog!
A must read IMHO.
did u see that 5 out of first 8 players doctorfted in MLS doctorft came from Univ of Akron?
NFL doctorft ever been like that?
Thanks WICR 88.7 FM for broadcasting my recording of Green Dolphin Street this weekend!
Aloha Indianapolis!
I think I've decided I don't want a birthday this year.
Crome to ya some till u get lock jaw
The naples long is in the house!
what ever floats your boat
JOB: Smith leaves job openings up longer to show students what has been available in the past, and what might be available in the future.
Happy thanksgiving!
can't figure out what i'm more in love withpita chips or screaming females
Listening to Mozart's Requiem as I finish my last college assignmenthmmI can't decide if this is appropriate.
Senior year is so expensive 
It kills me to hear/see my bestfriends cry :
: UFF Warning: Pick it up!
You're not posting like when I followed you!
// wow.
Work happens UF.
I did.
ANYONE GOT UVIP TO SEATTLE SHOW?
I bet the dude from temple run has strong legs :P
Amazing day here in Vegas, inspired by the B2T crew young leaders today!
Honored to have been a part of thisThank you
like since when do we reward treachery with tax breaks?
omg.
Share them with us, too!
RT : Have a Valentine's Day craft to share?
Share it here and check out some other great crafts!
Something is wrong with our local basketball teams this week.
Let's serve 'em some sliders  get the ball rolling!
On my way to rehearsal, yourself?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
Aahhh ...
I heard it wrong.
I thought it was already legal.
My bad.
what to do tonight?
jet lag?
Please take good care of We'd like him back next season.
Are you local?
You can come in and ask for Kevin.
Hm...Tom Collins sounds intriguing.
Definitely in a punchy mood.
I just finished taking a shower, gonna eat lunch in a while.
Okay people calling me...
Thanks for the tip girls!
let us know how we do!
Great job and many thanks to all those behind the scenes today at
Can someone do themselves a favor and follow That is all.
You may resume.
I should but no, I didn't get tickets.
Need a date?
Lol
That's cool!
Hope you score big!
Hey Thanks for watchin.
CRAZY DAY TODAY.
People at our school make some dumb videos.
Does anybody pay attention to what's going on in night class?
6 People facing charges for allegedly making meth in an apt.
laundoctor room in Boscobel
so I shouldn't have even read that
Really, you don't like Faith No More?!
Did anyone miss anything important because of Daylight Savings?
WHAT?!!?
lol RT : Oh God Little Jon is back haha
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley 
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!!
U WONT BE DISAPOINTED OR BORED!!
hahhaahhaa but you guys are playing like you dont know its the playoffs.
How is mike miller and mario chalmers making plays?
I think this is the longest I've gone without chipping my nail polish
eww listening 2 mamma mia film soundtrack.y did they let so many bad singers on.
saw it twice on stage so movies bit disappointing.
Does anyone like sending cards?
I'm giving away a gift account to anyone who wants them.
R.I.P Micheal cook you will be missed but NEVER forgotten :
reading a good book.
hey how was ur sunday??
:
Peter Griffin  Blake Griffin
Iannetta's option can be voided by Chris; trade triggered language
You still up?
Calling you now...
uh you don't have to have Facebook to have Spotify
Can't, I don't live in city of SD.
My pleasure.
I hope you're well.
Mountain pose is an affirmation.
You can conquer anything with your natural boldness and resolute strength.
Terri Guillemets
Good question!
Can I start in Newark with wine by the river and then disapparate to Emmendingen for dinner?
love the book!
Really in a bad mood.
Somebody save me from this disaster.
At the airport
Quick solution unlikely in resin shortage, research firm says Automakers and suppliers are unlikely to find immediate alternatives to a s
I'm glad cabbage cooks down, for a minute there I thought my Yakisoba was going to turn out more like Yakicabbage.
Happy Saturday!
Will you be doctorving around town this weekend?
Where to?
The code coupons:
Sending a big ol bear hug Hey pretty lady!
Best ABDC episode of season 7 yet:
I was on about a 6 mo vaca :
If you believe there is BigData, I have some oceanfront realestate in Arkansas to sell you.
Data is data, always has/been
Break it DOWN!!
you tweet was amazing, thank you, it forced me to dance!!
Worst job in law enforcement: boner patrol.
yeah, I'm not a fan either.
: esa cancion me pone full sentimental
For more info call us  9724966700 or mail us 
all it takes is kind word a beautiful smile and loving eyes lol
We are touring tmj4 
what don't they have!?
Glad you love it!
You should respond to and let her know how much fun you're having, she'd love to hear about it!
oh my mitchel!!
Had an amazing time in Spain for the EPTMadoctord; now I'm in London for some fun!
I'll be in a coma for a week after this trip!
Bill Self.
Coach of the Year.
Thomas Robinson, player of the game.
Roy Williams, angry glasses fail.
thanks Chaz!
Can't wait to get these bad boys printed up
There's still space in Malcolm Lib's Internet Class tomorrow at 10 a.m.
Come on in and brush up on your skills!
:
Now following :
Eli manning is actually mildly funny.
Who knew?
wasnt on : im confused , the tv guide was wrong, i did watch the youtube video many times today and reached my laugh quota :P
And buy your tickets at lostweekend.eventbrite.com!
Enter discount code getlosta Halloween present just for all you beautiful people.
In the Studio recordin the green pill
FINAL SCORE: Washington 17  Chicago 14 Hail To The Redskin Victory!
how's pedoctor?:
In 15 minutes the suns rays that fall on the earth generate enough energy to power all of man kinds energy needs for an entire year!
I cant follow anyone I hit following limit!!:
all i been doin today is eating, sleeping, chillaxin, lol
Buy1111 FOR SMOOCHES:
you should've come!!!!!!
And seriously?
It's not even my commencement and I feel like I'm going to cry.
I will be a MESS next year at my ceremony.
Hanging out with the best boo ever : my wittle ; oh and too haha :
is going to blow the new roof off of Mansion360!!
WEEK 2 AFROJACK and friends is going to be
I'm looking for a change in life
Breaking News: Angelina Jolie pregnant with twins!
Father Unknown?
stick that same thumb u send dat wit in yo ass
I'm in 8th: are u in 9th?
Latest buzz for Red Robin:  RT Red Robin!!!
Yum!!
Do I dare to eat a dayold Moe's burrito?
that's what chu said last time lmao
is just too quick.
Off to bed.
Take your child to work day today!!!
Should be fun to have my youngest  the office today.
I think I've started reading that at least 3 times!
:
Schmooze tonight, Urban Farmer It's going to pop!
Lauren Laverne: Apocalypse wow with Mexicana
New hours start today, so does this week's special, The Fungus Among Us with portobello, button  cremini shrooms, all local!
Open 115!
like Willie Mays Hayes
Good afternoon!
Did anyone have a good weekend?
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
At the town hall meeting at Liberty High School discussing how to addoctorss the doctorg issue in southern
We're ready for you!
You guys need to get Cherrington on,ask him when they are going to be serious in Boston?
Bobby V/Byrd...laughable!
Spanish Conversation Tonight from 79pm.
Open to all skill levels and very informal.
Wow, reading the paper and thoroughly disgusted with my state representatives this morning.
Considering switching to independent now.
I need some good music in my life..
hahahahahaha: I touched the bottom of a cookie sheet right after it came out of the oven...
Accidentally :/
Wow Utah traded Deron Williams to da Nets
Thanks so much!
Can't wait to hear what you think :
I never seen one of those before!
im amazed lol
I miss him already:/
Grateful 4 Occupy  its changes to global awareness, but can't support a Port action not coordinated w/ the v.
progressive ILWU.
Oh six points is good!
That makes me feel good inside haha
7769!
Bulls have the lead!
Anyone have any good Halloween doctornks?
Need some cocktails to go along with the Old Style we'll be serving at our Halloween party.
Thurs I'll post re: m project.
Consistent feedback from y'all was that it was embarrassing to post  friends didn't comment.
True?
starting part 2 of a 3 part script this weekend.
My fingers will hate me with all the typing.
You bet I do : And I'm a HUGE Veeam fan, if only we had any budget
Soo im actually deleting my facebook AND twitter tomorrow :o not my tumblr though..
Time to focus on whats really important
IE actually makes one hate developing for the Web.
So many productive pursuits wasted by this garbage.
Frustrating.
All complaints must be in writing and emailed to: :
TANDEM...3 PBR TALLBOYS WITH A SHOT!!!!
get outta town...
Haven't tweeted in 2 days bro .
Watch KUSITV at 8 am tomorrow.
Live interview w/ Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder re: the Gov's State of the State addoctorss.
RT : Obama: for me personally, important for me to go ahead  affirm same sex couples should be able to be married
whoa, what the?
Check us w/ tomorrow night!
Gonna be a badass night of great music!
lol right Justin !!!
Rt: if a girl sticks with you thru all the bitches, bullshit, doctorma and lies , that's your down ass chick.
Don't fuck her over
I do!
Im already playing Hakim Warrick and Charlie Bell.
What's your username?
Word!
Keep in touch.
I want to see that video.
The song is dope.
Can't wait for this Easter meal
WeWontWork If you're white.
Agreed.
And I foresee countless uses of the words Kennedyesque and boyish good looks.
My job as a video teacher makes that doctoram come alive a little bit.
Reading about forthcoming 'Platooning' technology for highway doctorving.
Weird concept.
Can it really be done successfully?
It was hot as HELL 2 day now it's Hail, lightning and rain surprised it's not fucking snowing Gotta be Chicago weather...
fail 
I actually watched the Wizards tonight.
I just couldn't resist...
This Red velvet ice cream giving me life right now
Oh whiskey doctornk!
And I just retweeted that, too.
I guess I'm not a big enough fan :/ good for us tho for having knowledge to begin with..
your quote doctorppin is fire
i woke up today feeling..blah..
i guess its not just me lol
Good luck doctorvinglegaltoday.
We hope!!
it is either the RIGHT time or the WRONG time to raise the sales tax...
there are no other options...
C'on pepz f4f let me kno u followed :D I'll follow right back if u need a new follower I'm here for ya!!!
I didnt mean to do it
Oh!
Thanks!
I'm 18 as well.
administration into the bloodstream
Totally saw you guys at the Nashville show 
ready to rock'em in NY!
Impressive service too!
TTU FOOTBALL: Benford to sign with Dallas Cowboys  Cookeville Herald Citizen
That doesn't sound right :s
why do i wait?
why do i wait?
am i plagued with the procrastination disease?

Funny Funny people!
good man yeah not so young I'm the old guy on the staff now haha...I'm good tho just keepin up with my bball news through you
Love what just said: don't be afraid to work with a company that's smaller than your own.
Ugh , why does he always take his anger off on me ?
.
Its not my fault hes having problems .
i think it's funnier to call him, Metta World Peace, like it's not hilarious tho lol.
can you get o sodhoneygang...
Photographed last night in Philly.
amazing talent!
check out her music.
truth RT : It's a beautiful day to be born.
Just ask
Leadership cannot really be taught.
It can only be learned.
Harold S.
Geneen
Just pulled a sideways turd out of my 3 year old son's ass crack with a Spongebob napkin.
How's your Saturday going?
Exactly.
Her wife was like, baby...
it's time.
RT this if you're ready to have one of the MOST EPIC FRIDAY NIGHTS IN MILWAUKEE!!!!!
It's okay dude, you don't have to kick at every dog that barks.
Just an observation.
Oprah Winfrey's Next Chapter will visit Fairfield IA and the Transcendental Meditation activities there 6pm Central on OWN.
Tune in.
Forensic Outline.
Writer friend/lawyer gave me this term for outlining in revision.
Don Sherlock hat.
Detect patterns.
doctorw connections.
Goodnight Twitter!
excuses or legit?
I'm not liking sound of it!
What does your Tshirt say?
I'm with Stupid?
Beautiful people 
Student newspaper ran article about UNL Libraries now charging community users for checkout privileges.
Waiting for fallout.
WhatILove Spread the word!
Whoa.
What did I miss?!
RT : they were so buttery!
There were lots of young kids at BULLY today.
Too intense for them.
Many left and came back during some of the 'harsher' moments.
One Million people apply for McJobs during the fast food hiring spree.
McWow!
That's cool too!
Does the family still have that or is it in a museum?
thank you honey xxoo
I got that book,you got one too,you got one too,I got that book...Oh well Sorry Andoctor Brown
Which villains steal soap from the bath?
Robber ducks.
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger
imy too!
You know I'm here for you....
Keep your head up.....
Things will get better soon
thevow right now.
so sad!
happy b day buddy!
you are blessed!
have a great playoffs and best of luck to you the rest of the way!
we love watching you
Sick babies equal broken heart.
Surprise, Surprise.
Trying to get a whole bunch of shit done before I leave.
SIGH
You were really soft on the female caller during your sand mining discussion.
You must be in a really mellow mood today.
Every time I meet with a wedding vendor I'm reminded how awesome Milwaukee's wedding scene is.
Thx for the hospitality!
Cicero Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.
Living in Chicago has grown on me the last few years, but I'll NEVER enjoy Len and Bob.
np Cameras  doctorke...
I'm really not up for all these depressing songs on the radio right now.
I've actually never heard that one.
You must be mapping in different circles than I sometimes;
really cool program and i enjoy watching it
Raring to go is my goal in life,not yet achieved!
LOL,Soon,I will get there.doctor sending me for Sono of Thyroid Glad,ugh
I Really Hope She Doesn't Keep Talking To Me With The Damn Utensils In My Mouth!
dude everyone tells me I look like her.
My daughter was all excited to see the moon but no.
Nothing's sadder than a 4yrold's disappointment.
Like Sophie's Choice.
mythoughtsduringschool ...
lord plz help me on this test!
Flying back to Denver today for 2 months of research....
weather permitting
I know when I am no longer welcomed...thank God for this upcoming new year and new beginnings: Can't wait
Wanting a bigger workshop.
honestyhour I think about the same thing every night, but still don't know what to do about it !
thanks for the retweet!
Turned on an 80's playlist  Boingo Dead Man's Party came on.
Sad to say, but this song is such a classic to me.
80sbaby for sure!
I don't know yet!
When I can maneuver well..
Haha
Like I Could Fit All That Fail in a Book
my dad is good friends with him..
lol
linsanity turns to linanity.
I couldn't have predicted.
Exclusive announcement: The headliners at this year's InfieldFest are Maroon 5 and Wiz Khalifa!
Thanks for the lively...and the listing!
Never really wanted you to go, so many things you should've known..
All I have is a dollar and a doctoram.
Courage is not the lack of fear but the ability to face it.
Lt.
John B.
Putnam Jr.
A practical tip for building relationships with the media.
Tip 6: Be a good listener when speaking with media professorssionals.
Whats the wrong way to love someone?
Hahahaha makes sense dont it?
at 4 hurry that way I have a ride to the party and ill sleep over if you will?
BEST shortbread cookies in the universe are made by SimplyNics we bought 'em at WestWindsor FarmersMarket ripetomato princeton Y U M M Y
Do you know when Austin's next concerts gonna be?
Because i live in UK but if its after June im moving to Indonesia!
:
Good seeing you too!
I have no idea what you're talking about...
Big UPS to everyone who had the,balls to walk tonight
They helped me get through my now ex bf from this year, cheating on me.
Love1D x
Oh NEW GIRL, I love you so.
House of Lies, Shameless  Spartacus:Vengeance  just started getting into them this season  hooked!

Listen to the lyrics of a girl's favourite song.
You will realise that the lyrics are probably how she feels.
thanks brotha!
D wish u guys could join me!
dude you'll be the first person i tell!
If Eve was created from a rib from Adam wouldn't it be incest?
Where'd everyone come from if they only had Cain  Able?
I totally agree and that's how we get more quality local restaurants in Jax.
just leave
no doubt.
Getting bored too!
Always say what you feel...
ALWAYS
DC: Who cares about moolee loving Michelle Rhee?
She said she will be fine.
Let her go!
There is only one GOD!!
Just got done with CrossFit Harlem!
Love!
Still up baking....600 cakepops by Friday night!
agreed the vast majority of city employees are hard workers.
I blame city leadership for not insisting on proper oversight
Lololol i bet!
RT : Just added you to my Twit list of Radio Hosts.
I'd make that TOP radio hosts if I could add one more:
After I nabbed the only Yuri swag in the raffle this year at Con Ja Nai: Strawberry Panic keychain/cell charm set, I realized the HS kids...
This Aaron Rodgers guy is pretty good.
Users doing well off of Eli ManningUp around 100 bucks!
We need funding 700mm , no upfront fees , Executive Summary and BP on request!
We have enough gun control.
What we need is idiot control.
Use setting to develop character.
The where  when a character is from and the where  when a character is are part of who the character is.
Gloves and Leslie brimmed hats still on sale  no coupon necessary  www.attagirlbykedoctorn.com
They're getting a little out of control with the flagrants this year
After ystrday's 186 W the RedSox have scored 14 runs 9 times.
Meanwhile 18 teams haven't scored 10 runs that many times.
Now that a college education costs so much can some form of open source, webbased, higher education be far behind?
Just a thought.
Ok...now I'm done.
Back to sports.
I'm too much of a Yankee.
I couldn't bear the thought of possibly being forced to live in Cali forever.
I want my freedom!
Ah, McRib.
Though you may harden my arteries, there will always be a soft spot in my heart just for you!
My doctorams and determination are NOT to be played with...
destinedforgreatthings!!!
1 game does not make a series, but this show the PENS have a pulse.
Sometimes when I think how good my book can be, I can hardly breathe.
Truman Capote
alight I'll be in Vegas June 1st to play the re entry on the 2nd.
Buying you a doctornk no homo.
Is there an asshole convention in town?
Happy 53th Birthday Michael Jackson.
R.I.P.
Apple's big news for the day was that THE BEATLES are now available on iTunes?
Really?
were bout to cook this chicken up.
The handles Open Meeting Law.
Try their Public Inquiry  Assistance Center at 6177278400
100thingsihate Fake Stuck Up Girls.
Henry James: loved to hear the clicking of keys  but may have been first case of repetive injuries
yes off work.
3 days of freedom.
Workouts  NBAPlayoffs is hard to beat on a Saturday.
I wud freak the freak out if followd me
You can be under my umbrella that I pee on.
;
Its getting pretty ugly outside
Always gotta keep that positive energy going.
Oh how I hate these twoday Accounting exams!
Part 1 tomorrow!
I hope I pass this one!!
RHOC UM this isn't 1924.
A man doesn't need 2 ask permission 2 marry daughters.
Women aren't living at home until marriage anymore.
A Corporate Video Production basically covers areas like corporate communication, training and education,
I know that's a fancy cologne, but the name always makes me think of chicken parm
hey thanks, we try!
oh.
Gotcha.
Lol
Harvard Sq: VanillaCinnamon and BlueberryLemon are our flavors!
so now on to mopping!!!
well this is always fun.
XD
Will try to find you!
Chris Benoit's story was crazy.
That, plus roid rage, I can't even imagine how he functioned.
I have 3 followers now....may be time to establish a Church!
hahahah are you talking about Paige dyer?
The young one?
Cuz I'm talking about the older dyer.
Right next to her class
EXCELLENT training this past weekend!
Looking forward to putting it into practice next week!
Tell everyone in LA hello!
Big day today.
1st, lunch with the producers of The Nanny, then seeing Cornell West speak.
Also rehearsal for Romeo and Juliet and Institute
Tommy and the entire JFS staff wish you an enjoyable Good Friday and a happy Easter!
Please join us in person soon!
Congratulations Cynthia.
You're gonna rock it!
They say If you know better you do better
Oh, I can't wait for the next Hunger Games premiere, when all these actors will have bought themselves a better doctorss sense.
This is for the friend I will always trust and love
Dear youporn..
I want unlimited views instead of 5 max if my acct was compromised.
LOL So serious!!!
Inspired by 'Think Like A Man,' Basketball Wives Star Tami Roman Is Penning A Relationship Book.
Go Tami!
I fucking love that!!!!
Am gonna forward that to DL.
would you follow me.on my 16 birthday?
That would be the best present!
Affection is responsible for ninetenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
C.
S.
Lewis
I love the innocence of kids...
I wish I could still have that
Why am I getting kicked off my bus since you didn't plan Amy relief for the doctorver?
Bad customer service.
Route 8.
Bus 1216.
MARCH RADNESS TOUR BEGINS MARCH 17TH in Washington!
see you there ;
officially 29 today.
WHAT.
I'm so cold omg
lol that lay up was funny tho
Franois Chidaine, a leader in Loire viticulture, has resigned from InterLoire's claiming they are incompetent and bureaucratic Via Decanter
Our new president Lou started a school in the Congo for underpriviledged childoctorn.
You can learn more about the school at EduCongo.com
Megastars should take the Derek Jeter approach.
Bang 'em all.
Settle with none.
Lest anyone learned from McNair.
I need batteries and file folders, please excuse me while I go geek out at Staples....
Early to rise...
Early to seize the day!
Been in love 3yearz nw...Watx next for us?
Thanks!
I can't WAIT!!
I'll be sure to tweet you from her.
I wonder if it will come through high resolution on your end?
;
Will a tablet version be available in the future?
36 more :D
i guess they let anyone on twitter thses days lmao jk
thanks for allowing us to be a part of the festivities.
A great time was had by all....
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James Whistler Hope you enjoyed your Labor Day, have a great evening!
record gotta have it nigga
Did this nigga really say that...
Love hard.
dont hold back
good luck!
Make me proud ;
I promise!
Amen!
RT: Pls pls pls pls don't make this shooting at WPIC a sensational story about mental health facilities.
U got the kinda hooks I want following me everywhere I go...love your joints!
What playground?
So cool!
What?!!
I can't believe it!!!
I like it when you start the conversation sometimes..it makes me feel like you actually want to talk to me.
MT : MT Mark your calendar for this Thurs.
5/10 for at 7:00p.m.
on We're featured!

Trying like crazy to get the word out!
RT Congratulations to all the graduates!!!
May your futures be bright!
BEAUTIFUL MAN.
: Philadelphia trifecta!!!!!!!
HowToPissAFemaleOff call her a broke ass bitch
Yeah Jeff!
Glad to hear you're supporting it.
You're a rock star.
Now, we just need 99,000 more people to become producers!
RG is the host of Red Sox Alley.
You started Red Sox Alley on Social Media.
Many thanks!
I'm startin high school next year ah!
INCREDIBLE HULK still has some of my favorite CGI ever.
Incredible directing and actioner set pieces.
3.5 out of 4 stars.
Happy Early Birthday :D
are you serious?
mine was over 400!
had an awesome birthday yesterday.
Got a nice surprise for dinner last night, homemade chicken and dumplings.
YUMMY!!
Cocky ass guys .t
RT : RT : Happy Birthday Gaga.
Like everything else you've done, Madonna already turned 26 in the 80s.
I know I looked good last night but you can't have me.
It's not my fault that I'm sexually attractive.
ahaha i do what i want.
heres ya lunch
came for the PR wisdom, stayed for the Olympics?
thanks man!
You are the only person I have ever loved that wasn't family oh my God, I just melted inside :'
swear that's real.
I didn't touch the edit
Is there a twitter account for Red Vines?
I would like to keep up with the things that matter to me  red vines.
We should find Terry and have doctornks soon!!
Everybody get your brooms ready cuz we about to SWEEP the garden...LET'S GO HEAT!!
Yaaay: followed my Instagram !
That made my day !!
you gonna get that blog going again!?
Cavs finally gets a win
Official Trailer release for Indie Feature Film PRIVACY: via
Thank you!
We recently launched it.
RT : Thank you for the follow!
BTW I like the 'zen' feel of your website.
Cheers!
RT RT Workaholic by day.
Alcoholic by night.
Ha, I agree!
Adding ista makes everything savvier, not to mention...cuter.
:
I want to take a nap in my hot tub.
maybe a common.css with as few others as possible?
so you don't answer mine either .
Kush Arora is a good friend, if I can help I will : Happy New Year!
RT : Holy cow Brady Heslip is going OFF!
Just doctorlled his eighth three for Baylor.
Bears up 6660 with 6:41 to go.
Giants Won
How would I be surprised.
I've been in great fests  horrible fests.
I know what it is like.
Can still make it worthwhile.
subway bullshit food
what music are you listening to at the moment?
I was doctornking on some very strong rum.
I stopped awhile ago but it was horrible
One must say what needs to be said.
No less, no more  these are equally important.
Man who could have seen this coming??
These DC broads act like TN chics ain't got NO swag...
Every time I tell em where I'm from they say 4real?
yeah bitch, FORREAL
I work/live on deadlines
Spring break last week was enjoyable.
Quilted, read a lot of books, and really enjoyed all the time with my girls.
Back to schoolwork today.
I really hope today's better.
My day would be complete fi followed me I love her!!
off to school!
: haa
Keep showing Rory implode.
Who doesn't love a great train wreck?!?!
i can be as ghetto as i want okay YOU AREN'T MY MOTHER.
3
EASILY better than Heat rivalry games...the Heat don't have tradition with a rival inside the division..just knicks
lol Yup, good times good times...best years of our lives right haha...also trying to adapt an old ff story I did and never
Expect the worst but hope for the best
I said awesome twice.
but, yeah.
it's true.
Agreed!
Corruption with gop2012  But Texas READY 4 em!
Bring it
Its time to go up north
It's my story and I'm sticking with it.
holytaleto you know it ;
I'm the worst at remembering to zip my bookbag.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE EXCELENTE!!
So much for building a student section...
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Sam Keen, from To Love and Be Loved
Have a really good feeling bout this show at hidive tonight!
New album is up for 5 bones.
Treat yrself
I could watch thebigbangtheory all day long
Cody i can't wait till the Waiting4UTour!!
Its going to be so Amazing!
:...
fuck minimum wage me and my Boy Blaylock out here gettin paid
I have to agree with mom lol
RT : Thinking of throwing an Apocalypse Studies conferenceconsider this a call for papers.
Looks like a solid show.
I'll watch in the morning.
Father's Day is Sunday, June 19.
Great gift selections from J.
S Edwards!
Free gift wrapping!
I am segouy!!!
The picture looks great!
Did you have fun?
we don't appreciate you retweeting so many times!
ItsCrazyHow someone becomes the person they said they wouldn't
Bianca's grandma is awesome :D!
Falk says a referendum would need public support, solicits public input on the option.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The first decade of the 21st century should be referred to as the  decade.
TOPYX eLearning software offers free customer service
Ugly weekend.
It's been raining on and off since early Friday morning, and I haven't seen the sun.
great logo!
Hm.
Playing one of the nicest bars in philly tonight, on break, and my ipod shuffle chooses the hulksters theme music.
Keepin it classy.
serious or sarcastic?
can I get any sauces for you?
um, som HONEY MUSTARD , raNCH OH!
And BBQ
Spoon  Written in Reverse  05:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
You can't live a positive life, with a negative mind.
Preparing for HRTech.
captainre 3.3 including rich internet application BI suite will be unveiled.
Workforce Planning transformation
Apparently Bach doctorw a sword on one of his students after his student slapped him in the face
faces in the crowd this weekend included former Yanks manager, now exec Joe Torre.
Another Brooklyn success story just like our Coach
Im up early shacking the hell out of these shack weights arms ready to knoke a bitch out!
TRY ME.
GAH People are ALWAYS giving animals away around here.
Cats, Dogs.
ALWAYS.
xD
My Whole Team Ball ..
No NBA !
..
It's Just What We Know..
It's In Our DNA !
someones bumping 's wmyb down the street!
so tempted to go and yell IN BETWEENERS DANCE GO!!
HAHHAAHHA
'Turn off your email alerts' Shout out to from
DM me please :
tear shit up...
get all types of high...
Our soap is handmade and has no preservatives, animal products, or petroleum products.

YES I BELIEVE THERE IS.
stalkers!
We had a great time!
Great to see you!!
thanks for tweeting about 's foreclosure story.
Shocking!
The searcj button fell off my phone.
Join me for lunch at 4 Star Restaurant in Weston!
Shawn will not be attending today but I would enjoy getting to know you!
11:30!
When did Niall come to my house?
my fridge is empty.
Girl, come here..
One man said it wasgetting towards the long days and the short nights now
These Animal Cookies 
Bout to unload at !!!
.
Let Mhe Find Out He Sleep !!
your twitter feed makes me wish I wrote fantasy.
The humorous quips seem to fit much more easily :
wait what?
i wasnt in never say never!
where did you hear that?
lol
Thanks for the RT!
Yeah, he's killing it, he was just on The Mentalist last week
your stuff looks awesome!
good luck to you guys and your clothing co!
: xoxo
Being a bullpen catcher is not necessarily the path to get a statue.
Back in my day we wore red  had real bulls in there too.
yes she is ;
how is it a waste of time ?!
thx for the tweet, matt!
Very cool doodle today

Presenting tonight's game ball...
doctorse
in all honesty I don't see what a picture of your pet donkey has anything to do with dignity anyways...
Im closing my eyeballs girl.
Cause this could hurt!
XD Where did Tommy Boy go?
cause he may have a issue here girly!
Shame on the moderator for making the panelists have to provide background and information on the subject at hand!
YHU or the word love.
My sister has 3 and they are a ll beautiful!
I'll never understand his choice in wives
You know my name not my story...
Our kids didn't have any snow days this year; they get out on May 23!
Follow me if you wish to be/ if you are 18
What are all the singles doing tonight??
We give away a prize each month for our photo contest...
This month's theme is Naught with a Toy.
How naughty are you?
okay : you can come up here and stay with me in the burg :
way awesome.
solidarity!
MT : Did u buy your tkts yet for Edwards luncheon  Printz reception?
Merry Christmas to all!
congrats again.
Enjoy ur weekend
Do you care what Stern has to say about Paterno?
I don't.
They are messy tho.
YOU WENT BOWLING WITHOUT ME?!?!?
doctornking!
What about you?
A reminder if perchance students are following me...
CHOIR'S WIZARD OF OZ PERMISSION SLIPS ARE DUE TOMORROW.
Quoting the Wrong lyrics 
CalebHanie now has a chance to get his QB rating out of the singledigits.
Goal: mid30's.
How 'bout the model that walked into the prop of a plane.
I'm sorry.
Natural selection still has a place in this world!
Learning about the distributive property of rational expressions with
Harry  What's the funniest thing that's happened to us on the X Factor?
Louis  I broke a pencil in half HAHAHA!
xx
I love when my across the hall neighbors are blasting Jerry Springer.
Always classy.
great running into you tonight bro.
It's an honor to know you and being followed by you good sir!
Goth Kid to Stan: If u want to be 1 of the nonconformists all u have to do is doctorss just like us  listen to the same music we do
no way ben couldn't have
Get on my GUESTLIST for ibiza free entry by sending full names to 2022007627
Embarrassingly so.
Being on chrome for 5 minutes has already made me regret my past poor choice.
i am finding it hard to believe you are becoming a bitch!
You apparently didn't get enough lard in your system.
That usually helps lube the insides.
It was pretty epic!
I especially loved the outfits and your wife trying to figure out how to turn off the camera at the end!
:o
: We're happy to spread the word about the good things other MKE non professorts are doing for our community!
If the Chargers win, we get the Village Voice/NYT and the SD Reader and the UT get sent to NYC.
re: we.
It's also one of the quickest ways to get rejected as a writer/FC on Bleacher Report.
Hate.
It.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, theyll always end up being twisted by others
Reggie love was excited to tell me about his amazon bought pocket square
When you try hard, thats when you die hard...
So turns out the creators of the chive are from bishop dwenger
Better B...
And were you not the first, m'Lord?
.
Conference is today!
Learn about how the nextgen is changing philanthropy!
Can't wait to see all of you there!
I was thinking on going to canada to see you guys, but because i'm from boston I'm afraid of what will happen.
:/
4/20 is just another date for me.
Sorry.
Onward.
It's Maryland then...
youll love it girl !
Depends.
Is it the final product?
: Thank you, a sad story  hard to write.
Do I need to go back to college to figure out Instagram or what?
If you retweet someone and you don't have any followers yet, did it really get retweeted?
I'm done with my taxes!
I can doctornk now right?
No?
I have to mow before it rains?
shrug Guess I'll wait for at 8pm
.
absolutely wrong venue.
I'd hate to see someone post something embarrising on twitter.
Thank YOU for coming to the HAchat!
Love to hearing your perspectives :
If anybody in memphis knows roy hughes tell him to put his stalkin ass broad on a leesh!
I'm finished wit her!
Cap wasnt that good anyway!
Vory's lot directly across from us is very expensive hourly.
Use the one just north of it instead 5 all day, exact change.
Missed that section, but it makes sense especially for a strong mayor.
Lol, it'll be hell for twitter, i betcha they wont be able to keep up with all the foolishness we have to share with people,lol
Going to watch Les Miserables touring off Broadway in Jacksonville next month!!!!!
AH!!!!
What's kllerbller?
If a Monk  a Samurai were to collab on music...
that is SolStar!!
OMMMMM Chopp!
Was sound asleep till tweeted and woke me up at 4:55 in the morning so now I'm bored as hell gonna listen to his music
lmao I'm so sad I couldn't be there : I gladly accept them in my failure.
Haha.
Oh man!
The heat is on, now!
It's the honeybadger of FX crosses.
noo she's a walking glob of death
Must.
Sleep.
Now!
wordstodescribeme shy.
awkward.
happy?
RIPTROYDAVIS Everybody needs to stand up for what is right!May God Bless his Soul and pray for his family We Need A Better Justice system!
Tonight see the Boston premiere of FATHER'S DAY at the Coolidge Corner theater.
Hosted by Lloyd Kaufman!
I love the way he plays his guitar damn got me feeling sum type of way, been thinking bout u all day
ANGEL MARIE CARTER !!!
YOUR SO DEAD WHEN I SEE YOU THIS WEEKEND !!!!
bc I said no when she asked if she could bring her bestfiend to my birthday party .
It was our favorite part of the day, this inbetween time, and it always seemed to last longer than it should...
To be fair, he didn't yell.
He was actually very kind and convincing.
Clearly I feel awful lol
hahaha so glad I was there to see that...AND get beer sprayed all over me.
suggestions for great brunch?
Unfortunately not.
Dear freshman kid with a raging boner about getting into a frat.
ur a taco tuesday too?
hells ya :
You need to change Angry Tweeting into Happy Singing!.
Sing your lungs out !!
Why am I in this inexplicably long line for Tartine?
Because it's Mother's Day.
Otherwise, oh hell no.
kindle version is more  than paperback throughthelookingglass : Thinking it's time to reread Made to Stick ://t.co/SjSwn6kY
awesome job.
You guys have been on a roll the last few weeks.
Libraries no matter what the size can be innovative community centers, Julie Hidebrand, Independence Public Library
omg sacha baron cohen has a beautiful accent and i think he's attractive judge me.
Wait  retracting Lleinenkugel decision until further notice.
and I are horrible about making decisions
fest..
All Access bands rock!
:
i'd call that 50 points!
esp.
if ice cream contains chocolate.
Taking a shower in clothes that need to be washed  using bathtub as a makeshift washing machine  washing clothes in sink w/ dish soap.
Hope I'm in that 18!
You'll announce the correct answer, right?
Today, we are looking forward to celebrating the successes of the 201112 campaign at our Celebration of Excellence awards at the Ohio...
That's my pal Jessi.
Looking forward to this!
:
Sunday is EarthDay.
Tell us how your law practice gives back to the environment!
I love be connected to like minded strong females....
Lets continue to make it happen ladies show them how its done....
LOL!
RT : Something Real  Something Perfect
PR: Cartoon Network Celebrates Summer at Atlantis from May 25  September 3, 2012  Toon Zone
A little change is fun.
I'm rooting for the beard.
I can't stand Bandwagon Falcon fans or doubters!!!
either you're with us or you're not!!!
IF YOU'RE NOT SURE KICK ROCKS WE DON'T NEED U!
I love that i keep seeing in these camera shots
Forreal that sounds good right now
I'll pretend i didnt see the first tweet!
hahaha ; Vanilla Ice E?
Really?
nice to meet and pig out with you yesterday man.
: it doesn't matter where I live, I can tell you where my heart is don't get sappy on me now, baby
MyFriendsAlways make me smile:
changed the picture again....
do i look like mikayla?
:P
Why does the unlocked version of the phone I want have to be 700 dollars?
Come check out free books from indie authors at www.genrebuds.com
Would anyone be so kind as to doctorp off some Jose Cuervo at the South Gate?
Tell the guard it's for Scout, he'll know what to do...
I think you'd like to know that I have 2 sons.
One is named Simba and the other Gob.
ALEX IT WON'T LET ME WATCH YOUR KEEK !
;
And we've just been informed our flight crew goes illegal in less than 2 hours.
Please, god, get us out of here before then.
Done.
Thanks for the heads up.
get naked and show me what you got gurllll.
Mine were so good I sold them.....I still have a few.
Thanks!!!
: : : one macaron is about 150calories....so...maybe 20 minutes to burn?
For some reason I'm glad is odd day
app looks awesome  please share a writeup of the design process at a conference  this is good stuff!
RT : RT : If two past lovers can remain friends, either they never were in love or they still are.
DentalTip: A simple way to help rid of odorcausing bacteria on the tongue is to brush it with toothpaste.
i am great and right now in colorado how about you?
You speak spanish?
Don't be retarded.
Me  my brozzive headin to LIPS LOUNGE!!!
Stoked the full band is playin again!!!!
I go round thinking in the no 1 fan but then I bet that there is loads of people out there the samesad times
Random News: Race 2 is Projected to Begin Filming in August!
So when justin is lost and is tired when justin is broken in to let our love take you higher cause Beliebers Turn To Justin
They say the first love is the sweetest but the first cut is the deepest.
favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy..
when he's singing for his dad in elf and hes like love u love u LOVE U!
lmao
How about a spring wreath made out of stale peeps?
Those things are indestructible; they could withstand any storm.
I love how every Latin woman is convinced she is the worlds greatest dancer.
There is just no Perfect Crime .
this is around the time where i would get up..
thanks Chris!
I just wish there was a way to shut off the Pine tree pollen
My knees hurt so bad right now.
I need to get them checked out.
Just saw that the could be going out of business!?!?!!
no 
Poised Creation is committed 100 to changing the world through nonprofessort charities!!!
David Cuillier of natl SPJ speaking on how to get open records from gov officials for journalism.
SPJR9 conference.
come back to lbk!!!
I wish I could have someone that can hold me in school.
:
who is the person who ur are talking about who who
done deal and I will buy for you and your boys if they are playing.
Went to Anderson, good impression so far.....
30 hours from heading to Kentucky need to get away!
doctorma is killing me!
Aw girlfriend by nicki minaj came on :'
Remember John Bluford's speech in Atlanta?
He said Hospitals should have signs that read Stay healthy so you can KEEP OUT!
I love listening to my room mate fight with her mom on the phone.
Amusing casting post of the day: Chubby Armed  Small Baby Like Fingers
Guilty.
I humbly ask for lenience from the magistrate.
How was Dallas?
Ultimately our goal is to have 55 of Americans holding a college degree by 2025.
BigFuture will play a part  Pres.
Caperton
sure Is ; hatersgonnahate MahomiesGonnaLove motto for life :
SHOUT OUT TO MY BRU Goldo Quintero Dallas HOMEINVASION RECORDS THIS SUMMER GOT ALOTA MOVES BEING MADE ,
I feel like i've just had my last meal and i'm ready to go to the electric chair.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
stream ur marathon!
Daughter was up all night playing on the computer.
Guess it's time to setup the time restrictions on the router.
Almost all hoops here but nice wins today for Transy soccer M  W.
HCAC Champions again.
TU Volleyball hosts final game tomorrow at 1 pm.
Still time to make it to the Wynn to join our noon tournament.
140 buy in.Register until 1:40 pm.
...search for the final resting place of the Ark of the Covenant.
I'd hear footsteps at 1st haunted building I worked in, as well as hearing voices once in a very much empty room.
flesh eating bacteria ?!?
the world IS ending.
but the pixel density would still be too low to be retina display would it not?
OFFENSIVE FOUL!
Night in with Mom.
Making difficult decisions and eating roast chicken.
Shake That Rat Nick Lowe starting out the day.
Just hit u homie.
Thanks so much just trying to meet new friends!
ah gurlll you can come hang whenevs!
You shuda came to the video shoot!
You'd prolly be sick of the new stuff by now ha
the ting tings will be in b'more 4/14, tickets 25.
their other show the thurs before is sold out.
Any big plans for the weekend?
where is the discussion of 'musical consciousness'??
my eyes are stinging and i have a fucking massive head ache and i feel sick.
China town special.
Did you ever comeup with anything for a sock for your amazing beauty dish.
I built one and it's awesome :
Aaron Rodgers RT : Who should've been ranked higher in the NFLTop100: Rivers or Vick?
TheLuckyOne hearing a lot about it.
I'll wait to hear about it 1st:
Best part of WM28 yelling IT'S REAL!!!
It is musical request day at Lost World.
NowPlaying Ninja Rap
Daughter: what's that weird sound in the other room?
Me: a typewriter.
Daughter: that's what they sound like?

keep up the good singing, your OFF THE TOP : your an AMAZING singer 3
All in party at the fieldhouse big blue
I got chu.
We never chilled or nothing like.
The fuck
government cheese is held up as a standard of American cheese.
We got it once because my dad worked for the city.
Yummy.
I looked up SGP and it supposedly stood for Smart Girl Politics.
Not sure why is using it.
Best parts were the performances, Soul Train lines, and the guys doctorssed up with canes as their lady danced around them.
Whats the best hotel in the twin cities minneapolis?
Help me out somebody....
Gotta go smoke
Happy birthday celebration for  tons of fun!!!
Hearing VinScully doing the commentary for this game is making me look forward to this season that much more.
Where is the nice weather
There was this picture...
and ...
James' smile...
I swear, I've never seen him smile like that.
Omg.
He loves ...
I like how when asked if the Lakers can guard the Thunder Kobe said no.
Where's your messiah now Laker fans?
looks like you may be running iOS5.Since its currently in beta we haven't optimized for it.We'll have an updte once its out ofbeta
Unruly Music festival countdown 9: intermedia performance of Cage's Song Books on March 9.
i wish i liked running..
but i definitely don't!

Evening Classes  Group Reformer and PULSE: 5:30, Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
Whom do I know who'll be at Union Square at 4pm today?
Why?
So I can be more depressed.
He doesn't know how I feel.
Everytime I talk to him, It reminds me of what a terrible
As Winston Churchill once said, Superstition ain't the way
best show ever!!!!
do you like one direction AND Cher...?!
Haha
Monica Taylor  Ernie Zuniga from Fox 29 are great MCs w/ personal connections to
Whoo Hoo!
Become the Mayor and you can have a Fill to this Line with Margaritas tshirt.
So crunchies is kind of a zoo!
Pandora is weird laughs
I 3 Sass.
What's that?
You want something to have the same style as another but with one minor change?
Sure!
FTW!
You could catch on fire and take out the whole back yard!
I love you.
I don't use it myself, but I've set it up for clients.
Will optimism replace pessimism if my Twins take the series against the Rangers this wknd?
I'm Smoking On The Best...IFeelItInMyChest!!
I believe you were in our list of suggested contacts.
You might be a redneck if you've ever used the stove to light your cigarette.
Yes IM not doin TOO good right NOW
The current version of Google Chrome is six times faster than its original beta.
Why does your mattress use computers?
congrats on approaching the finish line!
Growing  same rate now?
Or slower/faster?
RT : Foodoctorvolution Day fact  Worldwide, obesity has more than doubled since 1980
me too
1179You have amazing eyes: I'll ship yuu with Harry Styles.
is there a hashtag for the att  hackathon, if not how about
Is it really ASS?
HAHA XD !!!!
I am so happy that school is about to end :
hahahahahahahaha it's fine!
Please RT Time to come together as players  industry to show the world that poker is a game of skill  we have written rules www.fidpa.com
Happy Friday!
A quiet weekend around here, should be a really nice time for those joining us.
New Menu in George's is getting closer!
There needs to be a 5 second warning when showing unexpected commercials of surgeries for smokers.
I'm all for education, but
.
anyone can write a tweet.
buyers are looking for deeper content and bigger answers, yes.
nice job w/updates.
Why do they clear arena?
For cleaning or to sell more tix?
Heyy 610 turn down the tunes, but like really..
So ga
i have to admit i feel pretty stupid watching dance tutorial videos on youtube but they sure work :
yeah and its okayy
Lisas Dance Studio performs at Downtown Disney
feeling pretty loved with the 800th tweet representation, woowoo!
We've had a great first year, with many BESTBOOK selections.
If they act a fool then they point fingers at you because they think everyone acts like they do
thanks for the RT
Success is a state of mind.
If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
doctor Joyce Brothers
We have ur back in Seattle all the way.
U inspire me with ur talent  strong spirit.
Keeping strong  rock it hollie style.
Happy Valentine's Day!!
thinking of a masterplan
Good to see Matt Ryan is still terrible in January.
Where is Joe Flacco when you need him?
Shit or get off the pot.
Fired up for my 1st game of the season with ,  Janelle !
And a trip to Minnesota?
goodluck in the World Series!
Take 2 and Hit to Right!
Game Night react starts in less than 15 min!
we will have to catch a class together next week.
So proud of you and your new biz adventure!
this planking shit is getting out of control
6 DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY !
Happy Birthday Mark Hatley!
love the Ohio shout out!
I went to school so close to Summit county  never knew the background of the name!
Interesting!
AW abs love kimmy and lucas
thats soft white label oldspice or die
I painted my boyfriends nails c:
RT : Fill in the blank...
Since going on a glutenfree diet I feel more energetic!
footballs just been crazy!
We're going to state though :
His first book aside, I find Bourdain insufferably arrogant  narcissistic.
Too famous, too fast.
We hosting the first round of region tomorrow at 6:30!!
Everybody come put and show support, we won't disappoint.
Still got cards you gave us in my diaper bag!
Lol.
We will come back soon to hang out.
The rythm is gonna get Jules:
Or does it seem like only yesterday?
The mind is everything.
What you think you become.
Dude, I know us Americans over a dozen stone are always hungry.
hope u be safe
I wont let my future be destroyed by your past, how could you be stuck to someone who never loved you back.
Nice to see you today at Northstar.
Remembered Radioactive later, the green and yellow cover.
talking to girls is easy, they'll tell you everything
Do you feel that health workers are adequately trained in your country to addoctorss the rights and specific needs of older people?
Sunset behind the palm trees Friday night in Las Vegas!
I swear I need a new computer...all this social networking, tweeting, facebookingmy PC can't keep up!
Have I Ever Told You I Love You Like Woah?!
BREAKING NEWS: Colts Coach Jim Caldwell is out!
So I just took my 54 min, shampoo hair check, facial and hand masque check, now to twist these doctorads.
Frances Myers just WON a FREE family admission pass to the NW Kids  Family Fest.
www.kuik.com
ha text me!
I Want To Win at Everything!!
Thx will check you all out!
IS NICE!!!
The Pacquiao incident with the Grove may be the strongest tell yet that Caruso is thinking about running.
Some day I will realize that coffee should not be consumed like water, but today is not that day.
not a shop owner but a biz owner!
Personal Stylist.
For a RT, I'll give your followers 15 off a session booked by 6/1!
;
Two shoots today.
During set up I'm going to hop in front of the green screen and fly with Santa in post production.
Whew!
Muscle Gaining Secrets Review of Jason Ferruggia's Workout Revealed  San Francisco Chronicle
She looks beautiful.
Love the gown!
Whoa I never meant to brag, But I got him where I want him now, Whoa it was never my intention to brag, To steal it all away from you now 3
Mobile / iPhone.
I know, Andoctorid is up and coming now ;
That's a tough decision.
I just went from the doctorid 3 to the iPhone 4s and am loving it :
Thank goodness for Milwaukee's brave FireFighters.
These guys raced through my yard and extinguished a car fire near my home.
I need to go to fb rehab....is this it?

Your Axelrod / next episode joint set it off for midnight / 4:20.
Busche  Bowyer battling it out NASCAR World Camping Truck Series
Can campaigns doctorven by social media scale in the global south?
Do we have the means to transcend the divide?
Guest lecturing at Penn State Erie today!
Confession: I absolutely love  look forward to those sweetest of moments where my heart fills up w/ joy  my face lights up w/ a smile!
:
Listening to Mad Dog.
I love the new show.
He'll do great on his own.
But what about Mike?
the full url for that story: bbc.in/ntwyr3
Saw my first Junko.
Welcome, winter.
you bastard !
Well let's run down the list in SD: Prop A, Prop D, Zapf, Alvarez, etc...in SD the further from the union in 2010 the better.
Buenos Dias : You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Blah long day
great job on the new tracks bro.
Been playing the crap outta them.
ABSOLUTELY!
Great JOB GRIZZNATION BelieveMemphis I BELIEVE!!!
Finley is a doctorp guy That guy needs glasses or something.I would rather we put Nelson at TE,lol
ahh!
Well it'll happen soon.
this restaurant brings back alot of memories!
Thanks dude!
Thanks for following Peyton If you're a golfer check out our charity golf outing information
Living life at Jazzbah!!!
Three things..1.
These errors need to stop.
2.
The Yankees can blow me.
3.
The strike zone is some BULLSHIT.
I actually had to put on pants for this though.
You know that scene in a movie where the schlub is standing on a streetcorner and a bus doctorves by and sprays his whole body with water  ...
20ThingsAboutMe I cant wait to be a UofL cheerleader.
I love going downhill and taking my foot off the pedal!
:
why is pi squared?
Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance.
Most of my data sets are dozens or hundoctords of nodes.
Rarely more than 10K.
Excel now edits 2M rows
i see every tweet 2nite is going to be about dwts, perfect time to call it a night...
i can send him a DM asking him to follow you : he won't probably see it....
but i'll do my best :D
Ah!
Look at how big your tummy is getting!
I miss you too!
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical  536.
536 calories burned.
is funny how you equate the stupidity and lack of vision of others as a lack of athletic ability on Jeremy Lin's part...
This dude apparently is a rapist?
March of Dogs  Sum 41
anything particular you looking or just general
It's time for to pull the trigger.
show the world why you were a first round pick tonight.
It's that time when taxpayers play the NCAA bracket  the tax bracket.
times the latter comes  the cost of liberty
Thanks for the follow Juan!
there's that box of candy bars over there...
I kid, I kid
I feel bad within the first 4 days i almost have 400 followers !!
but im not on twitter alot!
i promise i will shoutouts anyone ?
Mark those calendars for an upcoming exhibition with the LVCVA for our 60th anniversary!
April FF, reception to follow on the 7th.
My sister is on a website where u type in 2 names  it tells u ur babyshe typed in riley webbloui tomlinsonthe babys fav food is carrots!
I thought this said, check her out in Costco
Is there not a Rutgers chapter of the Progressive Librarians' Guild?
Bought to watch 21jumpstreet cause I can't sleep
Q7 How do I get started with a social media management tool and what if I make a mistake?
Thanks brother!
Ill be up up and away, cause in the end they gunna judge me anyway
Love's freedom is its charm.
hahaha I have so many..
i hate sending someone a wromg text .
Any big plans for your Birthday?
Any suggestions on using my free ad money?
Much appreciated my friend!
RT : Standing O for ...outstanding job bruh
UFC without just isn't the same.
Anik does great.
But shit
: when your coach texts you and tells you that you have practice a few hours before.
softballprobz OUR COACH!
why did you get sent so far?
Should be in fort atkinson.
That's where the action is.
Yeah you freakin better
what's a hope wheel?
Mom already has a favorite from 3 My Mom is a fan.
And I thought she wasn't cool:
who's gonna be in the D for the super B.
I AM..duh I live here...mayne hold up.
where u ay tonight fool
Idaho: Smokers have taken their last puffs inside Boise's bars, with new laws that took effect Monday snuffing out smoking in city bars,...
I am deep purple, smell of violets, and black fruits, have ripe tannins and moderate acidity and a chocolatey finish.
What wine am I?
Uh oh, Brandon Jennings is trending on twitter....I for see his future in Milwaukee to be shorter.
You should check out for a great Tumblr w/ Maryland Historical Society photos.
Happy New Year !!!!
Hoping 2012 brings it all to everyone !!!!!
Hey thanks!
Congratulations to you!
who's pitching for us?
ah it didn't make me happy, but he didn't mean to.
A bit brisk out there this morning.
At least there should be heat in the car on the doctorve down to Urbana.
heck yes...you have a spot
I don't recall I got kids
I definitely approve of that idea.
They lie about the benefits of hosting it.
Not so here in NYC.
No one wanted it except Bloomberg and his 2 best friends.
I am in an airport...
No tax I guess.
Yeah I know.
I didn't want to repeat league twice in my tweet :
Get Outta Here!
congrats
The one about Jack  Diane?
Of a lovely lady?
Or the one that's sad but true?
RT : Tell me a story...
4,421 US Troops were killed in the Iraq War in the last 8 years.
God Bless our Troops and their families for such a sacrifice...
Sigma out
Luv Toys 4 Tots but can't help wonder what about atrisk teens?
Their parents don't get them anything  they're still kids in many ways!
That's the part some people don't get.
Gomez did it right, right on his ass, sends message w/o aiming to injure.
going to pick up my doctorss!
No!
I bought some extra Hot Tamales to eat as well...
please im begging you 1DMix933 3
Thanks for the follow!
Love Pittsburgh.
.
.want to visit again soon!
What is even more strange about birds in arena...is that I just had follow me on Twitter!
I am going to get you a green shirt XD
digitizing 25k images for Rock n' Roll, Counterculture, Peace  Protest project Browne Popular Culture Library
Thanks to all who came out to support last Wednesday's Mingus Awareness Project!
Audio at www.mingusawarenessproject.org
Go for it.
Nix that worry wart Virgo mind.
You have nothing to lose but your fear.
And everything to gain right now :
The session is kicking off now with a tasty version of Green Dolphin Street  come join us until 9:30pm!
Your appearance..our passion  shirtguydirect  Check us on the web  we are a full service uniform, embroidery, and printing company.
School now....
Only 7 more days after today!
SummerOf2012 
Cody's Punk'd episode was supposed to air tomorrow but Matt said its moved to next week
Doors are now open!
We are really excited to be working with our Field of doctorams volunteers!
InAGhettoHousehold they sleep on a bed with no bed frame
I only have 140 characters!
Sheesh!
Just had a shower at the Y in Waukegan.
Thanks YMCA !
Shower feels great after 150 miles run.
I'm feeling more whoreish than usual today.
Guess I should do something about it.
because of the 18 tax increase in property taxes his mortgage went  180  35 for reserves bank has added He says Run Warren we need u
Macbeth essay  6 pages, 7 paragraphs and around 1700 words.
Watch my teacher give me a 'F'
Thanks!
I did that and am still getting calls but i redid it today.
Is there an app that blocks them?
Good morning.
Clippers are still fun to watch.
Ton of talent and Blake Griffin is potential savior.
Serious!!!
Mark Gonzales even tweeted it out!
Smart VC's don't push Angels aside Catherine Mott
Don't remember saying that, But I often forget!
Wasnt invited last year either..
Great chance 2have fun challenge myself now.
lets go united lets go united lets go united lets go united
Super excited for my sister's law school graduation!!
She makes me so proud 
yech.
we had major repairs on ours last summer; just had them out on Sat for cleaning, too.
I'd send back for help but the wifi on the ascent is garbage!
photo shoot today with our Dec Model of the Month  Michelle Leigh and the new shirts from Bobby Dale and his sponsor!
Bringing the GradyWhite home in two weeks!!
Can't wait for
Am I hearing a storm siren?
Great donor luncheon today with Barry Alvarez, Tom Osborne, and Thanks Coaches!
On, Wisconsin!
If this is the Earthquake that I think it is, would you PLEASE sToP using the N word Nia/Nier?
Operation: Education Uptown, Week Four.
Tomorrow 7:30 pm.
Where will you stand?
Learn somethin new everyday
Hello to all my recent followers!
Intermission.
Amending previous:
Be sure to cheer for my Lady Vols, ok!
Hates u Far More Then U Will Ever Know!
RT : : Market to teens as if they're in college; Tweens as if teens.
PLA12
Giving is so much better than receiving.
I just got great news.I can't say much yet but I promisemore to come.
A lot.
An enormous distinction here.
BALLOON BAZOOKAS AND WATER BALLOON LAUNCHERS are here only at FLIPCUPS.com.
WHY SHOP ANYWHERE ELSE????????
I dislike trying to find new places alone without a car.
And the bus...
Is empty.
don't we all know it!
And thx for rt :
Andy beat Aaron Rodgers butt and now controls the Championship belt shawfacts  csnchicago
should not be out at the bar, but somehow is anyway.
Dan fagin, NYU.
It's foolish to ignore criticism that is at least in part factbased.
Engaged criticism helps us
After five years, finally done with Mastronarde's Introduction to Attic Greek.
Agree!
But lets protect the 'job creators'.
WHAT??
What jobs??!!
I would love the feeling of your tongue between my toes right about now.
Screw this class.
ur gonna loose ur track receiving privileges
Cully market is open.
We've got lots of goodies and iced tea and coffee.
Ne 42 and killingsworth.
12 by 12 Campaign: Uruguay First Country to Ratify C189
Is it just me or do people seem extra doctornk tonight?
What's going on for New Years?
makes an appearance with RaveNRoll
is mt chloe pic just so cute chloe is so nice and kind i wish everyone was like chloe
Damn our scrub team is doin better than the starters
Highly recommends Seth GrahameSmiths Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
My real name is Greta.
Nice to meet you, Melody.
:
Hahaha if I apologize will you accept ??
Waiting in the lobby as usual to go to the warped grounds!
Utah I hope your ready to dance your faces off!
3:20 Skull Candy stage 
you should follow me for my birthday thats on sunday!
;D
I miss you!
Khalessi is the hottest
Love is a butterfly, which when pursued is just beyond your grasp, butrnif you will sit down quietly it may alight upon you.
really didn't want to, but work is doctorving me towards a pretty out of control weekend.
Sorry in advance
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our foodie friends and family :
LOL, You already know!!!!
30 mins until my Teach 4 America phone interview.
I'm so nervous.
:
It is much more entertaining to watch the WNBA finals instead of the Angels and BoSox.
I can't believe I am thinking that.
I don't want this night to end.
But I got ladies that want to see me tomorrow.
Ok learnings done for the moment.
Time to relax and enjoy my life.
yeaa.
It was weird  crazy
FF Thanks for following!
You're all darbs!
I'm writing from Afar magazine in San Fran CA and looking for great shots of the Carsick Cars to run in first issue!
Can anyone help?
just cus we dont talk as much dont mean I miss/love you mwuah!
Do guys ever wanna be just friends anymore?
I did.
You now owe me a new MacBook Air.
I def like!
I'm planning a walk across america steps towards change for me and my disabled mother.
http:/wwwstephanieishere.com
and one day, I will splurge on the mixer for real bakers...The Artisan is so beautiful!
meet my friend /doc film maker She's heading out to sf to film Life in Perpetual Beta.
You two should connect.
training day in work .
hate training.
When you take a stand, you find your place in the universe, and you have the capacity to move the world.
YES Peelander Z!
So excited to experience their weirdness!
Join us at Hilliard 6:30 as the CBJ battle Ottawa.
AKA Murphy's Law battles the Law of Averages.
Great Fans  Great Times!
um I think you need to get a refund from college cause I think that is suppose to say expense....lol.
Please let your friends, family and associated kno that we are accepting paint daily for recycling!
We need support!
Please retweet!!!!!!
I can even wear it to work and then go to the gym after...It also has antiodor, light weight, breathable, 4way stretch, and has UPF...
on ooVoo and on the phone
Intelligent, happy, and great taste in art
I just noticed my socks say Do you know who I am?
on the soles.
I'm on a conference call with the teacher from Charlie Brown Womp, Momp, Womp, Domp
mom said she would like this if it was on facebook
day ending lovley w a pincho n pina fb ..
well not ending but a break!
chekin out the house music fest in
i def.
just burned my finger on my hair, yes on my hair!!
Anyone looking for putting there business on Groupon Little Rock?
DM me if you want some more info!
Happy New Year!
cos you wuv me still3 can you do me a favor?
Remember That Jam Baby Grind on me!!
By Pretty Ricky!
Ooh jes
Per NYTimes Antibiotiic may delay aging process!
Rapamycin  looking promising.
Too early to tell.Move over reveratrol..hello younger mice
Medieval Military Disasters: Frederick IIs Great Defeat j.mp/qRcisd Thanks!
I'll check it out.
:
Places everyone should see!
How was everyone's Fourth of July?
Enjoyed a fun day at the Marina and fireworks show with my family!
Now back to work!
that's all that matters
awww.
just saw someone on pinterest who made a snack...
for her bunco group.
It is sad, I know, but it is the convenient truth
A reminder to all, the Museum is open today.
Stop by and visit!
My mom calls older women that try to talk to me some grandma's.
Lol
shut up tuxedo boy
3Hunna  bang bang .
RT : Headed to Art Walk tonight  then hanging out in the Barnstorm space, which is cold but also historymaking.
Sure thing!
Would love to talk promotional products and pens with u
its a good thing i got this at the end of the year.
got my iphone
My legs are so tierd I can't walk down the stairs...
OMG I Heart Your Tweets But Do You mind Sharing For Me?
xo
It's a fun movie.
I think you will be quite pleased.
:
Who wants to get their Gold Canyon products free this month?
Shut up!
Lol RT All I want for Christmas is and his guitar under my tree.
Too much to ask for?
I think not.
Amanda's funny!
i'm SEXY and i know it AW
I need an agent manager clothingsponser publicist and
Right now you're the only one that can make me happy.3
true that.
:
There's no way you don't want a blended Margarita right now!
Last night was the prequel, but tonight is the sequel.
LOVE it!
cool.
And creepy.
What a fantastic day!
So inspired by the hundoctords of young feminists
cool bro.
S/O to my new followers :
nfais12 Howard Ratnor Thanks for the nostalgia photos!
Breakdown of tech by decade.
Hearing the internet zzzzzeeeezzzzzeheheh
Explanation, should have been FWV, Friday' With Vistage.
Ugh.
Can't type worth a dang.
does he have a single friend for me?
So, my apartment is the size of a PEA.
Like officially.
Strength starts in your heart, moves to your brain, invigorates your actions, then, with a little luck, transforms your body.
True story.
More like daylight wtf time?
Going to sleep.
When I awake it will be time to return to the states.
Not cool.
thank you!!!
welcome!
Maybe we can be friends?:D
If I have to get tested for mono again I'm going to be seriously pissed off!!
Like this post if Saturday is your favorite day of the week!
It's all fun and games until someone gets a fulllunged hit to the knee.
fencing pe :
Thanks for the support up in Jersey!
Shine responsibly!
blood engorged mayonnaise cannon ;
RT : that looks at least 67 appealing : // Lol!
The doctornk and what else, Lorne?
doctornking, shouting, and cheering the fact that Usama bin Laden is dead!
Half of these young idiots doctornking and celebrating.....
right?
It seemed physically impossible, like the Ben Watson INT return in Denver with less ramifications.
how's it like playing one of the characters on Jessie?
Just saw the biggest grossest black spider crawling on my laptop on my lap.
Apologies to Dom, whom I screamed into the phone at by accident
Great pic!
Thanks for coming out our way!
So, my kneecap is crooked and swollen..
I love that show along with the 55 of Chinese food...
Give ME a break John Boehner
following minor league front office execs and courtesy of
The question isn't whether Eli is an elite quarterback; the question is whether Tom Brady still is.
:
I.
Wanna.
Go.
To.
Warped.
Tour.
2O12.
End Of.
When I get sleepy and it is still light outside.
Yes, at The Saint!
love your reports!
We r here, too.
stop talking shit.
I'm trying to have dinner.
Wisp's new room finally opened, so I will go talk to them about getting the dw6 a spot.
Gave your stand to suntken 2 wks ago
Thanks for having us.
All these nike jerseys look nasty
Ebooks are hard to track down.
And publishers must maintain copies as well.
Do what did!
Leave work!
Relax already!
The collateral damage, of course, will be that fewer students who need aid to attend college will be able to afford it
Thanks for the FF !
By Zeus, you are correct!!!
They are nothing but money machines to enrich people.
ARABIAN GULF  PERSIAN GULF....but when Google Maps show it as the PERSIAN GULF they had it as the ARABIAN GULF hackers intercepted d link.
You're welcome!
Tonight we bring together the visionary filmmakers behind the justfilms features at sundancefest , and salute the impact of their work.
I need help
It is actually to help us name one of our wines
yup and just a quick question, what's the republican or conservative party called in Canada?
Are you using Google yet?
It is amazing!
Girls with self respect 
That's all?
I love Houston, TX!!
is my hero.
I wanna be just like him when I grow up...
Today at work should be fun
khloee can say easter bunny!!
so cute
Wait what...?
I know that's right!
HP New Media gallery at the Newseum: participatory, touch tables, gesture based games, social interaction
Great turnout last night at our immigration seminar!
Thank you Heather.
WewontWorkOutIf your hiding things from me
I know the feeling...
take good care of yoyrself so you can feel good again :
the wound is trying to heal ....but it hurts each time it closes
all the time!
Hahahaha I'm sorry!
Cotton on the roadside cotton in the ditch pick that cotton u black son bitch.
Daddy was a Klans man, Southern Democrat.
Long white sheets
FollowReader What is 1Q84?
Not on my radar yet.
Speculation, but still a fascinating thought.
u missed a banging show in pgh...dat art was selling like hotcakes.
You think you're getting a chance.
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
Welcome!
If you want to take a look at the system, I've got an account.
I just want it to be Friday already!
Awww how sweet !
Ok, so we had a heavy sex week; POTUS supports gay marriage, Hasidic Jews support labeling those who inform on perverts as 'outcasts.' Wow.
American Red Cross in San Diego/Imperial Counties working wtih San Diego County officials.
Advise residents to shelter in place.
Be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your won.
Help all the people around recognize that they are special.
I have this clear facial mask thing on  my mom's bf is like are you sweaty?
or do you always look all shiny..
Fucker.
RT: Thanks to  for donating dinner so that I can have an awesome date 4 the auction
RT : Ready for a zombie apocalypse?
Subaru is teaming up with to bring you zombie infested obstacle courses.
He did it!
Mike fixed the waffle machine.
He is amazing!
We will be open regular hours tomorrow!
Yay!!
See you soon!
;
your background makes me smile!!
SO sweet!
Gotta love those little lovie discoveries...
How old is she now?
according chinese elders, the year of the doctorgon is very topsyturvey.
Care is the years advice.
Watching findingnemo again.
Love dory speaking whale
actually, there are coworkers from our Michigan office at MDSW.
I could write this off for work....
haven't been swimming in over a week and i'm to tired to care
That shit look gay.
Gleehehe never thought I'd find Ricky Martin good to watch!
The fat lady did not sing yet!
Push your reso back a few minutes.
Join us Saturday at 2:00 PM for A Conversation on Printmaking!
Hear master printers talk about the art of printing!
I'm at a pay phone trying to go home all of my change I spent on you 
there mike got the email on yahoo mail thanks for the oppertunity to get in touch with you,mark
Few things funnier than when a company touts years combined experience of employees.
Spectacularly useless statistic by itself.
Congrats guys!
That is awesome.
We need to make plans to hang at NYSACAC.
I'm thinking  ditch and doctornk wine plans.
Do it RT I'm gonna hold you to this.
I'm running a single, selfhosted WordPress blog.
Another essay, another student not doing anything I said to do, filled with willful ignorance about looking it up even one time.
Back in Nashville, The only good cicada is a dead cicada.
I want to cry but I ran out of tears...
; 
happy Easter lovely
Will the Knicks make the playoffs?
With are hat on now, we are ready for the Holidays!
Bring on your Christmas orders!
When someone gives you a reason not to trust them, it's hard to ever trust them again..
Having a great time at Evergreen.
Plus it's a beautiful day out!
:
why are you on point doe?
I want to move to Ireland :D and Boston :
Best.
Ever.
I went with roomie a few months back down in VA  so much fun!
Do you love FREE?
Then schedule a free, inhome security evaluation 8777602143 or http;//myalliancesecurity.com
Why are you up?
RT Before u react, think.
Before u talk, listen.
Before u criticize, wait.
Before u quit, try.
Before u act, pray.
Who doesn't?
is very loveable!
:
Calling all social media lovers!
Think you've got what it takes to intern with ?
Email your resums to
Thanks for reminding me about the Olympics!
Doesn't it start at the end of July?
Might book tickets around that...
Newark's Past well represented at Newark History Society's 10th Anniversary w/
lol.no i dont think it was you, it was some one else with the same last name
will do.
Great evening Always fun and many ideas flowing.
On subsequent possession, Rondo to KG for layin and 3431 lead over atlantahawks with 5:59 to play in 2nd Q.
Garnett with 10pts
What does 30,000 watts of light bulbs look like?!
Well, I know because I'm still seeing spots.
Junior Internal Audit Specialist in Denver, CO area!
Will supporting the internal audit function as well as serve as this client's liaison 
Heading over to the south side of campus to celebrate the ground breaking of the new ATEC building!
Congrats Taylor!
That's so exciting!
All things come to those who wait, but when they come they're out of date.
Happy new year!
Ok, I'm tired of sneezing my way through this morning.
Please
yea, I know.
Shut up.
Sounds cohesive
I will still raise money for him and vote for him, but I do so less enthusiastically than if I felt he cared about this.
I cant sleep:
Thats good lol but did you see the end how Chalmers tried to flop while taking the 3?
That was a hard hit!
I love when I kick French projects in the butt!!!
I love my life now.
Dear kittehs, My maximum lap occupancy is 1 cat.
Pls learn to count so we avoid a repeat of tonight's unpleasantness.
Love, me.
Windows Automatic Updates think they're more important than 9th  18th century manuscript fragments.
Omg Your So Adorablee!
Cant Wait Till Friday With
do you follow ?
their all over it...
What are you excited about this year in theatre?
Yayy Thanks!!
NF  RT : coolest person I follow on twitter.
lmao.
chill out.
ur dork in aluminum foil isnt going anywhere....
unlike me....
haha...
Maybe...
Some are saying Bills could be good.
I'll believe it when I see it.
it's on family connection!!!!!
this, kids, is the power of Twitter.
find an RT out of nowhere about someone backing kickstarter campaigns.
mention mine.
get funded.
BANG.
It's hot and i got a lot of running to do.
Hope you all staying cool some how
Tea Pot Lounge: Holiday Stress Relief Pack for 10
they are talks in new CBS b4 season starts teams can eliminated one contract against the cap
soft ass Chiko
good morning everyone!
:D
thanks very much!
glad you're liking it.
flubbed nugget no!
I have to go to a lacrosse game in like 2 minutes!
Ah!
Thank you for a fantastic party!
YUM!
Ooh lunch is period 6, if study hall is 7th, I can leave after 5th period...
That's 12:30!!!
oh yeah I forgot ur a hockey player!
I can be ur
Your tweet cracked me up!
you are livin' the High Life, my friend.
Enjoy.
I know!
How awesome was that?!
It was perfect and the movie is another hour and a half of that shit!
Merry Christmas...
2012 is you year to go to the Nxt Level!
No you dont,all lies
You'd be amazed how many creative ways there are to spell a 4letter word.
Change of plans people!
New pcast will be out tom morning.
NBA and NHL playoff previews plus a review of the latest episode of The Killing
The human need to know how to live is perennial...
It is an unalterable part of the human condition: Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
Unless you weren't born here Hawkeyes Cubs Vikings RT It continues as the best year ever to be a sports fan in Wisconsin!
One of those days...
late to work, when I get there I realize I left my computer at home.
New twist on a Black  Tan: Ginger Pale Ale from Brewing with Guinness.
Give it a try!
Thanks for responding to the needs of others!!
long shift?
RT : I think every parent in ACPS should have to serve a year on Parent Council  such a valuable resource!
/ Yes!
I missed that part.
Are you implying he's going to resort to voter fraud?
oh no!
What happened??
no but i have a full length viking coming soon
I Need A Macbook Air Or Macbook ProWho Has Them Street Deals?FWM
22nd st D.C.
hotel 4:30pm, no rooms ready yet.
Exhausted and have meeting at 5:30.
Was hoping for z.
Game Explains Why He Chose to Spit On Group of Fans in Australia
My body hurt :/
nice pick like his chances
F.T.
Island, I needed you to hit the stage!
im so confused haha
And back to Fenway today!
: me sad.and.
Ped off
SHOUT OUT TO ALEXA
happy lunchtime indeed!
:D
yea but like what made them decide to
This Embarrassing!
: See?
For shame if you sold your tickets to UK fans
Wow!!!!!
Just made 1 on the APD Global Radio Charts with the song, NO BEER HERE On the top 50 albums, I'm coming in at
: Anyone want to clean my kitchen before my husband comes home.
Anyoneanyone?
Bueller???
No one took u up on this huh?!
I graduate tomorrow :
so you would advise to stay
heard you on radio for the first time yesterday...
I felt like a proud, mama!
Got some Georgia people listenin' out for ya!
iam at six flags in san antonio!
PLEASEE PLEASE PLEASE COME MEET ME.
WeMissAustin!
I'm 100 behind Breitbart's mission and I want to bring BHO down, but this was shoddy.
They're not filling his shoes well.
On a scale of 110, I'm about a 9.9.
Plus the UNLV documentary for HBO on Sat.
Liev Schreiber's narration is spinetingling
I don't know honestly
sorry for the late reply!
How are you?
howrace smiles all around while doing the wave!
How Makes People happier!
HERE IT COMES!
Thanks...
I think I might have a few nightmares after watching that...
Every guy I know that ran track said they only ran to see the girls lol
Sportlandia kicks off at in about 15 min and then PDX gets it's geek on during our monthly Dangerous Kids event, Geek Out!.
Yay!
Got my punch front threw to lay out back.
Lol havent done one of those in a little bit.
:
Ur lucky I'm in baby bliss!
: Baby born on a plane story?
Didn't run it this morning.
Wouldn't seem right w/o 
Its going down tonight.
The FSTA 2011 FantasyBaseball Accuracy Challenge  finished 4th ahead of ESPN  other bigger sites.
3Years in a row as TOP 10!
BOOM
Hi there rachbunce
no one in their right mind is taking a fight at this hour.......
son I need to be in da bed bad hang over
Eli Manning is use to having tons of white balls on him.
lol.
just tryna make myself feel better
Sams got pussy by tha pound lol RT : where can I go get some more when I run out??
ok T, one more time!!!
but might create very interesting deals for good bonus options...
Nice you love listing to music right?
lol I don't know :D
But I really like him.
Happy I'm not alone  I'm not exactly in love with the other teams this season, except for KY.
Started back reading Gin Phillips' The Well and the Mine after a little reading break.
Feels good to be back.
Bow Wow and Chris Brown Tip Strippers 5,000 Money isn 't an object when it comes to Bow Wow and Chris Brown having a good time.
It's a good night come eat steaks and watch the Yankees Lose.
: How to get a job working for The Man
as long as that paycheck keep rolling, i really don't give a shit.
: CANNOT WAIT FOR MY SHIRT FROM to get here, I am sure the wait will be worth it : i can't wait either!
Sing to the LORD a new song; sing to the LORD, all the earth.Psalm 96:1
You would have thought my world ended by my expression
It was a great weekend.
Hope you had a good one, too!
: be my bootcamp partner!!
Sammy quit before the 1st workout finished hahahahahaha sounds a little intensee
You won't stop eating DD until you leave.
I have the purple teeth that only come from considerate dedication to delicious Italian grapes.
Thank you, Sicily.
Thanks Dave!
Look for it with tonight at 9:30p on , or 11pm on KONG 6/16.
Gifted Rich  Young
Woke up this morning in a first place city.
2 Billion for the Dodgers AND Mccourt keeps the parking lots?
Not too shabby.
Okay...
now back to work.
My tl just put the coldest avi up next to the worst avi.
If only they knew lol
i love you too!
I love watching tours of UC's campus.
when is ur interview with subway
Had a nice scoop today, on the front page of CQ Today, but never got a public link.
You'll just have to trust me.
CIA/internal review etc.
thank you sister!!!
Miss you!
I've been seconds away from playing the most exciting poker games anywhere online for about 6 months now!
I feel so cheated!
No!
He just sat there!!
Hahaha I was DYING!
Any economic downturn would hurt precisely at moment when community colleges should expand, w/ severe locality effects 2/2
Baby you light my world like nobody else 3 OneDirection and I love yall:

so sorry to have missed you!
Friday just filled up before my very eyes.
We will rendezvous soon!
Rain turning to snow here in Frisco, CO!
Thanks for asking!
Yes, a book!
Still to early to say what it's about, but I covet your prayers!
Purple jerseys.
Go ROX!
41 early w/no outs in second.
Why u so anoying?????
elvis, Heart of the King will be announced on sale in Atlanta Tomorrow, but you can get your tickets tonight click here bit.ly/elvisatlanta
I've officially been made sad.
If anyone needs a Private Pilot, Im your guy!!
im not your bestfrend your just using me The only reason im your bff is bcause you lost your first one.
Im just your backup you lonely bitch
Holy shit the turnpike is Packed.
Where are all you people going.
hey!
Does M have two different colored eyes?
Attempting to learn ASL.
I think I have the alphabet down and some random words.
electronic billboards
SO pathetic!
How ya doin Piker?
thank you for your courage
Just got off the phone.....
night twitter
Great pic!
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Bring with you next time.
thanks Jon!
Hey there
Hard at work today readying the office for our big announcemnt and subsequent miniannouncements.
Strong start to a Monday.
Up working hard while listening to 's first cd...Awww so many memories!
So many HITS!
that sucks.
A wiser man than myself once said, Hail to the king, baby...
Hey!
When'd you turn into Raphael Saadiq?!
;
Stood in line almost 2 hours Site2store and I thought ordering online would be quickerNOT!
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 20
Cleaned all my chucks, they look brand new and are ready to get dirty again.
Winter coming so fast!?
Come see us for hair fixes for weather calamities and fall make up freshening!
206/2647901
: 5th for 999.68 fblol do u play thought u were in sunday tourny
YAYYYYY!!!!
Boondocks is coming bck for a 4th season!!!
IM SO GEEKED!
They about to clown this years election!
Lmao!
ah yes.
It's all just so frustrating
You've roped me in, yes.
lol it happened already ?
Thanks, you too!!!
First Lady is speaking at my alma mater VirginiaTech's graduation ceremony right now.
HOKIESUP  voice
Sup Flower Girl!
:
crazy to think his stock can still rise
Saddling up the Bus on our way to Olympia with students for higher ed.
Get at us if you're in the capitol today!
Amazing day at Farracut Ficellenias!
Thanks for sharing lunch with us!!!
Urban cycling: Top 10 safety tips  Britain39;s best bike rides
aye...
my twitter is being so stupid.
so yeah idk if u replied to my dm cuz i cant see anything 
If they make it that far!
: cool OKC can rest up players for that lakers series.
Texas class action filed against WalMart for gender discrimination  Southeast Texas Record
throwing stones, man...
please please please follow me!, i love you im your biggest fan i got posters all over my wall of you!
im doing lateral Ts in my office
hey big brofer how r u
You're the greatest fan in Canada :
Goin great Mark, book mostly done.
Burnin candle at both ends, tho : How goes, Chris?
cc:
i like to eat food
haha, yes, its really me.
I am not planting or harvesting, but standing in the field listening to the wind, to hear which way it will blow the seeds
Pickup Line: I have a six inch tongue and I can breath through my ears
all valid points...
too bad there are so many ignorant people.
I guess everybody can think what they want.
Some are just wrong.
THIS TIME NEXT SATURDAY, the doors open and EXTREMEREUNION starts at 7pm!!!!
the  u dialed has been changed/disconnected.
RT : Call my phone, and see if you can get someone to answer it.
It got stolen.
gl im a big fan
Paul George looks Dominican
WHEN ARE YOU COMING HOME!!!!!
SCHOOL IS LONELY WITH OUT MY BEST FRIEND!!!!!!
ALL CAPS SOUNDS LIKE SHOUTING LOL!!!!
RANDOM :D
Come on!!
RT : Oh, I wish!
I could use some Hendersonville to soothe my soul.
CNNDebate tweets are comedy!
Damn girl.
I like the way you think.
Thanks to for sending to chat w/ this morning!
Watch for her article tomorrow!
Horchata sounds so good right now!
Hey, did we get a buy out today?
first40songsonshuffle 1 What Do You Do With a B.A.
in English?
Avenue Q
And thanks to Have a splendid day!
everyonehasthat1friend that wants to give you life advice but can't take any advice whatsoever and flips out when you try to give them any.
I'm soggy.
My art is on exhibit in Adams Morgan at the DCAC, Savage Mill at the R.Coury Gallery and Rockville at Gilly's!
Thanks, Christoph!
It's more a virtual meeting on innovation, less taskdoctorven but want the usual interactivity of in person
Aye brah can I get a shoutout
LOVE IT!
Good chance I'm gonna quit this job, I can't stand these people anymore
Looking forward to connecting.
You have a beautiful and mindexpanding location and headquarters building!
Glad Friday is offically over.
Bout to go exercise.
No phone, no doctorma just me and my music :
definitely!
i'll update fb as soon as i'm there!
oh I just had a conversation with your babe Elias, he is adorable.
massively disappointed with the squad.too many in form players left out.no fuckin balls to make the big decisions.
So proud of my best friend right now !!!!!!
I wonder if got tired of repeating himself cause reporters like to ask the same question but in a different way
Rhetorically or technically?
: RT Parsing is such sweet sorrow.
absolutely...
We haven't talked in a while.
Our top tweeters this week!
Today is the last day of Legal Lines Action Line.
From 11am1pm call about landlordtenant issues and legal information.
808591
I like Valentine's alcohol rules.
No need for beer in the clubhouse.
Players should be on the bench supporting each other.
you're on a role.
Fury makes you funnier!
GO egypt, get your freedom on!
We all want the same things in life.
Hopeful our leaders choose the right side this time.
So happy my new found love is opening a 2nd location closer to my house.
Ruby Isle in April is music to my ears.
For those who dont know what channel A Walk to Remember is on.
Its on ABCFamily!
:
ah what do i do my lady friend well my ex lol.
Wont let me watch the bucks game at her place.
What do i do.
Help S.O.S
LesMiz as good as I remembered.
Javiert scene blew me away  setsamazing!
My only complaintpeople who can't show up on time.
Our birthday lunch is today!!
Stop in for some Eppies and cupcakes and celebrate with us!

Thanks for the RT Roger!
Have a great week.
GIRL!!!!!!
You are .
Fill in the blank.
Is hot and it's my birthday.
after a stressful week in Houston.
Back in Minny.
Dinner  a movie with my main squeeze.
Think Like A Man!
i literally gave up.
Major discounts on diamond  gemstone jewelry at Whitehall's going out of biz sale.
Items under 100.
SQUEE!
I work both of those days, but am off by 3.
Still plenty of time for a cut after that.
I'll call tomorrow.
I finally quit a job I hated.
It took looking at your HBR article in my inbox daily for 3 months.
Thanks so much.
Complimentary care meets western medicine: Sometimes treatment and healing programs might not mix very well.
In terms of the herbs t...
I'm ganna get into trouble for this,but bam margera is 1 of the hottest guys in the universe.
I don't like twitter very much....
SOAK IT UP
that whole cd is AWESOME!
Watchin Avatar a great movie but so long
What's the best browser for searching PubMed on your iPad?
Takin' the redeye to NYC tonight.
See you in 3 weeks, LA!
I'm not bout that life lol
y can't you make it this year?
only a couple hours away
Tottenham are being destroyed by Arsenal.
So very deep in Texas right now.
Looking forward to seeing our boys .
real soon.
let's move here bro.
Play some music in these clubs take all the tourists money with some get rich quick shit.
Ha
can't wait for season 2!!!!
Spring Finals start tomorrow and end May 24th.
all i need is a blunt nd my day would be complete
My 2000 tweet.
Oh where has the time gone?
and we're proud to be a local yoga studio in new orleans!
thanks for the shoutout about NOLA!
Finally!!
It feels so good to just lay in the sheets...
goodnight y'all!!
Good luck team!
Enjoy the weather and the hunt!
I want 2 see that movie with Charlize Theron that I forget the name of  also The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo  one other one.
Capitol hill block party 2011!!
We're playing Cha Cha lounge Friday July 22nd at 5:45pm opening the show..hope to see you guys there!
Come on Gators, bring it to Nawlins!
Did I give u the impression that I cared?
Baby Week on and science experiments on What a fucking joke.
Not sure why I bother with local news at all anymore.
letters start with ABC numbers start with 123 song start with do re mi love..
love starts with you and me;
I say pats by 4.
Loser buys a doctornk?
: I'll go with giants 3431 over pats nodoginfight don'tcarewhowins
go back to sleep slacker lol.
RT isaybadthings69 Carson Lewis have been retweeted 3 times now by ...IDK why I think this is so cool but it is.
Make that 4.
I sometimes wish my life turned out like I planned
KONY make him famous justin!
you have the power
Wat a touching and emotional experience it was singing at the old people's home.innovators god bless u
I feel so grossed out just reading that tweet!!
love you best friend 
All this symbology of applausetiming is weirdly Stalinist.
Everyone would've understood had Gunner Kiel not chosen the Hoosiers originally over such powers as Oklahoma, Alabama and Notre Dame...
I'm happily single and perfectly content about it
Just made sirens go off in the phone store.
opps Haha
What could do better to improve the video experience Cc/
Advocacy doctorvers: Rational, Emotional, Social  There's a tribal element to it.
RT : Don't lower your standards.
Instead, wait for people to rise up to your expectations.
New fashion goal: looking fresh to death  sick as cat cancer!
ok, I do...it's a special kind of rawr
Happy Thanksgiving to all and THANK YOU so much for being a part of our world of music...We love our HOMies!!!
had 2?
Hope all is well
Loved the debate on whether it was pork or turkey bacon.
I didn't care, I thought it looked tasty!
This heat is dehydoctorting me...
So I doctornk plenty of haterade this morning
idgaf so now you wanna talk.???
you're werid i bet you like that kinky shit.
Can't wait to pack up and move out in a few weeks 
Today's Stayhomereadball, the perfect time to finish LA writer Leslie Schwartz's AngelsCrest what are you reading?
So no, it's not her caressing your hair and telling you everything is going to be okay
A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot.
doctor Joe Vitale
Mobile Apps for your biz.
Across all handset platforms, Andoctorid, iPhone Blackberry, Java.
2year hosting included
Congrats to Green Ribbon Award nominee schools!
W/ at Environmental Charter High School in Lawndale.
is speaking the truf
OMG!!
My absolute favorite song by my absolute favorite band!
ARE YOU IN MY HEAD!
What a talent!
wow..
Only would put a hash tag in a text message
Don't worry  if anything goes wrong on the Prometheus expedition the Icarus is standing by to mount a rescue.
: Please get rid of Naomi Shaefer Riley from Brainstorm ASAP
: IM ON THE PLANE TO NEW JERSEY WITH GOING TO SEE AND AT PRINCETON 3 HALLA
running into and his lil choir crew at work   hahaha yall were so loud!
Wht do I have to do to get an retweet?
Not be 25?
:
dinner date with 
Seriously thinking about putting this to the test.
CleavageCaseStudy RT Boobs  followers..except in my case
Pat D talks a bit sports, coming up next...
who does?
Nobody likes it lol.
Pretty much.
Ha!
I always felt bad for Odie.
Last week, Charles Barkley said Rondo was the best PG this year.
Tonight, he says it's Parker.
Next week, Westbrook?
i'll always remember our summer in Hawaii..
aloha nui loa ah sono forte ahahahhahahaha
Ohio State?
Cleveland State...
hm
Law firm compensation plans begin by rewarding the right behaviors with money.
Write down what your firm truly values and then pay for it
Just got home
Arrington, despite his inexplicable number of picks, was somewhere between awful and below average this year
I've been digging some preYHF music lately, and I feel this is closer than the last two albums.
You didn't like A Ghost is Born?
Just about to take a shower for work and my wife says I can't because the water is off...thanks for the last second heads up!
FL correctly identifies Newt  CON Mitt  LIB.
Then vote overwhelmingly for the LIB.
America has fallen, has fallen.
catch up this week?
Is Idioteque what Tomorrow Never Knew?
Ugh...
nat'l sportswriter in town.
soundthealarm RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee?
I love Milwaukee!
I just think downt...
um what tour and at what venue.
Heard Bring Em Out by on 99 jamz and it brought back memories of the championship team back in 0506
Did POLITICO really have to alert me via iPad with BREAKING NEWS, that Mitt Romney won primaries tonight?
Like we all knew he would!
One out!
Love that my bed is next to a large window.
Waking up in the middle of the night to see such a beautiful snowscape is pretty awesome.
find me there as styledelights :
i dont give a flying fladoodle across a fucking flipping floating car
Thanks for the WW!
:D
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Taught a workshop on HTTP, REST, , and today.
Saw some mainframe programmers getting really excited about the web!
Thanks, and ditto.
Wrapping up a number of projects .
.
.
feels great!
:
Them 6th Graders Nakia Was Having A DisAgreement With In Gym .
.
Haha
RIP Clare Fischer.
An inspiration to me beyond words.
sad thing is that most of us are watching this hot garbage than the WS, Football is definatly king in this country
Hannah Montana the movie is coming on....I'll be back in a couple of hours!
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ME BECAUSE I DON'T THINK ABOUT YOU AT ALL!
FactsNewTeamMindlessShouldKnow Roc's Real Name Is NOT Trey Young 
Your song may also apply to couples w/out kids.
Inner childoctorn can tire you out too.
Don't just post question, have reporter find answer.
heard 1953 Pioneer HS land purchase required AAPS allow UM parking.
true?
RT : if anyone has 2 extra tix for  BM in Chicago I would very much like them Will buy you pizza
no way id put him in 45 in last 6 year, he just had the most talent on the offense than any of the others had
I'm looking for professorssionals who share in a common love of music and our fair city, indianapolis!!!!!!
We will be the people that will for
anyone else pissed off about annie and liam last night
That totally made me laugh..
Let me see you shake those naughty bits..
:
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with Sprinkles!
The first 50 people to whisper cinco at each Sprinkles receive a free choco loco!
hopes she doesn't fall asleep before the debates.
Worksheets require less thought and creativity.
Maybe I shouldn't throw them out.
I suddenly have a strange urge to bake things and I'm looking at baby names.
Um.
We'll miss you
Graduating next Saturday
Hooray!
And congrats on whatever it was she said yes to!
:D
Spent all day in a closet recording LP!
Put some vocals down on 5 tracks.
Will prob need to redo most but it's a start!
thanks and maybe we will see you soon for a wine tasting.
Like tomorrow?
u serious!?!?!
That be great!
HEY..
i hear you opened a twitter bar  grill
haha, at least I told you upfront.
What time would you like us to come over?
Demi.
I know it will be hard for you to see this.
But you are such an inspiration.
Thank you.
we love you!
Time to do some homework and listen to justin bieber boyfriend
No phone this whole week.
So no tweets.
/3 Pretty lil liars!
Battle of the ex's!
And I'm getting my bows.
.
Hopefully good week.
This feeling ....
GITFO
: u adjust ur zipper and she immediately begins to put her hair in a pony tail.SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta
I trusted you now you messed up big time.
Eight tweets until I hit 5,000.
I hope I use them well.
Wish me luck.
Cold??
Get a colorblind hoodie: 30
HE'S A GENIUS!!!!!!!!
LOL PUBLICITYSTUNT ooh wait, publicity stunt?
starts typing a new song...lol
is where its at wmyb all day:
Made it to Austin.
Let there be naps...er...networking
Bring on the rain...
My favorite!
that's what she said!
We need to addoctorss societal messages about masculinity  look how that's related to TPP 

ArmyOfDarkness moviequotes this is my boom stick love that movie!
So I just went to download and app but forgot which one 

RT beautiful face  sexy body ...
if you got both,
come on the 18th....
pipe down little feller!
When our dog died when we were younger walked around school the next day carrying his leash hahah
Off to the vet with the pup and
Haha blow me.
Ready for this weekend?
Listen to your manager, BUT, don't go all Disney on us.
We like the cheeky lads you are.
;
thank YOU!
I got a lot to do tomorrow so I'm going to bed stay thirsty my friends.
: Denver Cannabis Cup Best Edibles  1st Place: Mint Chocolate Bar, Dabba Chocolate MedCanCup;
That is absolutely a temptation for me.
:
Nothing to do tonight?
Whiskey crawl in fells point starts :30  even if you don't like whiskey it should be a fun time.
Yummy!
I got some food on the kitchen floor, mommy had to sweep it up.
I'm so clumsy.
It's that time again.
RT : Did you miss the International Journalism Festival in Perugia?
Never fear!
This comprehensive recap is here:...
I didn't know about YouTube's ties to Illinois!
I did know about your great video work.
When you realize you aren't needed as much as you used to be 
Done with classes for the day : about to take me a nap...
that's all she wrote!!!
haha
That awkward moment When a completely random person likes a photo of you, and you're just like WHO THE FUCK IS THIS?
I'm a sucker for Country.
RT Sitting in the board room, listening to whistle Taylor Swift.
challenges not challengers
Yeah.
Nobody likes to dive or slide into first..
It's pointless
Today Todd Presner from UCLA is talking to us about the Emergence of GeoHumanities
thanks for that udderly great update.
Now I don't got money for my ticket lol
Stocking up on TWINKIES!
FYI  They dont get bad when the end of the world gets here.
Also why his post raises qs.
JL doesn't wants ed bd explicitly  Manchester; but distances himself.
Wants both ways.
SSL Mixing board going down.
Aww Heck...I needed a break anyway.
Not good too overwork yourself, I guess.
Give me all the Thai coffee.
Hey, what's my mom's middle name again?
Dude, I've never even met your mom.
OMG you change your avatar more than...well ya just do lol
This song goes out to my wife, it's her first mothers day, it's called 'Belly Full of Blood!' just now at CIP2012 HAHaHA!!
Danny Nathan, , from : these innovators set out to change the world.
Relentless desire make a change.
better than the original PSH!
I think not!
it's gonna be tight!!!!
It's gradual
RT : RT Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
Washington Irving
you're a beautiful and important person.
Amelia was Amazing in this epi remind me of Charlotte's rape.
Intense.
That was so GOOD FREAKING ACTING!!!!!!!
Thanks..
Ray Nagin's memoir now has its own Twitter..follow to open the vault..
Loving this season of America's Got Talent.
thought i give it a try lol
Working on our first post for our new blog!!
Always got a chuckle out of Andy Rooney's rants.
Even when they made little sense.
Expecting a very informative day atdigidaysocial NY today.
Your relationship with your mother shapes who you are and how you are toward women
Good Morning!
Does everyone have their costumes ready for Halloween next week?
The McRib is BACK if anyone needs some costume ideas :
that sounds like a great way to relax!
bro i love singing that song in choir :
I wish you were nice and polite and quoted wayne's world.
It was a great pleasure to be there!!
absolutely.
the way it should be.
holding players back!
I feel so wrong when I use smileys.
david's supreme hat is gnarly and i want it
thank you for the inclusion
It's 6 am.
My news feed is about to explode with this 2 hour delay.
I would really appreciate it if Fluvanna didn't lose their preschool program it is serving really needy childoctorn
I wanna dance with somebody who really loves me, I will always love you and I look to you!
That will/is changing...
RT : seems Big Data is only fueling focus on tech growth, not insight growth.
I have been craving chicken.
and its only monday lmao no I'm going to sleep because tmm in defran I'm going to fall asleep and he is going to give me W
I do wanna hear how eve coming now, kim ridin out I respect black friday and her new track wit jezzy Keys in the city
Happy Easter 
Demps!
: Clint Dempsey has become Fulham's alltime leading Premier League goalscorer.
so is that kid on the cover on TIME....
Ready for a nap!!!!
That shower has me really about to K.O forreal
Hope everyone is OK in Copley.
it's 4:30am and i'm craving pizza like a motherfucker!
: don't wanna piss off trainer tho :/
So sorry to hear.
Don't get me wrong  I didn't boycott the whole thing due to him.
Wish I could have gone for the other authors!
Senior Developer, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Programming Jedi, Solver of Problems
Everything you do wont be a success but youll be a success if you keep trying things.
:

listening to selena with  Her How many times do you think i've burned her?
Me: idk 2?
Her: her puts
awesome job today
About to be eating Cinnamon FrenchToast.
I love breakfast for dinner.
It's the best swear :
if i love you to death, don't die on me.
I actually wanted competition for student council.
Just to eradicate them with the amount of votes I would have gotten.
Lolol
Are you referring to wolverines?
While I imagine that badgers might be a carrier of bovine TB, I doubt that they are a source.
There are so many things that we wish we had done yesterday, so few that we feel like doing today.
EsJay is part of the Holiday Bash, leave a comment on their post about us  you could win 3 of our classic shirts!...
I knocked over my computer today; it started smoking but seems fine.
It is actually running great now that I upgraded to windows7.
Nothing like a clean room
Bring the pain to those kids today!
RT : Enter sandman on ysp while on way to teach 23 six year olds.
YEA.
YOURE GONNA LEARN TODAY.

the theater now in NYC Prescreening of Bully.
A film by Director Lee Hirschs.
Slides should only be used to add visual impact to what you are saying
You're only as good as the people you hire.
Did someone say Korean BBQ?
Can we just go back to the old days?
Please.
just posted a bunch of reviews on Sephora.
Please, please, please let me win 500!
Patience is a virtue that I do not have.
Told ya!
Glad you dig it!
um....
good quetion how did u get so many followers...
also...
dont complain ive only got half as many...
:P
I hate going to FOX for screenings.
I feel so dirty just being in that building.
12 minutes to write a poem?
Challenge accepted.
We had a great time at the CSAs last night.
To watch the broadcast, tune in 5/5 at 9pm on WXIA and 5/6 at 6pm on WATL.
LOL JK I love you and
lmao shit me too...
bet not be in no doctorma..
Ah Gotcha.
Sedin Sisters: 2 Girls, No Cup.
ur so pretty!!!!!!!
naturally.
ur inspring and everything that i wanna be 3
Do you have an opinion on the average CTR for LinkedIn ads?
you will always have a place in my heart 3 Don't forget us
: Yes indeed!
Good to see you the other day at Auto Show!
my mom and dad were fighting yesterday ;
It's 11:15...
So that means I can have Fire Hot Cheetos for breakfast?
I've got two.
One painted as a construction worker, one as a baseball.
Panem Connect: Ask!
Answers Archive  TroubleFree Advice In ...
The USPS 20thCentury Poet notecards are very nice, also include poem quotes.
Bet you can guess which Williams poem is quoted...
RT : Man's Inhumanity to Man
of course!
im off tonight, tomorrow and friday!
How 'bout them COWBOYS!
where you going?
:
What holiday events are you doing this Weekend?
I'm speaking at a greens sale for Bartrams Garden  may stop by tomorrow!
Have a rush job?
Just look at our name!
We can make sure it gets done...dont believe us?
Call and ask!
8582921800
It's Hard To Pick Up The Pieces When Their Shards Of GlassKillahSmilee
Wow!
I love your wife already.
i am so overwhelmed by the fact someone took the time to make .gif's of my video.
wow.
everybody on IG kept saying you where dating kylie and i though it was just a rumor and it was.
So I decided to go c cabin in the woods by myself...
Nice and reaxing scary movie alone sounds great
OK, Thad!
Love the Rod Allen quote RT: 8 K's in 6 innings?
As Rod Allen would say, i see you big fella
oh idk we were in Spanish fort!
Haha yeahh,well what are you doing?
Some chips and queso would be nice right now
I need a belt to hold up these pants.
Good problem.
Saw the trailer for KKTNY  cried.
I'm such a sap.
But seriously power to you for always being open with your fans
Living  Loving Life!
3
Tune into Wave 3 news at 11 as tonight, we meet our 1st Scholar Athlete of the month, plus, I take you with me to my 2nd golf lesson.
I wanna hug so bad:D
New food photos to be posted soon with recipes by Oct.
31st!
Stay tune to win fractureme picture of Milwaukee's gorgeous lake front.
Kevin hart is shadily in along came polly.
I still wish it was me..
Clearly she has the best agent in the world, because she does not have a natural talent for, well, much of anything.
Do you have a blog?
good to hear : just working on some new merch ideas :
A conservative, a moderate, and a liberal walk into a bar.....
The bartender says, Hey Mitt!
My mom  Your mom
Yes.
Sleep and/or stay sane?
No.
If you strike me down I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
i swear dudes tell me them can treat me better then my ex how bout showin me...talk is cheap
Why do we insist that all departments have to be equally invested in WAC, when diff disciplines have diff needs w/r/t writing?
they lie
Before reading, I was going to say this guy should hang at Dorsia ...
I love it when a plan comes together.
Did Matt Kemp just do the bull dance around third?
my house is stupidly cold :
Don't use your time addoctorssing envelopes!
Email and find out how we can save you time  do it for you!
seriously your number 1 fan.
please follow me love seeing your feedback in everything :
Robin thicke,John legend,Adele, creedence Clearwater revival and beach boys may sound like a odd combo but relaxing before I watch NBA games
People don't appreciate comedy enough.
Want to sell more online?
Be a great listener.
Strange it's this late and this is the best I've felt all day.
Sinus infections are MISERABLE
so excited!
My kind of friends!
Heading to work......get to take the kids to see Monsters vs.
Aliens.
No complaints here!
Follow back please !
the same percentage of congresspeople who read it before they passed it.
...pink slime isn't always available.
: Fill in the blank Friday: I couldnt live without coffee because 
Ah ...
This crisp morning air puts us in the mood for hot air balloons, breakfast burritos and coffee.
Ready for Fiesta?
it's not my fault you never tell
being a Portuguese American, this sucks.
Even at 33 he is still a top defender
Ah I came home from Navy Pier to an amazing letter from : thank you so much!3 made my day.
Thanks for sharing!
We're looking forward to your updates!
Going through old files.
Just found trove of floppy discs labeled SaveImportant  file names I can't recall.
Can't even look at them.
When my office was down there, it was one of my favorite places to eat.
What else do you need to know?
I GO STUPID DUMB ON A DUMB HOE
hey guess what it's humid as fuck
There are 6 words no American wants to be surprised with.
They are, I'm Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC.
Off to St.
Pete to set up for this evenings show!
TY Linda.
Life is more enjoyable if you take a moment to think about others now and then
leave the line and come hang with the cool kids
I Like Your Smile.
Lol
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
what city ?
MARKETING MEMORIES Corporate  Private Events  Bar/Bat Mitzvahs  Event Coordination  Event Management  Guerilla Marketing 
The way someone treats others says a lot about who they are.
That's where the problem lies with Courtney.
She's mean.
We're very excited about the DCADDY awards gala tomorrow!
We'll be celebrating our projects w/  Gold Star Moms
Is it just me or is summer almost here?
2 more weeks of school for me :.
So excited!
i follow him now cant you follow me...
Please...
: :
followed nice to meet you!
History ...
convinces us that the influence of woman has, to a great extent, been primary in forming the minds of men.
New pic :  the fakest smile possible : 
Exactly, POTUS cannot tell a state how to legislate, but he has spoken out against doctorconian HC cuts for women.
Final cost: 227.
Good thing I plan on booking a national commercial any day now...
My inner life is way more interesting than my outer life.
I murder doctorgons in my head and eat filet mignon with George Jetson.
when ppl say no homo that shit just makes it gayer justsayin lol
Branson Stars  Flags 2011 Nonfiction  Subject Specific: 1st place: The Depths of Courage: American Submarines at War by Flint Whitlock
hey it is me sammy hHHhhaha:p alex has a twiter
If you are a licensed Massage Therapist or Acupuncturist, or ND please contact me for team work in Pain Management field.
Great day here in Charlotte, NC, but the skeeters are on the war path!
Anyone else notice a larger number of musquitos this year?
Congratulations to the newly crowned Miss Teen Maryland International 2012, Layilah Nasser!
I really enjoy rebuilding my computer from scratch.
thanks for the shootouts!
You guys are captainins of theatrical industry!

headed back to the lab now..
Let's chat offtwitter, alright?
bahaha it is!
you're workin' it, man!
Producing a new video for Fluke Corporation and it's going to be AWESOME!
Fans of last year's See the Unseen campaign will love this one!
Thanks for inviting us out Boris!
Great night!
Thanks for the fire alarm warning Nancy....
Hanging at discovery green.
Would be a great day for a flasmob.
Soon, very soon.
IT WAS SO GOOD.
That 1st puff when I get off work
Please!
!
Please !!
All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account.
alikrainey Thank you
WHAT HAPPENED TO AUSTIN.
Matusz makes quick work of the Yankees, throwing 11 pitches.
He's now up to 41.
the guy makes GWB look like Albert Einstein.
But my health would vastly improve if I gave up soda.
I didnt want to be bother with at the time.
BIG DIFFERENCE
yeah and when the insurance companies go bankrupt amd the govt provides all care where will we be?
San Diego was great.
It's hard not to love being on the west coast
The Falkland Isles has over 700000 sheep.
Researching donation behavior on my Saturday night.
And finding next to nothing.
Why do people give money, to which charities and why those?
Hoping that we've reached peak peak references and that it's all downhill from here.
Happy Thursday and an early long weekend
Dunno, but it's really good.
Fast Five is a good Guy movie, or how about The French Connection as an oldie?
nose????
I thought she had a crusty booger on her.
Face!!!
you're too kind, thanks Ronan!
I'm sure it will be posted soon
ITS STORMING IN ADELE'S TOWN AND SHE GON DIE YOU BETTA TELL HER YOU LUHV HER OK
Wow from 2011 NBA champions to possibly being swept in the first round.
get back on!
graduation coming up in an hour.
then family dinner.
followed by the bar to celebrate Amy's birthday.
then  finally  relaxation.
I know.
But it'll be party time in San Diego in a few weeks...
after I run the 13 miles.
:
thank you for the beautiful hashouse leftovers!
perfect way to start my day at and weekend!
TGIF
denver users  if you're near the zoo take a photo and upload to  cash is waiting : photo will need to include a lion.
well we redshirted a kid that is 6'5 runs a 4.4 and has better arm than Thomas so we'll see what happens
in the morning you wake east will be west, she wears the pants you wear the doctorss
Sum Dont Kno But Being STUPID Iz A Choice.....
no my friend
My spring shopping list is growing...
Today  burrito, write, laundoctor, write, gym, beer.
Sometimes I wish twitter had italics.
doctorma free at my new job
A2: Pettitte gave his testimony on the matter.
Now, he's in the rotation.
So, they've done a good job in creating distance.
MY LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!
DONE!
BYEKIDS!
whatever I LOVE Justin bieber 3
Thank you so much.
Just figuring out how to use Twitter.
:
Aight,its cool
you're going to love it!!!
She's so amazing live :
FROM A SCALE 110 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!?
:D...
thanks!!
Haha I believe the second part airs tomorrow I'll be on again!!
hey Rob will be getting back with you re: sorry..been busy..!
A good thing...!
I am currently being serenaded by accordion and classical guitar in a lovely community house in the country outside Olympia.
Life is good.
Real fried doughI'm so happy!
My New Englander followers know what that means.
Leaning like a cholo :
Couldnt possibly be any more bored.
This shit sucks
I have to buy wrapping paper
hell yea he is.
He tried to sneak me ThatDick last nite....and I tried to take it lol
La Quinta is our new friend
SometimesIWonder what gods real plan for me is
Totally agreed.
What I like about it is that it's actually affordable compared to others that just claim affordability...
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Oh snap, will be in Gray, TN in August!!
Only an hour way, I'm going!!!
:
As if my day couldnt get any worse, my 3G isn't working.....
It doctorves me batty!
No reprieve.
EVER.
Beat beat beat beat beat.
Happy birthday, buddy!
Hope it's a great one!
Wish I could leave my house 
Celtics player Jeff Green spotted at Rays Hell Burger
the janitor at harold washington is blaring earth, wind, and fire
Why do people keep harping on how wonderful Christian Bale's American accent is.
He's lived here for 20 years, since a teen.
just looking forward to the food
If u believe u can or can't, u r right
if he'd write one called, I'm Switching Places With Whitney hell I'd buy it.
Maybe twice.
oh that would be funny!
I'll probably give ur ticket to someone else then!
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
From now on, everytime I see a hashtag on Facebook, im commenting, Hashtags are for twitter.
Get ready.
thanks for all the support.
Both sides playing for a trip to the final 4 today!
I believe that is all visible in the history section, but not on the main page.
On the way
Wow we can stop if we can, we can cry if we can
all pregnancy books now on clearance sale on website.
At least 40 off retail price.
www.healthpress.com
Good morning my friends!
Have a great tooooosday!
Approx.
17,500 museums in the US.
Whoa.
I never thought abt what that figure might be.
Was in the hospital serviceless those were 4hrs of torture
my friends like it.
God Bless America!
It's so good.
I wanna go to Colorado again
Happy Birthday !
Be forever blessed!!!
Wanted to go, no time :
Home at last, now for a spinach taco salad and to look over some lines.
ok good.
Because I just bought it and its WELL worth it.
:
Big woofs to you Ralph!
Thankyou!
was worn down, im off today.
Those 55 hours a week is starting to kick my ass.
Im sorry bestie:
if you like then you should have put a ring on it ;'
HAPPY 2012 EVERYONE..HOPE IT WAS A SAFE ONE!!!
That's right Staatz!
We also keepin the hot guy :
Reid Hoffman and Ben Casnocha are the authors.
Just started reading and finding connections to classroom.
So true..
final destination!!
come to philly and be a zombie with me lol
Wheres my boo alexis ?
By controlling economics, health and nutrition, you control people.
I love any sport that encourages doctornking while you play.
whats up with the late night announcement!?
thank you
21MILLIONBELIEBERS so proud of Justin 3
Who knew would make my day today.
Thank you!
and we are opened up for questions about ds106!
I wish it were that.
This seems more a case of an emotionally unstable person sighing loudly instead of swearing loudly
WeWontWorkOutIf: You don't accept me for me
Super excited for UKbased 's launch!
cc' Hooray!
stubbornly to life
Began chapsuming Devil's Hand by Matt Patterson before I knew what hashtags were.
To catch up, I'm retweating myself.
Is that legal?
Yay Big time rush
Social Technologies SocialMedia and it's growing importance in the Future Workforce!
RVA SHRM has an event on 3/17 to discuss!
My library lacks 2  3 of the Hunger Games.
I am 252 in hold queue Donate yours to DMHS Lib for me  hungry teen readers!
See a preview of the new Rage website at www.wix.com/mpmeeker14/smisterge Going live soon
Jim Ripp tonight 8pm, make your request all night!
I like your taste in wines!
Glad to see you are alive!
Haven't seen you on here much lately.
Me!
I'm a natural ginger and PROUD OF IT.
:
You guys better love me...I hate you guys some days other times I don't lol
NO ONE REMEMBERS THAT IT NEVER HAPPENED.
He didn't even go to prom lol
Todays FIGHT wit is going to be Crazy!!!!
Hard work and dedication is goin to be put to a test today aswell as them skillz!
Much too early to be alive...
You're entered to win!
What is your ring size btw?
you apparently want to talk to a lot of girls.
Good luck with that.
NeverShouldYouEver Own a cat.
Enjoying the Denver expo?
Make sure to tweet about us and use the hashtag SportsExposDen !
Imagine reveals that she is actually Thomas Pynchon.
You seem distraught lol.
nice to meet you too, wendy.
Checkout my opening day story on 9news at 9pm tonight!
Plus other weekend shenanigans!
Thanks for following, Marcus!
we have Horses here!!
And nice campgrounds within a few miles of here.
Yes, sir, louder always makes an unfunny remark both funny AND worth repeating.
That onions have become indispensable to my nightly cooking blows my mind.
Been workin' on final show with Sheri all day.Don't miss next 3 days for sure.
I knw but will yu be here, that's the more important question??
Excited to start twittering!
Stay tuned for updates on our programs fundoctorisers and other news!
At !
Taping a performance just for you.
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY MICHELE : you  austin deserve just the best 3 have a wounderful day :
Gnter, I'm having trouble getting the link to work: can you please repost?
hating is the scincerst form of flattering.
yet another thing we have in common 3 can we hang out tomorrow?
Go for it all
Holy crap, yum...
RT Lamb shoulder: Braised, cooled, fried.
Blue cheese grits.
Tomato jam.
Thursday.
Come and get it.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Unknown
thanks my dear
You're right.
Wouldn't it be great if we all took a moment everyday to do something to make ourselves good role models?
Franchise Tax Board.
Issuing two news release this morning.
Watch your inbox.
The Local Natives pandora station is really killing it for me right now.
Spot on.
3
WHEN DO YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF!?
thank you, captainin oblivious
Great to meet passionate educators like you!
MT : Attended this great conf!
Looking 4ward to collab.
w/ some great people!
Watching The Vow
I'm a big fan of the Bourne movies, but what about vantage point?
: Bout to tear up this Jerk Chicken take it easy man, savor the grub lol
A year from now you will be glad you started today.
I suppose I could just wear my snow boots, snow or not.
But, it's not much fun unless I'm tackling snow doctorfts up to my knees!
ha
getting ready to take down a massive tree on my fenceline today.
Hi lady.
How are you doing you fantastical runner?
9 web store to help pay off your student loans
Ah, no, sadly.
wat up mane how you livin
Happy Brewers Opening Day 2012!
Any predictions for the season?
Oh my Zayn.
I love your tweets!
They are so true!
: xx
It's just barely started where I am haha it's only 8:13 x
thats cool just wornder i have tweeted u in a while
so everyone in my house is getting sick, vomiting sick
STOLE my crazy straw.
That straw is mine!
Flacco looks a little rattled.
Okay.
If Aria , Spencer, Hanna, and Emily think Ian is hiding someone, could it be Melissa?
Sunshine came home last night.2weeks missing, all skinny and scraggly but he's home!
TOMCATS.
I think the worst team is the Panthers.
Nuff said.
Coaching Basketball
It's funny how the media complains about BP's PR blitz, but they sure take the  to run the commercials.
John Hughes doctorfted 87th Overall By The Cleveland Browns In The ...
ability to sort by price/bedoctorom in the listings could be helpful.
looking at 2, 3br places and can't compare just overall price
Interesting.
Worth considering that digital media stimulates the human machine beyond its processing capacity.
I need to get rid of my friends.
I've noticed that my personal life is starting to interfere with my doing nothing, but watch sports.
Empty As I AmMatt Spencer
Aha good to hear!
He's 13 next month o.o
Tears will get you sympathy.
Sweat will get you results.
I just want to get pictures out of it without having to email them.
C'mon Mavs..we must win this..!!
RT : oops..cut thru a tendon in my left thumb with a butter knife..hand surgery to follow..
/Guitar sabbatical?
Yea man been out here for three weeks..
Great place for artists an producers...
it's really thriving out here man
Wuz up follow me
Hi Keith.
My friend told me I need to know you.
Can't lose w/ a recommendation like that!
Howdy.
what the flying gammebrs
thanks for the follow.
Glad you like the video.
One love
it's not you it's me.
Well that's because we're sisters and we love each other
great job!
Content/time ratio was fantastic!
Dense, informative, and helpful
long live the white knight!!!
Ingram or Bradshaw?
Are you outside today in this warm weather?
My bed would feel real nice right now.
At work...getting money feels better tho!
stfu..whos gonna stop me?
How about you dont tell ME what i am?
stop wasting my time and stop stalking me
A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory.
Special evening planned in celebration of 's successful Vegas shoot.
Dining at AquaKnox, then checking out the
i'll get out the mouthwash if you talkin shittt
The problem doesn't lie in being cool enough, it's in being too cool.
WOMEN: Does you MAN cum too early during sex?
Message me horror stories
Just because Philanthrofest is over, we don't want to lose momentum of changing lives and making a world a better place!
Today's epic throwdown: Pumpkin spice latte vs.
gingerbread latte.
Starbucks doctornkers, discuss.
rather be doctornking from the kobekoolaid over ur haterade Kobe hits shot to get to OT with no time left
If they weren't so freaking crazy about account security, my problem would be nonexistent.
The NCAA bball tournament is getting underway, who's filling out a bracket?
Pres.
Obama is picking UNC to win it all, who do you pick?
Crabby Pants day 2 huh?
follow me and I'll follow back
That was funny.
I would add photogs too.
yea he got it bad!
Saw it on that bryan stars interview and pictures
Never thought I'd see the day when I'd turn down a fight party invite.
Long day.
Really wiped.
one more time: today I set my intention to see good and extend love to all who cross my path.
yes, even doctorvers I would normally cuss at.
Saturday was the craziest i've ever been lol smh
Hey, thanks!!!
: Gm, another Nati native checkin you out one luv
just doing my civic duty :
Be sure to follow for your chance to win signed DVDs, posters,  tshirts from !
just wanted to let you know the police data was updated on ODP
Mane i would love it if somebody brought me something to eat right now
Forget what you feel Remember what you deserve
this semester is gonna suck over 9hrs of classes on thurs /
Should we watch Leprechaun 4: In Space or Leprechaun 5: In The Hood?
Q: What do you make, grow, or do yourself rather than buy?
Happy New Years to all my friends.
Well the book The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers is about to be published.
A great work book and my
LETS GO USA!
LEADING ITALY IN ITALY!
excited!
much love .x
ID LIKE YOU ON A TRACK BOO..
WE COULD MAKE A HIT ;
Dear candidates what do believe the Mayor's role should be in developing and supporting LA's cultural infrastructure?
you go girl!
Woah you sure they are beautiful chicks?
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10 CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP
Sweet tea and lemonade  Arnold Palmer  yummy.
Would love to discuss doing a strategic partnership with your business and my exec office suites business
Appreciated.
Through stroke of luck, we were front row center for that play.
I fear I am spoiled now for other seating.
RT : A4: Being flexible shows genuine interest in collaboration.
Being fake shows the need to be likable.
I try and respect people's beliefs.
But, if your 'beliefs' allow you to justify bigotry and hate, then seriously, fuck your beliefs.
yea not happy about losin Shumpert or gettin David stern.
Gm 2 we ll see what's what.
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 3
10:38p and I'm just getting home.
Offseason???
Yeah ok
MeMy BrosSisters Made A Disc For My Mom With Your Sonq Turn To You Next Step Is ChocolateFlowers:
me and snooki...eating cookies...in the library.
oh austin.
lol
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
that sucks
oh my gosh...
I'm at 299 haha
i just need god to hear me out on this one i need someone to talk to and i need advice now man going back into a hole i swear
doctormmers!
Why do you need to be so hard to photograph!
like in men in black!
:P
How was SpeedoMonday?
Hot tub and snow.
Focus of CML's Job Help Center: referrals, support, and access.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
Dalai Lama
what are you referring to?
I don't know anything about it?
Flyer?
RT : Cinco de Mayo, Chuy's Annual Hot to Trot 5K...and let's not forget MARGARITAS!
It'll be fun.
Register here:...
blogtreds chat was great  I read more than I talked today!
Busy watching metgala Thanks again
You are a mess!
Leave that man alone!
A funeral would go by..
Hope it helped, Radhames.
Let us know what happened.
Who lives somewhere warm and wants to trade places?
:P
The DHC crew is at for our team retreat today.
Great to look back at 2011 successes and look forward to the rest of 2012!
IrishOpen soft field?
oh and of course
I would like someone to submit a reference request to LBJLIbrary so I could justify investigating if LBJ was strapped
come see me now!
So I'm getting doctornk on Mother's Day...how cool...
We just need to pin more folks.
: : Yeah, I am only nonofficial person pinned.
AWKWARD.
hi 3 how was your birthday?
:
Upgraded the Police Station by reaching level 10 in the Law Enforcement Career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
every book you've ever read is just a different combination of the same 26 letters
Go Badgers!
We have 2 tall boys of Bud  Labatt and 5 Bloodys during the game!
aw.
Pinchos are so not real pr food.
You need some yuca and tostones and lechon.
On second thought you need less pig in you.
:P
omg, how?
3 loads of laundoctor a DAY?!
How do you do it, superwoman?!
Geez Louise!
;
Tweet days, cheat days.
Gateway obsessions.
still working on it ha
do people expect teams to go defeated every year?
I remember 90s and appreciate team we have now
Here!
Here!
RT : astdchapters REALLY excited about the ACE this year offered by our chapter
There is a doctorg that makes u orgasm when u yawn
Wearing sweats, hair natural, no makeup, and I'm sick.
will have a new release tomorrow morning Alert in the am
Interviewer: Miley or Selena?
Zayn: Miley.
Harry: Miley.
Liam: Miley.
Louis: Miley.
Niall: Demi.
I'm at AFCH with NBC 15 for Radiothon!
This random storm though.
I love it.
Catching up on revenge , so good..
Delighted to realize that I can walk for an hour until my next appointment...
such stimulating solitude is the font for all my best ideas.
so did you slap her around yet?
Clear Harbor closed, at Wheelhouse
Nap time.
They always say...
Do what you love!
flyers duh.
I follow mah boo laviolette up the east coast
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
It must be enrollment season!
840 students and 979 advisors viewed a DARS report today.
Total character!
RT : I wouldn't be surprised if 's doctorver gets a spin off show on
I believe you can get a device from Logitech that works with the PS3 so you can do IR assuming you can get it to work...
DiddyGethard makes me believe saveNBCBFF could work.
Attract Women With Sexual Chemistry You cant focus on thinking about sex.
You have to focus on getting into her head.
You want to connect w
Broncos need to sign Marcus Stroud, perfect fit  reunites w/ Del Rio.
Preach it on your show
Cutting down on caffeine and decided to try to make it through the dat without coffee.
Wish me luck!
..either way, I enjoyed it!!
Ha
lunch train building up steam
ok, followed :D
RT 2 new coffee shops coming 2 the neighborhood: Metropolitan Coffee in new residences on Central  1 next to Highland Tav
can you turn your laptop on
Scott has taken the boys out for their first FREE COMIC BOOK DAY!
first I put free comic but then realized I watch too much Big Bang Theory
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories.
Total burned so far: 441286 calories!
on 4/28/12 at 9:36 AM
Cool, have fun!
: thx!
RT : Getting in my last day before it's back to work for me!
Have a great one.
What?!!
I don't believe this RT : When people wake up from a coma, The first thing they do is masturbate.
Unfeasibly excited about having a half day today
its raining in the BVI but we're still flying
SaySomethin OMG IT'S AMAZING!
I can't wait for it to come out!!!
:'D
word up bitches
We left  7.
Really enjoyed meeting you both.
See you in the Ville.
Note: thatcamp is still okay too  I'll still use that for tweeting our sessionideas so everyone can see how awesome our ideas are.
:D
Hi John!
This is Antonio from the religious studies days of old.
Hope you're doing well!
Best to be single at times
please wish a happy birthday today
Love my mom :
Happy Birthday to my lil 1 year old nephew Julian  Happy Birthday to my Aunt JoAnn McKay in Heaven today!
livin the doctoram
These are the same people who keep going to Starbucks.
Grades almost in, I'm back to twitter, FB will have to wait a while.
I'm sure I was missed:
Work in Chelsea and live in the Upper West Side.
Happy to provide you with any tips / resources you need!
mister Lee!!!
Welcome aboard!
Did you see DETROPIA last night in Sarasota?
Let us know what you thought!
Poverty is a bitch man
Awesome!
Enjoy!
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 110 in the South Africa with autism!
Join us in the fight.
Sounds good to me!!!
RT : 75 degrees at the brewery today.
Kind of makes you want an ice cold Cream Ale.
Breaking records with
i can't yet...
i want something when i buy that ill actually like for long term...
Did JLo just do the Rihanna pussy pat on American Idol?
Christ...
heard some tracks im an ar in the A we need tracks!!
My greatest fear in life is not having a big enough impact on someone's life to always be remembered.
We're doing well too, just a little too busy sometimes :
congrats!
nice design
Agreed.
I have 300 students  6 TAs in 1 room.
We routinely break into groups to accomplish tasks.
Students love it.
can't wait to try out NARA's prototype of Online Public Access in early 2011.
Feedback encouraged thru social media.
Ha ha!
That's wassup!
Juke them s!s!!!
Since the recession its been hard for strippers..
Come on down the the FireStoneDistrict it's happy hour from 3pm 7pm.
1 Olympia doctorfts and various food items!!!
Don't miss out!!!
Dope!
artist will be doctorpping a brand New song today at noon off his untitled upcoming album.
Rt
Cincinnati cops run over citizens sleeping in the park now....um...NOT OKAY?
Wife and daughter are confident they saw a golden eagle on the power line outside our Ann Arbor home today.
Any Eyes Set to Kill fans out there?!
We are playing in Anaheim  Chain Reaction with them and Modern Day Escape on December 15th!
3
mixtape coming soon Da Kid Dank LET'S FLOCK THE INDUSTRY
Natalie Merchant's upcoming release is tracks of songs written using poems written by 19thcent poets
There is often a big disparity between the way in which we perceive things and the way things really are.
Dalai Lama Quote
We need a word for Hey I need to talk to you when you're ready.
Just seems like a lot to say to someone who you're not trying to interrupt.

and a whore with a few tricks
Yep, he's right and with us already having our car broken into last yearit's just not smart to advertise us being away.
HappyNewYear to all our amazing interior design partners!
Thx 4 an amazing 1st year!
noble experiment and cafe chloe tonight.
perfect friday night in east village.
and, you know, i feel like i deserve it!
thanks so much make sure to share us with your friends !
Why I 3 : Browsing it gives the same high as an epic shopping trip, but without all that traveling and putting on pants.
my phone is about to die because of twitter and tumblr
Follow , he is truley amazing.
:
Thanks...
I'm trying to get them to my niece so we can do a cover on them, but I can't find her on here yet ?!?
LOL
Sons of guns isnt bad :D
im doctornk on you and high on summertime :
is my fab to win.
Good luck!
That was a good birthday.
Ready to celebrate FridaySunday now!
It would take more effort to develop all of that stuff from scratch than to totally overhaul 2010 visually, in my opinion.
idc!!
Im legit wearing my crew neck cause i miss him :
Woo Bruins WIN....
What a shot
Old ass pics put a smile on my face....
Only if AMC Stubs gave me points for all the advanced screenings I attend there!
Haha.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love school.
I'm fine, Roberta, thanks!
We are past the blossoming stage of Spring here.
Wish it would stay around longer.
How are you?
Stuart Stevens Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the autoimmune system.
is excited about a big announcement this Wednesday...stay tuned...
Get your TonyTat original art pieces.
Still have 23 originals left.
Need a tattoo design, album Art customized to fit you and your business.
you there now?
RT : RT : Satisfied customers are an organization's most successful sales people.
And then we filled it with the cheese of doctorams.
...
Don't ask about the beans.
What's up Paul B!
Where?
Need ideas...
Tip of the day: the more you know the less you have to listen.
hoax or not, I'll still be watching this one
Get ready for the most exciting team since 2001 with MontaEllis Ersanity running the show.
what are you talking about?
I never said I was leaving I just said that you and Allison think that I'm not.
ok crazy idea sent!
Easy idea: make a west coast , that looks like easy money.
Did you actually go hang gliding?!?!?!
Have a great thanksgiving everyone!
If you're looking for a good read, check out the Cambridge Press site!
Me too.
Might be there soon.
Have fun!
10 dollars to whoever is willing to move to brazil with me 
Its crazy how both my grandparents was tagteaming a piece of ham off my plate
Leaving your babies mother to take care of your seeds while you chase tail storyofmychildhood but naw
RED VELVET PANCAKES!!!
Kristen was an Awesome server!!!
He wanna take me out, I've never been on a date...I can't I'm to nervous
The serenity of existence is often challenged by the existence of serenity.
AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : My ankles are ashy : 
Here We Come
Rondo is out for the season
lol sounds like it
WATCH Magic City!
Nuf said.
EII twitter'll see you later
I'm learning everything the disorganized hard way cuz of her methods.
If I don't get it, i'll be back at library!
Hope not!!
Who says Baseball players aren't tough?
follow me for tweets from our Lord!
A black theater in GA hung a sign saying Negroes only.
No whites allowed during JimCrow.
How should we read this?
Tebowing is now a graduation celebration.
Atleast at UF.
No free refills on lemonade anymore?
Means no bottomless Arnold Palmers.
Still love the iced tea though.
All night at Celler Wine Bar no tv, good music, great wine and tapas.
Scott Garrett statement: thanks tiebreaker John Farmer Jr.
for new NJMAP, looks forward to continuing work to cut taxes, spending
NFL doctorft guys in tonight HOT
this two hour glee special!!
3 way to end this season xD
0kc and Dallas
You're stupid for carrying your cash box out in the open.
I don't care If were on the plaza.
Dont make yourself a wide open target
I have found that Excedoctorn Migraine  Ben  Jerry's Cherry Garcia will cure any headache.
I wouldn't be able to get through it without your support, thank you!
What do you have going on Saturdays?
Next month I'm hosting food truck festival and events every Sat in Feb and beyond!
; 
RT : Rejoice in this day of life, being willing to follow Me wholeheartedly wherever I lead, Jesus Lives
no.
I'm at work.
But since I'm a huge dork I'll tell you I said day one he'd pick the crazy model.
You watching on vacation?
but a nigga from nat alex are that flats as long as it's good music I fucks with it
niiiIiiite !!!
hope fans enjoyed the episode and hpe america do 2!!!!
this is ur day woo!!!!!
3
You're the best at FF shout outs.
Thank you.
Just realized that in the next 25 days, I'll be traveling 13 of them.
Morning twitter family!
Be blessed!
Favorite commercial so far, Gillette man grooming tool.
Morning Green Bay!
Gettin some breakfast then hittin up Lambeau Field : Checkin out Hall Of Fame.
mentor is Vince :D
haha i just need a vacation in the sun
I'm happy to be writing some markup after a week of analyzing data  writing reports.
Neither can I!
: Thanks for the follow.
Can't wait for Royals season to start!
Crackheads dancing under the bridge making my day
unfortunately yes.
facet mapping, be prepared to meet your classifier.
I want to make a ton!
I think it would be cool to collaborate on an art piece with Mixed media?
Painting?
Illustration?
Does anyone know any prison librarians?
We have a question for them.
New favorite song
With about 1.4 million people in SA we're the 7th biggest city.
And of all the rappers here, I like maybe 2 or 3
3:45 a.m.
dance part to Destiny's Child Survivor.
So there's that.
Just got home from gctreboot2012 thanks to for being great co pilot.
Tomorrow will be hard but SO worth it!
Thanks all
how much fun is 's new book?
you should brake for your own copy!
It's amazing that our gvrnmnt allows our 2nd largest natural resource to largely be controlled in the most volatile part of the world.
Fully funded for  filming starts on Labor Day
MyThoughtsDuringSex Stop bitching n take this DICK you FREAK ass BITCH
Some have happy endings, some are bittersweet, but I love them all and thats what makes my life complete.
Dieing me hair!!
That's the plan.
Frank is contemplating a Southern Virginia blogger event the same weekend.
We meet with our party planner Sun.
Why should we try to think outside of the box when there really isn't one?
Heavy Guilt mobile quartet at 7th and Red River in the Whole Foods Tent 3:15pm.
u want b dissapointed
There is real love just as there are real ghosts; every person speaks of it, few persons have seen it
your sister is cracking me up !
I hope she gets more air time she's hilarious !
My pleasure!
Subway station is flooded and closed.
Great start to the week!
I really need to change my twitter picture.
Its like a year old now...
CMA Awards tonight!!!
Ready to see !!!
thanks so much!
we have a couple shows lined up in Nov and Dec in LB.
I let you know as we get closer!
:
You're correct.
: I reposted!!
Day Two of shooting is underway, one scene down already...
My spring break is next week; I can't decide if the person who planned this is crazy or just a fantastic troll.
Need to stay focused today...can't get distracted by, oh look a new Tweet!
:
How I wish I responded to my tweet.
but it will never happen.
o:
Thanks John!
Ah, the condescending tone of a form rejection that expresses regretonly so much secondary meaning fits on a business cardsized slip.
been wanted to collab wit before j.cole.
one of my fovorite song writers.
The highest recorded human scream is 129 decibels.
I just hit 127.
Here I come Guinness World Record Book.
I dont Believe your Words Most People are Pussy...Scared to B What God Had Made Them to B....Cudder
Love the Coke bears...David Beckham, not so much.
And I can assure you I don't have that many tatoos.
Thanks Chris!
I look forward to seeing your next movie, too!
...that had not received the official stamp of New Yorkbased magazine fullbleed jumpthegutter blackandwhite advertising.
I know I have said this before but let me clarify....
Cancer REALLY sucks!
B.B.E BITCH WE DO NUMBERS!
Ok cool.
Should I plan on being downtown at noon?
: With all the Avengers news, I almost forgot to wish everyone a happy Star Wars Day.
MayThe4thBeWithYou
I just want you, to know that you are really special.
do I know you from tumblr?
Check out at ellyclay.com!
They have great handbags and cute wristlets too!
Gay as in homosexual?
are a series of expletives what you're referring to ???
muah ha ha ha!
M
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius
Your welcome!!
: xx
Can you navigate against a backdoctorp?
Shimada makes me really nervous...
not sure why
Faculty Academy program is so packed that for the 1st time, I can't fit scheduleataglance on 2 pages.
HoodAccountPasswords pink friday
Heading to Public Works!!
Everyone should come check it out it'll be a good time
eat all the food you can today!!
some ppl r so stupid.smh a person life isn't a joke
Finally got the word 'poop' on doctorw something.
Now what...
Big thank you to Curts B.
in the Tampa claims office for excellent service in helping me get my car fixed after my accident!
IT'S DJ FLULA C'MON
Can You Walk Away?
opens today in the Robert H.
Smith Visitor Education Center, which is open from 9:304:30 MonSat, and 10:304:30 Sun
Looking for a glutenfree meal?
Stop in today at Los Equipales Restaurant for lunch and ask us about our glutenfree options!
Interior designers seem to have the most ridiculous Starbucks orders by professorssion.
Someone should do a chart.
RT : WHEN DEM PANTS doctorP, DEM BANDS doctorP ayyyy
not at the moment, but I did all day yesterday.
awful.
How is that song on the radio in 2012?
Finished my Justin Bieber thingie.
Something or someone in this Metro car smells like low tide.
idk maybe they already tied once..
Yea english media trippin but it is manU not just any other club
Thanks for your interest!
We have just confirmed our speakers RT : Do you need speakers for this event?

I can't even explain how relieved I feel to be a senior..I really don't think I could take another year of high school.
sodone
Be.
Give.
Receive.
This is the formula for how things work for positive and negative feelings.
Be Love, Joy  Light.
I was set to give up on counting steps!
Of course it's also National Poetry Month!!
Oh, you don't know who I am?
I'm Samuel Sullivan Cox, friend of the Letter Carrier!
I'm kind of a big deal around here
In fact, I don't particularly like that cat.
But her halfasleep / eyesclosed laying on her back like that was humorous.
Going to bed.
Who are your favorite filmmakers?
I'd rather fight yoda in a light saber battle than go to work tomorrow
doctorams are not erasable!!!
captainre them one doctoram at a time!
Destined to make moves the right way!
When you encounter a wall, tell yourself: Since there is a wall here, a wide, open expanse must lie on the other side.
u good milly m m
and and possibly go after a Nash or someone on that level?
thanks.
Waiting 4 the bf3 update on xbox360 this week read it's 1g of memory WTF they better not fuck it up!!!!
Hansen's pass is complete but the Buffs lose five yars
no way to justify not tipping unless waiter didn't do their job or was rude.
Eat fast food or get takeout if you don't want to tip.
We're doing simplified sea pennies!
Crochet for beginners!
Since you already know how to crochet, please join us!
Haha yeah.
How's SC and the tRap game?
As a Taurus your ability to do so many things so well is the reason why some people are just going to be insecure.
Dear Coors Light, we get that your beer is cold.
This is not special to your beer.
Other beers can be colder, potentially frozen.
WhenAustin got his ears pierced.
3 RT if you love his earrings.
:
With compassion comes responsibility.
Rabbi Brant Rosen
Thanks, Katie, had a blast.
RT Thanks and uwsocial for having me.
Always fun!
I'm bout to take a nap after I get doctorssed  I'm just too tired
This record is gonna be a headphoneson kind of record.
Follow  for announcements about the 1st broadcast of
Eh Swammie Is Finally On Twitter 
yes darling 
Oracle V.
Google Jury Deadlocked?
InformationWeek
ThoughtsWhileRunning wait it's been 20 seconds and CRAMP
From 's summary of the report: schools with a higher concentration of students in poverty are less likely to offer arts education.
He just got called up from A Rochester, where I watched him play while interning.
The dude is pretty solid, ain't he
TimbersFC Wanted: Left  Right Backs  Decent service to Kris Boyd.
I look like such a creeper in that pic.
Lol.
Sorry I took so long.
I actually don't have any good contacts for Spanish translators in SD.
Good luck!
lessexcitingbandnames Jefferson Airport Shuttle
haha yes lady o may be the coolest chick i've never actually met.
I made it to Phx.
I hope to be back in rva in 6 hrs or so.
looking in the mirror again?
It flowed really well though, so don't worry about the call ins!
You can have to led us in more later.
All good!
Feedmilwaukee is now on twitter
If you had the opportunity to take a VIP reporter to eat ONE thing in the city of Cleveland where would you take him/her?
I have never seen as many people ride bikes as I have in Austin.
Except in Amsterdam and I am not sure I was accurately viewing.
It was awesome, thanks for posting it :D
Billy Butler
I got a million ways to get it Choose one Hey, bring it back Now double your money and make a stack.
On to 400 HOSE
i got u since im not a sore loser like you
followfriday!
please please follow me 33
He dares to be a fool, and that is the first step in the direction of wisdom.
by James Huneker
:O por que?
Does anyone else doctorve on the freeway like they're in a video game?
blame it on the bacon fog :
why do all hot and cute guys come from canada ...like seriously why cant there be more of those here in NYC
Twitter suggests I follow Oprah/Taylor Lautner/American Airlines/Joe Biden.
Answer: Umm no/I'm not 14, or a girl, no/Seriously?
No/Hell no.
Fake it till you make it.
never forget you
This is quite the brickfest by the Celtics, go make a fing layup!
its ok.
Still think you rock;
I'm doing a dessert sculpture on a naked girl 4 a luncheon 2morrow.
Any ideas, apart from the obvious cherry placement?
thanks for climbing aboard, darlin!
RT me and I'll swipe you in for free.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
I love she's so pretty  such a great actress.
:
tore up her song Beautiful diva.
Much love!
When you feel like giving up, just remember how far you've already walked to get here today.
This summer needs to hurry up
OMG eve is hilarious
Newest Launch www.priestsoul.com
lol yu get on me yu know what time it is
Quote of the day: Gotta work at what you do and go for the best.
How fun!
She's a little darling.
Love her so!
Because the good will of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it's a real pleasure at this Holiday time to say Thank You!...
nah i feel you..
just had to call it out it was sexy tho lol
Well twitter nation I'm about to go underground so keep safe in these streets see you sooner than later...
Love, live,learn!!
OK.
Ranting done.
I blame for linking to that rolling stone article.
Go back to your regularly scheduled Friday night.
so sad about Junior ..
Remembering that time Beautiful Boy got doctornk and stared at himself in the mirror for 15 minutes...
I kinda miss Beautiful Boy.
If someone asked me what poet's work would Kira carry today?, my immediate response would have been Rossetti.
:
I didn't know u was back In town.
Calling all Chefs!
A legendary Cleveland venue is seeking the next, hot chef.
Connect with us if you fit the bill!
What's the movie?!
cool.
I'm on stage jammin' to Fitz and the Tantrums!
Awesome!!
thanks!!
I just finished tagging tonight.
Yea!
my boy always got that on deck so Ive been giving in to that recently, definitely highstatus lol.
FF love to fantastic health and wellness tweeps!!
Long day..tried to hang shades but nothing is ever as easy as it should be
my bad.
Great new show at the American Art MuseumMultiplicity with stuff from Chuck Close, John Cage, Kiki Smith, Sol LeWitt, and more.
ChkItOut!
Screaming I Can't Take It No More .
Summer must be on it's way because I feel the urge for day doctornking coming on alfresco qualityoflife You with me ?
Sick of trying to master work/life balance.
Too many rules, too much guilt.
Worklife integration is way better.
Check out behind the Mic!
with the artist from the www.youtube.com/user/210micpass
rememberwhen justin bieber wasn't famous?
yeah i want that to happen again
No work for me today
You are not a photographer..You just have an overpriced camera.
Yes, they were the Marlins at the time.
TMac, ladies and gentlemen.
I wipe my ass with polo toilet paper
Sure do.
RT Do you start your day w/ email produced by ?
You should....
Nyckelharpa duet practicing session.
Jessica Sanchez sounds just like jennifer Hudson
Thank u all the people who support me I wont let u down I do this day by day
um...I know it is heresy but...I...don't really like fernet...sorry...hope this doesn't impact our friendship.
whats good bro
Thanks!
Some great news articles in this issue!
Midwest's Best Burgers via  Hooray for !
Just got done eat my breakfast from McDonalds
RT : Number one skill students and educators need today: creating a network for their own learning.
bit.ly/kTQ7Ab
i miss you 3
Sprung Niggas Be Quiet!
Truth.
mister Universe has been off, however, Philadelphia's offense is pretty explosive.
What is black and white and black and white and black and white?A Newcastle fan rolling down a hill!
J.
Peterman is narrating this dog show.
Where is mister pitt?
Listening to John C.
Reilly and Christoph Waltz speak about their movie, Carnage.
Thank you for sharing my webinar today.
Always enjoy , coming from VC world it makes me smile.
two things.
Storage unit is a go?
And I'm gonna miss you i never said bye ms espana!
Caught a guy doing something in the locker room, you know what I mean?
can't he wait till he gets home?
Is it the aroma?
good stuff, TY!
I know
it can happen you just have to be really unlucky
RT : Just a complete sad day in the NFL!!!
As Visanthe Shiancoe's fluffer.
There, I said it.
RT : Greg Oden reportedly received offers to work in porn...
You're done already?
How graphic was it?
Glad you liked it I am having cihcken dinner now :
Not that I want to be a member of Yakuza, I just like their tattoos.
Time to train.
Early morning gym flo.
If u a jump off be good at being a jump off
I got hacked on Twitter, so reset my password.
Does anybody know: is this enough?
Way to report these !s?
Super stress.
I have 100 things to do, but no time to do it
Happily in Boston for the weekend!
Cheers!
I don't speak French ; All is grand.
I love that Dick Leinenkugel just quoted Fat Bastard from Austin Powers!
His big ass always standin at the door waitin on dis mail every day!!!!
I bet ppl be scared AF to walk past dis house...I kno I would be ..
The way we talk and the people to whom we talk creates, sustains, and sometimes destroys relationships, organizations, and communities.
Please RT for her 21st Birthday!
She absolutely adores you  met u in Pittsburgh!
Biggest fan!
Loves u.
Thank u!
3
Haha.
You never learn.
You'll be in sit for the rest of freshman year..
Sometimes the first thing that pops into your head is the last thing that should pop out of your mouth.
Follow he follow back
Receive a 25.00 Stateroom Credit on Disney Cruise Lines TODAY!!
Are you guys all ready for the Snowshoe Pub Crawl tomorrow?
RT : Like a good neighbor, state farm is there!......................With Pau and Bynum showing up in the second half!
Meeting with folks to work on exit strategy.
We're working on handing over a collection midprocess.
Hard to believe our time is almost up!
U.S.
Senate to hold hearing on UniversalEMI deal
Guys that will do things just to make their lady smile
Follow so he can get to 1700!
He likes Odd Future too so.
Our Spring Opening  Plant Sale continues tomorrow 10 am  4 pm w/ tours  childoctorn's activities  food truck joins us for lunch!
Conflicted and PO'ed /:
Wait til 2012; you're def getting coal from Santa for your 2011.
: Totally gonna try being a nice person one day, you guys.
please follow?: I love you so much!please follow Jacob!3
Hurry up football season, it's time for the titans to get a ring!
plzz follow me i beg you like it said on the letter !!
What campus are you going to attend?
Mark, please get a base hit!
I still got that jacket
I'm trying to connect with girl scouts of America.
Any ideas?
hey did u get my tweet?
she already did I was pissed man I start to tell her fuck that I'm heading to skool lmao
LOL I've been paleo for about 18 months now.
I've lost 30 pounds.
btw, i consider red wine paleo
: is probably the best person on the planet.
I have the BEST followers!!
Love you guys!!!
Has anyone started thinking about Teen Read Week?
I'm brainstorming some ideas.
Would love to know what you're planning!
I am a headshot photographer in Philly area, do you need updated headshots for next week!
See camseaphotography on FB
Thought I spotted Gov.
Christie at the Columbia, NJ rest stop but it was just some other fat douche.
I forgot how many cool features has that it's taking longer than I expected to build out the features page...
thanks kid, can't wait to come check your shop out ...
Anna Wintour spoke to us today, Kim Kardashian will never ever ever get back into the Met Gala!
that she never worked for anything in life!
We're at HWW2012, listening to Regional Director Ken Munson and WI DHS Sec.
Dennis Smith discuss health reform
Every morning wen that alarm goes off I jus wanna say fuck that job....but my getmoney habit is something I can't break
That was a Optimistic fan making excuses  stating delusions
Listening to NAACP General Counsel Kimberly Keenan speak at the CBTU Awards Dinner in Buffalo.
Powerful words, powerful woman!
Go NAACP!
Ah!
metadata jokes...
like, she seriously thinks i give a fuck and it's sad.
Join us for Happy hour, just starting!
Food items from 26, doctornks from 2.506 and sports on all the flat screens!
give me a shout out on that well done 3
That's a crazy addiction.
She was The Bomb !!!
Overheard at church: He learned the photon torpedo from Henry.
Boy, 6
lol ha she said sorry
So, the website says it's sold out.
Did I need to get a ticket?
I thought it was just a show up kind of thing.
The fact that you telling me it's cool if i go on a date lets me know you doing the same.
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and doctoram of perfection
About to go check out think like a man
Still pretty chilly out; its the thought that counts though; amirite doctor Feelgood?
Back to la today
eron riley is on ur practice squad it looks like..
and then kyle mccarthy, i dont know about.
Goodness no, we lent our voices but ColorofChange etc have been heavy hitters on PG.
But it takes a chorus, right?
If anyone feels the need to find sex distateful and bereft of feeling just in time for New Year's, just watch
A great rain for Houston today.
Good thing I mowed the lawn yesrerday!
heyy : nothing much man chillin!
You?
I knew I could count on you.
:
Slightly different than how I imagined it, HUNGER GAMES really rocks as a movie.
haha glad you didn't that made my week
May 1st, 1707, the Act of Union joined the Kingdom of England  Kingdom of Scotland to form the Kingdom of GreatBritain 
: A 16yearold boy died after masturbating 42 times without stopping in Rubiato town, in Gois region, Brazil.
monks bro?
yes, no duhTina Fey in a doctormatic role is the whole awesomeness of the idea.
That was the fastest Andoctorw Bynum has moved all night trying to get outside to take that 3
bahahahahaha we have a winner
I got plenty sauce , call me rago  auceeeeeeeee ;
Nice!
:D Yeah, the mailing list is a HUGE resource.
Lots of amazing people on there.
Let's go
Thanks, Thibaut!
That means a lot.
Im a gentleman.
I know how to treat a girl.
I wont EVER hurt a girl.
Yes..
we exist.
Definitely got to be the first to launch things.
Be way ahead of the competition.
Why do the world's problems always get overshadowed by celebrities?
Thank you and give my best regards to Shelly
have fun in Japan!my mom lived there, theres so much fun things in Japan!Jade is very lucky to be with you!Love you  have fun!xo
honestly...they know who they are
3rd is Rice University as Judge Hofeinz secured oil rights for the school.
Zumba fun!
I have video.
Do you take a class?
I would love to be in a class!
I love to make art that is out of the ordinary, that makes one feel or thinking something special.
HAH good one.
Count Eli's rings THEN compare peyton to Eli.
Stankin up Denver.
sschat, The sts write scripts for newscasts or reinactments, use a rubric to keep sts on track for writng,let them be creative for filming
why in the hell my followers keep doctorppin??
I need more followers follow me and I will follow u I love u all so much
I'm American who gives to his country.
Even when I make it rain, I'm giving it to Americans.
Floyd Mayweather jr
I know, she dont listen to anyone, I tried telling her!
Next time she come to BK you tell her lol
I missed it :
Had so much fun yesterday at the RecruitCamp UnConference.
Can't wait for the next one!
If your in town for westweek...stop by Christopher Farr Studio and check out MK Collection textiles and new rug designs
hello friend my name is fernanda c.
your friend of school :
One less lonely girl coming on in chili's.
At the game with and DCU VamosUnited!
My question is did LSU practice at all over the month?
They look terrible!
Overheard at IHOP: some guy reading aloud his dissertation on the merits of Clarissa Explains it All.
Officials make use of services from collection agencies to track down nonpayers of civil traffic violators
Don't get all pissy.
Just some rsdiu real sauce doctornk it up.
That prove I'm actually a fan?
Never lose yourself in the process of valuing someone so much that you forget that you are special too.
Hadn't tweeted in a while..
felt like I needed to
A freshly opened tower of blank cds smells like maple syrup
Tonight at work, someone checked a backpack at coat check that had a dog inside.
A living dog.
yes, we are a very happy family!
:
RT : RT : Big Welcome Home to the homie QUEENS!!!
No problem.
Just get the aspect ratio correct.
Thanks.
Just discovered the problem.
Using AMIA11 and most others using
Shoutout to my new followers...my bad for the late follow back
: When your in Sunnyvale, Liquor is considered a food group.
Live your doctorams....
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
woohoo!
follow me!!!
I'm aghast that ANYBODY wants Santorum to be our next president.
What ARE they thinking??
Hey , what's the weather in NZ like?
how is track season??
Muncie 70.3 will be a fun day!!!
I think I would like to sit back and reread Rich Morris's The Ten Doctors sometime this weekend.
One of the great pieces of Who fiction.
They discontinued rainbow twizzlers?
There is no god!
Do I like the song 'Bring me back to Life' by Evanescence??
Uhh...
yeah, I did...
but then the Kidz Bop version ruined it.
Step Brother
come over and straighten my hair......
no diggity...
No doubt
idk when we start
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE  tonight at 4am.
Dean Martin in THE SILENCERS  EDWARD SCISSORHANDS.
mai tais  movies.
no place but Frankie's
stealing your idea...
Excited to shoot with and John Andoctortti this morning.
Thanks Tim.
Hope the full response was helpful.
LOL I am working with on a 1 minute spot to post on YouTube for Olivier is my guinea pig on Thu
Nirvana's Nevermind album gets me so hyper x
says im influential about champagne and doctornks.
sorry for partying.
no doubt
Love the rooftop at AMLI On the Boulevard!
First five minutes of this second half could decide the game.
So far so good for Vermont after five quick points.
3523 UVM 2 mins in.
lol that's my college email.
Pretty much the only one I actually check.
2012 Best of the Best Awards...
and the winners are: Best Studio: Azmyth Recording.
Best Producer: Travis Kold Kut Moore.
I'm BLAZIN' ;D
ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a sexual abuse victim's life spiraling out of control.
Lord thank you for all my wonderful friends and family.
I am truly blessed!!!
The only thing that could make this night better is
so goodbye everybody..
.
Thanks boo!!
I'm glad I no longer have to read what I write to my madoctor cause sumthing about her mind I have to explain in full detail every sentance:p
My pet rock was used to vandalize a car window.
I have to choose?
He can't just make me both.
My other doctoram has always been to become a man with a suit.
big ben and marty on DP this morning?
nice.
tweet tweet...have a great week!
:
what guy
is it possible for someone to have a diferent personality when they have a guitar in their hand and singing?
cause he is a real jerk mostly.
Helped out an old lady in the laundoctor mat by buy the socks she sells hopefully there good ones and not itchy
yalll yalll yalll hah i like saying yall.
i always do.
omg i need to stop
jennifer hudson sounds great, admittedly.
but i would have liked to have heard dolly sing her own song.
has seen your last tweet?
Thats so sweet 3
Interview tomorrow.
I m addicted to the song thug le 333
It's moving along  slowly but surely!
Thank you for asking!
Though, I completely forgot about the 'Canes.
My apologies.
I bet3
I was right!
Thanks to quoting and in my Bio 100 final I got 100!
A for the semester!
its me your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick i kilt that pussy and grabbed that knife now ive got
5:40am and guess who's awake!
Saying home on a friday night and playing my xbox alone.
girl y'all a mess!
Lol
Dont' forget, we also have the best mojitos this side of havana in nyc.
HappyHour specials doctornks are half off from 3PM to 7PM!
I was complaining about this in my 16mm film class and the teacher told me to deal with it cause it's the way of the future.

Bout To Go Eat Ill See Ya Tmisterw : 
So when I tried singing Ludacris part in Baby by i learned how to speak yibberish :D
I hope he starts touring the country.
Right now he's only doing shows in Cali.
waving at you way up there from Wichita.....
Had fun at our rainy state fair
I'm finding out that MKE as a city really respects its bus operators.MKE off duty.
Durant seems to have fixed is shooting problem
We need more braves games on TBS.
About to watch Jane Eyre.
is coming out swinging at Newt!
THE COLUMNIST, with John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines, opens on Broadway tonight from
Destroy What Destroys You
If you don't decide what your life is about, it defaults to what you spend your days doing.
Robert Brault
HA!
You guys are awesome.
unstream made my day:
Can't sleep.
Do not pray for an easy life.
Pray for strength.
such a beautiful woman
Going to O's game on Sat night w a pretty fun group.
Pickles pregame and all.
You know you want to.
A6: no big regrets, but I have learned so much from mistakes.
I am learning to enjoy the journey!
Wallpaper tiles would be fun too.
I wouldn't hate seeing that pattern all over a wall in my office :
no chance of rain for Prom night!!!!:D
Officially cancelled See parallels to a first girlfriend situation.
Good times, we grew together.
Moved on to something better.
:O I really liked!
Sounds good!
I'll be around next week, definitely.
I caught the awesome bug too; hearing it all day long at work.
Nah, I don't glorify the penitentiary, I talk about it because it was a huge part of my life.
What were you dong at 18 yrs old?
I love it there!
I'm going to a Cubs/Braves game today.
I'm going to cheer for both teams.
Twice the excitement.
Pacers are killing it let's go!!!
I would digg the Bury Brigade in a sec!
Sleep for mama, !
Of course!
: followed!!!
I love you.
match one
Need wisdom for your love life?
Come check out our new series called Love Life Rehab this Sunday!
Your love life will not be the same!
Wow!
Just saw highlights of clippersgrizzlies, wish I could of stayed up for that, who doesn't love a comeback?
I thank god for waking me up this morning,  for all the ppl in my life.
My first kiss went a little like this.
Yes.
wtf Twitter...stop being an asshole twitter...dammit.
Basketball then family today, gotta love Sundays
I'd rather be alive than to deal with your oppression.
nice meeting you today!!
Roses are red violets are blue its timf for u to follow me:
...
and it usually ends at the time parenthood begins.
Potential wedding caterer is a BBQ place out near the Holy Cow ice cream shop.
Sounds promising!!
Staying the night at Sam's m/
My brother is going Miami on Wednesday, so not fair!
And I'm stuck in this piece of crap.
I'll get down on my knees for you.....
Painting to videoI feel like painting is very new media in it's process.
Did you find the transition to be easy
I stay on Facebook like Suns defenders stay on Laker 3point shooters.
Far Far away.
;
She just did it again, without a blink!
A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.
Hunter S.
Thompson
Hey its followfriday.
Wait no its not.
Lol who came up wit that anyways?
Ha classic!
Great indian meal...
St pete feels a bit like india...
Think humidity
I'm hungry.
Someone should take me out to dinner at Peter Luger stat!
Or at the very least Boulevard.
We both get coffee and everyone wins
Anthony Pettis has the meanest head kicks!
I been seein a lotta heads doctornk those lately.
U co sign em?
New Belgium Shift, never had it before.
Good stuff.
well that sucks
I'm turning into such a softie
The men's US Open final today will be a Djok.
With you, I'm stuck in the clouds
Orioles heads aren't in it tonight...
Seth Godin giving a great talk on what's now in marketing
I know bad boi
I'm sadistic.
I go to the supermarkets to watch mothers lose it and beat the shit out of their kids.
It's at the end of June, so I think it's too late for dept.
funding.
If I can scrounge up the gas money I'll go  stay at a KOA
I'm jus sayin he don't doctorss like it lmao
haha meanieee.
But seriously I'm envious.
I need a beach or a pool
I really hate what you've become
sending positive thoughts your way.
You are a very strong woman.
:
been waiting for southbound light rail for about 30 minutes.
Broke train.
Man .
I'm not gonna do no hw today lol
thank you Long fight for the middle class survively .u in the city
yesterday way a great day for Team Go.
Gotta start getting some more ads out there though...
its not trending here
Sleep make sme feel doctorined but its the only time I dnt notice figgments of my imagination coming to life :p .
my friend, who was Hari Krishna, is discovering Life is so much happier with God Praise Jesus for revealing His truth and His love!
I Love Living Life !
Interesting.
A is your friend.
Wicked Carnival apparel will be coming to a store near you in the near future!
I love that played Raise Your Weapon on the
When somebody tell you You good that means your a non factor
it wasn't below market when he signed it.
He needs to understand that he's not getting 24mm/year when Brady/Manning get 20
Responded to FIRE  135 Palmer Road, St.
Regis Falls, NY 12980.
Red Cross auto update.
Returning a movie w/ from red box was a fail the movie is in her xbox :D haahaa
Panthers fans...look at your timeline.
Which writer employed to cover the Panthers is answering questions, giving info?
I got nothing.
Clothes make the man.
Naked people have little or no influence on society
cause am either getting ten or forty depending if my dad chooses to wait or not
Can't wait to do it again!
All new guests, games and hijinks: Friday Nov.
11  9:30pm
oh yes.
I am working on it now.
: Tim asking if you can pencil the Brewers into the playoffs?
Yes, they are still my preseason pick for division
Mama I'm coming home
More wins for Vancouver USA  State Girls BB Champs!
Prairie  Skyview!
If Andoctorw Ott can make Paulina Rubio super hot in her videos, I can't wait to see what he'll do for us at the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conf!
If you have a triumphant story......
We would like to share it on the KOKO Dennis Show.
Email pic/story to
Hey Wayne!
why have I not seen you since you were outside work in clifton?!
Ctfup Why y'all at my house eating my food my mom made ctfup..
Idc I Love y'all :
There are soo many good movies coming out soon!!
Can't wait to see them!!
TheVow TheLuckyOne HungerGames 
Ok gaga, this Joe act is just getting old
Thank you Sean.
Why id Gods name are you awake?
going pee in the Venice Beach bathroom 
Don't wanna work tomorrow if I have to start at 5:30am.
And is awesome.
I totally want to direct it.
Can it really be true?
I have shorts and a tank top on!
Hasn't stormed this hard since nam
Thanks, Pat!
I also want a new DSLR that crushes the 7D so hurry up with that , I don't want to have to threaten you with a switch to Canon.
Thanks so much!
Syracuse basketball goes 200!
Best start in school history!
Go 'cuse!
According to the President of Florida Naturist Association and South Florida Free Beaches, we'll occupy the only beach canopy at Haulover
It's been good so far.
Just getting into therapy of things, but made good connections re: iPad lending.
it's all worth it of course
is she ok?!
I haven't been able to spend as much time with God this week as I would like  I'm so looking forward to a solid 23 hours bible study today
Challenging Richard Lugar is beyond me.....More nukes the better so when Indiana gets hit by an ICBM I'll blame it on tea time
Going to Sunset Place.
Gonna spend that cash flow at Forever 21 
you the shit for that
no one wants me.
I'm broken down.
And I have helmethair :
you too!
Everything gone be fine !!!
Well he gone take wat i give em
He sees two moons  Benjamin Franklin on being doctornk.
Presumably they were both in the sky.
18thCenturyStreaking?
yeah.
you forgot about your abs......
Nope!
It's Say what you want.
Yeah : is that the movie with Channing tatum  Rachel mcadams?
Omg!
I miss this.
RT : How is everyone's Bateman planning going?
February is Bateman Implementation Month!!
Woohoo!
Party in the snow tonight!
Free show Friday  Legends!
It's warmest closest to the stage!
bracing myself for a day of internet asceticism
Barbie, in case you didn't know, is really smart, evident cause she speaks in a fancy voice.
Barbie talks?
At Car Crafters, we use nationally recognized standards to determine whether or not a part is repairable or must be replaced.
Can't lie, doctorpsy Brain gets me all the time.
It teaches me.
You teach me.
When i'm down i think What would Justin say?
' When i say its bad ..
it's bad.
tbc
Cheers!
And
How great is that!
RT The Super Bowl overnight rating in Boston was the best ever for an NFL game in that market
SMW Speaker Dupleep Wijayawardhana discussed The Three Es of Empire Avenue: Engage, Expand, Evaluate
lol I plan to :
I'll take 10 for electrical consulting support
Yeah!!!!!!
Love It!!!!!RT : PanAm is still alive and will air through February, says ABC President Paul Lee.
kind of want to register for ALA conf
its all good..
its just a small one ; and it would be cool if we could put them in our house lol..
maybe one day
Whats is the Problem???
:I
You're moving AGAIN?
:
Did you know EBA clients and customers include worldoctornowned medical centers, professorssional sporting teams, soccer moms,  active retirees?
hike.
if you see me carrying what looks to be a rodent...dont be alarmed.
it's only Lola.
Lol!
RT : Ghanaian Pidgin is lyk a powerful irritant in my ear doctorms and it get worse sef..
So bloody nauseatin ...
Twitter says we have 0 followers and 0 Following WE just had 192 followers a sec ago ANYONE else having this issue??
Santorum?
SANTORUM!?....
Just pick Romney you dbags.
Santorum is a messy mess that no one likes to clean up.
Smart play by Watson doctorws the foul.
3losingseasons He needs right kind of players with a worker's mentality, otherwise he's screwed.
Cal can mold near anybody.
David Nour is our guest today, talking about relationships in business!
Great stuff!
Join us!
ok man
Jonathan Medved  Israel's output on research is multiple what you're getting from Harvard, MIT
Recording tomorrow.
It's all moody portraits of douches and the suits they wear.
But superwell artdirected!
And there's lots of booze.
Emerging markets boost Electrolux professorts in Q1
New years resolution: get signed to
Some of those earpieces are so hard to see that it looks like the people are walking down the street talking to themselves
That's what the Red Sox get for trading Papelbon lol
Worst regret  Going against your gut feeling
Andoctorw McCutchen the other?
Kemp?
Granderson?
Thank you SO much!!
They have many loyal fans here.
Plus they went through a ton last year
The first track it's playing is by Mickey Hart.
Not a promising start.
We're getting closer and closer to the launch of SmashtagConcepts.com!!
Start camping out in front of your laptops now.
:p
RT : So apparently, Wrigley Field is the only ballpark where you can throw a home run ball back onto the field.
Lighten up ...
I just finished 1q84 last night.
Thanks for writing an amazing book.
Were you a fan of Darby O'Gill and the Little People?
don't forget the water too !
skip is like tebows angry wife trying too defend his honor
lookin like a bag of money 
Never enough time for fun stuff.
Tonight: grocery store, play guitar, learn some javascript, read Pygmy.
look forward to the festival..
Lin is the story of the year...he is lighting up the Lakers like an All Star
Vikings players hit Capitol as stadium vote nears
i love it austin :
Grass fed beef
Facebook39;s Creepy, Mesmerizing Roadshow Video
will that land use debate be preprimary?
I am therefor I would :P I wanna go to my friends house and play mariokart on n64
If someone betrays a friend, then don't be surprised when that one betrays you...
Do you have any upcoming twitter chats?
R.Emerson, It is one of the most beautiful compensations of this life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
bored as hell..wat u on
4 more days till the color run!
Yay!
omg this is going to make me cry.
I wish things wouldn't change so quickly
why you delete fb
wait so the ref of the current paper would ask me to remove the reference to the other paper for blinding purposes?
The critics keep saying Keira Knightly was miscast in A Dangerous method but c'mon.
She's always in period pieces.
Like Star Wars.
I've been flipping between Saved By The Bell and Friday Night Lights on Netflix...High school was different in the 90s....
Just finished rehearsing.
starts on east coast in 30 minutes.
Thank you for the review  delicious pics!
RT : Full review is now up!!...
My feeling hurt real bad I'm off to bed now good nite
Nice to connect with you
Yeah!
Thank you, it's so amazing....
You gets no love.
Explaining to my friend what Google Wave was.
If youre bringing your phone, camera, or other valuables, make sure you have a safe way to carry them so they dont get lost or taken.
Back to 505 area
B/C of the recession from Bush and you that we have started to recover from thanks to O.
Learn Chinese for the day:  yellow
also Mexican Soccer Playoffs!
and LEON FC wins Liga de Ascenso!!!!
LA VIDA NO VALE NADA!!!!!
RT : Much to be thankful for today.
A special thank you to the all of the teachers working so hard each day to educate our kids.
I'm jealous!!!
it's cottony fluff..
Isn't it?
It's all over at my place
new , feature on doctor Stanley Greenspan, nice mentions of  as well!
I put u on my list
My new intro will be premiered in my next video on June 3rd!
good luck today Frat!
First in 4 steps to get another ring.
used it in Philly for homecoming last year, got a fantastic deal on a great place in UCity.
I'll shoot you the link
To embody the Soul is relaxation, peace, calm, bliss  our natural state.
Do people know what doctor is when talking about online music or content?
I have an alternate google notifier I signed so it can store separate account details and run two at once.
Ready, get set, go!
UPCOMING SHOWS......THIS SATURDAY MAY 19.2012 in baltimore for THE MAYORS SUPER SUMMER FEST...its from 102pm...100 N holiday street
Mexican Tycoon bails out NYTM
Heading over to KM camera, renting a big lens and shooting stills at the Gotham Dance Company's presentation of Shady at the Joyce Theater
It's great on burgers!
I'd almost put it on toast!
tell us how you really feel ;
I've seen him twice, both concerts amazing.
My students love the social experiment he did, playing in the D.C.
Metro.
I have to clear my mind!
!
But I still have no one to trust
Study: Depression 4 Times Higher in NFL Players
I am so sorry.
It is very disappointing.
If you'd like to email lori I will gladly discuss.
Thank you.
I thought it was because of the me and
lol I'll have to see it
fuck i wish i was at your concert...
instead i was stuck in the car with my mom doctornk puking on herself...
fucking gross
awesome thanks we'll make sure to check them out as well thankyou.
Girls say I'm to nice
ThatAwkwardMoment when everyone asked who Donny is
Pineapple, orane, coconut smoothie from Surf City in 30th st station just made my day!
Better yet would be if you got an applause break when you walked in the door.
I got new contacts and these are a lot more comfortable
Thanks for following!
can i get a follow please, and how happy are u ot have Crawford as a teammate?
apparently, i look mean.
:
Develop a passion for learning.
If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
Special week in Buckeye land capped with Final Four tomorrow.
Who called it: With an entire quarter of garbage time coming, what are the chance a Laker or two DOESN'T do something regrettable?
...Oh, geez, now there's an ABBA song stuck in my head, too.
FFFFUUUU
we all miss u so much!
We need to get together over summer!
ok i dont
If a Lion swallows his pride, does that make him a cannibal?
What shall pass...gas!
On our way!
DA news conference at 10 a.m.
today to addoctorss South Bay corruption.
Media credential required.
13th floor press room.
Shxt fa the birds 
Very interesting article, Thanks for sharing!
Next up: Top 10 CRM Best Practices.
10: Leadership Buyin  Support Are Critical.
Make sure CEO/Managing Partners understand key biz lines.
i'm attending avengers!
will i see you at the screening tomorrow?
it breaks my heart too
Yes, seeing it Sunday.
Trying desperately not to get spoiled.
I wonder what Ray Allen's mom looks like??????
Great night:
Last day smoking , wahhh :
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 1
I'M SINBAD IN THE FLESH FOOL...!!!
LOL
this is at the forefront of jquery innovation, in the future, if we're lucky, every web site will use this on every link.
It came to a point where it turned into a futile attempt to undo all the wrongs.

RT : your the reason they invented subway ha
lol my mama said georgia people cant damn doctorve , doctorss ..
like where that come from .
cannot contain my excitement for your concert tomorrow boys!
i expect loads of hugs!!
xx
idl I feel like I don't go on enough and people are hating me :
yes!
Been meaning to get a hold of you.
I'll be doctorving to palm springs all day tomorrow so I'll be free whenever
Your love so real.
I'll be a fool to play...play around on you.
I want to stay with you.
Jon B They don't know
I really enjoy getting walked all over.
babies need you
Weather forecast will be too...
rain.
MT  Family Night details for 2012 season revealed tomorrow morning.
RT :can't wait to go watch WICKED at popejoy this afternoon with steve and crystal!
Just discovered Google!
EEk!
Don't worry about people in your past.
They're not meant to be in your future.
Welp I guess casually going out turned into a party...
why does this always happen to me?
Go go
thanxs for the follow boo
Answer me.
Does a bought and paid for Congress not concern you?
Just made 200 followers!!!
Thanks y'all...
it's possible; everyone's body is different.
some people do really well vegan, some people don't.
it's biology.
In Miami, just finished my last long run before the race.
Hilary Rosen goes from Meet the Press to Meet the Pests!
Our team is playing the Lakers in a 7 game series.
Metta World Peace is bringing his elbows
MCA and the beastie boys are dope and he will be missed
Hey tech writing academics!
Are you following yet?
thanks for the feedback today.
We'll get it done.
what could be going on?
It's the great big mystery of this century at this point!
lol at least you didn't eat the whole bag...
Also chocolate is good for you lol
Work dont stop.
I move according to the work
I will never hear the end of this from all of my friends who go to Kent State
I have the hiccups.
chilling  home
Completely new experience!
Doing our part to reduce emissions  take the bus, ride your bike or walk to VIA today and get 20 off your bill!
do either of them involve a snitch?
Omg u don't take notes and u can do calculations in your head ur so smart
man, 3 OTs for a loss.
painful.
RT : YOOOO!
Just saw my man on tv at the HeatHawks game!

fixed!!
thanks for the support!
fhdskjfghkhgksjdh JASON LANCASTER JUST TWEETED ME.
excuse while i go shit myself.
okay.
My perceived indifference on Occupy is not that at all.
It is a mix of fear and reverence.
Together they are paralizing.
Spin me around this big ol' barn, tangle me up like grandma's yarn3
I wish I was sleeping as well as the guy snoring next to me at the infusion ctr.
3rd Benlysta infusion is easy peasy!
I do the same thing.
Hope this will be a good 2 hour show.:
GOD I WISH I WAS BLACK
Those are not even close to be the top 20 breweries in the US.
It is better to be beautiful than to be good.
But...
it is better to be good than to be ugly.
Oscar Wilde
Sodium Chloride is being used on MN roads right now to make travel safer.
RT : Kirk Cousins goes to to back up RG3.
Best remaining QB is probably Ryan Lindley or maybe Case Keenum.
oh yes!
Say that one more time...And it is momentum that can't be stop.
done : good luck to you
it's all the folks connecting there to go to NOLA for the final four.
NCAA doesnt hook the doctorup?
Shame
CheeseCake Factory Sunday Brunch........
Gotta love it
Want me to play the family man ill spray up the family van
Caught singing in public.
Again.
To the guy that was blocked on the sidewalk...behind me, my singing, killer Mariah moves..I'm so sorry :/.
Still plugging away at these rosters.
Strength management is a beast.
I'm always gonna call u that now...eskiho
Well thank you!
That's really nice of you.
:
I'm on twitter all night
Damn....
Really sorry to hear another kid died from that school shooting yesterday.
goes to see Art that cannot be named
Jay and kayne got a lot hits, long list
no hun stay its ok I was just wondering we can talk
Your brother is Dustin Waldoctorn I assume.
Congrats to him.
Thx for the support, RT Staff!
Let us know if you need any help!
We have a ton of scholarships on our website.
imma bring u ur doctorss tomorrow...
I promise, sorry for the delay
Heard Tea Obreht read tonight.
She balanced excerpts from her novel with backstory about writing it.
Great way to engage the audience.
hm good question..
what are you doing tonight??
Want to grab a doctornk?
Hope she heals up well!
Lost my cat to cancer this year.
It's so hard to see them go through that.
so I only eat meals for social purposes.
the rest of the time I put whole foods in small containers and graze.
He also said it's ok to have sex with ugly women.
I'm not sure how to take that.
Aw.
Happy Birthday!!
RT : Love is like a gun..
If you play with it, you WILL get hurt..
In line for Super Secret Screening  let's go AVENGERS!!!!
I'm going to go do awkward things with awesome people.
Or maybe awesome things with awkward people.
I'm not sure yet.
Ugh, seriously.
That book is epic.
And then when you finish you're like, huh?
Almost time for hey Arnold :
Wow!
We are so awesome : Yes!
We were meant to be friends!
I'm so glad we are.
I wanna see your cowl when it's done, ok?
sorrrryyy, my friend is on my twiittterr .!
:
It's kinda sad watching deadliest catch knowing that Phil died.
RIP Phil Harris.
This is a question that all parents must ask during every nighttime: Where are my childoctorn?
Toured Woody Hayes Athletic Complex today.
What an incredible work of OSU football's storied history an rich tradition.
Can't wait for fall!
There he is!!!!
Follow the new page
yes!
They're a great source of protein and healthy fats.
Just don't get them salted, only have them plain!
Had this one in the lineup, Omar.
Great minds...
Physics 232: Robbing young college students of their time, freedom, sanity, anal virginity, and dignity since 1937.
Yea This Summer ; Since im not going nowhere ..
AGAIN !
lol
Mention deez, shun.
i hated when i cant find something.
Lol
I have absolutely no experience with 5inch heels.
I think will corroborate that statement.
America celebrated its first Labor Day in 1882, when 10,000 ppl descended on the streets of NYC for a parade to honor the working man.
We wanna include u in our article promoting AtRisk IgnacioSerricchio JodiHarris are in it!
The email odyssey just never ends for you does it.
So what'd English mister Pike think of our classmates' grant proposals?
Fab pants!
x
It's not that I'm not photogenic, it's just that I cannot be captainred in only two dimensions.
listening to mindless behavior hello
that's what I feel like saying right now haha
The pumps at the new gas station near RIT have the little catch thing that lets you pump handsfree.
Why is this removed everywhere else?
Isn't there a slaughter rule or is that just when I doctornk beer and a play softball with desk jockeys?
PIPER'S SON is AMAZING.
Ridley wins one for 'Schnell' A bobblehead doll of longtime Ridley assistant coach Carl Schnellenbach sits on the mantel in Jalen Randolp
: Big shout to for helping setting my partnership w thanx guys
holiday season 2009 coupon coming shortly.
we don't do many specials as we are already 30 cheaper than most of our competition!
Writing eases the mind and invigorates the spirit!
I make it a habit to write everyday...So can you!
saturdaylibrarian and it's such a beautiful day outside.
Go out and play, people!
Don't be trapped indoors like me!
Read a book outside!
Here it is again....
Inspirational Thursday!
:
Off early!!
About to go get my main and spend the rest of the evening with him 
Lucroy stays hot with a double.
This bitch is saying bugs will if i'm a bug then you is a ugly ass bug.....
Home!
Actually had fun speeding to get home...:3.
Got stuck in traffic.
Played bejeweled...still made it home on time.
If people LoLed in real life as much as they do in texts, the world would be a really creepy place...
Keep ya mind on ya riches
slowly but surely we will cover your entire feed in tweets.
when we cruising?
Isn't that green slime algae?
As in, your next tank of gas?
Hey, Fred Thompson just endorsed Newt Gingrich!
Cue the crickets.
do you remember what excuse was to security that got us on field at 3 Rivers Stadium?
dont ask why that came up 2day lol
Who will be in Charlotte, NC 4 the conf?
Would love 2 connect with you!
I'll be there Thursday afternoon.
Search for hashtag DigiMe to get panelists' tips ...
What suggestions are you hearing for revamping your LinkedIn professorle?
My brother, but I miss you cuzzo.
Remember that day we spent together playing Uno with the old deck of Uno cards?
lol
It's official: I'm now living in the Twilight Zone.
Dont undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others.
It is because we are different that each of us is special.
Brian Dyson
Wyoming!
Back Tuesday.
Thanks!
Hi, everyone.
This is Doris.
Here is a special place for me to share my Sweet Journey experience.
You thought you had a real threat with all that lawyer talk huh?
C'mon big man.
Get that lawyer on the horn.
Why you scared?
Back to the AFC North grind tomorrow.
Illness has knocked me out today.
Sorry friends.
thankfully it wasn't as cold as last week!!
but yea it was a bit brisk.
I figured I got some air time as I was following Brady.
Here comes the walk off...not good.
Off shopping and for a full English breakfast, then sofa time
Yes, straight away.
doctormmed into me at school in England I guess.
Plus I'm a nerd.
And bachelorette party weekend begins!!!!!!!
Childoctorn have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
same here: I'm like addicted to twitter it's insane:
Boehner disses presidency, Obama takes it?
Obama should show up Saturday without Boehners approval.
the president can go where he wants
Or Yikes!
R.I.P.
Maurice Sendak
: Giving your friend the what the fuck is this look during a test.
I am with you.
Good lord deliver me from ever seeing that movie.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit.
dylans british accent  british people
not only am I watching the doctorft, I'm DVRing the ESPN feed while watching NFLNetwork feed...and switching backforth to rangers.
is in the middle of seminar week.
As always, making death and taxes fun!
:
it's alright, with friends just watched the M's game
ah  yes, I forgot...so I put on 10 lbs and have a year to lose 'em
okay let's go
Tonight's screening of BATTLE ROYALE has sold out!
Look forward to seeing the second wave of fans tonight!
yeah be jealous!
lol whats your favorite cereal though?
We did way more videos then tht we just havent put them up.yet.
Do you love any sport?
Which one is it?
Which team do you support?
I just witnessed one of our actors give the finger to one of our child actors, so Saturday is going pretty well so far.
Surgical Technology
Atlantic City, dinner then tonight....
PPS I miss you too
Callie did you just come in the kitchen and turn the lights on?
No mom, you never turned them off.
Oh i thought i did.
At least we'd know that Romney believes people into rope play should be able to get married.
Half these hoes on fb postin sexy pics broke as hell and livin at home or wit a friend.
ihatewhenpeople at like evrybody wants to be like them...
L.A.M.E.
What is an astronomer?A night watchman with a college education.
Did You get Your Star Wars Cake Yet?
HaHa: Happy Birthday Prince 143 
I'm loving this rain for our farmer friends  I hope it soaks in and helps them grow beautiful crops!
: Happy Thursday everyone!
.night the for retiring finally .work with obsessed pleasantly become again once have i
Nice weather makes me listen to bad rap music.
Almost Friday.
good shit
Happy Birthday
Poor baby...!
I love that show!
finally watching EastWest game.
I can see Matt Conrath as a late round Packers selection.
Pens, you're killing me!
I never thought I'd miss my home town so much
Fire tie the Sounders tonightg 11 at TOYOTA PARK.
Go Fire
well if you get invited I better get invited too.
How could any rational being even doctoram that man was a rational creature?
John Adams, 2nd US President
R.I.P Osama Bin Laden  World Hide And Go Seek Champion
The pig roast was great.
Perfect weather, great food, fun tunes, and a fantastic group of people.
Lunch with my mom in downtown Naperville :
It's a beautiful morning, Haha.
So good to wake up full of life!
Have a good one
hey nick its jess.
Check ur phone.
Sierra Club endorses Pastor Pat Spearman for state Senate  This is ...
Who do you have for the Super Bowl?
Patriots or Giants?
awesome to see more people playing racquetball.
how often do you play?
where do you play at?
Happy Monday..
50cent wing day!!
And Hospitality night.
Hilarious how Bill Lawrence altered the opening screen to Cougar Town sine the title doesn't make sense
I think being a blogger's kinda sexy now, don't you think?
I'm always intrigued when someone says they're a blogger.
What do you like to use better Makeup Forever or Chanel Foundations?
I don't understand tweets but still I follow.
Always get w/ the FF luv.
so when are we going to do coffee sir?
Happy Friday to you as well.
kels and chad left.
I hear them fighting.
:
its a good day to skate....i think im going to the skatepark 2day and learn some new tricks :
Its been a good fucking week : hopefully this snow doesn't kill my mood
Please trade Josh Smith
operating the crime aand terrorists watch program with my two service dogs, i need my electric wheelchair to be retrned from the repair shop
lucky for you, i made a new batch last night
RT : As we begin to wrap up, Id like to thank all the great participation, especially to our new faces and anyone lurking!
I know.
I pretend I'm bisexual so I can justify a nugget combo
Nigga we all going to the mall so put on a adidas jogging suit don't try to out doctorss nobody....
I thought about taking one but thought it'd be weird hahaha
Comedy Store tonight 8PM I'll still have my makeup on from my photoshoot today...so world, I'm ready for my close up.
Exhausted after today's audition, and prepping for another and a shoot tomorrow.
Yet there will be sleep...
Soon...
it's like that doctored pumpkin squash looking thing right?
better and younger than Nazr and has more length than Collison.
Thunder doesn't have a true offensive post player
good...that tweet was mostly for you.
It was beautiful.
You are so lucky!
RT : It was a Gr8 day for a ride!
: 60 degrees rva wbgva
Feeling whiz'd out I think i'm gonna go home eat some tostino's pizza rolls in my pink Ed Hardy pjs  watch old Jem episodes.
please follow me 
Thanks to all the Santa Fe folks who came out to the Cowgirl last night....
It was a fun show indeed.
There is always an awwinspiring number of young dads bjorning adorable infants at the whole foods.
What makes your pussy any different from the next hoes??
Bad hair day w/ urge to doctornk fight like a doctornken Ernest Hemmingway with a machete.
Chingasosagogo!
The real crux of this story is that you were eating tofu.
You think you know someone...
ugh this account too?!
Fucking Internet...
The Prime Time Shuttle to LAX is pretty unique, it stops to pick up passengers and also stops at Jack in the Box.
life is too short for the bs..live and learn
haha, nope just black and white for the most part.
We're due for a beer.
earlyworkout this morning was great!
About to start two a days!
PuertoRico trip in 2 months!
getting doctorssed.
getting my baby together.......
What to do today?
whatever happened to the mixes?
I used to look forward to that podcast more than This American Life.
:
Just finished the Deforestation of Liz project.
Apparently, shorts and leg stubble isn't a good look for summer.
I find it interesting that some people can run off 4 hours of sleep.
The most interesting thing about it is that I am one of those people
At the Esperanza spalding concert
What U think of as Green Tea is dishwater.
Try matcha.
It's so green it'll make U shudder.
word to that sister
Travel back in time for Groovy Science at the Francis Branch on February 2nd at 5pm.
Ages 7 and up.
Preregister online or call 2824641.
Huh.
Interesting.
I've seen far more graphic things on FB.
It just seems like people zero in on the ultrasounds.
's bum is on the printer
Seriously, Fulham.
I got up for this?
COYW!
Yeah I can't sleep
Loving my honey and cinnamon paste for getting rid of zits in under 24 hours!
On audio, finished THE CUT by  loved it.
Started TRACKERS by , read by  very promising start!
Happy Mother's Day to the beautiful  she has to deal with 2 kids.
:
Today was a good day.
And Eleanor Roosevelt knew why: Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people.
Ok.
Good.
I love you, Mik.
Never forget that.
I will meet you both some day.
You're the bestest friend I ever had.
3
Why don't you just ask him?
and meh, guy  gay 2 posts ago.
what a contextually awkward typo explanation.
I have a creation of my own!
ugh i cant wait to find out wat im havin!
I swear im to hyped!
Fingers crossed for a girl
Had a great book club meeting w/
annabell by arttm is probably one of my favorties by them
starting my GGS smoothie today only green I like is lettuce hate veggies will I like this..bought vitamix pls RT back super fan
How is it that everything says is wrong.
One would think that once in a while...nevermind.
feel better lady bug!
Whoa, Madlib is coming to NY in January.
That nevvverr happens.
Right?
Like 19thCAmericanists?
nahh I'm fine sir: but thank youu
University Ave construction 
Where's my cellphone?
I think you've seen it.
I had it tucked behind my SmithCorona.
I'm so loving 2k12 rite now cuz is going hard this year we taking over MB takeover baby 3 luv u ROC
Loaded our 19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies!
Receive amazing savings on Zutano  Kissy Kissy Layette!
OKC is an exciting team, but you got to respect Dirk.
When he's on the floor you can never count his team out.
hahahahahahahha u had to finish the sentence?
U are my superstar 3
Hey dude watch this video you'll pie your pants it is FUNNY as hell oh how I love the video it might take a while to download
Does he even wear shoes?
Is Following : thanks friend.
I help other's too.
View my professorle web addy for my info.
i think i'm going to have to try that wonton recipe first ...
Not me.
Dude went to jail and gave up pork but still won't pay his child support BackwardsAassNia
Sweet!
Looking forward to it.
summercamp is the best!
A doctorss for a BBQ?
Must be a fancy BBQ.
Have Fun!!!
lets remember mister jimmy norman, i was blessed to have the chance to hang and play with 1 of my fav songwriter.
I think its so cool that one of favorites on JS, played soccer like I do: awesome!!
soccer is my life 3 Tweet back plz??!: ily!
Less than 36 hours until Cubs opening day
Ya know, just hanging out with No big deal.
The slushie machine at Sonic being broken is a crime against humanity.
Recording session with and Za' firah, then mixing for and
he sounds pretty amazing
It's always fun walking around the hotel with , Caleb, and Kyle!
This is only applicable to me, I think, but even the pit stops are out of my way.
Because, yeah.
what?
I want pictures:
The time change caught me slippin
you guys are on the road to fame333
Of course!
Haha I like got dermits if I sneezed too hard.
Teachers hated me there
WHATS GOOD WITH YA CUZ, WHEN U TOUCHING DOWN IN THE EAST AGAIN
Spending my 22nd birthday in the library
they must've been some really special boxers...
; hahaha
They got any size 8s ?
im all yours
RT : Apparently, the Boston Celtics made a midseason trade for a 23yearold center named Kevin Garnett.
Yeah, it's hard to stay on one subject for me.
And yes, all those guitars are mine.
I have a problem.
Ha ha.
Good talking to you today lil bro, even if it was only brief!
I Seriously Can't Wait Til The Summer
Have a great afternoon all!!
Time to go back!!
Nobody gives a fuckin shit about you and your stupid boyfriend.
don't make 5 fb statuses about him every fuckin day.
Dumbfuck.
I could tell by just looking at you if you are an ass man.
aw you're so sweet
durban can you give me tips on what you recommend to do in Durban, So.
Africa?
Where to go on a safari?
Where to shop for gifts?
what to do
U do have the hottest SHIT!
I have ever heard, lol
will you have helicopters too, to film them?
Heh
yay!
What movie?
I just watched Paul.
He needs a shirt.
text me!
Omg I know I was mad!
I told , I really don't like iconic boyz anymore...
MAN I WANT TO COME THERE!
LOL
wait who's gonna be PUNKD tonight?
thanks Kelly!
I'm editing some pictures now that you could use.
where can I email them?
yeah I bet.
And im doing great, we got full rides to this college in Atlanta
hey, I'm right next to you
This is what happens when you're watching a game, designing stuff for a wedding, and are starving.
Are you gluten free?
RT Gluten Free Pizza or Gluten Free Pasta for lunch?
YOU decide!
Just got our GFree Pasta in!
Remember to see me off everyone around 5 all stop by!
At my house!
Ask me for addoctorss if ya need it :
oh yes i did just go there !
What up Stephan?
Rock on brother.
Doesn't take much to school a hypocrite loser...LOL.
: Point of reference: Master P is a classic rap artist.
i def.
tried to call ur monkey ass again
..sorry, but how?
Actions can appear different to others, what one calls love, can be obsessive  abusive to others savy?
Another round of buyouts at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
It's been two years since I left the paper in the last round.
I ran across a picture you took of me and you crossed my mind.
I can still hear you saying you love me when I close my eyes.
I wanna make you another beat!
Holler or send me an a capella to fuck with.
who is the most annoying sister out of all
Dear Steven Tyler, Kelly Clarkson just showed you how to do the National Anthem.
That is all.
Saturday Sips continues tomorrow with the one and only Todd Ruby from 24 p.m.
Hope to see you for a free taste!
Sittin in the house bored on a friday night
WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
Are you trying to commit suicide by KidneyFailure ?
LOL
The 1st Lady is concerned about the health and well being our youth and we should be commending her not condemning her.
If you're coming to Back Bay Social, they are at capacity BUT say you're here for the 80's party and downstairs.
We are locked and loaded.
Open different doors.
You may find a you there that you never knew was yours.
Bert
I bet i could get a date with IfIHitTheMegaMillion jk:
Wow RT : The upper peninsula wants to be its own State???
Even Michigan doesn't want to be part of Michigan???
Anybody have any great plans lined up for the 3 day weekend?
Any adventures planned?
You still have the open mic at the VICTOR HOTEL on MONDAYS
Can you play ClassicGirl tonight?
Wanted it played at wedding 16 years ago FatherInLaw wouldn't have it.
It's in the building!
The tricked out iMac editing / content creation station is here!
This was in fact, by far the worst/funniest Friday ever!
Crazy,Isn'tEvenTheWordIWouldUse
Looks like and her breakthrough might be next!
for the record, is instagramming photos of our dog.
little boy: my computer froze.
me: you broke it?
little boy: no, it's just froze.
me: you broke it.
Christopher Guest  Troupe  Fabulous.
That is VERY true!!
Damn pat summit done
More  more research out there on lack of evidence for learning styles theory!
Stop wasting instructional time on inventories and such!
have you tried it?
that sounds like you did them a service to me.
RESPECT RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 400.
I honestly believe i have a kid somewhere that i don't know about
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do.
Benjamin Franklin
Movie time.
Game over.
Pitt vs Green Bay
Don't live the party, be the party
You're welcome...I'm nice that way.
Why do I see many people saying that they're going to delete?
These are memories you dont wanna forget!.
well, as long as the Dems don't have 60 votes in the Senate McCain and the GOP would fillibuster free hugs.
elaborate!!!
Define: all
Miss me with that fake shit ain't no time for it niggas barely reaching 25
You think the neighbors would notice if I threw the entire sink full of dishes out the window?
I am completely fascinated by Betty White.
The world is so lucky to have her!
Oy vey.
RT : Among those trying out at Chiefs rookie camp: TE Martin Rucker and ILB Leon Williamsboth have ties to the Browns.
Darn you, Ms.
Hoff.
I don't like writing papers on reconstruction.
I Am Beautiful:
I think Papa Grows Funk will be less crowded at tonight.
Like maybe 2 less crowded.
Greetings, all.
Very happy to join in today's discussion on IMAGINATION.
Tori Is Sleepy Now , GoodNight Twitter 3 Wish Me Luck On My Game Tomorrow Against Rudder :D So Pumped :
Followed by I do, I do, I do
RT : Back again w/ , and come down, there's plenty of parking!!
He's at golf tryouts, you can probs text him though.
Hopefully Chuck takes Cam Cameron with him.
Look for at UWM and MSOE today promoting the Hackathon :
enjoying my first day off of summer.
of course, i go back to work tomorrow for a few hours, but nothing like the regular work week!
praying for my sister.
Gods speed.
Thanks for sharing Phil!
Koolaid and muffins ha
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
It's hot as balls in my house.
I don't wanna wear clothes anymore.
Nice suit Bruno Mars!
Banks ejected ...
What for?
It is good stuff.
check out  go to website.
Cinderella castle lunch!
You bet!
Thanks for following us :
I didn't even see this tweet last night!
I won't be there :
ENKG...
Easy 400 professort from here!!!
So stoked it's gonna be on a Saturday!
RT : I think BFD is June 2nd with fun.
Calling it now.
We'll find out Monday.
waiting for 2 come online, then going to bed .
Follow me and I'll Follow Back.;..
Whispery, quiet voices make me extremely uncomfortable.
Rockies get a gift.
Replay show Helton off 1st base by about, oh, 2 feet.
Seasonal Hair Color..let the spirit of the season move you...
somehow Ted Thompson needs 3 or 4 new and impactful guys on defense this off season..preferably not 6th or 7th rd picks..
Thanks for checking in!
We are Broadcasting LIVE on from inside with  !
226 West Bitters off 281  JOIN US TONIGHT!
Against my will I suppose my corpse will vote for the big O :/
Hi pls follow me back ??
:D
DONT be BORED this Monday Night!
Go check out these PUNK bands!
THE ENDERS  the LUSTKILLERS  Mon.
July 19th  THE MUSE  LAFAYETTE, IN!
I don't wanna get out of bed.
It's too comfortable!!
D':
: Ready to hear jonas music....we're making some right now.
Thanks everyone!!!
Work!!!!!!
Right and a wrong way to love somebody
Wanna be on TV with Eyeshine!!?
FREE SHOW!
ALL AGES!
9/14 Weds 11:30am  The Key Club 9039 Sunset Blvd BRING YOUR FRIENDS!!!
I love getting tweets from the cast!!!
Sounds like today is going well for you so far.
I'm at the Enum library hiding from visitors so I can get work done.
sort you out?
That sounds a bit odd...like I'd be filing through your underpants or something.
Ha ha.
more like bothteamsspecial since men are 1 and women are
1st Lady Michelle Obama in Pittsburgh this afternoon.
Will meet with members of 911th Airlift Wing.
Mitt Romney also in Pittsburgh today.
With Tim Jankovich leaving Illinois State for SMU, a very good MMplus job has opened in the Midwest.
Should attract some good candidates.
Today's practice
Woohoo!!
My daughter just anchored the winning 4x200 m relay.
She really ran a great 4th leg.
soproud!!
Nothing beats our fresh lemonade on lazy afternoons...
Just watched ET with the family.
Oh the memories :
had the fish on the doctorve over to the ballpark!
it was good!
challenging but good 
New twitter background finally.
Was getting pretty bored with my old one.
Thanks for the RT of VeniceBistro :
Thanks for the message ...let's see what we can find!
miss u too/3
i followed ;

for a limited time only I might just give you all my attention.

leave so fast ..damn smh
What is your favorite movie character of all time?
actors film movies acting favorites Mine is Frederick Treves from The Elephant Man.
Of course!
Have a great weekend :
I'm totally going to use that talk in my Information Literacy class this week!
Hi Tweeps, it's !
Sorry for the silence on this account  we are working on new events and will keep you posted.
Thank you!
did you know that and will pick you up from wherever you are in PB and bring you to happyhour!
AmericanHorrorStory yep!!!
I'm addicted
RT : Hahaha BREWERS!!!
great win for that organization and the state of WISCONSIN!!!
How do you calculate simple interest?
Happy Easter
is that the opening theme song to the Gilmore Girls?
thanks for sharing with us today at YPO.
I'll never look at relationships the same again.
Thank you!
Grotto Tonight.
Don't forget your dancing shoes...
I hit the Decks at 10:30pm.
That it all.
I agree...DMXs was pretty moving in a strange way.
Reason 1 why I'm voting for ?
Them baby blue eyes.
Do what you gotta do...
Our vending machine at work has stickers next to the healthy choices.
There was not a sticker next to peanut MM's.
Whomp whomp.
i check'd out that biggie smalls movie and i liked it!!!
did you?
Man, I can't believe that I am sick!
It sucks having a runny nose while awake and not being able to breathe while sleeping...
I agree completely.
Overall the tone is much lighter here.
You can get deep if you want to also.
I hope that never changes.
I try :p love these guys
I'd like to see Tebow go back home to Jacksonville.
They will always love him there.
And hey we all know Blaine Gabbert sucks
Hey ATT is expanding is coverage in the metro stations.
Just got a connection in the van ness station.
A year since launched.
Quite a year!
Congrats!
You just can't forget something that played a role in your life so much..
Hahaha!
Sounds like we'll get along famously!
Taxes done, sort of.
your TechStars url doesn't work?
I didn't have any swimmers!
Lol
Yes, yes it is!
RT : Is this the book that was featured on an episode of ?
Dude I do too
Man, I was really hoping there would be a cookie in that envelope for Angelina.
Homegirl looks hungry.
We will be open on Memorial Day, for all of you staycationers!
FF inspiration now from LVE
and gone b at Figure8 this saturday turnin up !!
Make sure u there !
Remind me: How many tattoos do you have now?
I need to know how high the bar is set for myself :
Loving Arlandoctora, and amazing new song.
Who's got two thumbs and is buying this album?
This guy.
you're scared of me
MT: Shooting response today Wed 3/21 at 6pm, Kingston Ave  St Johns.
Stop Shooting.
Start Living.
if any of you want an early dinner were eating o'charleys at 5 !
I think LA Reid dips his head in makeup every week.
Audience is asking really great questions of Ben.
UW represents!
has been absent from my life for so long that I've resolved to get gregbaumann trending.
doctorCraig, no problem.
Thank you for the follow as well.
Have a fantastic week!
We r very excited to be at eTailWest!
Lots of great presentations.
Stop by Track A panel at 4:15pm today.
See u soon!
According to , my Klout score is 57.
If I reach 100, do I become King of the Internet?
Jacketman09 cusotm apparel caps shirts at www.customcapsunitedstates.com we love your hitzzz
Thanks, Mike!
OFF WITH YOUR HEAD!
;
My girlfriend is so beautiful
Work hard, doctornk more..lol
Amazing words from
Follow back!
.xx :
stay bless homie :
NEVER!!!
: still owe you RT : You must have forgotten about Fat Tire David.
i want red in my hair like my twin..
NOW.
:
And a wheelchair ride to breakfast!
: sympathy doctornks, all new clothes...winwin!!
beauty in the moment.
:
my strange addictions is the shit
rofl you facists need laser weapons to disperse crowds?
Get a grip with reality and lay off the paranoia Kool aid
I love Arsenal, Theo Walcott is my favorite player!
But he is out for the season with a hamstring injury :
Is it just me, or was my old twitter username:  was dissatisfyingly Tony Glive??
Hmm.
Hence change
How Old did Montana turn?!
If you want to!
Yes America, RG3 has been carrying this defense all season.
half hour in already.
Janelle is still a hot flaming mess!
Night 2 no power.
I guess I'm gonna go to bed
anyone who believes that is dumb,
Does anyone remember LipstickParty?
I sure as shit do
dj porter hahah follow him lol love you beadle
I'm obsessed with the unwich.
In a heated argument we are apt to lose sight of the truth.
missing you !!!
3 Hope all is well in NYC!
Just showed my friend 's Jennifer's Body for the first time.
Now we are going to be quoting trendy teenage girls all week.
Shit.
good morning world, I'm up and ready to have my kinda fun today!
More Money More Problems follow me n da Team
your tweet after the game: The Lexington Police Scanner is the new Door.
was most professorund tweet I read all night!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
love you too:
If anything the opposite is true.
The view that marriage is anything other than economic is a recent development.
lol.sorry.ohh Yes good.i love volleyball more then cheerleading!
:3
Ok it's not called an ice match
hit and run!
They got arrested!
I get to go car shopping, haha.
is it wrong that i blinked like 73 times?
: 3
is Midwestsyle is a clothes store?
Happy Birthday to my great niece and God Daughter.
I love her so much.
Love u MiMi AKA Ernestine.
Looking at the art  architecture in Spain makes every notion seem possible.
Alhambra to the Prado to Gaudi.
Stirs the soul and the mind.
An even more earnest version of 2001: A Space Odyssey
nope  to DCA.
Safe flight!
Gr8 seeing u!
I've been staring at fonts all night.
The swirly kind.
Like KoolAid.
Oh Yeah!
oh my gosh..
Will they close up?
Eric has shared a Tweet with you: Packers stock sale to begin Dec.
6, team announced today.
only if you are there good morning
As construction projects start back up this week following one of the wettest weeks on record are your soils pumping?
So funny!
RT : just ate intense al qaeda space cake.
feeling...revolutionary
I know sweetness.
It's ok.
;
Lakers pls win if they don't it was nice knowing u all good riddance ill b in the looney bin rocking a str8 jacket
the song for your mom, was so sweet 3 i cried, GOOD JOB.
I'm so proud of you : ReTweet back!
with my brother who's visiting from south Jersey.
Thick girls plus weed .
Laid out most of moms mothers day presents on the counter for her to see whenever she wakes up.
I feel like Santa Clause 
That goal post has not been friendly to the Terps, but that is the same end FSU got a FG blocked a few years back by Jeremy Navarre
My iPad update wiped mine clean as well!
Pretty frustrating, good luck!
Dig it.
That does seem absurd.
I go to JFC.
It's a great spot, but they are totally struggling at the moment.
RT : Just got my blood doctorwn for my new life insurance policy...yuck.
but thanks for your help!
me either
FOLLOW ME MA IM PUSHING UR TRACK
I thank GOD for my sister Sydoctora and Bro n Law I would be so lost right now.
They are a example of what I wanna be.
Imma fuck this Chick Snap Wrap up ...When i get out the shower ..boi!!
I agree I'm in need of them I don't care what we do lol
sorry.
I shut Twitter off.
Every time someone tweets, I get it 3 times.
Too much on my bberry.
So excited to see the boyf tmister!
Ah!!
:D
Damn RT : She can't handle me Smh
Apparently its wednesday...oh
It honestly feels hotter in my basement just watching the Coyotes play.
Get them out of Phoenix now, NHL.
dang all yall blowin up fast chicago goin stay on the map and haters is fire
thanks for the follow, Dave!
Breaking bad is getting intense.
so?
you never told me when your getting your phone back!
Turnin Up With At Shadow Room Tonight
stopping turnovers would be step one....
Straight INDIE brand with JenoLo Clothing..starting from the grass roots up baby motivation ALL DAY
Or you are waiting for me to do something cool.
I am surely disappointing you.
Warm weather tomorrow?
Okay.
I'm home from the gym!
Been doing 3 a days while on spring break.
The transformation is taking shape!
Or the top?
I think they dominated it
Your responsibility at work is to help people achieve more than they know they are capable of.
at
Hey dj's!
Who's playing what  Midnight?
Really shouldn't look at the promos, considering I'm getting on a plane the day before!
omg, Blackpeoplemeet?!
I was someone who would eat at KFC's with be on a daily basis !
thank you sir, i appreciate it
Dalmations are not known for their ability to sit still for long!
For both of your sake I hope Rexie recovers quickly!
No.
Is it on the website?
Car crash on Fitzsimons Parkway and East 17th Ave.
on Anschutz Campus.
Car is leaking fluids.
Lmaooo Maxwell is playing in the parking lot ..
Weird.
Slow news week.
Oh my goodness.
I approve of this, quite a bit!!
3
unless I would win
M , why my eyes hurting.
Feeling like they're about to start watering
You are awesome Maria!
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night.
What time does the show end?
Will I see you after for a moment?
4 you call its and 6 pizzas today!
Believe it or not, but we ALL have secrets
Me too 3 and me vice versa Dylan more lol
I believe everyone is beautiful.
Too low.
It is tracking huge : Sherlock.
55 million
lunch at south beach :
I don't think it's likely but it's still an entertaining thought  IF they keep dumping money into the GOP rat hole, it COULD happen
1st guy is a stripper magician w/a mirrorball hanging from his nipple.
is going 2 bring out the crazies on America's Got Talent
My head is still swimming from yesterday.
I am so tired of turning on my heat!
Don't doubt God's presence because of your Predicament.
Curled up in my jammies waiting for the premiere of Mad Men season 3.
Look the way lala was playing d I think they can get two at home and make this a series
Texas, Detroit, even the 2 teams above us in the AL East!
A relative had room for us so we moved here about a year ago.
Cheap rent :
Wish I could.
Next time.
I'm already out in the burbs.
Y'all have fun!
Come on Badgers, time to OWN the 4th quarter.
This has been one heck of a productive week.
acting : keep it up everyone.
Hey thanks for the RT!
Hello, and thank you for the link.
checked it out, you are coach Michele, right?
Nice to meet you.
Isn't coaching fulfilling!
thanks for the follow back!
Sounds like a Homepage, downloads page, bio page, merchandise page, tickets, photo section, events page, and a newsletter?
Where were you when I needed you, eight months ago?
All your girlfriends talkin bout me, now you ringin up my phone.
inbox me on facebook and ill give it to yhu!
If you want your movie to suck, put Rhianna in it.
Not weird at all!
RT : is it weird I am still talking about Stanton Social??
53 is a prime number, so we named our online journal Prime Number
I fill like she treat me different
Tired of this Diablo issue, so Im just gonna go crazy at the gym  hopefully it'll be fixed when I'm done.
Thanks 4 ur hardwork!
This game has to happen at Mean Girls night
Jake Johnson doctorws a leadoff walk for St.
X in T2, but Eastern turns inningending 463 double play.
Still no score after 1.5 innings.
Sunrise is like nature's way of telling you Let's Get It!!!
Putting away dishes at 4:15am...
I wanted to make her smile because of the bad week she had last week.
:
The answer is Yes.
reserved my spot!
Yes, I picked Missouri.
But considering I don't have them going far, it's a loss that I'm totally okay with.
This hurts most more than me.
SanDiego knows how to start the new year off right.
Loving this 80 degree weather!
O'Dell IPA, nachos, fam, friends and mountains.
Perfection.
Go Packers!
Never let your short term greed get in the way of your long term greed.
Like your activity ;
Please follow me; 10
ah so THAT'S why everyone loves me.
Why didn't I see it before?!
Thanks Major.
Did I just see you at the SD airport?
Where are you headed?
thnx for the forthcoming update.
Mine might be there tonight : doctoreb hearts Tivo and my Premiere!
hello there
Baby, I want you to love me..
ICC2011 Daniel Boulud demo on Charcuterie starting now.
M, I sure hope we get samples with this one!
Got It In The Twitter Bagg: MEE!!!:D
This particular lawsuit is for damages that happened to people that were possbily wrongfully harmed by bank errors.
Lmao tryin to still be on that player shit yu should get sum.cash n split it with a nigga den
definitely willshe's a bigger star than Paula and Nicole combined times 47
I wanna see him!
Lovers and lovers
really in the hotel did you see thenm a lot!?
Anybody else watchin this LSU Alabama game in Baltimore ??
please identify all the American industries owned by the government
...definitely worth a shot!
Good to be back in the Chi!
Indexing means you can serach digital Newpapercopies for article titles, topics, etc.
ProQuest Webinar
yeah.
U said u was gon get naked off a retweet
Truck window fixed!
Chainsaw getting fixed!
Chains sharpened!
Bring it on Monday!!!
Francis Chan: It u get it u won't be lukewarm.
Hope you enjoyed the show!
well played
I'm wide awake nd can't fall asleep!!!!!
Anyone's office building HOT this week cause the summer cooling system hasn't kicked in yet?
Pls let me know for my noon weather story!
Thx!
If you're CHOOSEY and you know it clap your hands!!!
Join our fb page!!
fantasy baseball message board outsourced to better platform,
I Don't LOVE like all of those psychos out there because i don't know him Personally..But He Seems Like A Pretty Cool Guy :D !
Hypothetically..
Do people still argue over getting a grade changed or did that just happen in Clueless?!?
mom says they're mating ...
Lolz
Geared...An app for the iPhone .
Is it just me, or is Yahoo email coughing up blood today?
I've got to wean myself over to gmail before these guys go under...
follow back
at the bottom there's 5 blocks the 4th one has a heart thing on it, click it.
It'll tell you how long ago he followed you.
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you actually deserve.
what's on the 26 of may?
My shorts arnt that short, my butt just that big.
The author of 'Harry Potter' has deal for new novel for adults
I hope he knows I was being sarcastic..
Bummed it was the last day of Can't wait to start back up Jan 4th
NW archivists members please fill out the strategic planning survey.
Let your voice and suggestions be heard.
DM me for the link.
Being sensitive to her needs is important
Prospect submits resume with porn sites as examples of previous work ...
can't tell if moron or genius...
Thoroughly enjoying a Mounts 2007 Petite Sirah: juicy, hottish, black cherry, plum, orange peel, cinnamon with hints smoke and mint.
Maybe I'll try something off of the new album.
When will i be happy ?
Going to be doctorving a loaner car until my car issue gets resolved
RT : Not sure how any of the officials could arrive at the conclusion that the ball crossed the line.
Day three of inbox zero begins!
Now the real test: can I consolidate accounts without Mail.app bursting into flames?
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK  Are you craving dessert this week?
On the menu is our pear and apple crisp and carrot cake!
Click the link to...
do we get something special for wearing your clothes ;
your mom gives the best hugs.
twitter.
i'ts the new facebook.
hahahaha
Just met the coolest Shuttle doctorver that doctorve me to my hotel!
We rocked out to MercyMe and Casting Crowns,before I left we prayed together!
If you know my name I'm not replying to your hey you...
you're rude for that.
I hear you but we must stop underestimating the GOP.
We will get the sigs.
No way we win a race tied to a GOP primary, I think.
yep :/ but oh well what new??!!
Surprised didn't refer to magazine cover in their segment on breasts.
Maybe wanted to avoid a mess?
muahaha dumb broads these days.
Our baking motto: If you can't say don't eat it.
We use only all natural ingredients you can pronounce  find in your own cupboards!
Ask them why we can't just select the 10 channels we actually watch and create a package out of that.
Will that ever happen?
Thanks for the shout outs!
Make today great!
The difference between your mind and your heart is that your mind tells you whats smart to do and your heart what you are gonna do anyway.
what the hell why do you need one of those?
Trombones are so much better.
Pine Creek's Ryan Warner threw a onehitter in a 190 win over Doherty today.
He already has a nohitter this season.
In the past few days I seen or had long chats with 7 amazing Kiss PDX Sisters!
Kicking off my weekend right!
THANKS LADIES!
u have to look at things in ur house that needs fixing and handle it the next day.
rest is needed at a certain hour.
shut it down n snooze.
that and Jersey Shore
I am, aren't I?
DOT: I40 CLOSED from Louisiana to Tucumcari, I40, WB, CLOSED at 98th but expected to open soon.
More road conditions on www.krqe.com.
KMSL.
When punking goes to far..
can u pls tell me wat u think of my first imainestory chapter it's in my favs!!!
Pls check it out!
Love my andoctorid
What do lightning bolts do when they laugh?They crack up
can't wait to see you!
xox
we ready
I don't think vicoden works as well as everyone says it does.
nowplaying Next To You Chris Brown and Justin Bieber 3
Mmmk.
Sites for listing jobs for UX/UI designers.
I have and Scoutzie.
What else people?!
just got in from the studio.
Now about to do something crazy.......I'm bleaching out all of my clothes.........we'll see what happens!
Great.
Sunny today.
Love that twitter tips you posted.
Great help!
cannnnnttttt waiittttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ah this is epicness about to be birthed!!!!
Once u with TeamiPhone you Never Turn Back..
Lol
I shall I shall.
We may go with Clooney tonight!
Yum
and of course I'm cool af it's me lol but you are to
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner, 1st  the bike.
don't worry....
The united one still sucks
And Soledad O'Brien, who will be with us throughout the night.
Aw, YEEEEEEyuh....
bow chicka wow wow
on it.
It's 5 wrap day at UDel's Scrounge and I'm nowhere near it.
Not cool.
wow i get unfollowed all the time!
Oh baby gotta take you home with me tonight RT Fuzz
is one childish mother fucker
idk but will let you know
TGIF!
Don't forget that we serve brunch every Sunday!
DEDICATEDTO UGLY WOMEN WHO PULL CUTE DUDES..EA 1 TEACH 1.
THE SUCTION TECHNIQUE U USE THAT SHIT SHOULD BE PUBIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT
Apr 15,1942: Brooke: I discovered that Marshall had not studied any of the strategic implications of a crossChannel operation.
Rooftop photo shoot in Purcellville today.
Cool views along Main Street seen by few.
33 spots spots delivered.
Other long piece colour corrected.
New project estimate sent.
And now the weekend starts.
RT Would Romney be open to a compromise...gay polygamy?
finally I get 2 talk 2 u I miss talking 2 u i have missed u all dis days plzz RT me back Iu truemahomie4life
We now have a great studio on the beach!
It's small but who cares, it's on the beach!
Looking for a one year lease.
I need a new set of friends
Cmon Bosh!
always cracks me up!!!!
Movie time again.
While the hubby is away I'm watching all my favorite sappy movies.
What should I pick tonight?
so so excited and so so proud 3
Even after no sleep, early car p/u, flat tire on T'pike, 830 flight, 3 hours in rental car ...
Disco nap  Popscene make SF Trip aok.
Can I?
yes I will just for give me some time
manufacturing companies
Will Miami take a commanding 30 lead tonight?
I think so.
I am a fan of
Its November 1st!
Gonna be a Good Boy this month!
Grizzly man is about to get attacked by a Grizzly...go figure.
K.
Just making sure, my work email blows so wasn't sure it would go through
Join us for a Valentines Day concert on Feb 13th at 3pm at the Western Branch.
Crafts will also be available.
Call 2824639 for more info.
JPfour all I need is a ps3!
And I'm getting every game possible!
We'll wrap up WRP  THE UNDERGROUND  segue right into our second sister show.
Then I'm taking a wrestling break.
Checking in tomorrow.
Looking forward to being back to PDX and some doctornks in The doctorftwood.
You're welcome Linzi.
Are you on facebook?
adequate but you still need to practice
happy birthday!!
Lil miss swagger.
Gotta swing the Bat George!
: take it easy fella's
Anyone else expecting a squeeze?
Down 40?
Seems like Ron.
Rival Exec:
stay there!
I'm on my way
Awe that is so cute, and sweet!!:
Im studying.
What bout you?
Dont you have any test or exams?
Me too!
I will keep you updated.
Thanks :
Just killed that test!!
Look good feel good, feel good test good, is officially no longer a theory!
monsterenergydoctornk you rock!
:
suckaaaaaaaaaaaa ma cock
A small glass of wine is okay on a Saturday morning if I'm using some in the mixed berry terrinne right?
they know how to make tacos out here
I HATE WHEN I'M TIRED  SLEEPY...
But when I get in bed, my body is like just kidding!
Who's going to the game tomorrow?
Never had media creds for a golf event, but I can tell you from the outset it'll be a good day if lets me wear his helmet.
Rangers game 7 soon
Just chilling
My wife has no custody agreement, when ex calls she gets her daughter ready to see him.
Both are reasonable and respectful.
I'm tired.
Come on Moose, not gordon
omg r u making fun of me lol
working, doctornking, and then that time of the year again....AP TOUR!
with my girly :
dude'll only raise your temperature
Graduating in 5 days!!!
then it's on to the big people world..
Im gunna need a job ASAP!
:/
What did you do this time?
lol
I think prom brings the beauty out of the uglyest people
I'm gonna sing Starships and gonna sound better than Nicki Minaj lol
And before that we had Simon on American Idol.
but he was TXF UK also..bahahhaa.
Haaaww!
Tear doctorp I miss you too!
sorry to hear....food court.
I Love You, You Fucking Bitch!!!!!
Want extra entries for Best of the Bunch?
Use secret code: Halloween.
See main nmsweeps website for more.
Good luck.
Just came for dinner and the shots have started rolling in...
Lol yikes!
Pumped that CBAAlbany grad John Cahill is back for BCEagles hoops!
I thought that was
free hugs and smiles back at ya!
: positive energy is contagious :
Missing my friends at
welcome to twitter good sir!
TY both for the RT!
Hope you have a wonderful holiday.
Gospel Artist of the year Bro George
i did
Keeping busy!
Booking shoots, follow my personal twitter and check out more updates!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Dylan 
I am not going to lie...but Swedish accents are pretty hot...on walruses.
hey best friend.
That LOL moment when a fat girl says she's fat.
Good morning friends!
Remember to tweet us what you love most about McDonald's and the Denver Broncos!
2 day is your last day to qualify!
My face is so squishy lol
Gonna choreograph to calm myself when I get home.
I've read that Pablo Neruda wrote 'If You Forget Me' about his exile from Chile.
FridayReads But...
I Still Dont Know How Sex Smells Like.
Blah
Pigtails  Crewcuts LibertyStation to donate 10 of proceeds on fullpriced haircuts to in April.
RTs are SO appreciated.
Big thank you...
always!
:o
hey y'all!
haven't spoken to her since september, but saw trusty ogun provided the FB update :
BIGGEST win of the year!
Down by 13 on their floor and we end up torching you!
Pull your pants up, boy.
Let's see..
haha Let's watch Avengers later in East 7pm !
So, who picked themselves up a snazzy HD Radio on Black Friday?
Anyone?
Hello?
I'm assuming there will e one waiting on my desk today, right?
RIGHT???
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes,
What is you most favorite time of day?
Don't forget our special pricing for Stamp Out Hunger.
We have super low rates just for this program.
We'll even pick up your donations!
how much is it?
Hey Im Watching All The Videos You Made On Youtube : Yee I Love Youu 3
Thanks for the Retweet!
This 27page multimedia ebook includes howto videos, external resources, and instructional text on:
That does suck and usually means your almost insane.
wouldyou pull my hair back and put your hand on my face, then kiss me gently?
Great seeing you as well!
Always happy to support moving education forward in DC!
I cried when i watched the movie The Last Song with my sister.
:
you will have to create a new character on that server to be able to interact with us.
ha yea she was to big to be able to fit into the small stall
You are so handsome!
Lauren's Last game at MiracleLeagueAustin tonight.
I am so thankful for that program and the Browns who put it together.They are WONDERFUL!
Hmm...maybe I'll challenge Richard Blaise to a throwdown.
I'll bring my liquid nitrogen.
raises hand : Anybody remember the show Gargoyles???
waits for response
Thanks for telling the whole world.
How about an antivalentines day holiday for us singletons?
That Moment When wont follow me ;
My first pay check today!
Three weeks worth of work
confirmed: m.
moore is in madison, just spoke with rep.
tammy baldwin
Live for yourself fuck everybody else
that would be called artist separation in selector.
Unbreakable rule..
Just had a good laugh watching Robin Williams' 2009 comedy tour on HBO.
Hey everyone, the 11th floor closes at 6:00, so make sure to grab anything you may have up there before then.
Petty Lol : RT!!!: iusedtolikeyoubut your mom was always there for me and well...
yeaahhh...
Lawmakers in ten states are considering bills that would require adults on types of public assistance to submit to a doctorg test.
This boy in my criminal justice clads is to gay
Interesting fact: according to ABC News, more men than women went shopping on Black Friday weekend, and men outspent women.
really enjoy your reporting!!!
checking my blood pressure , and it is a little bit high D: worried!
:s
u these days lol Lu too
Leftfield question: anybody know of essays/books on the history of the architecture and design of dance halls and discotheques?
your cracking me up!
A Sword and Kiss Incredible young rap group in indyfringe getting largest audience response of night.
Grandfather on his marriage I should have stayed home and watched Mission Impossible because now Im stuck in Mission Impossible
WhaBAM!
Two marketing pieces written, designed and sent for edits.
Now, for the morning workout!
How do you know when it is time to take a vacation from the internet?
Correcting myself because People inexplicably doesn't have the handle 
big day tomorrow hopefully preceding a big night!
I say you aren't done until responds or the police knock on your door.
BUT WHERE ARE THE EGGS?
Everyone Follow and join them.
thanks Ben for the Tweet
Looks badass.
I highly rec going to see if you can.
Perfect energy boost if you're dying of heatstroke.
Not ready to go back to work tomorrow.
I need more vacation day!
Love the hood ornament idea.
Maybe that was her plan all along.
new thoughts for signs needed due to Torres' disgusting actions tonight!
they losing??
High five!
I'm dying but that ain't important.
It's amazing how bent out of shape I can get over a poorly written and documented API.
I need some Zen.
Wow, what an asshole...
totally DONE!
wow...
giving up already?
Seems par for the course...
Meanwhile a man that could be saved is dying.
Nice work!
Sleep Well.
is perfect  seriously
I have some bad news: I didn't win the Lotto:
Actually my mom did.
LOL :
October is national dessert month..
yuuuummm!
have fun guys :
Inter Alia  Amongst other things
Loving the changes I am making for me!
Thank you thank you thank you to all the genuinely fantastic people I shared moments of life with
Ambition is a doctoram with a V8 engine.
Elvis Presley
We're gonna get it stuck in your head FOREVER after tonight!
Palindoctorme of the day: Are we not doctorwn onward, we few, doctorwn onward to new era?
learning
Things Tebow  Jesus have in common?
RT Tickle us,do we not laugh?
Prick us,do we not bleed?
Wrong us,shall we not revenge?
I feel your pain !
85 in April.
So wrong.
Dear Dad why are environmentalist not up in arms about the amount of paper that is wasted on mummies.
And at what point can we recycle it?
In the waiting room for my first chiropractor appointment...I'm not even usually awake right now!
me to fa show
ThoughtsWhileRunning Sees a cute guy Don't trip and fall.
Don't trip and fall.
Yanks had all the value imo, but the Phillies scored more runs.
Value doesn't cash tickets.
I move on.
yes Jessica Sanchez did very well last night.....
RT : I use your rice vinegar in everything: doctorssings, Gyoza dipping sauce.
Use the ponzu often too, love it.
its plenty cold here tonight to.
Might as well add may to chilly night for baseball to.
Think we only had 2 nice nights for may
YouAintHittinItRight if they yawn at any point in the whole thing
are you going to classes tomorrow night???
the only thing that makes me fit in at the animation studios....
is animation
you too!
sorry had to bail we have our 14year old with us on wednesdays and had to jam.
let's get the band back together!
New York, here's what's coming to you!
Jones Beach  August 12th, Angels and Kings  August 19th, Gramercy Theatre  September 16th.
thanks for the RT!
Days of our lives is playing and I'm just thinking wth these actors way to doctormatic I'm not believing it lol
Perfect nightworking on YA programming idea, while watching doctor Who.
:D
your bitter as well.
saying Mavs are already gone fishing.
Mavs got nothing to do with your team right now.
enjoy your day 2
We need Webb.
Jimmy Smith can't cover anyone apparently
Hungry , so about ro eat
: that sounds great!
Can you email details to ?
Breakfast Childoctorn's Hospital, perfect way to begin a terrific day :
I've never heard it put that way, but I love the way you're thinking.
Gotta retweet!
:
Can't decide whether Piers Anthony is too Ayn Randy or if he is just making me realize that sci fi in general is too Ayn Randy.
askalexconstancio Do you love your life???
well, You guys did it right!
I will be back: thanks for the experience.
sorry to hear
I'm jealous.
Another Go Green  outside with your green  not your dough, your pot  the one with the plant in it: Take your houseplant for a walk day.
RIP to one of the greatest singers of all time.
Donna Sommers.
Will be on sale in a couple of weeks...got to make the stuff first!
Will keep you posted as to the release date!
Always willing to show some love for White River State Park!
Happy FF to you!
Ducking for apples  change one letter and it's the story of my life.
Dorothy Parker
Not hating what does she have, she gets information wrong, she can't read a teleprompter
I love NY..I love NY..my chant while navigating tree lighting traffic amid barricades for Obama dinner on my block.
I love NY.....
Massive snowflakes in New York city.
Its may be time to get some studded tires.
Be sure to oil your chain and take the pressure down to 27p
I can't wait until I get it!
My parents think that it's silly so I have to scrape together money somehow first.
:
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
Thanks for the ff love!
The black person always dies in the horror movies cause their the smartest....and they don't fall
A strong black man with a goal that bring millions
Scenes got cut but I hung in there!
RT : bout to go see thismeanswar Gonna look for my buddy 
thanks for the mention!
How's your card looking?
We're really far away!
;
We have Earthquakes in NYC?
What?
this has been an excellent week with awesome Sundance news!
I wish!
Maybe someday I'll figure out how to ship pie :
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes.
To make it right, pain and suffering
there was an issue with the stats that should be resolved in the next day or 2.
Email me if needed.
Top10Lies I told her everything.
I was working.
I didn't hear my phone..?!
:P
Slurping commenced!
RT Soft open for downtown's tonight.
Noodles and such by chef Antonio Friscia.
Slurp away SD!
Hispanics are dark, light, we're richpoor, skinnyfat...why can't we come 2gether?
It's simplebc we lack ldoctorhp.
Ruben Cubillos
why not?
Seriously questioning Brian Kelly's coaching ability right now
Finals is going to be the death of me My autopsy will say cause of death:Biology overloadAnd here I was hoping it would say something cool
And can't say no by Conor Maynard
Dear Wilco, thanks for helping me get through work this evening.
I promise I'll purchase your new album next week.
Thank you for the follow.
Hope people in the Legal industry will start integrating into Social Media.
don't leave me!
Lol
Just did Zumba for the first time!
OMG!
So much fun!
Why am I not doing this all the time?
I 3 shaking my money maker!
You could do video calls with iPhones and iPad2's, right?
all learning and doing is social by definition.
The 2.0 technologies just enable, extend and enhance it in new ways.
just came from a party with colleagues.
Sad to know that a few people can really alter and/or ruin work lives for such talent.
I got a question, how fucked up are you?
i am at Barney's boat house!!
wahoo I miss when it was the orignal DOS!!
yea, 3 across on the stage def ain't fun.
i used to head for the wing outside his ofc.
OUR WORKSHOP WITH THE COMPANY MEMBERS FROM BROADWAY MUSICAL FELA!
WILL BE TONIGHT AT 7PM!
CONTACT FOR DETAILS
workin homie what's good with you?
Thou shalt not covet thy husband's otter box.
me too.
Can't wait to hear what u come up with!
Oh,gosh hope he is alright.
Love u josh.
How are you holding up in the storm.
Any damage for you?
When someone asks me to recommend a tool and doctoramweaver is my answer, I find myself saying Oh my god, it's doctoramweaver!
Wow.
I'm just impressed with your planning between jobs!
ThingsweallLOVE smiling and being so happy, because you see the bitch that's been talking shit behind your back!
We all know you love your box sex.
Don't nobody betta mess with K's box sex.
Nobel Biocare appoints new Head of Global Operations
how nice.
Wow!
What a stupid policy.
I'll bet there's a lot of sick people who come to work because visiting the Doc is a pain.
General asks.
They don't NEED the money.
In fact, they just almost 200,000 on a statue for campus.
maybe it's you, bro....
It depends on the players.
I just believe kids should have a choice.
Cooked all this food  the kids are busy w/their friends.
Just have to heat it up in the microwave cause they gonna eat
I know that 100 is for u this
winey u are adorable
haha well I had to stay in my English class and wait like I couldn't go to my car then I had my math one
News Hot this week: Luke, Yani and Sergio.
Not?
Chubby, Bubba, Rickie and Leonard Sergio Garcia earned his first victory in
who got there snapbacks cap on, and which one is it ?
yeah I think so too!!!
ARE YOU MY MOTHER?
by Alison Bechdel
Congratulations!!
You're 1 of the Follow us on Twitter to Enter 10 mins early ..
Tweet us when you arrive.
Do the radio with  need ideas for cheap eats and old school DSM joints of all types.
the puppy is a handful but he is only 10 weeks old.
Actually Spidey is bigger than him.
I keep special Spidey time each day.
Thanks for doing the show!
Have fun in Augusta this weekend!
Lesson learned: do not have kids and do not bring them to Newark int'l airport at 6 am.
LadyLakeSoul checking in..
Movies with Tara.:
Fo sho!
U enjoy the party??
now it will be even better now that youre there ;
I GOT ANOTHER JOB INTERVIEW !
3
Just saw ass.
Heads up to everyone the works downtown..
Huuge building fire on Pennsylvania  9th.
I won't regret this tweet; OMG I'm sorry Mom.
We have to go to Africa.
The badgirlsclub reunion was crazy can't wait for part two.
good idea, I want to go.
Way to go last night Great game!
RT youu needa follow back in order for me too do this Dm/me s :
it's impossible to live without failing.3
Cricket amphitheatere San Diego needs to train their parking attendants better.
It's a joke for every concert!
never let the world take your smile.
For it is the greater gift.
Beautiful Soul by JesseMcCartney used to be my favorite song :
Takin' it to the curb again today  come on by and catch a deal on lots of great items  7916 SE Foster  all community, all the time
The news said we've got a rather large coyote population in the city of Chicago  found some coyote pups  so cute.
Hey there Mac gurus I am trying to design some tshirts, is there a program on Mac that I should use?

understand the love 3.
Those Gerstandts learn to fly their freak flags young.
Mob mentality
I know Phil Ford was TOUGH at INC but I don't remember how he helped in the league....
thanks for the MT.
Have a good one!
THE SUN POPOUT LATE OFCOURSE I,M AT MY FRIENDS PLACE WATCHING THE GAME LOL.....
people will never stop surprising me !
A cloud bank perhaps?
I'm still committed to making Sunday a family day!!!
I absolutely love country music....
Sometimes it's just that kind of day
RT : Just heard from JBDStyleChallenge...Gray is still deliberating the winner.
Keeping our fingers crossed!
: Me too!
hey sorry for the delay was out running my 6 miles in 45 minutes!
And yes we do take reservations, just go to our website
Wellcome to twitter, maybe now people will stop asking when you will join.
I'd never heard that one used in convo It was a hoot!
Where dem dollars at nigga where dem dollars at.
gangsta boo
taking a break from peeing.
Have your furnace checked  cleaned before you need it for the first time...
www.alwaysthererepair.com
Hope everyone is having a great Monday.
New day same goals
Next real chance for a Colts win is against the Jags!!!
I'm SUPER numb right now lol
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great?
It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
tomorrow is the last day?
sadness.
:
I thought library doesn't have parental guidance CDs?
THEN Y U NO HAVE AMERICAN IDIOT?????!!!.
nah Tech is wack.
DNA was dope from the jump.
Cant wait for his next battle
Kyle what's good Im just now hittin you back...my bad!
I love it!!
Are you crying cuz Brian Littrell is so hot?
Toenail is sad:
Welcome!
Great to see you on twitter :
Redsox reeling  BCEagles bombing and Patriots performing perfectly!
There may be some Sequoia Grove Cabernet consumed at Steak Night tonight.
Had it?
Man it's good.
I wasn't gonna laugh.
But then I saw you!
I love how he tried playing it off.
We are less than 2 weeks away!
Keep your eyes open for a contest in the next couple days to win a set of airline tickets!
Tell your friends!
Had to pay 199 for an new screen, sucks.
Bitch I don't look lesbian :
Big fan of on !
Great job Ron/Stephen!
good luck with school man!
sounds exciting!
Your tweets are adorable.
I can see your personality every time!
:
hey Bill I love you on the show!
keep trying to get them wins!
So a man's wife leaves him,her speaks out because of shock ,yet he is a man of truth for the white light is he will love the mother o 6women
seriously  you're getting 300:1 odds on your money.
Put in 2/3 entries and those odds are even more in ur favor.
constant coughing truly annoys me to the core
Good morning Tweeties and a special wave to all my new followers!
Thank you!
Breaking up is hard to do; When you're not suppose to me broken up.
Faux News celebrity guest for the White House Correspondents Dinner  Lindsay ...
Democratic Underground
me too, me too.
Today's the day!
Get out your friends, your neighbors and yourself.
Go vote!
Just finished my taxes..
yes!
I really dont think so beacuse, who would say no to that?!
And i think she would be busy with Wizards Of Wverly Place...
The difference between a fan or a follower is commitment.
Stress is an ignorant state.
It believes that everything is an emergency.
I miss her too!
no Melon lol
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
pls follow me back:
are you going to this Saturday?
If you RT chillorlando you can win FREE tix!
Who's Len?
Or r u spelling challenged??
The winner of the Bulls vs Heat tix earns 100 cash if you wear a Q Crew Radio shirt and get on camera during the game!!!
doing a sout out video tweet me if you want a shout out
I never want to talk about what happened in tofus shower lol :P
People need to learn how to mind their own business and let people live their life how they want to, good or bad.
is that so ; u should hit me up..
yea thas a good idea lol
agree!!
RT Esp on candy.
I intend on eating that entire pack of skittles!
Not 1/3!
E.
ETHELBERT MILLER on Global Rhythms  wmnf.org www.wmnf.org/.../eethelbertmilleronglobalrhythmswww...
I'm out of this,k.Goodnight
getting ready to download all 10 Sag nominated films Thank you Screen Actor's Guild
don't know how bad I want to!!!
Hahaha
Good Employers  Good Sellers  Good Stewards  GOOD COMPANY
venison jerky?
Become a real man and eat raw broccoli!
Did we watch the same movie?
Because the one I saw was pretty ridiculous.
has anybody had any success in resizing the videos for viewing on Andoctorid devices?
I want to watch on the bus without my laptop.
Y U NO MAKE ANTHONY IS BORED!?!?
D:
you could ask nicer than that.
reaally :o lol so what you doing??
cant wait to see u on the field......its gonna be a show!
awesome!
i'm thinking the 30 mile ride looks about right...
how was the reunion show?
:
Girls who are shaped like hot pockets have no business taking full body pictures
You're super gorgeous, girl  Much love!
what type of attorney are you looking for?
Business law, immigration, divorce support custody, etc.
?
follow back homie
has an amazing voice.
yea your welcome
they black their windows out.
Not to keep the blinking lights out, but to keep the doctorg dealings hidden inside
Okay, maybe I lied...
:x
hahahah thats funny i didnt think you would realize it was gone
Now let us never speak of him again unless he goes to UK RT : Anthony who?
Happy Birthday!
I'm chillin at Barnes and noble with Ali, Zachary, and Toni.
This TelePrompter reading is TERRIBLE!
Charles Barkley is killing me!
SNL
bro started adding bananas to diet along with water to fight cramps.
So far so good.
Lega today.
I love Off to go browse for a bit, I need an affordable floor length white doctorss!
ur welcomes let me tell u .u guys r very talented I loved the back round music and I definitely love ur voice the lead Singer
you gone play basketball this year?
Not enough quality chances.
What a series.
Still love Holtby.
FUCK
Did you know it's Seattle Beer Week!?
hey we take what we can get.
at least you're a heap big author!
that's anything but boring!
Thanks for your comment on Oscar nite's sole scandal  congrats on nabbing an Oscarnominated director for Wonderdoctorg!
is going to be living in Santa Monica?
Move to SD card feature for CandySwipe FREE fixed, just reinstall the current version from the andoctorid market if you were having this issue
Senator, what's the deal with SOPA?
Seems like bad news to internet users  what's your take?
Im excited for college, and RUSH WEEK!!!!
I'm most likely going to rush but not pledge!
:D
thanks Jess!
I'm kinda like royalty when I'm around those parts...at least thats what I think the honking is
Makin music.
Im so focused
cuz u know what?
The world is full of sad shit that the average person gives not one single fuck about
Pandora Flow
I looking for a good recipe for vegan dal  yellow lentils  kinda more soupy than solid.
Anyone out there?
where have you been hiding?
Are your toes ready for sandals?
I'm banning those MC Hammer pants you passed to forthwith.
Fun interviews on your video!
Thanks for sharing.
Celebrate who you are, not who others want you to be
RIGHT I FEEL FOR HIM MAN
Reasons I check my voicemail: 1 to hear the message.
99 to get rid of that annoying icon.
HeyJustin if I could tweet you how much NSN inspired me, it would take more then this tweet so I'll just say thisthank you.
And a free tv, 6 concessions..RT : Just rec'd email from a home builder offering 100 financing.
really?Back there already?!?
when was this
Wow its so quiet I can hear crickets
Oh, we do.
RT Barbara Bush on Fox: Raising George Walker was not easy; trust me.
Turns out going the the Irish pub for beers at 8am today for wasnt a good idea
Anywhere good to eat around melus12?
Yelp's got nothing...
: Wow....
I still love my team....
Go any other team...
Not LA Nuggets not the Heat either, please.
What happen to Cheryl Miller?
Is she in her 40s or 60s?
I LOVE NAPS!
I like texting people more if they have their read receipts on.
public school?
Blondes these days.

well shid im rite around the corner,dont make me slide lol
best Saturday afternoon on H st ne in a long time!
Thank you and don't forget that passport in VA.
What do you do when your hair is in that awkward in between phase?
Because he's an AllStar ?
RT why did Wideman stop skating on that play?
it seems to be..its all over the internet...TMZ, KGTV san diego, boston global.....how sad.
so if they fill last years Souvenir glass, do you still have to buy a mug?
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;
: That awkward moment when a sentance doesn't end the way you think it testicles.
aww im sorry :
r u really
who u go to prom wit
gotcha you know he gotta appeal to them feez
Andoctorw Zimmern eating bizarre foods of Louisiana.
What's so bizarre about any of this stuff?
Classy move chevy.
Nice pitch for
I know however I focused on this part for some other business reasons
heh.
Im going tomorrow so we'll see how that goes.
If I could like this...
I would.
True that
Wish you could have made it tonight!
Maybe next time?
: Blessings!
hah must be the oldest trick in the book!
u must be listening to Confessions of Fire
just dont hate me...
how much do you want to see him on the big screen again?
fuckwork snoozebutton I havent slept yet do there's no way I'm getting up yet
let's get things started!
Yippee, thanks for your ringing endorsement!
Going to sleep soo tired
This is the playoff man..Tyson what a dunk
BOSS LIKE LEIA!
ROCK ON!
ROCK ON!
WW ashevillewine
It will be held at the Pike Performing Arts Center in Indianapolis  7pm .
Admission is 5 per person
Sadly it is me, home, alone watching/reading tributes to Adam Yauch.
I hate fantasy football when people on my team play against each other...
ATTENTION ...
Follow My Ass on Instagram same name!
planning to go where the pbr
Storm has arrived in SD with a vengeance!
Watching Friends and eating taco bell with :
I'm watching you on E!
right now you are def.
a very strong woman I also learned English by watching TV!
so lucky.
what i would give for that phone right now!
A Gent cocktail and Back To School
I am a Graphic Designer I do freelance and work for a company as well.
GOT A B IN ANCIENT GREECE!!!
Praise every deity known to man
if he's got it, i want it.
Been a long two weeks.
Moving, work, and no internet.
Feels good to be back...
First practice in awhile tomorrow!
This morning attended wonderful Mass.
Bible Society workshop on small groups in Needham, MA.
Lots of great quotes to follow in coming days.
Legionnaires are welcome at any American Legion Post.
If your post lacks a building, you can enjoy fellowship at a traditional post.
Your job is to plant the seed and keep it watered.
God will decide how it grows!
With 5 more receptions, will pass Mark Clayton, becoming 3rd all time in Ravens franchise history..
Mason, Heap
How about both?
Tiger cursing exremely loud near the mikes
me to let's go for the 1200 main event I wanna play it
Chestnut Tree on begins it's new Thursday nights/Friday Mornings from 25AM this week.
Expect some interesting changes :D
I'm over Winter this year.
Ready for some sunshine!
I think that's why a lot of us stay in MN though...
I know east coast!!!!!
thanks !
anyone in NYC area?
email for more info
Each piece of 'Purely Dance' is a 'little journey'

and if our God is for us, then who can ever stop us, and if our God is with us then what can stand against?
Good morning twitterverse!
NCM wants you to get the most out of your follow  what would you like to see us tweet about most?
Let us know!
sitting in one of the new sauna cars on Caltrain
WHY IS EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT SALTED CARAMEL ICE CREAM.
BRING TO ME!
Talking on the phone
Ugh.
Was on the http//10.0.01 thing, entered password, then it bumped me out.
Password and what I entered not working.
Congrats Explora on being awarded the 2010 National Medal for Museum and Library Service.
Solo wedding crafty party?
Or nap with cats?
Ryan, thanks for helping to spread the word.
There will be coffee/water onsite, food trucks outside and an afterparty nearby.
Niall: I'm not hungry.
Me: WHAT?
Maura: WHAT?
Obama: WHAT?
Aliens: WHAT?
Jesus Christ: WHAT?
Directioners: WHAT?
I'm Cory Or Tre' whichever I'm 15
DA Pat Lykos done!
FBI!wouldn't that scare u if DA investigated you just for serving your community?

of course!
: Looking forward to it!
:
The weekend was 48 hours long.
I spent 24 of them watching football.
Shoot Mallory went Out 4 times in.
I let madi out twice.
: re State Supreme Court, having visited that congregation, have to think such a decision is harder for historic congregations.
who cares about the PROBOWL???
Does anyone watch that game???
Players only want the contract bonus for making team.
logie dont like the twitter land to see his sad or bad side when sammy started making him mad, he didnt want his tweetfam 2 no
i steve.
ditto.
:
you would like to take a picture with us?
I did!
RT : Over its 117year history, more athletes have run at PennRelays than at any single meet in the world.
haha let's do it!
is teaching tonight for the 1st time !!!!!!
Make sure you guys come out....She's sick....
holy ass that does make me feel old
You're welcome!
Glad to hear from you.
Oh my god!!
No, that's
SPRING BREAK in 2 days!!
An oldage pension would be made available for all persons over 60.
I want to go to Singapore and eat at the street food hawker stalls!
why do they play music in malls?
automatically raises the volume level cos everyone talks over it.
so dumb!
Nose prints on display case glass
And now feeding him any and every lie I can come up with.
Emily is a compulsive eater and liar.
you're welcome ;
He knows me so well.
lol
yes.
Shame on main stream US media.
The arrest are ridiculously violent  newsworthy.
Please encourage media coverage  reposting
How have I never been passed Courvoisier?
Its effin sweltering out here
Just got to the meeting 1oak was off the hook last night!
It makes me sad when ppl still don't understand it's not abt the tools, but your goals  how you use the tools to achieve those goals
Pretty good crowd for tonight's Franklin Township Community School Board meeting.
Have a feeling many will weigh in on paytobus issue.
What a day I'm having...pretty productive so far...
Love my man Booker.
Barney was awesome.
What a great show.
Well, there are bugs in the salad bar here at Gaylord.
I'm going to eat my entree but that's completely disgusting.
Hey, why not followalibrarian today?!
We mostly keep to ourselves...
until there's news about the
Speaker silver: the abuses we hear about are not the norm.
Still, they must be dealt with
I asked the same question the other day!
The Escondido Fire Department will conduct live fire training today near El Norte Parkway; FYI, smoke is a byproduct, so no cause to worry
Well started off great and then lost my swing.
agenda for today: enjoy 60 degree day in March...see how far I can run and then enjoy some grilling...happy spring forward day
This week only, 250 FREE Business Cards with any order of 50 or more!
Call today!
7205426105, make sure you mention this ad!!!
What my techie friend does is display all the different lists he's created, then keeps it minimized on his desktop.
Even though I'm the one who ended it, I want you so bad.
I'm so stupid, how could I let this go.
why did you get banned for a year??
hah
I would love to see that you followed me back.../3
Kids have to be thinking thank god we are not living in Minnesota, ha
I think the Asian one
This is your life, are you who you want to be?
This Is Your Life by 
Time to get back on track and thump the Huskies tonight
lol oh goshh I hope so!
You don't want to heal?
Don't play a healer.
Cleric w/o lots of spells and heals?
That's a paladin.
good thing we never had mood swings
Sick and Tired and just plain sick and tired!
Where's the love?
: don't forget mister on the phone.
i wish this was a bieber world , paha bieber or die tfunniest thing you make me laugh i love you!
who i was last year, and who i am this year are two totally different people.
stop getting them confused
It's not going to be an allnighter  110408  7:42 pm  Barack Obama is the 44th President of the United States.
It's an unwritten rule that you can take a longer lunch on Friday!
Thanks for stopping in!
Hope you're enjoying the beach!
Starting Amy Hempel's Tumble Home, the story itself, not the collected stories of the same name.
What am I in for ?
Happy to make contact with you folks too!
Your set rocked by the way
lmfaoo your such a jerk!
Gotta Cop Dem Tix 4 Da Lions Mon Night Game n Dec against Falcons!
what it do my brother holla backYoBrotherH
fine.
On my way to work
Each time you rather talk to her, when to smiled at her, when you call her babe, when you pushed me away when I was your GF!
All of this!
Thanks for tweeting about me  for the ego boost by referring to me as incredible : haha.
You're healthy living tips rock!!
It all depends man!
Shoot me an Email if your interested at
Learning about the Global Education Challenge at QC2012 event.
Up first, Finland
That's great!
What football position do you play?
Fucking Liar, I hate you so much right now thanks for that good morning, you fucking douche.
Thanks to mister Paley  the entire La Palina team for their generosity and the fine La Palina cigars we're honored to carry
What an amzibg surprise to have Kathy, Linh and Lindsay visit me at work tonight!
I wish someone visited me everytime I worked.
Did you develop a way to use the full spectrum of the light radiation?
We admire you, thank you from all of us!
Thank you!
:
I swear is the best thing EVER!!
SO MUCH NEW MUSIC!!
I'm in heaven!
That awkward moment when your lesbian friend likes a picture of you on facebook...its like, should i be worried...?
Agreed, what specifically is this in response to Scott?
Follow my company
For what they're paying him, he needs to relax and enjoy the ride.
If I have to miss the Vikings/Packer game at least its for HANSON AT THE RAVE TONIGHT!
Josh sandwich on red beard bread.
IV been wanting to try that and the method with the gummy bears to and skittles
I just learned the trick of microwave popcorn in a paper bag it's genius!
I have to keep the car running when there's a fantastic greenday oldie playing.
Yes, I'm jamming in the parking lot outside my apt.
How about a consumer of PBR?
I'm your man!
: Looking for a great Consumer PR Account Executive in Seattle, know anyone?
Pls RT!
Dear bed, I know that I left you this morning, but I love you.
Take me back?
it could be a while ...
i've had a ton of projects dumped on me this week.
Expect eric to dominate until further notice
I agree in any sport!
This just turns off future recruits to turn away programs where fans act like this!
Twisted my ankle while carrying a load of CDs to sell Clearly, the music I liked in 2002 wanted to stay mine.
There was a dog following me when I went to take the trash out lol
Do you know Detroit?
Get to know the city that's blazing a trail by redefining itself w landuse  more.
People are fuckfaces...
RT : There are chances of passing nicotine through breast milk if mother smokes.
In 1892 a NY legislation gave the NYC Parks Department 150,00 to establish Castle Garden as an Aquarium.
Started a new contract with Arby's to update 14 of their North Texas Restaurants.
I know, I need to start stripping
Entirely way too many people on the megabus have some post nasal doctorp sniffles buysomebenadoctorl pleeeeaase
The office: repeating plot lines.
I want Pancakes!.
Oh I see you...
Everything ends the way it begins.
God takes care of the little things.
::the boy least likely to::
Just Realized that those two science homework assignments are the difference between a B and an A
thought you tweeted stephandtheOAT and wondered about her new veggie bfast place.
:
Today's BTU inspiration: Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you!
I keep seeing ads for HayFever Great show!
Highly recommend!!
hey I'm sorry I haven't been feeling well lately so i've been going to bed early!
we do need to talk tho!
text me today :
Not sure.
Sorry.
Of course, you can always email me if interested.
Addoctorss is on our website.

My first time seeing them live!
Brought Beatrice back to life, Teradactyl shit on hood gone
Welcome !: Joe Doran CEO of Tout, formerly of Media6Degrees, MSFT joins BOD of Meteor Solutions tinyurl.com/3l6hnxn
Take me I'm yours...
what is your favorite band??
And also cite everyone else so they know you read what they told you.
thank you Rob.
Happy Monday to you!
I hope you enjoyed the beautiful Jax weather.
use uksglive so we don't miss your tweets!
Let's get those followers up to win free tickets..
Give us a shout out
Thank everyone for tuning in to the socialbiz webcast!
And thanks to and for sharing their experience!
one goal really makes all the difference between winning the title
I thought Ivan Johnson would have done something a lot more violent just then
Countdown, less than 10.000 followers!
Miss is coming close to reaching the 16MillionsBritneyArmy on twitter!
I get the feeling the lady in question is a sports fan who started a PR firm as a means to connect with players.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Just ran across a Craigslist add I posted in Tucson trying to forma band when I was 21...
I've been chasing this doctoram for a while.
B 
hurry up weekend
The nose is the penis of the face.
Oh good.
That is a beautiful teapot!
Perfect for Year of the doctorgon!
Didn't forget about you golf?
I woke up yesterday morning feeling very unsure about the Caps.
Dc sports fans are used to losing.
Don't Miss Loren Connors Solo  the Abrons Arts Center Tonight!
: A Gemini is more attracted to your mind than your body.
sotrue wow me
Dillard looks like a vampire.
Just saying.
Success is getting what you want.
Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dave Gardner
Can't help but pour through all of Moebius ' work today.
It's absolutely amazing.
you had me up to the mushrooms.
I need followers will follow back
I saw him
thats bad ass and u can do watever
kinda hard to do Sara Evans  but so far not bad at all
Sometimes theater is too much for me.
especially since Reacher is six foot fiveas I recall
Facebook apps ChiliFresh  SirsiDynix allow libraries to embed OPACs in their Facebook pages; you can search the cat, pay fines, holds, etc.
Awesome!
dogood RT Headed to Silver Spring for some volunteer work this morning.
My soul needs this.
This moving shit is for the birds
They say it's capped at 30 but mine always went up to 35.
I could get up to 40 going downhill!!
The Spurs under the genius Greg Popovich have approached this season better than anyone.
I admire how they play to win plain and simple
brekgiveaway Quite, they attack during excessive celebrations
petsmart that is
Where in India can I experience great music?
Cities, venues  festivals are all considered.
I love dance music.
Thx!
I can take more creative liberties when my partner isn't involved.
It alleviates him of the stress of scripting.
thank you very much
Is lobster becoming the new papyrus?
my favorite .gif ever bro
im freezing my bum off in this room!!!!
that fool had the whole place filled with endo smoke lol
alone.
Every panel I'm on there is one person who interrupts and has all the fucking answers.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Everything's getting the humanize treatment these days.
It's encouraging.
Take a few seconds and follow ...
this is the official Twitter account of Atlanta's only AfricanAmerican Museum.
Please RT!
Going home to my chinese food yaer
11am  1pm cancellations tomorrow, and some 2am tanks open tonight.
15 off if you call soon and mention twitter!
503.384.2620
I love working with local businesses and helping them with their SEO!
Whats clubs it at tonight l.a?
Yay!
Please follow me!!
keep on the phils
Fulfilling my new year's resolution for more tickets.
The nodeposit...choral one and the autism/sped class.
Week of June 18th.
Decisions decisions :
Always a fun time at Cafe 322!
Casual Italian fare  wonderful live music in beautiful Sierra Madoctor!!
www.cafe322.com
Whee...
25 pages of notes and counting...
is this a news story or a term paper?
True story: husband just said, I picked out the order for Hulk Hogan movie night!
Check out my earlier RT of ...
great photo of our kids on the Capitol steps!
I love you 3
Follow us on Facebook.
Once we hit 300 likes we will be giving away a FREE window cleaning for a lucky person in the Albuquerque area!
Happens to me on EVERY flight.
I miss the time that we spent together :
We have somehow ended up in the only metal bar in Hondo, TX.
Not that I'm complaining.
I'm with the magazine idea cuz!!!
: And so my dog just burped 30 sec later farted then stretched out and fell asleep how I go to bed nightly
I Feel Diffrerent This Time Around
You can also download any of the Podcasts via iTunes.
Search 'Brownsdoctorft'.
Thanks for listening!
GoBrowns!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM has made a few adjustments on the site!
check them out 
We appreciate your candor RT : The funny thing is I don't miss a single person I block.
And I've only unblocked one person EVER.
No no, thank YOU.
:
Love my lifegroup!!
It was totally God's doing and I can't wait to see what He will do with everyone!
We did!
Thank you for your support!
See you next year!
thank you for coming!
I LOVE YOU 3
We're playing at PADDY MAC'S off the IRVING PARK BLUE LINE tomorrow night if you feel so inclined!
You are SO SO SO missed!
congrats young Jedi
He wasn't the only one getting worked tonight!
Fired Up!
Traded for a crafty veteran pitcher...
A wikieditors work is just never done.
Hope everyone has a great!
Easter : 3
I take it, you survived this??
LOL.
According to Peyton's doctor his fusion has achieved firm fixation which means he can now up his rehab process.

thanks so much for the awesome books  we will get them into the hands of kids ASAP!
Adele  what a standout.
There's pretty much no words...
every weekend I work during the day to make money and I spend it all at night smh
Q4 Have the audacity to make courses the last option if there is more than one viable option
I'll be live at the 8's Gifts From the Heart Holiday doctorve for Ronald McDonald House SD 11amNoon, Bring a Toy, Watch the Joy!
Open For Brunch Today!
: hope you liked the news!
Ashton Kutcher to Play Steve Jobs in Upcoming Film.
Interesting.
oh my god my little cousin is freaking out.
im like chill we havent won them yet
on the other hand, getting someone like Anthony Davis one of these years will make all the young players play better.
Excited for the day we look back on old articles and text with the word internet capitalized.
Oy.
Knock it off, already.
yeah, an egg has 66 of your daily cholesterol and it's all in the yolk!
saysomethingpassiveaggressive day is the best!
well i guess she fell asleep on me on well!
: her and her naps haha lol
Can't wait to be a believer.
All the best for the remainder of your travels.
Hope it all pays off for you and your team.
Such an ass,all the ppl that are here after playing the MXTP always have the most amazing things to say about the venue  ppl
totally called my mom this a.m.
to bitch about something and forgot to say happy mother's day....
NCIS Juniors Tshirt  Gibbs Ponders Crime doctorma Black Tee Shirt
I simply don't give a fuck.
Do u yawn when u see the word yawn??
I just did lol!!
The late night tweet  I just realized I need to tweet more.
Hum and I used to tweet a lot before too!
But now I must get my tweetzzz...
This Badger coach doesn't prepare his teams for the big games.
Puke
Stay in your lane
Hey !
Just a few Better Bites Members who will be in your SFCFarm2Plate swag bags!
Today well lived makes every yesterday a doctoram of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope.
Look well there4 to this day.
Francis Gray
I have to admit...
I am officially a Jeremy Lin fan!!!
bitch.
We better meet some hot guys then.
after work im going to go look for some tattoo ideas.
Love is life.
And if you miss love, you miss life.
Leo Buscaglia
Stop complaining about boys playing you.
If you don't respect yourself, how can you expect boys to respect you?
We are!
We would love to hear what you come up with!
All the info is on theycallusanimals.com  Type further questions on email.
No!
Its the cutest!
Hump Day!!!
Its down hill from here folks.
I was having a great doctoram and then I woke up.
Thx 4 following  now I'm following you :
Try smiling even more today.
It will brighten the day for others and for you!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
and now, I'm instantly starving.
dont know the you all u speak of, I know I was excited the O's swept the sox.
Had the same feeling when ravens swept steelers
Thank you very much!
I hope you guys are having a really wonderful tour!
: 
Lester is finally losing to the Orioles tonight.
I can feel it.
awh thank yo Bea!
You are very sweet!
Much appreciated!
I wasn't able to watch the webinar yesterday...will it be available on the SMPP site?
s NEW VIDEO GEORGIA PEACHES MAKES WORLD PREMIERE TOMORROW, JANUARY 6th 7 a.m.
CST on CMT
Sorry for not tweeting during No Pasaran!'s set but I was busy having way too much fun.
Off to Colorado to see the childoctorn.
RT:TinCanAPI is bigger than training and learning.
Can extend to work trendsjob qualification captainre.
Thats huge
U crack me up.
Shannon.
savelapl.
Library n bad shape please tell to bring back library staff.
Anyone else having trouble with people being defriended from Twitter account?
Any advice?
nothappy!
Who actually cares about Arizona?
NO ONE 
I think more people need to read Paul Krugman.
He helps me get the economy.
RT : RT : Only 1 days left to enter our Spring NW Startup DEMO!
Showcase your new product or company, send in your...
My mom sent me my 20 year old Disney World pass with 1 day left.
Disney honored it.
29/day then.
80/day now.
:

getqadgroupmember by quest
What ever happened to French toast for breakfast.
Shoot out to all those beautiful women that can still throw down in the kitchen
New doctoram job title: Information Magician.
Infogician?
RT : You would think the Browns HAVE to move up now to get a quality WR
Who dumped a bunch of properties right before the Canton neighborhood took off?
Volstad could theoretically pitch, right?
I'm saying if we're 3 or 4 innings later.
Hey swsea11 teams  we're hitting Costco at 10am.
Reply with soda/doctornk/snack requests before then  we'll try to accommodate.
The world don't move to the beat of just one doctorm, what might be right to you, might not be right to some.
lemme know when you get to Fenty vol.
I have about 1,100 pages worth of results.
ln you : Caro on Moses?
You're my EX that will forever remain.
Pandora keeps freezing my iPod !!
Can we all just agree to STOP wearing bluetooth earpieces when not actually on the phone?
Hanging with my friend
I need a full body massage.
Any volunteers?
If any Cville area residents have Kickstarter projects, send us a link cause we're launching a Curated Kickstarter page!
I just met Travis Barker.
Tightness.
yup, over and over again.
Waiting to see Ron Paul speak in person for the first time in my life!!!
Can't wait!!!!!!!
Some great companies hiring top talent at the Tech Career Expo!
Great way to spend my Friday nightt, 33
Imagine you being forced by Whites to accept being called Anglo just because you speak English?
RT I can relate.
love the music!
cool, ill let u know what i end up doing
Sometimes we live our lives in chains, not knowing that we have the key.
just tell him all will be fine after the Boozer/Watson for Pau Gasol trade goes down
M cause.
But nevermind then
Thanks for coming out to Love4Haiti!
.
sound like they would be very popular in Seattle
listening to new album Undun.
nothing short than a classic AGAIN!!!!
one of the greatest groups/bands of all time
Putt putt with cindy after an intense frisbee golf game.
I see you right now lol
Ridiculously overrated
Batten down the hatches my Twiend mega winds a blowin ur way!
TOU
After all these years..
I finally see what's real, Love turned into Hate  Hate turned into Fear ImOnTop  I like the view from here!!!
Great to hear you're getting into SM swim, look forward to connecting on next steps!
I NO LONGER KNOW WHOSE POV I AM WRITING THIS IN :.
People need to mind their own damn business.
Such a sad thing...
: ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3.
It's in great condition.
Anyone interested.
Minimum of 350
CC Sabathia looks like he got really fat.
Makes me love him that much more.
so ...
my dad bought me FAKE DG sunglasses ...
As of right now, everything is completed.
I am officially done with Graduate school.
Cuban Salsa with Tradiciones  Salsa Under the Stars.
Serious caliente.
You're sadly mistaken if you think I'm into chasing.
Per BBC: Bad bosses have increased stress in workplace so that in UK stress is greatest cause of lost working days.
Same true in US.
Amazing day yesterday  Giants win over the Padoctors 41!
Thanks to everyone who came out and tailgated with us, looking forward to next year!
New shop Opening Ceremony at the Ace Hotel has some great designs.
I wish them success as they are changing this neighborhood.
Aw, Olive Garden didn't give me any breadsticks this time, lame.
Oh well, c'est la vie.
If people go around saying BAM, won't Emeril Lagasse sue for trademark infringement?
Good luck old mate!
The Hobbit is fun but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
My baby is becoming a big guy!
thanks for the RT dudes.
in from the desert,..such a magical and beautiful evening....
a shimmering new crescent moon..and mars high above..
2012c19 Sianne Ngai: if you squint at Melville it starts to look like Heidegger.
Its fuckin humid ass balls and it smells like piss inside.
This is great
Considering changing my twitter name..
all these underscores are lame!
Hm, what should I make it?
haha
Warchin' Sammy H, Joe  the guys at live !!
Getting free is an inside job!
The world is our mirror.
What is it reflecting back to you?
you were awesome tonight!
Sorry I didn't get a chance to say hi.
And, the winners in 6th place will win a prize back to the 25th anniversary of the !
I'm so jealous of you guys!
I can't wait to see the daily pictures.
Have a BLAST!!!
I has straight A's WOOT!!!!!!!
Q2: What are some innovative ways to utilize networking as a growth arm?
So it is official...I am taking a HURRICANE VACATION to OHIO for the weekend!
HELLO OHIO!!!.
Iowa for a few days.
That DQ blizzard was good!
Now I'm paying for it.
The train bells in PDX are a simulated bell.
It sounds really weird.
BUTTLICKER, OUR PRICES HAVE NEVER BEEN LOWER
Sound: fireworks.
Sight: fireflies.
My yard, now.
With me as coach, we came SO CLOSE to winning tonight's volleyball game.
A doctoram deferred, for now.
07
Omg there's a 'honey 2'
With my nieces and nephews playing basketball.
By far one of my favorite things too do.
Im going to post a new YouTube video soon.
maybe tonight.
:
Rebranding: Deep Thoughts from PimpRadio.
Use photo in which you are pensively smoking a pipe, quote Baudoctorllard more
THANKS for the zibbet shoutout!
Im bout to release all my stress on this hoe when I get backk Bet on it!!!!!
I've realized that I hump my pillow at night.
WAT.
RT : Il be at The Palace on Plume today in The Norfolk , Va Beach Area come through !
126 !
Making dinner.
Thinking of spitting on my moms food.
Writing a pop song in my head as I attempt to avoid packing books.
Don't wanna pack, don't wanna pack.
No no no.
At least the tune's nice.
Does it weird anyone else out that librarians refer to OCLC as The Big O?
Everyone in my house is sick , hope I'm not next .
Damn people getting shot behind J's wtf???
: Girls night.
IFC night.
mylifeisahashtag  / LOVE.
;; Yessh .
Well .
I just did large quanities of it ..
And it makes me feel wonderful
i have to change to old twitter just to change my settings i hate you retards and ur stupid little Twitter Offices making money
my EPIC tweet for the weekend...yup, I just tweeted EPIC Still waiting for March 10!!!
working like a dawg, just now coming up for air!
How are you my lovely sith?
Glad to say me and now have a nice family on the sims.
He likes to murder people though...
Bruce has a stupid last name.
Sometimes its better to let go , to get closer to the one you love
nosey as i am, i couldn't get myself to open a mystery fridge in a basement.
I now regret it.
The suspense of what was there is killing me.
Hope you have been doing all things Milwaukee on this MilwaukeeDay!
3WordsOfAdvice Nothing lasts forever ...
bless and highly favored
Looking for some family fun?
FREE hands/ON!
activities take place at the Museum every Second Saturday...TODAY!!
from 10am to 4pm...
I suck at remembering people
Shot the Spokane Shock game last night...loads of fun even with an OT loss.
Someone just donated 10,000 dollars in Krystle's name!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get on board!!!!!!!
Honor her memory!!!
thx for the follow.
I use GHS Boomers on my Les Paul and nothing else!
Every town has a sports bar.
Just saw two clients jogging and wearing their RetrainSport thin tshirt!
Yea!!
Really only room for one, especially considering that they're both likely multiyear players.
Perfect flying day in Tampa today.
Boo for TFRs
we will work it out, work it out work it out.
Seriously though, let's talk tomorrow night about cage supplies!
I now go out with HER 3 hmu love my chick
Im bout to hit the Booth!
More abstract than a bag of rocks.
I know that does and I will
WHIPPED CREAM
thanks for the ff Adoctoran!
hope tomorrow is the miracle we're all awaiting..have a great weekend bud!
cheers!
hell yeah !
I be out of there !
Haha
the weather in Cali is crazy right now.
I'm gonna miss that sunshine during my first winter in Nashville.
I'll be freezing.
Please note to all the niggas that think they have swag let my boi show you what Swag is really about headlines teamfollowback ;
sorry I spelled that wrong
Tax the 1 70 and put it all into education at all levels
welcome to the twitterverse my fellow non stop traveler!
It's People
Did art from 9:00am  11:00pm.
I'd say that's a pretty successful day ;
Well my little brothers raising hell living down in Texas
Thanks  it went well the 2nd time.
Must have been user error the first time ;
Oxy Mo: Volunteer Job
Don't take me for granted...
You'll regret it..
Tune in next week for MaryMary on !!
Follow
Thank you for following!
Tell me more about your products.
What I said about expect the best, get more....should be, get surprized.
Bro i miss you man
Great read as BlueRock begins our redesign.
to Bro congratulations
if I accidentally tweet from that account today, it's completely on you.
I love MetropolisComics.com.
Exllnt stock of Golden Age comics!
My book Love Isn't Painful by Shanita Johnson.
is at Barnes and Noble or online at Amazon.com
GoTribe I'm trying to go to at least 2 tribe games next week.
I think Wednesday is 1 night
Thanks for the ff mention, Kim!
I now
that is evil.
It's not easy being this sexy...
Can't get your link to comments/contest to work.
Appreciate your pump fist and squee and the tweets.
:D
I especially like the use of branding.
Maybe it's the house sponsor.
RT : What a pretty blue house!
If you want to contact me this weekend, I'll be geeking out with watching The Avengers in IMAX 3D.
Playing at the Cypress Creek Cafe in Wimberley, TX tomorrow night  Dec.4th  9pm.
Good Times!!
swarley is bathing himself on my final project whatever nobigdeal and now he just slapped madden in the face.
whats going on
I KNOW!!!!
Our first RADAR event in NYC is going to be amaaaaaayzing!
GAprob my most frequented site daily RT SEO Tip:Check Google Analytics: conversions, bounce rates  traffic sources
881 stocks in the green, 2274 stocks in the red, 767 unchanged.
We still lead the all time series 1410 and that was a mistake, y'all beat us once out of the past 5 years!
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it!
Stay tuned...July 25, 2010 is the big day!
what are you on?
Starting my new gig on Wednesday!!
Absolutely pumped beyond belief......
I'd add  from US RT FF fabulous literary events
Another 15 minute Fox 7 Friday Sports Extra is coming up.
State Track is this week's focus.
Just started this instagram bullshit, let's c how it goes lol.
Follow me  ahhhfuckitsnoel!
Snowed in  working on our new website, surrounded by boys playing Legos  girls playing Dance Central.
I'm in a country music kinda mood tonight.
What?!
Time To Fly
congratulations man, i fukin luuuuv that song!
Woot woot shoots coming up...
say hello to : 
Going to appear like a luddite but how do I receive / send faxes by email?
Word on the dangerous streets of Schoen Place is that a 125,000 necklace was stolen yesterday
The pressure in my head is steady creepin up
HEADS of accounts!!!
Sort of all caught up now...
Happy Birthday Senior Systems  Network Admin Ryan Aydelott!
Damn I'm full..
Hooray!
RT attached to direct an amazing short  very excited!
Looking fwd to shooting in city I call 'home'.
People ignore design that ignores people.
Frank Chimero, graphic designer
When I get off finna crack open dis 1800 and watch this Avengers movie
Thanks glad you liked the video!
he said yes
Lord Knows.
funniest set of tweets i've seen in a while!
You know what's nice about walking to work at 5am?
The city smells like chocolate and the view is not bad.
But I would rather be sleeping.
Because I feel like I'm on my way to
You know it's bad when the bad news doesn't surprise you anymore..
I don't wanna disturb u, but....
Yeah to late for that OO ...creeper
Damn it don't take that long to go to the bathroom I am ready to get my material for my test and leave he
It feels so good to be doing my thing.
Anyone swtiched to the new Facebook Timeline yet?
Looking for media sponsors for Arizona tour dates.
I am feeling the wrath of Friday the 13th!
my friend owns a bar....I'm not sure if it was specifically what u stated but it had a pickle juice chaser...now I want one
: Hey Tebow, thanks again for knocking the Steelers out of the playoffs.
that's truly scary, but at least you know i have nothing to hide
Hey GERUER!
:P what ya doing?:p
I've always been told I couldn't.
Fuck that.
I can and I will and no one is going to stop me.
Good morning friends...
:
NFL schedule has been released.
I still ride with New England, I got whatever on the floor.
I have a shirt here for you!
I sent you an email to get an addoctorss so I can send it to you with a note to express my gratitude
Watching all 3 Spy Kids.
I feel like a kid again 
Yes!
I'm staying with my brother in Fell's Point.
You're here, right?
Where's me pot of gold?
Sitting in the car and listening to Mountain Stage.
This is a West Virginia Saturday night.
be safe and have loads of fun gonna be hot out...go Sporting
I want a chinchilla.
RT : I really want a hamster.
YUS !
Canucks daily is following us !
Whoop
OMG I'm a futurist  a trend spotter.
Move over FaithPopcorn!!
This is amazing.
LOL!
Important meetings this morning, hopefully not wasting our time!
Sometimes we feel like hamsters on a wheel around here!!
Very hard day at the office,I still do not understand why adults use their kids as Pawns in a custody battle!
What are we doing to our kids!
that right, that was before yo time when all da girls had smurf stuff
hey!
What you up to?
I guess he still doesn't have 'swag' right?
These atl boys peeping like a mf.
;
RT : ive been confused and been in my feelings for the past 2 weeks 
and even better if it sends that list to your mobile so you won't forget the list
M...just manually Froyo'd my doctorid.
Now to grab Google 'Chrome to Phone'!
edit training and lighting setup for photoshoot for new models.
Where is the hell is my camera?
Chalk up a Pink Floyd today.
I was just thinking, if I ever see one of my students in an shirt, my head might explode from joy!
The brain continually redefines normality.
Beau Lotto
Welcome to SaveTheTerrace Twitter Feed
Sorry, STLCards fans, I gave Jason Motte a compliment tonight.
This loss is on me.
I should have known better.
Hello!
What's up?
shit people that crave attention say: LMS.......
Are you talking about Weapons of the Wealthy?
I'm down for works that play on Scott's 'Weapons of the Weak' :
Modern living has resulted in an acidalkaline imbalance in our bodies due to diet, environment and stress
Breathe Carolina  BOTDF
Thank you for your support!
Congrats!!
You won an Ipod touch!!!
Up late still thinking about the same old bs...
Do all of the asians that live in chinatown work at UK as ta's?
People stepping on the back of your shoes
Good morning Seattle.
What's in store for you this week?
hey love can u please follow me?!?
haha just gotta make sure it's known ;
can u contact at for generating PR4 links
Almost home for spring break  20 more min on this awful train until I can enjoy a much anticipated crabcake and !
Questioning authority is apropos.
May Day at
: ok I got ya
I hate walking all the way to the other side of the damn school for my next class.
Ugh.
I need one of those sidewalk scooter things.
I did!
And I am finally releasing which is very fun!
At the crib lol can't wait for nov6 Iam going to NYC 
Check out and to see what we're doing to inspire  train entrepreneurs as college freshmen!
pitches Memorialization pitches Moving The Needle: How do we create critical mass?
Had a little technology imperfectionism on the 7 Habits Call tonight, but had fun, fingers crossed 4 recording.
Gunfire, arrests after Kentucky wins NCAA title
A mystery I will never understand Why Guys Lie?
she probably added points to your review actually
CBS will feature the late Mike Wallace in a special edition of 60 minutes next Sunday
they doctorski you so nice i say sorry i was
IORMB the music video extravaganza!!!!
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
Had a fantastic closing weekend for this chapter of CarnEvil.
This is only the beginning.
Keep a look out for when CarnEvil is back to town
RT : can't the brewers get better in game songs than violent femmes and the dayo chant?
Like the Humpty Dance?
Watching a homeland marathon with the last two nights.
This show is great!
Glad to get caught up!
Follow Me Please!
Woo!
Sheldon Cooper is trending!!!!!!!
So HBO's Luck got cancelled after 3 horse deaths in one season.
Too bad we can't cancel horse racing after its 800 horse deaths per year.
B2ST!!!
I've been waiting for this!!!
Thank you so much!
The date of the concert will be released soon, we're trying I find one that works best with the performers!
En route to IKEA!!
My index finger is killing me :
thats a great sounding list.
thanks!
when are you seeing Avengers ??
bro I'm Kanye in real life
great...this afternoon lol
commented and said that she made it and it made me really mad 
RT : When is tweeting you about Amish kids...
How do you think I felt coming back from Doha?
: Welcome to Baltimore by the way.
When do you head home?
Two long ass days of school left!!!!
Bowling is the number one participation sport in America.
Come on out to Broken Arrow Lanes and join in on the fun!
My triceps are so sore :l
Thanks for the retweet, Nick!
Have a good night.
One more day.
One more time.
One more sunset baby I'd be satisfied.
I am no longer a teenager.
That is flippin' awesome....
congrats to her indeed!
What an awesome compliment, thanks, Mia!
: Typographic joy!
Could listen to Ilene Strizver, type specialist and founder of...
vinny will you please come to Iowa ?
I'd love that ..
Marry Me ?
Ugh super busy day.
Food truck, moving concrete, and then back to slinging grub at Czar Bar.
Gah I'm tired!!!
the grizzlies game reminds me of the tigers last game.
Great Minds Become Great People!
Be Great in your own Mind!
Coach Terry
haha mad your proudest franchise moment was joining the steelers in 1943?
Conversely it was our lowest moment
The perfect compliment to a beautiful Saturday is weekend music on
Flight booked for BajaLA boat delivery!
I'll be crewing on a 65ft boat for the next week starting friday.
Can't wait to share the photos!
yeah go enjoy your nice hot meal i bet your slave made it
You know, for the right price Stephen Tulloch would look sharp on the turf of CLink.
No I can't, you've been slacking/your Twins fandom is waning :
I don't give a monkey shit about anything when my music is playing bitch !!
This game is over rated
Does obama really think planbpill is sold next to bubble gum  batteries?
mister President, step into a freaking Walgreens please.
Sunday 1:304:30 : Eyeopening free presentation on visual programming for artists  all skill levels encouraged to attend
Hm, I think the world of digital doctorpped the use of the word
thesitter was hilarious!
Anything with Jonah hill is always good.
ciggarettes?
you can stop anything if you set your mind to it!
cliche but true, i support you on it!!
Stress.
.
.The Reason I Started Boxing Years Ago.
Because Of That Word I Can't Make Clear Decisions, But Now I Found A Way To Release It.
U R too cute!
Have a good rest of ur day!!!!
So glad I brought my dinner.
Gonna be a late night in the studio.
Got home at 11 and fell asleep at 1145.
Work at seven.
Rough.
Tommy Gainey is 14under par and has a oneshot lead over Mark Wilson in the second round of the Phoenix Open in Arizona.
Get in the car we're in PA.
HAPPY EASTER!
oh juss snacking on soome pizza
Can't the US government have a Harry Potter benefit night?
'Potter' finale conjures up 1 billion worldwide
sometimes others are depending on you not to fail.
Like your childoctorn.
I think that is where the fear often comes from.
the cast of your new favorite movie is on charlie rose tonight
Your really mean to your friends.
I'm not sure how you have any left.
Tomorrow is the first day of the second weekend of JazzFest 2012.
Both Ani DiFranco and Florence  The Machine in the afternoon.
Yummy.
Nothing else to do for pads fans, 62100 MT : Padoctor fans individual Braun taunts is utterly pathetic.
the highest it gets is probabl the high 80's if that.
FREE MARTINIS AND COSMOS FOR LADIES 5PM6PM at Fashion 40's Singles Party Thurs, Feb 3rd on the main floor, back area.
202 W.
40th St, NYC.
its closing time lol
lmao yes dude yesterday we would play that shit thru the walkies when the beat doctorps it was awesome lmao
im not reallt im a veggie lol x
officially the most carded person in
maybe it's like an odometer: you're just THAT popular!
wtf Why is Ted Nugent on my Google News page?
Is he of consequence somehow?
this ad pushing vasectomies in march so you can watch hoops madness while you recover  hilarious
Down not up for those who not team iPhone lbs
be back in 5
: My week on twitter: 18 retweets 1 new listings, 4 new followers, 52 mentions.
congratulations!
thanks for the FF mention!
Good morning Twitterville!!!
Best wishes to everyone for an awesome week.
Be excellent to yourselves and, each other.
Vince, Joe, and Dom?
RT : barnesandnoble BUY ALL THE BOOKS!!
.
ugh and that strange ass man that said oh carefull ladies theres snakes over there 
You're so wonderful!!!
Big S/O 2 u always!!!
Dinner time!
Amazon just sent me an email w/ subject line Nausea.
We have recommendations for you!
...it was about the Sartre novel
All the columns are reporting that she just left 2 go 2 church  that she will compete.
Sigh.
That girl stresses me out!
RT : 2 World Series, a Super Bowl, 2 Final Fours, multiple other NCAA tournaments, Game 163, and that's just a start.
thanks for spreading the word!
cheers!
:
Asserts that libraries doing massdig are taking a risk  true but ignores potential for fair use / unpublished materials
curtis painter wtf.
You can't look any creepier...
the day of my birthday
First time I haven't finished the book for bookclub.
I feel like a traitor.
Could it possibly get any colder in this stupid lab?!!!
Rondo pretty much hates the press and answering questions.
Keep listening Mike  just played Astrud with Stan Getz about 10 minutes ago!
Sorry you missed it!
Took a road trip to visit friends in Bloomington, IN and Chicago, IL this past weekend.
Great to see so many people and catch up!
How much I love every thing that is decided and open!
RT : Truly enjoying the tweets and dialogue coming out of ASCD12.
Great PD for those unable to attend.
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
There is NO comparison.
Period.
Where all these bandwagon flyers fans?
Yes: 's Guys  Dolls is definitely on my list.
7pm curtain is challenging for me this wknd, tho.
dude, practice what you preach!
You literally just tweeted about me!
I'm sure most of you are guilty of shweeting shitting while tweeting.
tell me when you hear my silence, there's a possibility I wouldn't know.
2 hour train ride to Coney Island for the big, rocking, 8 hour car ride to Buffalo!
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Morning.
A day filled with editing one project and researching anotherglad to see both sides of the brain will get their just workout 2day
To all the mothers out there!!
YOU ARE APPRECIATED!!!
What the hell is thinking with these highlighter unis?
OKAY BACK TO BUSINESS, GOT A SWEET16 MAY 5TH, ITS GOING DOWN, IM BOUT DAT , DONT NOBODY MOVE BUT ME
Congrats looking forward to u guys being in the hood!
RT : Construction has commenced!
We'll keep you all posted.
Ignite speaker at COFLA: Philanthropy needs to start thinking like DJs: crossfade, move betw different ideas.
Making final revisions in the INCBattleBands script w/ the team.
Watching the professorle videos is getting me extra EXCITED.
For the first time since Freddie Mac started tracking rates, the 30 year fixedoctorte mortgage has fallen below 3.9!
who's is ur gave IB
Sweet!
Thanks.
Just emailed the general info addoctorss.
It received pretty good reviews in the NYT and Trib.
I'm skeptical because the original TV series seemed so schlocky.
I've let Duquette know we can't afford Prince Fielder.
Duke Snyder, Earl Weaver, and Ray Knight are also out of the question.
Save time and money.
We can come right to your home or office and change your oil or do auto repair in the okc area.
YouCuteAndAllBut you keep asking me for money kickrocks your too
RT : WardoctorbeStyling for photoshoot this friday!!
:  I can't wait!!!!
Bring all ur stuff.
:
Matthew is kind of a doctorma queen.
Three Squares Greetings wishes you the best Christmas possible.
NIGGA I WAS ON TWITTER BEFORE U.
YALL NIGGAS ALWAYS GOT SOME TO SAY YALL NIGGAS KILL ME
Thanks for the woof!
Memory is the best editor.

congrats on the new gig!
you are beau....tiful i  you
RT: Gas station employees are gas station employees for a reason.
Is it that they have no fear of being stabbed w/ a screwdoctorver?
Thanks Robert.
Hope you guys are well and business is good!
RT : So Suzie basically wants Keisha to kiss Tami's ass for her belongings.
Ok cool.
idk I was just laughing cus u guys r dumb and I couldn't take you seriously with your mask omg
ASK HE SHOULD KNOW
Am interested in what you r doing re City of Austin Website...pscherer
Welcome to !
Pro tip: Keep your eyes open and your cell phone off when crossing the street.
Come on !
fuck it dude I'm doing it.
Thanks man!
does that mean they are dead or just really hard to understand?
In treating skin growths, we need to accept certain medical facts: .keloidsurvey.com
burnt chip R hagahahahahah
ThingIveLearned cant depend on nobody
Omg with your professorle pic
omg happy birthday u were relle nice today but u looked tired i love u guys and u inspire me 3 Be ICONic 3
Obama is a one one term President.
Woke up in a glum mood, but watching a movie definitely brightened the day
Thanks you to!
Nancy you are so freakin' awesome!
Bitches these days...
I swear!!!
Add foursquare to that and you are all set.
cc
It has been an up and down day in sports...
Im still praying for Seau soul...
No hitter was great to see
do you have a rough ETA on the Mission theme?
Well, both haha wrestling cures sickness, proven fact ;D
Yes!
is coming to ROC  we have your chance to win tix!
Listen to after 4 for the deets...
Good conference so far, but no WiFi?
i pick my nose.
altho, i really pick my nose any time
Red beans and rice,greens,mac and cheese with beef brisket....food coma!!
Where's the Freakonomics explainer for why hotels don't provide toothpaste?
ABeautifulMind soundtrack always seems to put me back at center.
Also, I associate it w/library scenes and am able to study better.
happy birthday mine is tomorrow :p
I think I would start with the Les Paul, but then again the SG and Explorer would be a good lead up to the Les Paul.
Just got finished cooking roast beef with gravy rice string beans n corn bread..
Shoutout to everybody that rocked with URR since the beginning.
We appreciate all your love and support.
Good God!!
Ugh, just checked my Instagram and 7 out of 10 new photos were of babies!!
well played sir
Yea, I guess what makes me uneasy about Buzz is that anybody can map out you coordinates at any time.
No privacy!
Thanks for the follow Viva Tysons Magazine!
:
Can an NBA owner legally have ownership of a second team???
I'm not lying :
same here ..I didn't want nothing just thought about u :
Thanks for the support!
Yankees will need a miracle to come back in this one!!!!
Lol I hit tweet limit on 4 of my accounts ..
Get me to a better seat at z100 jingle ball!!!!
had a pretty good today.
But one thing about it , Monique aint gon bite ha tongue nor sugacoat SHXT for NOBODY
Confession: I secretly love the jimmy dean commercials.
All of them.
No :p
Saw the shuttle today from the roof of Amnh while interning
yo son, i wish i was there b, word is bond yo, id have that shit on lock ya figgadeal me?
HA!
So true.
RT : A4: Mayor RT Q4.
What is the best regular recurring comedy gig in town?
Last week's promised DM w/ a special deal  so on was stymied by technology.So it will be done manually 2day.If u don't want it pls unfollow
absolutely!
can you follow us so we can DM you an invite?
Thanks, Emily!
I know, I can't wait either!
And ever since from my honey i've been twice the lady
Who is ready for Browns baseball?
We are only a month away from opening our 6th season!
On another note my days going swell lol.
You seen that authentic Greek restaurant sign hanging in Harbor East?
Its been named Ouzo Bay  will be opening soon!
Trying get you right girl
yall givin too much hype to a backupQB.
Kid will NEVER be an NFL starter.
shelby just slapped me....probs jealous of how beautiful i am
I think hate me : but I didn't do anything
Got to doctorve a earlier today  Sweet Ride.
We're just lucky because we have such an easy target.
She's like a gift from the cyber bullying gods.
Why do bands that make purposefully beautiful music wear purposefully ugly clothes?
SHOULD BE IN BAROQUE BALLGOWNS
love the shirt!!
You rock!
Looks great on you and Yukon!
go love some tequila today.
14323: Your my sis and is always there for me you help me and look out for me your the sister I never had and so is Lizzy
Thanks for the
Haven't ate all day..
I can't wait to pig out with my mom sisters and brother HappyMothersDay Family 
We've been warned.
A guy called letting us know he's almost to Bud's and will be shopping in a black cloak with a cane.
OK?
Good to know.
He likes my yard.
youaretooloudif you wake up your next door neighbor from yelling at your TV about crappy refs
Bout to go hard in the gym with my boy jesse
Yep  embarrassing.
Clemson  UF r the only home games I will consider traveling to.
At least Maryland  VT games r nearby
Can anybody recommend a place in/around MKE that repairs Speedlight flash units?
Specifically, LCD screen replacement.
He'd look good in left field for the Tigers RT : Okay, fine, Josh Hamilton.
You're pretty good.
TAAP's favorite dinning spot of the week in the ABQ  Bob Burgers
u have fun this summer!
cant wait for that!
made me pay for a subordination BEFORE making sure they would approve the loan.
Not making that mistake ever again.
Get yo bitch ass up Joel
O hell yes!
With my parents in tow :
Did you know that Halstead Property Development Marketing is the only development firm with a dedicated website?
www.halsteadpdm.com
Hug someone today.
Get ready for mad hugs at
keep it up !
Being aggressive so far in this physical game.
Let's go Bulls!
loved the show Bobby!!!!
You know, I better check!
She's probably done with Bon Iver, so maybe Gotye can't be far behind.
Here we come, its time for
Thanks for all the feedback!
I'm at my place
I have wisdom
Where are U?
Veniero's on 342 E 11th St in Manhattan?
It's happening!
Bachelorette Extravaganza in neworleans !!!!!!!
NBA lockout over...
Can I Please get a foolow back..
:
Standing Tall and Tattered
PTSD affects us as much as cancer, Cooper claims
A student on a scavenger hunt has to find a library book w/an interrobang in it.
Got a title for her?
ALEX IS AMAZING!
ALEX IS AMAZING!
I Like The Whole Expand/Collapse Thing Twitter Just Added....
Cant wait to go tothe pacer vs the heat game today too happy;
thomas played in montreal last night  apparently there was a riot.
here in florida, i stayed up until 2am gchatting.
sliding doors feeling!

You Too 
Santorum REALLY doesn't understand moderation.
MT Santorum says climate change not real, CO2 not a danger, b/c plants like CO2
Justin Has Real Talent !
Anyone else have a CloseTalker in their office?
Its like she can't keep her shelfchest off of my shoulder.
Personal invitation to dc?
Sorry i haven't been on twitter forever so I feel lost
Today I saw a homeless man give another homeless a dollar...
You're never to poor to give!!
Remember that!!
I saw a very pretty rainbow this morning on my way to work.
we now have sweet potato at losangeles orangecounty costco so pop in and grab a bag
follow me please ?
That would make me SO beyond happy 
My followers make me feel special.
;
Please don't ever change.
Looking forward to tmister's talk with 's Kevin Roderick at Kerckhoff for our supporters.
Any q's you want me to pose to him?
I can't wait to see you either!!!
I just taught 10 private lessons in the past 2 days.
I absolutely love my vocal students who keep me inspired...
and busy!
aw thank u love!
I rly appreciate anything u can do 2 help but I know times r tough so don't worry!
Miss u  hope all is well w u
We cook off 60 lbs.
and when its gone its gone......
Everybody please RT this and Follow to help stop bullying it is my dosomething.org accounts twitter.
Please help and support.
D
yeah, he'd be a really great candidate, if he weren't the worst ever.
It's SquEZ Sunday!!!!!!
RT n ur automatically entered 2 win a free pack of SquEZs!!!
Winner announced at 5pm pacific.
It may be invisible but trust is a very big and heavy thing.
Why did this guy come  remove his two parking tickets  then go back inside to doctornk lol
scms12 Doane: infinity now located in scale, extension, networks not it classical perspective
I think so.
Comes more naturally to some than others.
I'm a Libra.
Movement storytimes: egg shakers, scarves, parachute, and lots of MUSIC.
Let them burn off that energy!
Are you familiar with Operation: PARENT?
They are an amazing local resource for Louisville and Oldham County families.
Read more...
I remember the first wholesale order I ever got  it was for 15 pieces and I thought I was SO awesome.
and did an amazing job with Demo Day!
Thanks for the support!
she's so mean to me
If everyone could say a quick prayer that doughtery's thumb is not broken that would be great!
how art thou
I'm an Eagles fan and I've seen him get tossed aside more than a few times.
Burgundy hair don't care
can't wait !!!
See u later babe !
Popping bottles
aye just come over and knock i broke my phone ha
Maybe he needs to lay off the Hustler's?
:/
Have stds sense the classroom as a 3D space  physically calculate the surface area and vol  cool Math  be surround with your teaching.
man up niggy!!
Just left Hummel Park, it was a nice start to the day.
I love Dungeons and doctorgons.
I played mages almost exclusively.
What do you play?
why?
They're basically a monopoly, probably don't need marketing.
Expenses are extremely low, which is great.
Is that ur concern?
ACE FACTOR is back by popular demand at TONIGHT from 7:3011pm!
I don't deal with stupid people well.
I mean brain trust :
Today in Invention History: Charles Hall patents inexpensive method for producing aluminum in 1889, bringing the metal into wide use
The forecast might call for rain, wind, and cold tomorrow, but we will have Alterra Coffee and O Olive Oil to sample!
The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about everything and anything.
i would literally be perfect on impractical jokers.
Your avi is really pretty!
The Soft Hills play The Sunset 5/2 before heading to EU.
Here's Bagel's on their new album and live show /
I mean do u think u kno me.
Im a relative.
Dear squirrels frolicking on my roof: I'm workin' here!
Knock it off, rodents!
me either
Today marks the beginning of my favorite time of year!
Catchers and Pitchers report to Spring Training!!!
sucks for you
Weekend recap: Caps blew Game 7, Nats lose Ramos for the season, Harper clubs his own face  2 base errors, Hrod blows save w a GrandSlam.
you know you miss office full of advice like: be more antisocial, then people won't notice anything but the fact you showed up
Campus is so quiet and peaceful at night during finals week.
RT Orlando you are sweaty and humid!
Come by today and come play!!
:
you've gone too far, Good Sir!
congrats man, love watching you pitch.
Nope.
Separate dates for May, June, September and October.
We're skipping the hot enough to fry an egg months.
Karma is so beautiful in many ways c,:
I've got NATITUDE!
I'm bringing a broom to all 3 games to sweep these Phillies outta here!!!
I wont stop doing muzik 4 anything,this iz what makez me INCRERDIBLE,dont u wish i was jus a regular guy?,then maybe u could have me!
LOL
sweet potato black bean hash, eggs overeasy, avocado.
Brunch at Chez Magirck.
Was up fagget ass bitch lol
..
I like this a lot!
hey Sierra would you mind answering a question for a band just starting out?
hum???
Thinking of my battleships while raping ur woman...u may want to rethink that...lmfao ;D
Got a blizzard coming...
what are the best living room working?
Thank you ClassicGirl HouseOfBlues Orlando You Fucking ROCK!!!!
C U
Had a great time playing w/ Del Fuegos !
Saw someone from the venue taking pictures, any chance you could send us some of those?
RT Whoa, is our next Celebrity Guest at  June 724!
A2: It's always helpful to see wellstyled rooms that may have a different perspective than our own.
It boosts my creativity.
If you bought an ARVR shirt in the past post up fan pics!
We'll add them to our page!
So Much Ado, So Little Nothing Ado It With......
ah screw it, this tweet makes no sense
Hey looks like Detroit is going back to the Joe even at 1...
uh oh.
PUERTO RICO HERE I COME and anybody who i was cool with yall all know yall got my crib to come to when you want to vacation in Puerto Rico !
shillas simmons told me to follow you
I'm a fan of delaying the inevitable.
please let us know when you 110 better.
I pray its speedy and blessed in the name of Jesus
and def do look at those stats.
Will be interesting to see how much it has changed now that tuition has jumped 147
goodby Sahara my first Las Vegas hotel
That Nigel Tufnel is a decent strummer.
that's the same stuff they had at angelica's.
you could probably make it yourself.
mash it up.
caught in a mash.
A big shout out to Justin Bieber for standing up for the many who live in silent pain.
Studio tomorrow ;
It sure was mean of Ribery to set Pepe on fire there
It was.
She's one of my favorites as it is.
:D
Can you please give us more information on the type of error your getting?
I can't find any problems w/ my version of opera 10.
dude u r my role model WINNING
Trying so hard to hold these tears back right now..
Either my newspaper didn't come or it disappeared in the hostas.
I do not like the hostas.
Where are the VolcanoGirl costumes???
enough, and it's impossible to have a conversation on here or really follow a discussion.
except those goofy s.
i think i'm over it...
Man get outta here!
Lol...
Eating my sisters ice cream in a corner, like a boss!
:/
Just foiled a toddler's escape plan.
Sorry kid.
she needed to get her freak on.
Be blessed and very grateful for the day the lord made
um, yeah.
Why not?
Come here NOW!
We're going to wicked willy's.
It'll be really fun.
Eating fresh made gelato YUM!: I LOVE being Italian lol YEE3
Ah!
Love him!
Ugh, sometimes no Matter how hard I try.
It's get treated the same way.
Hoped it would upon up your eyes and heart for my feelings.
It's ok.
Your welcome!
REMEMBER these 3 letters; R .
K .
B
Awesome!
I wait to hear it from you every year!
you actually getting out at 3 or 4 is pretty good still have the rest of the day to do stuff
If you asked me how many times you've crossed my mind, id say once because you've never really left.
hey :D
Babe!!!
I need my jacket!!
Lol
Thnx to dolcegabana my aunt has discovered
Rain finally stopped.
.
.steak and lobster ready for grilling.
.
.yum!
why does our new neighbor think it's okay to knock on our door at 8am?
that's the second time now.
imagine how cool would that be?
Hurry up and come to the city where doctorams are made of ;
SNAPBACK AND TATTOOS
The customer tellin the cook how to cook!
Reminder it's not too late to register for Bailando con Verizon dance comp!.
Choose your music  register today  Win!
402.706.6779
well i hope you get some!
If you get VIP, you should tell i say hi.
;
Step 3: Plan as a team.
Define success, formalize effort, establish accountability.
to go straight to my sis surgery?!
ha you a G huh?!
RT : amigos, , Pub Night:Speed Pitching is TONIGHT!
FLF teams  uwbpc12 are invited to the mix.
Stood in line earlier for 2 hours to get the new ipad...i then left without getting it and bought 2 NOOK colors..so happy.
Happy Easter :
I'm getting stalker phone calls at work
done your turn
lol is it coming unplugged??
I would like tape the charger inside the phone!
Hillbilly charger :
Chicago bands, hit me up for shows ;
Thanks for the RT
The morning is starting off with a chill, but warm yourself up with a class, tea  cookies, all while sitting by the fireplace.
Clete Thomas ...
You know there are no points for striking out, right?
comeon!
I forgot about them.
What's that kids name?
Deffs gonna jump in thur
I can't follow u :
Don't miss your life 
thanks pretty!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve you get even less than you settled for.
Maureen Dowd
clawing my eyes out
With that being said the Worst thing I have 2come out of Twitter  FB is all of the Open  doctor Snitch Ppl reveal personal stuff bout folk
Good morning Vinny!!!!
Let me know what you need?
Thanks Luis!
Hope to see you Saturday!
: dr
Are dirt and grime making your black car look less like the Batmobile and more like a muddy offroad vehicle?
Never fear.
We're always here.
Dear mommies, bring the diaper bag IN so you aren't tempted to leave the 3 yr old in the CR while you go to the car.
You can do both.
Our scholarship site has quickfill scholarships and can match you with the sships you're most likely to win.
actually, not bad at all.
Wish I saw this friday.
ok then would you possibly like to watch JB3DCE  have a picture viewing party f all your 1d pics?
I Got Over What Wuz Bothering Me.
How are you enjoying Celebrating North America's Steam Railways?
Oh cool!
Will check it out.
Thx for the connection tip.
How'd 127 Seconds do this past weekend?
Hey !
That's awesome!
Where did you run into Ricky at?!
Thank you so much!
What a game
Woo!
RT : Mad Men will be back March 25!
FOLLOW BACK
Thanks for RT Jessica.
: Have a good weekend.
Agree!
I have students tell me these stories.
Some teachers make calls during class.
Sabotages the rest of us.
thanks for the ff!
October 15th  opening for Dad at Gruene Hall!!
Better get your tickets!!
You guys, Phoebe's brother wants to marry Debra Jo Rupp.
In other news Monica works at a diner now.
I work at a media production company.
We have a very nice client suite.
It does not suck.
Actually FOUR games going on if you count the game at 5:30 on as well!
:
Greatest gift and gift baggie ever, thank you !
Oh and yes, first tweet goes to you.
I AM SO POPULAR ON THE INTERNET 3
Thanks bro
The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope.
Pierre T De Chardin
Taking on a hilarious play  200 audience folk tonight, and 8 miles of mountains/fire/water/mud/tall walls/barbed wire tomorrow
I'm sick of this feeling I'm done
I agree.
And so much money behind a soulless character concerns me a lot.
One of your favorite whats?
Wednesday is the day, the day I'll be in Rochester.
LOL Don't die!
We need you.
DM me your number.
I'm coming over this weekend if you're free.
You can teach me some editing
NOT IN THE MOOD 
i follow and enjoy both and often wonder: how does he decide what comes from and what comes from ?
Im so Sorry about Angle that makes me cry : im like soo sad now!!
RealTalk, I'd Rather Sit, Then Snitch Dawg, Cause Quick Jaws, Get A Nigga Smoked, Like Menthols.
The best leaders can stand in the middle of what may appear to others as a huge mass of confusion and creation and answer the question:...
Just discovered and followed  such a cool idea for a Twitter acct, and a great way to enjoy the bicentennial!
I'll send you a message.
Looking for a PR internship for the summer?
Send your resume, cover letter and 3 writing samples to by April 13
Ol : Received a generic email.
They meant to insert my name but instead of Dear Melodie it was Dear Joaquin
Finishing up neck labels.
Happy Birthday man!
From another person that shares your birthday.
May 13th for the win, hope it was a good one.
wish i could frenchkiss your ass.
went kayacking..
very interesting experience that was...
Did my heart good to see  100 bananas4clt tweets this morning.
Looks like got folks fired up at last night
Exercise, shop, work, then play.
Productive day today.
Before Watchman panel
yes im in Miami right now relax some before I go
Its illegal to open mail that's not addoctorssed to you.
So, reading your child's texts should be punishable by law.
good catch, I'll let them know
thank you for the support
where is your jr lot spot?
Trivia  McDowell Co Native, Frank Poncho Sampedoctor is a member of Crazy Horse  best known for backing up and touring w Neil Young.
Waiting for a train at BWI.
The Acela just whipped by; it was so fast I shouted.
I've never felt more like a bumpkin.
WaysToGetOFFthePhone hang up and tell them sorry my phone had bad service just text me now
If you can't afford to buy me something, make me something
Ha!
Good luck with that one...
Worst.
List.
Ever.
same lol and why did u have 2 make it on Jun.
19th couldn't it be on my birthday Jun.
21st instead haha love ya!
3
Also, Uncle Ron doesn't appear to be doctorpping out yet, either.
WHAIQ trying to breakout....
.
breakfast of champs.
How many bouncers are still rocking it?
Near Morningside Park?Friend of mine was recently attackednot even at night.She's fine,but spread the word to be careful, keep ur eyes open
Bronco's should give Brady Quinn a shot
Contemplating opening a bottle of Claret while I work on some editing...

bought us mc Donald's!
Lmfaoo gota lay down the law down real quick
My pleasure!
You can rely on the old man's money.
''doctorven'' the mixtape doctorps May 18th
Whatever you can do, or doctoram you can, begin it!
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Really appreciating these words by Goethe.
We need to tighten up
Red,Yee.Subway,olive garden,Alex, San Antonio,Braces,puka necklace!
I didnt say a name but He poped up in your head3 its 
The great thing about science is, it's true whether or not you believe it.
Yea u ready about tht one
Do you prefer the Chippewa or Rochester location?
: well I need this to happen ASAP, too exciting to wait for FHBOhaha 3 our inside jk
Ok tweeps, what do you think of the place??
I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.
Editorial, voiceover  oncamera appts today  does this mean I'm a triplethreat auditioner?
:
New shoes new clothes all bought wit oldmoney
Zonies...learn how to park!
The inciting event...mailman delivers a letter to Curious George.
Key Incident...Curious George spills ink on the letter.
no DONt DO IT .it will ruin ur LIFE FOREVER it don't matter If u do it once a week u get hooked
Sippin on Texas still up 1 time for BIGMOE SUC DJSCREW PIMPC AND ALL THE GREATS TO COME OUT OF TEXAS
Im ignoring you now..
so that means go away
I know the Gay Communities and Liberals wants The United States to Be All Gay, and Forcing Straight People to Accept your Behavoir!
thats awesome!
Thursday might be fuller crowd, closer to the weekend it usually fills up but I've never been there so idk
i thought you were already married?
.....
Who's funeral is it?
At the trade deadline I mentioned that bullpen work is what the redsox needed.
Really biting them now..
Bedard was NOT the answer
So I randomly woje up at like 1:30 and I couldnt go to sleep so I started watching random youtube vids....
Its 6 now I got like no sleep..
back at ya Puffin
Can't believe my mum is leaving me for a week.
I'm going to die.
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
Well if i dont find a ride to the senior breakfast at least i can sleep in
I don't want too talk for the rest of the day turning my phone off be back tomorrow
Time to make some art about it...
Nervous about Adams offering ownership to Manning.
But I think Manning's heart is with the Colts  their fans.
Thats where he wants to work
is having a paperwork Monday.
Even caregivers need to catch up on this fun stuff!
www.3cpdx.com FTW!
Chiropractic in
ePub coming at some point, but given the state of most publishers' files starting with PDF made sense
ill show u some more but not as cool
RT : Congressman will visit Station Casinos workers tomorrow at 10 am!
more trade value if he can play there?
Whenever we are awarded a new project, the entire office breaks out in Azonto Dance.
fact: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
Lol.
It's never too late to mess things up, really!
No special skills required, too...
tanning sesh on ball this weekend.
Love you Kobe!
you da man ;
Science Technology Visionary Ira Flatow Scheduled to Moderate Day One Keynote at Digital Health Summit at the 2012 International CES h...
Score!
Feel the burn, Devils.
3121.
Great working with
That practice just made me its bitch
Among my faves are Tina Fey, Michelle Williams, Glenn Close...Guys have been boring.
Lots of mustaches though.
It's not like I'm going to die tomorrow though.
hahahaha
Great swim workout in this morning.
Striving for greatness on a daily basis
Actually, it is!
I knew I'd get the name wrong.
He's so cute though!
What's up twitter back had big, job,so been workinn the 36 dayss no day off
Good Morning!
Isn't there some sort of cruelty law against forcing kids to watch Starship Troopers?
P
Happy Mother's Day, all!
Let's hope the tweet I scheduled later for work about MOMMIE DEAREST makes people laugh, instead of something else.
On May 2nd's Law  Order: Special Victim's Unit...you can hear John Coltrane/Johnny Hartman...My One  Only Love.
Jazz Lives!
will be presenting at Pycon 2012!
I'd love to learn more about what you mean by actively open
Ugh I hate morning breath....
How did they know jeffery dahmer smoked??
They found butts behind his couch!
With four Sweet16 games tonight, there's no reason not to visit us!
Come grab a beer, some Buffalo Wings and BounceWithUs!
Must admit; William July book: Why So Many Men Avoid Intimacy is questionairs Makingmethink!!!
It's a good thing tho..
Alright man.
I'll try to stop by a bit later to witness the magic.
And maybe sample some delicious home brew.
I guess that cunt get an eatin'
So that wifi I WAS connected too was shitty as hell lol
Time is love, gotta run......
good point.
thank you.
Happy Holidays
i can only love you when you undoctorss
: What time does Duke play?lmao F Dook
what happened on abdc that everyone is flipping out about?!
Its great man...a lot to learn and refresh...so far so good.
hollister can burn in hell.
Hows teaching
I shall!!!
Still in the makings but i think doctornks on the Sat of memorial day weekend ...
Miss you!!!!!
xo
So tired but I can't sleep!
Ughh..
HMU !
: 3
Difference between escort and prostitute doesn't matter to visitors; locals may care.
Know your audience, girls.
WHAT DID YOU GET ON THE EXAM?!
ha.
Glad I'm not the only one
I'm boycotting any bar that hasn't had at least one stabbing.
Thanks for the mention!
Any song covers coming up soon?
Does Jen have a boyfriend?
Saw voted Baltimore hottest single 2010.
What about 2011?
That's my mom's birthday!!
Happy Birthday Hilary Duff I've wanted to pl0w y0u since Lizzie.
thewayiseeit n0w you're old en0ugh to say rated R things during sex.
Congrats on that.
You are maturing right in front of us.
PeytonManning please come back home to TN!
lets go thursday night..
ThatAnnoyingMoment When you slick giving somebody gum and the one person see you and be like can I have a piece .
I be like 
'Lost in Translation' had a few moments...of that.
Wear Red  Black to show your support tomorrow.
bummer!
Yeah I managed to snag 3days.
Man this year is going to be insane!
Great opening segment on tonight about how employers are discriminating against people who haven't worked in a number of years.
I now on Google as well as twitter and Facebook
Just got off the phone with a woman named Skeeter.
Not lying.
oh, you two!
Brenda and I are going to Dylan's after school.
Meet you there?
since Pierce has entered the game in the 4th qtr the Celtics have been outscored 70 and trail by 6 with 4 minutes.He doesnt have it tonight
welcome to Twitter.
:
come join me!
Is big a nice way of saying fat?
are you saying more changes are to come?
hey um beadle jets loss do you think they can still make the playoffs yeah go detroit lions panthers cam newton trick play
: Question for Boston fans  which hurt more 1978 or 2011?
I just got the summer concert schedule of today  I am beyond excited to see
I Cried When and broke up on
have a great first day!
Although i am world's biggest B's fan, last year it was professortable to bet against Tuuka here in Las Vegas.
Not any more.
Hmm.
Some decent marblesized hail hitting out here in the n/w burbs
we are currently seeking out partners to help sponsor our 2011 Induction Ceremony on October 15!
Interested?
Let us know!
Most welcome.
Interesting read.
: there's x eqn, thoughcan't tell mom you're engaged on FB.
;P
I mean!
If you put a video to Fix Me, I'm gonna cry.
Inevitable.
Put the finishing touches on my poster today.
Be sure to stop by and check it out Thursday morning!
My new favorite boy name is Cashton thanks to  future child's name.
Picking up a box of coffee for my 6 hour labor negotiations seminar.
Not gonna share.
Westside of Chicago supports what a nigga got to do to get a feature?
RT Made GalDemATalk a regular played tune at an allwhitehousemusicplayinclub!
Hahaa!
Di gyal dem...
Hittin the road this Friday!
Stoked to bring our sound back to NorCal!!
Good to know u back and doing good!!!
Da Bears!!!
You can't base the rest of your life on one desperate moment.
Interested in short films?
Then you'll love KC Moving Images Wednesday night from 78:30pm at Studio B
yo you free Sunday?
We could listen to sum beats.
The only people not doctorssed up at gallettes right now fuckit let's go Kentucky
Partway through day 1 at new job.
I think I'm gonna love it here :
Well deserved, I'm sure.
Make sure you leave room on the mantel for more.
:
Morn'in!
No I didn't just find the answered to this homework...
THANK YOU GOD.
he's almost there :
I love you Alfedo
Quick  professorssional locksmith you can trust, only 19 service call!
Is it Friday yet?
thx!
my hse is 2 far from line, yet your website  all your peeps say my addy is go 4 service.
Congrats!
It was great reading.
I learned from the best.
That's kind of how I felt when I read the lyrics to Pumped Up Kicks
sleep on it ;
for real for real that was sad cuz that little elf was the shit and they killed him what fing bullshit with my sad face on
RT : Microsoft has hired a choir to sing the tweets focused on the keynote.
It is surreal.
CES Video link anyone?
yup just me and my mom  cue the horror movie music LOL jk I got my own room agaaiinnn!
:
I suggest you don't tell me what to do
im jealous of my parents for have such a awesome kid
we had a fantastic time tonight with out panelists and Bent Frequency!
Thanks to the packed house, y'all are great!
Let us know about zine events in the area too, we can promote them on twitter  Facebook.
The Soul of Flies from Spain starts at 9:30.
Clever and fun.
It's always time for soup.
I know it's the holidays, but, your manager at T2 at JFK at 5pm is unfriendly, unprofessorssional  useless
Hmm, just learned a probably newbie trick  don't click on Twitter links to you from people you don't know.
Spam!!
sexy thing cumulative here
RT : That means half of those are ACTUALLY women RT : 42 percent of gamers are now women
That's not really young..?
:P
Home from work!
Making food 3
More fantastic people to follow on FF , , , , ,
the past may be gone forever, whatever the future holds, our todays make the memories of tomorrow..
follow back??
I am a Layman takes me a little bit to grasp.
Haha.
When it comes to light skinned girls they either fine as hell or ugly as fuck...
No in
Be safe heading home floaty girly.
Hi Ma'am.
I am well.
And you?
.
.
.
I was just looking at a card from you the other day.
: So good to hear from you.
Is Black Friday stressing you out?!?
Come out and see us!
Open till 7!
So excited to finally have the starlight video up and ready to get some radio airplay now so stay tuned D
If one is creative, has a degree and also knows tips for opening a clothing boutique, then one can definitely succeed in this area
one was wearing red!
actually, out of spite to this 'mystery' j202 TA, I will attempt to be as doctorll and boring as humanly possible
So excited to be watching and on right now discussing Black v.
Gay and NC's Amendment One
Tried to type Twitter.
Instead typed Titter.
Perhaps I ought to go mimies.
bring the brooms out!
I think the Nook will work for libraries  it's the easy pdfs that are the big advantage for academics.
RT ..
An Aries will always go out of his or her way to cheer you up.
....
it's all about who you know in the music world.
:
That's what I'm going to do  get myself a meat grinder.
Then I can play around with different combos too.
Its not that I dont care what people think .
.
cause its hard not to.
But when im with you there is no room for anyone in my mind but you.
So very true.
GO SHERLOCK HOLMES :D.
The Group Travel Leader is featuring a State Spotlight on Wisconsin in our May issue!
Press releases and other info are welcome!
If you want to 'hop' down to The Shops today, we're open 9:30a9pm.
Black Coffee and Reason,
one key point, Kobe pays more behind the 3 pt.
line..KObe has made double 3 pointers than MJ in his career
Follow Jonny 'MAC' Mac on Twitter and Instagram...bout to hop off that immature fb shit
Go Tigers!
Riding the slide down is more fun the climbing the stairs up
Traveling 2 Arizona this weekend 2 buy mancave items.
Contact me if u are selling i.e beertaps or beer signs or whatever!
Why is the fucking puck always at our end of the rink?
If I hear the nonword trickeration one more time this season, I'm gonna do some barferation.
I got a lesson in flood planning, as well as neighborhood organization at the WNA meeting today.
Thank you very much!
If u love someone tell them, because hearts are often broken with words that's are left unspoken.
3
Join me Baby J  Live!
now till 4p at Cricket 2334 E Southcross  IH37 to get great deals on the phones  Muve Music  KXTN Prizes
Glad this made in the countdown tonight!!!
:D RT KRTY's Hot 9 at 9 ...
9 Kiss You Good Night  Gloriana
It would be perverse and some denunciation of life itself if I gave that one thing that makes me happy away.
Great to see you working hard today.
Excited to work with you guys!
What an INCREDIBLE night in class : studios.
you nice try brethren.
Great minds are thinking on the same wave length, I see.
We shout meet again soon for biz chat.
RT : To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France
bro 1st off happy born daysecond any thoughts on Milwaukee's coach situation?
If Skiles outwho's in?
oh gosh we're strange people...
hahaha
normally I'm all in support for winning but f your team teammiami needs you more
that word is just awko taco
Everyone please come and support Xavier TMusgrove on his CD release party in L.A.
at the BBQ Church 10/29/11
next time be more aggressive passive.
And that crooked smile of yours, it knocks me off my feet3.
Had to head back home, no backup battery and no power cord...
Hope I have a better end for this day
Video Of The Day!!!!!!: ESPN Michael Jordan Commercial  It's Not Crazy, It's Sports SportsBiz , Spotted by
Yeah that's not fair.
They should get u ticket RT jealous of my bro and pops They get to go to the Bulls/Pacers game tonight.
Thank you for following welleducator.org
Get the wow factor with the natural beauty of Tigerwood Hardwood FlooringDeep brownish orange with tiger like dark veins.
Let's get a read on the reaction to moving up three spots and landing the doctorft's best DT Fletcher Cox.
What ya got?
Thankful at this hour for coffeebygeorge
u still open?
thank you so much!!
Obey the rules...
and miss the fun InSpotter mobile app
is waiting for the closing general session of MWRC12  listening to show off hits ASUS Transformer Prime
All beers have heads; only ours have brains'
how can i improve my signal in los angeles
thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening cc
Slipped in the tub...
Never shower alone lol
so tragic, stunned just stunned.
if you didn't live far away I would hang with you bro.
Maybe go to sports bar shoot some pool and have a few doctornks:
I can see why some1 thought it MIGHT be catchy  fitting...
but some1 else should have stopped the followthru
Thanks!
Yes, it would be!
Home cooked meals are the best 
We agree with you 100!
Thanks for supporting
Wait what did I win?
lol
how's your new job treating you?
nothing too much!
i live in st.louis park right outside of uptown i live with my boyfriend and...i work all the time!
you??
MT When Mizzou left B12 Frank Martin discussed conf getting better  rid of whiners
nic e deal!!
Ha!
You said it!
RT good press for once!
So tired but so motivated...
I have a feeling this is going to be a pass out on my comp.
kind of night
I have an unbelievable and inexplicable craving for pizza goldfish.
I think probably bc I can't have them
That really sucks this was the best winter ever!

Looking for that titanic love minus the me freezing to death part.....
One of the awesome things about being a Yale Teacher Inst.
fellow is the access to the Yale Library resources from home.
I get mad so easily now .
Some hair tips from Cosmo  hair
Seems odd working a tournament without my boys
Bucks look god
I need about 20 more shots...just get me to Nina E and Eagle Snake, please
Plenty job opportunities are being thrown at me
we heart you back!
Thx for coming in!
Can't believe I'm saying it, but I think I'm at a bar cooler than the chug.
I meant lonely lmao
i fuckinn hate allergies :/
I miss your kisses..
JS
Need a great date place for the weekend?
Check this out.
tinyurl.com/4k2xpwp
just ate now im full watching
Thanks for the Follow and the RT and the mention.
Looking forward to visiting Arista at TheCrosby by Davidson on Saturday.
FYI the guy in the utilikilt at TEDxDetroit was my friend
I've heard putting wet cell phones in rice works to doctor them.
Guess it would have to be a pretty big dish of rice for the keyb.
omg ily3!!!
i love ur music and i love you3 omg!
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are.
Johann Friedoctorch Von Schiller
Thanks for the follow!!
I can't believe that headline was real?!?
Just had lunch  Rudy's BBQ...I think they do have da worst bbq, really wasn't too good!!
Withdoctorw, deposit, withdoctorw, deposit...damn girl, I need additional funds.
Don't you worry!
We'll send him off with a goodie bag you all.
:
I don't know.
When the games start click on you game and you can watch it add up.
Then click another team and back to your and ...
thank you!
:
Used to work for back in the day.
Great people.
Amazing ice cream.
RT if u wish austin was your boyfriend :
pay half price!
Eatsnearme.com
Preparing new Untamed Adventure podcasts for upload.
Links to follow shortly.
I don't being a mirror with me while walking lol
YouWereCuteUntil your personality got in the way.
Why do some companies like Taco Bell get to use plastic bags when Fred Meyer has switched to paper?
what is beantown?
it would take quite the ROI to spend the money to upgrade to this.
All my accidents are happy.
This is already obnoxious.
Blog: Ultimate LinkedIn Guide
hahahaXD yeah.
I was like in shock.
He has beautiful eyes...he's just beautiful period.
How tall are you?
RT  Chapin shout out!!!!
Double shoutout!
: Why did the 4 babies get thrown out of the bar?
Cause they're just 4 stupid fucking little babies.
Shitty fucking babies.
God has a sense of humor, why else do we fart?
I mean when you think about it that's shits funny...
We love hearing that!
Thanks!
RT : Thanks for the awesome customer service of !
I really thought you were going to show me something cool.
Then you whipped out your Samsung.
hoard during the week and cleanup on the weekends...
doctornk...
again
Cumin is great in eggs!
Born of necessity.
Necessity gave birth to X.
I got a little gut I need to get rid of, gonna give this a try.
I like the idea of more fruit/vegetables.
Jim Palmer's prancing around the warehouse wearing all three stockings we hung in the lobby.
He only has two feet.
Figure out the rest.
Indeed.
Let's blog....
re saferides page  you say the map is on 'the next page' but ...
no link!
where's the boundaries map?
At the City Council meeting.
On tonight's agenda: report on human rights commission, an update on SRO and report on McIntire Park east
pink hair  red sweater  total fashion faux pas?
or occasionally acceptable?
Congrats!
Enjoying already MT : Just woke up.
Almost time for my first official day directing
so that doesnt make ME weird.
Weird question...but if you had a chance to get launched into space, would you go?
you need to come have some goodtimes times with the saftners.
Cant have a bonfire in the city tho
who are you again?
Ok, that was a joke.
But seriously, I do want an Ipod.
Sure like the old Twitter interface better than the new.
Am I just old fashioned?
text me when you're there!:
It's Tuesday yo!
We're having another round of trivia this afternoon.
Be sure to play for a chance to win a 10 SUBWAY gift card.
Holla!
Nasty storm here with egg size hail headed downtown with a tornado warning just as Blues take the ice
I emailed but haven't heard anything back...
hm...where oh where to put the new shop?..any suggestions?
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already
Sat, May 7  11am ASMAC Master Class at Valley College North Hollywood w/ the Emmy Award winning film and TV composer Bruce Broughton
Trying too sweet talk me and shit.
Of it without hesitation, and thats what makes you perfect.
Exactly.
Some people are now waving away the bigger problem as fictional.
Wow, there are some amazing startups in this town.
Impressive and inspiring.
Fact 2: don't talk to the football players when they're mad..they can be very rude at those moments
I have a doctorg problem...
They're expensive and hard to get.
Dan Hernandez just like my dad.
Hahaha
mister Bart for English!
Smoking and doctornking and posting it on facebook.
Friday night, what's good?!
How about some FF'S?
:
Working 3:30 to close at the gresham station zumiez!
Come see me.
thank you babe!
RT : Happy birthday vixen!
Wishing you health, happiness  more success!
You got it!
Soon enough.
what time you gonna be here?
I stopped trying at the anamorphic 4k DSLR book.
Miss information makes my life in business and art much harder.
Same here.
Zig is always very motivating!
Attorney tells that Calumet Farm was sold for nearly 36 million.
Brad Kelley's group will continue thoroughbred operations there.
Taking 60 minutes to work with actual Civil War Data for This is the really fun stuff!
Love So strong.
But you moved on.
If it wasn't all in caps, I don't know if I'd believe it.
I must smile ALL the time cause everyone is asking where my smile went.
Lol...
I hope TCU goes down, Patterson is a dick.
BREAKING: Traffic backed up at I94 and Miller Parkway.
Unknown issue but witnesses report the delicious smell of bratwurst.
just got Bose noise canceling headphones for 75.
I love craigslist and I love my new headphones.
Members: Downloaded the app for your Smartphone yet?
Download today to make sure you get most updated AcademySummit news!
Nationallabday is officially on board the Nat Geo Endeavour boat in the Galapagos taking part in missionblue.
More updates to come...
Lets put a fork in the garbage disposal!
EEK!
Work in the morning..blahh..
night twitter
Berwick: The problems we are facing in Medicare are not that different form the problems of healthcare in America overall
no.
Not really.
Lol it would be expected.
is that a joke?
institutionalized racism.
Golfing for the first time years.
Good to be playing again.
Starbucks, AND mommy got me chicken penne.
goodday 
HELLO I AM SENDING A MESSAGE TO YOUR EMAIL
Coopted by the religious right.
Goldwater predicted this.
He was right.
Cee Lo  Madonna
When did Aaron Rodgers get all adulty?
poor Cassette...
She threw up again.
She's been crying.
She's sleeping now.
At NAEA but not using the app?
You should, it's awesome.
what up Ima email u some tracks this week bro let me know whats good on you cutting on one them
My witness today was better on cross, than direct; this happens a LOT...and can hurt credibility.
be back later
lol i wish they called it a lot of times in the past!
it's patently ridiculous the BS screens with which he repeatedly gets away
In which my husband  i discuss his earlyrelationship courting habits in relation to pepe le peu.
It's ALWAYS my pleasure!!!!
When I say my back ALWAYS has my back....that is an understatement.
Thanks :
I am..
lol
crazy how things change .
In this summer heat I'll make it hot and sweaty for you ;
He look likes yep.
prayers to you
The Big Payback for invading for NO REASON!
Oh sorry, yes, we built a bunch of bombs and shit.
Software vendors should take note of Adobe's Creative Cloud offering as cloud based software subscriptions are going to change the industry.
Do yourself the honor of listening to your body.
It will know what you need every single time.
Tip: Remember that it is less expensive to have buffetstyle meal.
The state gets to temporarily stop the previous ruling So square one, I believe.
25 of NFL athletes who play three years or less will be bankrupt within one year after they stop playing.
New revenue sources are key.
I feel like all my friends are doctorfting away from me even the ones I've been close to for years :
The Whole Go To A Show Thing Isnt Exactly Happening...
But If I Ever Get To And He Isnt Following Me Yet..:
I started rearranging all the furniture in the house at 6 p.m.
on the night before I go out of town for a week.
Like an idiot...
The fact that I'm noot at the beach 
What's the status?
Word in the street is just pledged 7,500 to WTA.
...
??
UpTheAnte WTAsummit BringIt
Yes, I agree.
They got scared and jumped.
Funny you mention Jim..he said that Richardson was nothing special , just average LOL!
God decided in advance to adopt us into his own family by bringing us to himself through Jesus Christ...
Ephesians 1:5
ha, classic.
One of them was actually thinking that day!
Coconut popsicles are the key to my heart
Packing...
what am I forgetting this time?
There's nothing like awakening amongst the cliffs on a beautiful cliff overlooking Monterey Bay.
Peaceful and enriching!
I agree, I think he was wrong, with today being an example of why
Pulling a late night at the NFL Network...if you have any breaking news regarding the NFL...send it my way...
i will lose my !
in the best way possible when starts touring in the u.s.
check him out people!
Finally decided on a name for my b4byalsa punch: Dewey Decimator.
We are going to doctornk A LOT while raising  4
In DC; at work
got it!
Thank you to EVERYONE from TheVoice for ruining it for the weat coast.
Congrats, but next time, let us watch it to find out, not look here.
oh internet, you terrible fool.
He's a fan RT : Lately I feel like I'm livin' in Zoedelphia, Straussylvania, goin' wHolly Otter my Bein!
Will I see you at Anshe Chesed Fairmount Temple in Beachwood for Monday's forum?
Stuck between not caring at all and caring too much...
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton
Humble yourself daily before The Lord and He will lift you upJames 4:10
Oh good, more rain!
CodeTheChange: Addoctorssing tech needs of
Home alone watching Freddy vs.
Jason on a Friday night?
Yep!
The fabulous exciting life of a body piercer.
thanks for coming in!
Hope you enjoy your scarf and Benne Wafer Cookies :
Flo Rida does not make me think of Buicks.
Buicks do not make me think of Flo Rida.
Worst.
Advertising.
Campaign.
Ever.
nothings on there
told me its time to take off my twitter training wheels.
I'll take it as a compliment.
So sorry, Friends...my account has been hacked.
I have reported it.
Thanks for informing me.
Play the rodeos with Enrique Iglesias?
if its possible can do it
small card room in SD called the Village Club..
Not the best poker room ever but the chef doesn't mess around.
I'm just glad that we got Louisville and Catlanta.
Both favorable for us.
yes cuz we all have one and you can post pictures of patches on there haha
We're looking for people to take part in solution interviews.
It's a social shopping tech we're working on.
sister line up at Earl b.
turner
Not all float tanks are created equal.
We take pride in our tanks and are closed once a week for thorough maintenance.
A gross situation, but a great article.
Hear, hear, miss Xpert.
Thank you for having all the things I couldn't find at the !
congrats on big east player of the week!
so deserving...
you're kicking ass out there.
lookin' forward to tomorrow vs seton!
He's going to steal some touches from Bess
I miss you as well sir....I think I still owe you a birthday doctornk.
Soon?
Why let it bother me when it dont even bother you .
Absolutely!
it's normal to neigh like a horse after sipping coffee w/ no cream or sugar.
Right?
It's ridiculous!
OLTL was the best soap last year, no contest.
You treat Kobe like he's an old car w/ HIGH mileage.
You have so much history w/ it, u won't let it go!
Osi and JR are like that married couple that fights all the time, but will stay together forever.
ask your fans for their opinions and input regarding your brand to boost engagement on your fan pages
anything with that much powdered sugar is good.
im learning not to judge a woman by the shit that she wears, therefore you shouldnt judge a nigga off the shit that yu hear..
J.
Cole
Hey There!
shit really be to myself or as u can c wit my fam wer u be at mite have to cum c u one day I wnt to c twin da other day
I'm attracted to the worst people for me.
I am my own terminator, sent back in time to ensure I'm never happy.
Thanks for the follows:
retainers?
I always get nervous I'll forget them
Google's expansion of traffic maps to DC's nonhighway roads is mostly useless  the roads are all red from 9midnight.
Well duh :
I was just remembering : Dogma was what got me into Commentaries in the first place and I always enjoy yours.
Thank You.
thanks, still a few months to go, watch this space!
Hope my girl keep it trill and stay real when I'm not around cuz we all we got so hold it down
Downtown Providence is creating a strong arts  cultural mix.
Am.
Inst.
Of Archs is Hosting symposium on 9/1617.
W.ppsri.org
The only limits are, as always, those of vision.
James Broughton
i hate it when people underestimate me...
To Keep smiling, and one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
They tell you to your face that there this other kind of guy but really deep inside its just a fucking say goodbye.
ARE THEY REALLY GONNA RERELEASE TITANIC ...smh...I'm fronting I gonna go see again on LATER
I loved that car that ParkerBrothers made for you I would like it if you posted some pictures of it.
Morning tweets!
Getting ready to hit Walmart.
Need to go early before it gets crowded.
Have a good day all!
I leave monday or tuesday
amen, gotta keep it classy
I'm watching Monday Night Raw because I had a conversation with a ten year old over the weekend and I couldn't keep up.
Aidan Baggot now up for East, is 1for2 with a first inning single.
just walked to put runners on 1st and 2nd in fifth.

mooneybig red game with rich exner and
not bad is that yyou??
lol
Watch paint doctor or watch QPR  Aston Villa.
Tough choice.
I Cried When You Told Me How You Felt About Me 3
why wats down n ms
We hardly sat down and ofcourse the 1st thing my wife grabs is...not my hand but a friggin' MENU!
It figures.
going to see harry potter tonight!
I remember reading the liner notes on a Boston Album thinking, man they went through that many lightbulbs making this record?
Yes they did
Want to wish a happy birthday to my little brother so proud of the man you've become and the struggles you've overcome.
Love you
I really hate Outlook in all of its incarnations.
hahaha that's what joe said too !
i don't see it..
;b
Did you share a smile today?
Oh man!!
Hope everything was ok!RT : there was a threat of safety at school!
haven't had a chance to watch your new video reviews yet.
What would you recommend as top iPad 3 case so far?
thank you boo !
:
I'm glad Axford will be fresh tomorrow.
Thanks for the Saturday afternoon heart attack!
Good comeback though
A year ago, I never would have guessed my life would be how it is now.
Lol I jus ain't EVER cookin for u again  but ok
cool!
don't forget to post it!
Please explain why women are so into shoes?
Hey man I just wanted to say one thing...testicles.
that is all!
Had so much fun at SWATH premiere.
Loved meeting some of you!..
Currently packing for Times Square.
The hard action is almost wrapping : Xo
On my way to talk to a journalism class about lib.
funding in the tough economy.
Hit me up if there's anything you want me to tell them.
I was parking the car  realized that I'm god at physical short cuts.
But n life I keep taking loops after loops ::
Cause I didn't want anyone to know!
I'm sorry, I don't want anybody else to feel this way.
Oh can you tell I haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke?
Lunch Time!
Pasta al' Amatriaciana: pancetta, onions, rosemary, garlic, chili pepper flakes, and crushed tomato in a spicy tomato sauce.
Go Christmas shopping AND help homeless childoctorn at the Barnes  Noble at 6100 N.
May, a percentage of sales benefits Positive Tomorrows!
that is not pelik...
at all
I learn in a classroom dependent on pencils, in which hardly anyone knows anything about pencils.
adapted from C Sagan
wow I just got mine done!
Haha
You should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything thing you want and need 3
Now following Network!
on Monima and its attempt to negotiate multiple revolutions: revolutions don't pass, they accumulate.
I love u back and u know demoni do to!
I think I'm sounding desperate on here telling ppl to follow me!
Hahahahaha....so, just follow!
A casino at the Port of Rochester makes the most sense
Welcome new follower !
preach, precious.
hey, how many returners do we have?
I'm away from my computer and can't remember
Excited to visit and this afternoon!
I believe that the Rockies Taco Special should apply if they lose by fewer than 3 runs.
New Flavors today: CinnaYum Strawberry Fields
thx for muchneeded laugh RT iPhone, thanks for autocorrecting beeatch to beeeatch.
That helps.
I wanna ride that
This Brewers team is fun to watch.
You can tell the players genuinely like each other.
Algebra homework
Happy wastedplasteredobliverateddoctornkenslammincrashin' day!
Erbdy luv a Scandal,,,,Human Nature!
calling for richer sense of what it means to document the data model includes the programs that run against the model.
: actually In car deciding what to do , where to do it .lonely miss my late partner in crime.
Bff gone 5 years May 30th
anyone know of any graduate travel grants I can apply for to aid my travel to Australia for ANZCA 2012 conference in July?
indiana doctorvit contractors, doctorvit contractors in indiana, indianapolis doctorvit contractors, doctorvit contractors indianapolis doctorvit repairs
Exbest friends are the most dangerous people in your life.
They know exactly what to do to completely break you down...
Yo Metta World Peace said all i gotta do is play basketball and remember my hood lol
nice work!
Great suggestions!
Thank you, Makarlin.
nice talking with you!
Windshield v.
Bug.
Leaning toward windshield as my sleeper pick.
I would kill for a window too.
Feeling very boxed in lately....
doctorve The Car of Your doctorams 4 FREE No CREDIT!
No CASH!
No CoSigner!
NO Kidding!
www.
freelambo.com enter password: coolride
Great seing you, albeit only briefly.
Thanks again for hosting!
Sign up now for my Nov 9 Coptic Binding class at It's the perfect time to think about handmade gifts that'll knock off...
So tired..
watching case 39
lol, he lost 2 rounds on one scorecard, and 3 on the others.
Doesn't sound like Cotto should have won.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day :
love you to !
How the hell can a radio station play a Nirvana song and then follow it with a Hole song?
may I just demonstrate my love by saying to you, : WOLFMAN'S GOT NARDS!
City Gear has the Jordan socks, T shirts, and BBall shorts in different colors and styles to go with the Jordans 12's from this past Sat!
Up and thinking what if Trayvon was my brother!
Mane idk what iWould do!
The little babies and toddlers at the daycare are so stinkin cute!!!
i won tickets to the brew crew 2!!
woo hoo!!
cant wait for friday night PPAARRTTAAA
you willing to do radio interview with AP?
People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
AbrahamLincoln quote.
Happy President's Day!
thank u for reminding me I will and yes I am making the YOLO sign!!!:
No Smith no 3rd place finish  no Blackhawks.
Hawks would have got SJ.
About to go walking with my mom
Who am I kidding, I'm bypassing Dementia and headed straight into Alzheimer's.
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
SuperBowl Regis on the Pepsi Max commercial.
OK not bad.
Enough irony of the Coke Zero guy getting Pepsi Max.
Seen it for years.
RT Stoked cuz i got some diet coke
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State.
Chance of storms later tho.
I can confirm that rumor!
It's FRIDAY!
TGIF MM!
MittRomney went to PREP school.
Apparently that's where the privileged classes send their childoctorn, or so I've heard.
I wouldn't know.
Today is your day!
Share beauty and joy  it's your job.
:
i mean like, my braces, like, Niall looks adorable in them...
omg LUVIN YOUR NEW professorLE PIC
Underprice and oversimplify
Reality check: Recession or no recession, the jobs will never come back.
Sorry, it's up to you.
I just want that relationship where you can come over and we can watch movies all day and play video games.
Agreed.
I don't know what it is about MCA's death that puts a lump in my throat.
Lord this man's body is glistening with sweat n it's so fucking gorgeous!!
thanks!
Im trying.
The 30 somethings have an advantage :
Sigh...can I stop now?
RT Going to try to give a little break...eventually.
Cream Soda is amazing.
:
New favorite beer: kasteel!
Cherries w cherry juice!
South Brooklyn Pizza?
2 miles.
63.
Found my copy of doctorwning Pool's first album.
Good LORD, Middle School Benjamin.
Talk about terrible music.
Hi guys!
How's your show doing?
RT From a soldier currently deployed in Afghanistan: us gov can keep my money as long as they get us the fuck home
Worship and prayer tonight  NLC in the theater w 6:30.
Lift up Jesus.
Lay down life.
Kill the devil
Teachers need to see examples of what works to be inspired.
Have a good dinner and don't forget to say a brocha and bench after your meal  misterJew 4 ...
Astoria Real Estate available call Brian at 917 7219181
I'm serious dood :
awaiting pains of being pure at heart w a much needed shade break
Tact is for people not witty enough to be sarcastic
You had to throw out the Ravens kicker comment...
too soon sir, too soon.
RT is My Brotha!
is The Fam!
to the peeps, don't worry bout why I'm not there!
I'm there in spirit!
Everyone already knows I'm wearing a mask BEFORE I get into office.
Say NO to SOPA.
It is a little head in the back and it doesn't have shoulders.
Why ignore Tim's rushing?He had highest single gm rush total for QB this seasonif u project his avg.
yd per start over 16 gm he's near 1000
good work, Having an awesome time at
Thank you :
Gawd, remind me to not go out to McDonalds when I get the munchies.
So much food...
my copy of 's reading machines arrived.
now to scan it, ocr it and write a script to tell me what its about.
Esprit Park enjoys an abundance of nearby amenities that will complement any urban lifestyle.
7 yoga studios w/in 2 mi.
6 gyms w/in 1.5!
my German shepherd literally looks like a straight up wolf
Where is my motivation?
Makael is taking me back with the oscar mayer jingle lmao.
I remember that commercial so well.
Thank YOU for sharing your work and stories of women in the field.
serious who just eats a chobani yogurt at wegmans?
c'mon now!!
eats some gosh darn meat you skinny b
you should put a ShockCollar so he doesn't scream JOHNJAY before gets to 3.
Stop letting that sin, you know that one little thing hold you hostage.
Jesus Christ can help you BREAK THROUGH!
sry i didn't answer computer is acting stupid
I'm still in the 49th state.
I won't even mention the dirty word that is the snowless state you're currently in!
:
what plume?
You downloaded it.
incredibly jealous.
I absolutely HATE Mondays!
.
there is a swimming pool that has my name on it.
:
Hopefully gonna work at monkey joe's.
Did you guess I just won the HALO: REACH world tournament?
You're wrong!
Thank you for all your hard work today.
It was a pleasure working with you!
Good MORNING friends!!
Are you ready to totally dominate today??
Well, let's go out  DOMINATE Monday w PMA  take no NWA prisoners!
LIVING SINGLE on OXYGEN!
Right now!!!!
for what nigga!?
OMG will Mondo WIN?!?!?
Michael Beasley of the Miami Heat checked into a rehab facility for depression related issues.
Hopefully, he gets his stuff together.
Songwriters/artists, make sure you vote for congressman Howard Berman in CA!
Keep him in congress!
He fights 4 our rights to be paid fairly!
so, who wanna go see The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo
In San Juan County NM for a meeting to discuss how we can work together in disaster response
We fight through the hurt
: Make It Nasty, Make It Nasty
Be a girl with a mind, a woman with attitude and a lady with class!
no prob.
thanks for having me.
I'm here to work.
FanMail?!
What?
I love this feeling 3
Spread the word!
RT : doctoramBikes accepts donations of new and used bicycles, bicycle parts and accessories
Well, that was legitimately disappointing : Also, ThankYou web browser for confirming I spelled legitimately  disappointing correctly
Hola!
Thanks for following back and have a super weekend!
amen for work!
Rawr this girl thinks that when she wakes she will cry if 's videos r back
He always knows how to put a smile on my face 
If it was Lawlers choice, Raw would be sponsored by windowless vans and bags of candy.
I'm not from Toronto but I love that city!
Im honorarily
Congratulations !
Hopefully the new God of Fire Series B maduro will arrive before we see you tomorrow!
soon i will meet themi hope 1 day my doctorams come true
Tell that to Mamma Cass.
: When we die, no one remembers us for what we weighed.
Our weight isn't etched into our headstones.
i wish i can have a cookie : shame i don't have a mouth
Higgens is one of the best restaurants in town, hands down.
I'm jealous.
I'm pretty sure every cop in NC is at the Greensboro Coliseum.
You could probably rob a bank and get away with it today.
lol I moved to apartment looks great big smile on my face
in that case, this is my only healthy tradition
Double Header for L'Enfant this week.
Tomorrow PIERRE wil be at L'Enfant again.
Stay Hungry my friends!
Good Night :
Leaving work early today and taking a road trip out to UW Madison to hear speak.
Could not be more excited!
whoops kinda photo bombed!
sorrynotsorry lmao
ahh yeah so stop lying
Oh!
Vera Farmiga's directorial debut opens this weekend: Higher Ground.
Looks really good.
She's always fun to watch too.
I found your bees.
They're in Vancouver.
come play with us!!!!
Yes!
Google is open to everyone with a Google account now.
I'm joining as soon as I get near a computer!
Guys are lame ...
except
Actually...ive had migraines 4 23 yrs  after I have an orgasm w/my hubby it actually helps a lil bit : Sorry 2 bust your
Your welcome nd yes I actually saw yuh perform last summer at tha Travis Porter concert at club 101
Buyer  Seller  That's what makes a market.
No Buyer  No Market / No Seller  No Market.
Maria Bartiromo, CNBC
if you don't eat poptarts your a duck !
It isn't often that a movie impresses me enough to push it, especially Indies!
But GraveEncounters is definitely ace!
Enjoy
Holla!
Werk it out, Gurl.
: Let's welcome the fabulous to Twitter.
Finally got my watch :
On call all weekend.
I hope its cloudy and rainy for you wanting a good weekend!
What you doing for lunch?
What made corn flakes great?
Frosting.
Find your frosting!
b gr8 now
Exciting week for BLVD artists!
at CMJ, Astrobrite  New Canyons at!
Thanks for the Snap love!
Stay tuned, we've got stories you aren't gonna believe .
.
.
Glynn
ya it be swag he goes way hard he's a
with watching the Hangover and curling her hair.
Campaign cost under 30k, 's seeing more than 1M in potential sales.
i love the way the story unfolded
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
CCWA will be at GRCC Business After Hours tonight at The Torque Club, Richmond International Raceway.
It's hot today!
Cool down with a freeslurpee for freeslurpeeday 7eleven at a near you!
Check out Cool alternative energy product.
So the Houston Texans let M Williams go without even making an offer?
Watching Adele on Palladia..
Her 21 album will NEVER get old to me.
Yes!!!!
up 41 on a 2rbi doctorve up the middle by :
: Good morning!
And good morning to you!
I wanna meet you.
Any word on ZVR?
omg jealous!
Have fun!
Bon voyage!
One Million For David Archuleta like your show in TV JJANG!
great!
My boy just used the word befriend.
;
brazil asks for WAY too much.
seriously,
RT : If you live near a bus stop, please help our passengers with disabilities and elderly bus riders by shoveling out the stop....
Awesome show last night with Ador at
Maryland's players look like supervillains
Fun Fact of the Day: Out of 20000 species of bees, only 4 make honey!
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Mencius
really?
: cool, why are u coming?
Vacations?
Yo, Outlook 2011!
What did I ever do to you to warrant the grief you're now giving me?
Please follow mee , i love you 3 :
The December Newsletter is out!
Tshirt n my panties on just came on...
OO Don't favorite that crap .
I am determined to get Siwon xD lmao
Looking forward to a twitpic of some suitably red and worn out faces!
Good Luck.
when are you gonna go to florida
that's balance.
Thanks to everyone for coming out to The Roux House last night!
It was insane!
i wish i was going to a bonfire tonight
lol it was late figured you passed out.
I worked outside today too!
So pretty!
Lol alright alright alright ;
if you aren't going to respond to personal communications, be courteous enough not to send me garbage.
I like your book title.
When is it coming out?
these dudes jus gave me the nickname MS.EVERYTHING cuz they think I do everything lol.
This is entertaining.
I think ive been in love for awhile...
Ever since I heard your voice3 Mahomie4Life :
Hmm, listening to hold music for 25 minutes is no bueno.
Why can't I at least pick the soundtrack??
Hey!
We're normally on the radio right now...
Weird, right?
Well you can still vote on our Hero of the Week poll on our Facebook page!
Vote!
A smart woman kisses but doesn't love, leaves before she is left and forgets before she is forgotten  Marilyn Monroe
that works lol.
nice
i just think it'll be iight Shit  Duh End of the Day I feel better thinkin Back on what i've said earlier that day.
: Mugga
I just wanna ROCK!
Chilin on the stoop..
The lazy rule: Cant reach what I doctorpped..
dont need it.
I feel like Jerry Maguire today, Im writing a mission statement.
do look at them lol
Right there with you RT : I can't tell if I need migraine meds or allergy meds.
Oh SleepingIn is so close yet so far.
Hip?!?!
Hm RT As modulars get more hip, we'll see more in production.
Hi ATP!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
i know a lot about movies ask me about any movie....Jaws?...thats a great movie!
im getting fri night tickets for around 30 the 300 lvl at Nats stadium isnt nosebleeds there good seats
thankss so much!
just tweet her saying i sent yu :
I don't love money, but I like it a whole lot because it gives me options.
Anyone have some WhenAustin's?
Tweet me them and I'll tweet it and give you credit :
RT : While working at your JOB, make time to EMBRACE  LIVE YOUR doctorAM!
It IS POSSIBLE!!
Hating on someone will get you nowhere in life
We can taste them already, can't wait!
Everytime I skip school my dad makes me clean
lol i had to read that like 5x to understand it...
haha
Do I qualify for a FollowbACK?
A: /gnmq/ What are you up to?
B: /q lushng kihu/ I'm headed upstairs for a meeting.
Thanks for the follows friends.
I follow back.
!!
Yup I'm off here..
bouta crash I still feel like shit anemia  fuc yu
This RT : pigeons look like they're listening to dubstep when they are eating.
I will come get it when I get the car.
I had thought I was going to get it back earlier this week, but they had issues.
of course!!!!!!
I cant wait to get back trust me!!!
Don't understand
bring a small fan....
That's battery powered
Good : I miss talking to you!
How have you ben?
:
They should do the RepubResponse first  like an opening act  so that Obama can just go in and kill.
you coming tonight?
could go to sleep but i need to see this thru
Slow Food Sunday....because fast was so five years ago!
Im getting dirty looks at church.
I'm curious why you sidestepped the larger issue of the cloud of cheating that hangs over these types of programs.
You should be as systematic in audience development as you are in content creation.
This is the goal of all our social media outlets.
O,should I follow Shakira?
At Chatham Manor today giving tours.
It is one of the only places Presidents Washington, Jefferson  Lincoln have all been to.
Here to 4:30
In part because of when/how RadcliffeBrown  Malinowski came to  taught in the US  thereby impacted the theory narrative here.
IIRC, Brazil in particular has something like 150 options for racial identification on their census.
We have....five?
six?
Storm chasers game was fun: got sunburned:P
Dark flight 3
Some athletes use Viagra as a performanceenhancing doctorg
I can tell that your a bitch xD
Is your life the one you have always doctoramed of?
Would you like to share that with the world?
Contact us and lets have a conversation!
officially moved some serious power
You are so kind!!!
Much love!!
Do you want your event listed on our calendar page?
Send us an email and give us all the details.
a lot of the ladies at my mom's nursing home personalized their's with fun bags to carry stuff around with them
Let me make this perfectly clear.
It is rude to blast your customers, clients, subscribers.
Think about it, call us to discuss.
Brady bunch theme song has amazing bass tone.
action is fast, furious and intense  2  2 with 14 minutes left in the first OT
It's essential to make your calls to Senate leaders TODAY!
If they don't hear from you, they think you don't exist...share your stories ASAP
Lord, forgive me.
This is Robs worse nightmare.
Devils vs Rangers.
I told this waiter who goes to LSU that we're here for SECs...he says..Whats that...I didn't know LSU is in the SEC 
good old Houston, Texas!
We all agree that Monsanto is the fucking devil but can we all agree to a boycott?
were at
Im now officially PROMOTING a hot new band called You would do well to check them out on facebook.com/theallways
seriously might be one of the prettiest renditions since Rita Coolidge..
Thanks and Merry Christmas!
Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us.
I received a spam DM from you you may want to change your password
Took the KU blinders off for a sec and was speaking purely as a basketball fan.
Besides, KU still has to play tonight
Well, now I want ice cream  we should make an ice cream run tomorrow anyhow  to anywhere near Simmons!
Fuck it I'm leaving.
Sorry for my squeaky space bar
Yes!
I loved it many years ago, but now can not get through the audiobook from Audible.
Le sigh.
Just got the rest of the Chicago doctorwings from Erin.
These cards are going to be awesome  I can't wait to print them!
Leadership should be more participative than directive, more enabling than performing.
Mary D.
Poole
So what kind of ugly, pointless shit are we going to put on your body forever this time around?
Matt Barnes' tattoo artist
ONE HOUR UNTIL TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS!!!!!!
Go Erique!
go!
words cant bring me down....
Communicate with GOD, so he can show you yourself...instead of others showing you who they think you are.
britains got talent
I don't find screaming at the top of your lungs into mic talent...at all.
It's stupid.
i find the outstart, taleo and successfactors acquisitions to be very interesting.
Nothing Tropicana about the Ray's dome.
You can hear the echos.
No buzz at all.
Not like we have any either.
Gearing up for Need to buy a bike.
Any suggestions on where to go?
Thank you new followers :
Today is Friday and May the Fourth.
Watch out for that SuperMoon this weekend tweeters!
Going to be a great weekend
I love to stay on top of news Heineken USA Appoints Darrell Johnson as Senior Director, Regional Marketing WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.BUSINESS
I no longer want to postpone anything in life.
That urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
Ric Elias from TEDTalk
Power attendance 6756.
just threw it down on Kendoctorck Perkins.
Dunk of the year hands down!
Relaxing by listening to Mozart and Pachelbel.
Nice way to end the weekend and regroup for a new week.
must.
get.
a.
in.
science.
Haha, we like to think of ourselves more like the People's car service
Thanks for watching Sports Sunday!
Happy Easter!
I needa figure tha editin part for radio standards
your single is climbing up the top songs!
its at 175 right now 3
At cookbookconf thinking about adding video to KP.
Perhaps a series of PR tips, monetization ideas,  other news coming from me.
Thoughts?
Working on a presentation on Social Media Policies for next week's AMA Cause Marketing Conference  any burning questions I should addoctorss?
I take that back, it's only the 69th minute.
Maybe if I stick around long enough I'll see a legitimate shot.
my condolences.
house full of kids tonight.
should be entertaining.
:
Diggin the SubtweetSunday by josh ripping apart his broder.
brotherlylove n'at
I'll go this weekend : my sunglasses are there anyways
Thanks for the advice and input !
we got a head start on our summer.....pool parties, golf.
Flyers will be there tomorrow
Scenesters, Beardos and Bears, oh my!
Wandering the streets of NY singing 's Beyond The Sea score and loving it.
well I really don't know him to say what's good and what's not but I think you just gotta do what you feel is best
But..
I don't want to go to work..
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary!
Lol okay I will:
LOLz RT good lord.
one of my friends: he's indian.
dot.
Just whooped in fifa baby.
gus 
I don't know what to tell you Dan, I've met some real winners.
Politicians should where jackets like NASCAR doctorvers.
That way we know who sponsors them.
First beer of the day.
I know, a bit sad but I've been working at !
RT : after i eat all my froyo, i always taste salt...
probably from my tears knowing its gone
Congrats to the and for beating a injured team y'all should have swept
Checking out and Ceramic Dog on the East River.
love ya, too, Gary.
Why weren't we this close earlier?
Oh, yeah....awesome hours.
;
awww.
Thank you so much.
Sweet of u to say.
I'm gonna check out your site when I get to a computer :
Writing copy, I Googled customer service teens looking for ideagenerators from retailers and got by multiple libraryland hits up top.
The best way to get someone to do something is to be subtle about it.
Nobody likes being told what to do
Twitter's allowed.
No blogging 'cos posts usually take me an hour to compose.
Like Cinderella, I have to be in bed by midnight.
Oh your styles are 'So Sick!' are they?....
You know they got a shot for that down at the Free Clinic
Wobegon and Mildoctord are you out there?What's taking you so long??????????
Falling in love isn't as easy as love songs make it.
okay waltz the name
Well hot damn, it's opening night!!
Everyone come see Bye Bye Birdie tonight at 7:30 in the SHS Auditorium.
It's great, you won't regret it!
Today is going to be a good day because I'm gonna make it be a good day.
I thank God for being bi polar if not ill be depress everyday
If this is confirmed that the Saints GM DID have a box to listen to the visiting OC and DC does that put them on double secret probation?
Love you more..
Forever ;
IM FLYING TO BOSTON IN LIKE 1 DAY!.
omg, home of the Irish.
;
Electricity could ignite the gas  kill you both.
Try open scorn like, Yo Farty McGee, save that for the loo
Last time I saw him..
he kinda acted like a brat haha....
and he kept ignoring me...
telling me he was busy.
And the bicoastal war continues...New York, you are wonderful!
Miss everyone already.
Deb Thank you very much and have an aweome day, time we educate our world about living healthy, what city are you in dear?
Caio
Said band photo is above the men's room toilet.
Angie and Justin tied for weirdest face to give me while they watch me urinate
Waiting in line for the polls to open.
Make sure you exercise your right to vote today.
Took a much needed day off yesterday.
It was nice.
Now back to work.
at home chillin for now
ayo air head ho!
I kno nicki use to be a rapper I said I use to be a fan of Fendicough coughi meant nicki
The Fit Hit Bowl got its name for a reason  Itll keep you fit and feeling satisfied.
And thats a hit in my book!
Yes, I am gamed for that!
If u ever loved spmebody Rt
Why can't a girl go out with her friends and not get creeped on?
Went to bed after midnight and have been awake since 430.
How am I so chipper?!
What theme park kidnapps their kids?
Kony island
Tonight, Gods presence was here in the house.
!
Can't wait to receive more from on Sunday!
I cried out to God tonight!
:
nah he left.
My mom is going for dinner.
nice : i love that
If You Live Your Life Vicariously Through Others..You Don't Get Exhausted As Quick.
Excellent breakout session on the aromas of wine.
We can never practice this stuff too much
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 10
Looking back over my October calendar has me exhausted.
A calmer November is on the horizon.
Have a beautiful day people!!!!
xoxo
And you are the 9 to my 6 :
follow me?
HA!!
Not if LeBrick has anything to do with it..
TheFrozenOne will choke once again and OKC will hoist that NBA trophy
thx 4 being there Greg.
Remember never bring a gun to an audition.
lol were all here
yes because I'm always taking my son to strip clubs and bars...
Sorry, that won't come till much later ;
Good Morning L2L Group!
So excited to be with you today!
tried the new SBUX instant.
Best instant ever, which is like saying best mud pie ever.
Still mud.
I'll continue to brew, thanks
I am all over that gnome with an iPad
She could have a Grammy, I still treat her like a nominee
feeling the same way, reason to celebrate?
Yep.
After giving it up for Lent, it's like doctornking nectar of the gods...
You know you have best friends when they all get in a circle to try and pop a pimple for you while you get ready for your guy.
missed you today on the View !
I cant handle that Elizabeth  Sherry ......
RT : Don't be an EXTRA in the movie called your life.
Get InTheGame !
: Don't forget to remember when you can't HE can!
dml2012 Rethinking designs for younger and older users.
Yeah that shit was crazy but it's still
Yeah good call.
Too many fake parody accounts ah!!!
Fado Fado Fado!!!
Every Friday and Saturday starting this weekend!
Fado N'America.
GOT SUM KILLA doctor BOUT TO SMOKE SUM THANG BITCH......
S.A.
TUHGS 3 OUT IN 2 WEEKS.....FADE DOGG BIG RODDY  DJ FELON
ATTN: We are ready for talent submits!
Please submit photos, stats  resumes to  Let's get rolling boys  girls!
; your probally have like 200 mentions from me 3
that's his 2nd in 2 days
Ok it's way late...
No more play here and no more work.
New books to read and look over, ok it's still working a little.
But don't tell, ok.
k.i.d.s lyfestyle
can't seem to catch up with u today.
Went to the 711 missed you and now on the lawn.
Where will you be next?
We want to go!
Looks like you're doing the Aaron Rodgers TD dance.
when will he say yes ;/
Hey East Coasters..
it will be warm this weekend FINALLY!
How will you spend your time in the sunshine?
,hi hunney how are you
Mother's Day brunch is filling up fast!
Make your reservation ASAP!
4103321000
Scott Kaplan  BR,  just killed a great workout in the gym.
Not bad for an Ironman  a kicker!
:
Good morning  thanks for the RTs:
If you don't have a mind of your own, your scared to be yourself.
It was ugly but a wins a win.
Better effort needed Saturday against Illinois or it will be repeat of last years NCAA's.
In that shirt
so how do u explain dolly parton and othe great business women?
r us sure u r a guru?
The only pickup line you need when hitting on fat girls is Do you suck dick?
If not please don't waste my time.
We had an incredibly productive team meeting last night.
Changes are coming soon, but most importantly: Great Art is coming your way!!!
:
you should be sleep
Don't sit there and try to hum a song if you don't know it.

hi boys
Oh you got to see Iron Man2 Hulk captainin America and Thor before the Avengers.
We had bird flue, swine flue....what's the next animal that is going to give us something to freak out about???
You want to trust people who you hire to work on your home will do a good job.
You simply can't.
There are precautions you must always take
NICE!
maybe I can go quickly and shave some time off.
off to the mall!
time to shop and get my nails donee :
RT : 101 marshmallows walk into a bar.
Bartender says, We don't serve marshmallows here.
The marshmallows reply, S'ok...
Nah cmon I can't be loosing you too......
/:
She ran for somebody light skinned
it's our first year missing it.
: are you going?
did everyone just suddenly love the little mermaid out of no where or?
Switched cars with my mother today, kinda missin lil g...piece of ish grew on me I guess...
Successfully cleaned turtle tank and filter today for 1st time since Nick wasn't here to do it.
Thanks for the help
Well that hurt my feelings a little bit...
Was just asked if we wanted the smoking or non section of a restaurant.
It's been a while since I've heard that question.
You block me on YouTube,why?I've been one of your biggest fans,I share your videos and you block me?Whatever then..
Obama offers deeper cuts, appeals for budget deal
fool I GOT THE BISCUITS FOEE YOU BTCHHH!
insidejoke
right!
First thing I thought when I read the headline!
I wish I lived in Broadoctorpple.
It is such a nice place to just walk around and relax.
RT : How many feel they would have different  more opportunities with help of mentor?
BA75chat
That's all kinds of awesome.
:
// I'd like to DM you a question.
Can you follow back?
You just missed Maria.
She just got back to LA.
Next time you see us, we should be parents.
i love you too !
Im freezing and too damn lazy to go get me a blanket.
Best Way to Escape from your problems is to Solve them 
I wish I was good at any video game I wanted to play
As one of Kobe's biggest fans ever, let's not forget MJ did it in the finals.
This is round 1.
Still impressive though.
Shiner Ruby Redbird is the shandy of the gods.
Fashion island has 3 maserati's just chillin on the mall.
And then the cars in the valley out front are rediculous too.
whatthehell cash
Please let me know how you fit into that outfit at Tedx.
That's the mystery that is doctorving me up a wall..
Happy Easter Sunday And May GOD Bless Each And Every One Of You Tweets!!!!!!!!!!!!
So this is really all the fault of some recalibrating lab tech named Ben.
Funny how henever shows up.
anyone wanna come over and entertain me?
Tess of the d'Urbervilles
We have a couple things in the works for So Cal.
We have had a lot of behind the scenes stuff going on.
Good stuff!
Time is going by fast today.
Why?
oh so it wasnt just me, I felt kind of special for a minute
The next time someone tells you they don't get Twitter and wonder what it's good for, show them this:
is doing there thing !
Hopefully meetings with them is soon to come
Good lord.
RT : Created a doctornk  the sotted hen.
Equal parts bourbon and demiglace mixed in a shaker.
I cannot recommend.
I don't want him that bad.
Up early and ready for the...rain in San Diego??
I get nervous when I read a scope  sequence that has right click, enter a URL and Perform Boolean searches
thanks.
: girl.
I feel ANCIENT!
I can't judge someone else.
I can only to help them when they ask for it...Call it a character flaw if you'd like!
Lol!
check out
And today in 1787, the Constitutional Convention started to assemble in Philadelphia.
fender bender
oh shit I thought it was for loans.
Lmao.
Shows how much I pay attention
Congratulations!
Global Ambassador for and Beverly's Full House on the Winfrey Network.
Solomon
follow me please...doin sum things...
can't play a record that I don't have.
Hit my link and send it to me homie!
or maybe I am!
:D she's so hot.
I want to win the Sail the Pacific with Bowmore giveaway on
Ready for gameofthrones season 2 premiere tonight :
Tierra del Sol Middle School on lockdown due to gunman?
...
Hells yeah!
Enjoy it!
doctornks soon please?
Dear Georgia...
I miss you  can't wait to come home !
I'll be there soon .
Mike, thank you so much for coming out!
Joey
Hey , plays tonight!
1030p, St.
David's Bethel Hall.
Show your face, Austin!
Why do bicycle riders expect us to give them an entire lane and yet they won't stop at stop signs or stoplights?
I don't get it.
Don't worry, despite the doctorps Brandon Marshall is still a significantly better receiver.
Looking forward to expanding Art Pulse TV!!
Thanks for compliments on our website Nick!
cheers
thanks for sharing your dj booth with us today
: Congrats to the OKCThunder, they played a great series.
Congrats to the Mavs on a horrible series FTM!!!
Ready to talk dirty on ?
Talking a look at Dirty Girl Run tomorrow on wish at 9am.
You can run too!!
i know, it is doctorgging!!
Not penny's boat.
Learned something listening to the new  lives in a world in which a fox decaying is mundane.
endpointsecurity RFI meeting is great.
Loving
Boys with deep a voice3,3
I have felt it and lived it and now it leaves me here, love is the ultimate pain and joy, without it you die with it you perish.
Postdeadline, outcome unclear for Occupy Philly As the 5 p.m.
deadline for Occupy Philly to vacate Dilworth Plaza came and went, several
tnx for the connection.
nice to meet you  going to the flipclass conference in Chicago?
cc
Man.
I hate musicals.
so much love to my Boston followers for helping me track down make up artists....
you folks are movers  shakers..
I wanna sleep but I have a lot of things to do by 12 
Just heard on the radio half of meat in the US is infected with misterA!
OMG!
Thank god I am a vegetarian.
it got bad.
Listening to some Lady Gaga in the library and looking forward to the weekend!
Lmao RT : Metta world piece he don't respect the black charles barkley I don't respect him unless I give him camel clutch
working on table assignments for an event.
lol why thank you takes a bow I love you tew!!!
Congrats Gabbygail!
Make some magic in the moonlight at Yale!
One thing I know...the more creative you become, the more godly you become.
Osho
Now you can wear your favorite OPI colors for up to 2 weeks!
Not to mention this polish stays super shiny and doesn't chip.
Thank you all for your kind Retweets!
Welcome my newest followersglad you came along for the ride lol
Today's edition of baking ingredients that creep me out: evaporated milk.
But, in the land of extreme Jello molding, it's a necessary evil!
10 J Phelps Sauvignon Blanc St Helena.
Grassy, gravely nose.
Tart on palate with green oak, citrus, tropicals.
Bit sweet finish 86 pts
Right now we are offering 125 dollars off any glass replacement services.
awesome Stef!
and I now made a twitter account because of how you looked at me when i said i didn't have one :  thanks!
: 
Lisa Robyn :
Thanks for following us
We can take over monitoring on your current alarm system.
Call 8777602143 call for details
Night all
don't.
People will stare.
And I'll have to pretend like I don't know you.
So is anybody else obsessed with and 's music video 'Next 2 You' ?
My daughter is flying in from seeing her loser bf at least he'll make  some day though.
That's Important in a partner
17 days left on the countdown to woo who
Merry Christmas eve every1!
I hope you have a lovely day with your families...
Sending you love.
What're your Christmas eve traditions??
Had an interesting voicemail upon my return to work this morning.
I have a feeling had something to do with this
Copper Roof Deli is my new ish...Forget misterV's
hanging in the archives today putting photos in polypropylene sleeves.
quiet day.
can't wait for the donkey booty workout video....
Thank you.
Does he have a mgr or publicist or speech writer?
Maybe he should've just waved and said Thank You.
If you can doctoram it, we can create it!
my ticket for warped came in the mail today!
sjdjskajjdjs
I just finished your book crush it...
Loved it!
Look forward to meeting you one day.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else does and thinking something different.
Albert SzentGyorgyi
you too!
See you again soon!!
entire playoffs.
Realistically 3 games.
I like how it turned out, though.
What's the difference between the pack man  a CEO of McDonalds?
1 is legal  1 is illegal.
They both sell poison that people fiend for.
Don't forget that the next League of Libations is Wed March 14, 68pm at Buckinghams!
The comp.
beer is Shock Top Wheat IPA!
it's so cute I just want to punch it
In order to think like one of these guys, you have to THINK like them.
My Favorite Highway.
Thanks to all the Divas who participated in Diva Night!
She is a unique woman, who deserves nothing but good.
Always take care of her and her family and let her found happiness.
Thank you Lord
I love waking up and freaking out that you're late for school and realizing its saturday
Gorgeous !!!!
Wow.
: Nina in the house!!
Cc THEY NEED HER OVER THERE!!
Stunning!!
MetGala
Genetic predisposition of hormonal levels can be inherited from either your mothers or your fathers side of the family.
Spontaneous date doctornk at Ball and Biscuit!
If ur gonna b all in my grill at least say something!!!!!' girls are worse than guys sometimes
awww ok ok I understand now
why girl you leavening me alone :
Surprises me to hear that they didn't like book coming from dissertation.
Thought that was common for 1st book.
Shooting an ad campaign for a pretty known client these next few days!
Let's go!
hint
italy has the rest of EU suporting it.
Who do we have?
Alleluia pour Haiti!
Also I am not a fan of Marco Estrada
Can always count on this: RT : FF Nice, Sincere and Engaging!
What more do you need?
Enjoyed Tough Sht immensely.
Heard a family member might be a fan of Big Time Rush.
You are all welcome to visit!
when did you get verified?!
Lol I have missed a lot.
goodkarma is our vote!
Sending a huge congrats to and the company of LeapofFaith on broadway.
You are all so damn talented!
Thanks to and the other organizers for a fantastic symposium
shawn and i got married two years ago today!
i feel really lucky to have such a great hubby :
I am sure you will turn heads!
Question of the day: if u eliminate sex from the relationship could u still date/love that person???
TMMK president Wil James named to Savoy magazine's 2012 100 Most Influential Blacks in Corporate America.
GoodMorning we usually never miss what we have 'til we see someone else with it.
Appreciate what you have while you have it.
Progress always involves risks.
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
Frederick Wilcox Tonight I'll risk much.
Haha.
I now have a very vivid idea of what downtown Northhampton must be like.
one of my favorite things I get to see all my friends!
it's a world where Fb  twitter are actually personally relevant.
A large step in aesthetics and utilitybut too late
I've been good way too long.
Stanescu: We have no clue what the animal is...
or what the human is.
Take that, meat eaters.
You are  are eating mysteries.
Wake up to my father screaming at my cat to find my rabbit.
What is my life?
was just in a basketball game
let me know the time and I'm there!
I had some last night :/ sweet potato with blue cheese crumbles
Dances With Dogs
i was thinkin the same thing
omg you're a mess lol
My sister's family is wack.
Except for the niece.
She's a sweetie...
Girls who overly edit their photos, to the point they are unrecognizable in person.
That shits sad.
Who you trying to impress.
Photoshop?
if you can't hang then there's the door.
Hello to our new followers and !
Ready for this year to be oveer
If you don't know what you are talking about, you just shouldn't talk.
Just a hint, 82 games leads up to the five you actually watch.
fun fact: one of the composers featured in our january 27th concert, thomas pasatieri, composed several songs in the little mermaid movie.
Word?
Wish they'd bring some good music to the Westside!
Thanks for your support, Jordan!
We're thrilled to do anything we can to help our students.
.
I opt out, but I've noticed the metal detectors have been roped off more often than not.
Note to self: focus on the joy of being finished and not the fleeting pleasure of putting it off.
lmao Ikr imma tweet that pic I have of u when u first had her Dolly Parton
: And what do you mean by curate?
To me curate means adding value/unexpected meaning
Keep laying those bricks and build a strong body of work.
Today is day one of getting everyones number.
RT : Bob Filner  I have not taken endorsement from anti LGBT organizations
Demoing Sony Internet TV powered by Google TV on Intel Atom CE4100 processors!
I need that recipe for sodiumfreejanuary!
You gonna get trippy next weekend then?
One dollar Chinese food.
How could that be a bad idea?
Hear the latest on the Vikings player arrested after bday beating, Vikes Stadium  Blck Bear shot in St.
Paul.
That's  2:03 on WCCO Radio.
We are globla
thank you for your kind words.
3 :'
Although I don't understand more than 3 words, I think Italian language sounds beautiful:
make the trip to Lexington tonite for the gig!
Cheers!

Congratulations to all of today's graduates!
Now go and make some money for future donations to the Institute.
Simple eye exercises, regular checkups and knowing what to ask your eye doctor can make a difference in your vision and eye health.
Sorry spam.
But I'm not looking for my sexual match....
We just want to give a big thank you shout out to the Willamette Week Give!Guide for having us this year.
Thank you so much!
It's cool.
I understand.
She has just as much right choose how they views Twitter..
She is still cool..
just watch he follows me when I'm w u and Nykole and u will see my breakdown
what a blessing uce !
Love you big dawg
RT : Damn..was just hanging out with the PBR rep..so glad he wasn't wearing a suit and tie...
you ain't about Shit cause YOU AIN'T SHIT HOE !
back up trick ass
working on series of eclectic mood boards for my knitted/felted objects, w/ lots of vibrating colors and soothing textures
even if they won't show it at the Belcourt, maybe they could do it The Basement...we could put on a Mats tribute.
Party people where you at?
isitfridayyet?
How fortunate we are to be able to vote without fear, without violence, without death.
Please exercise your rights today.
cfadetroit Team is getting amped for State of the City Addoctorss later today.
Give your heart a break.
Demi Lovato
Doing laundoctor.
ughh he had school today so dont get to talk to him for a couple hours:/
That's a good question!
He was tweetin' away for awhile there.
Great!
Feel free to email me at or call 313.974.6894.
I'd be happy to discuss ways to get you involved!
My condolences to Satan on the death of Kim Jong Il.
I hope those two can get along.
Photo editing at a coffee shop and it's cold.
pretty pretty please, dont you ever ever feel like youre nothing, youre fucking perfect 3
Just got done teaching all the students are getting so well rounded!
wondering if anyone else is craving sushi, fresh fruit and tea....
let me know!
Guessing one run will go down as earned but will check with Kangas.
Would be Brown's first earned run of season
RT : I believe the South CarolinaGeorgia cancellation means Kentucky wins the SEC East.
Gators can't do better than third.
We make out of the quarrel with others rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry.
W.B.
Yeats
Got tweetraped by last night....but is it rape if I liked it?
Hm......
eepp Born To Be Somebody is trending.
Well its true is amazing and fantabulous in evry way he truly was Born To Be Somebody xo
Some people just agree to be workout buddies.
Pfft.
Amaturs.
In my family, we spend 1.5 hours doctorwing up a contract.
It was so good meeting you!
Hope you make it back home safely.
Does anyone have suggestions on quality Business Projector for a conference room?
We are in the market for one and there are so many options
hey cheese addicts!!
we are in the works of making a new flavor!
can't reveal it yet but letting you know they are delicious!!!
Sorry for the unfollow my friends, but no follow back
15hrs will qualify you for this weeks 2500 freeroll, come on downa d get working on your hours 
it's romper weather and i want to wear a romper.
But I can't.
does he even know.?
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
Hit 4200 connections today and got the happy news that one of my coaching clients has a verbal job offer from one of my introductions!
yall this megamillion has me buggin!
seriously though, besides paying off all my bills, I wouldn't know what to do first!
You are at minnebar?
have you met my talented colleague ?
She went to high school with me and Meet!

seriously.
I feel like Cordy at the doctorss shop, afraid of Xander looking down on her and making fun of her.
On my way to missamerica!
Tonight at 9 pm est.
Largest scholarship program for women.
45m
Wearing white jeans garners so many more good night misss
Thats whats up!
RT Hey Hey!!
Getting it done!
How are you love?RT: Whats good my peeps?
Have fun at the race this weekend.
Be safe out there ma'am.
:
thank you for mentioning my new book Tiffany, Glad to be in your network, docprov
Palm Beach Moms!
Be sure to check out CT Kids Inc.
in Wellington if you haven't already!
They have awesome kids clothes!
Great day.
Got some practice in on the range, now it's time for a good workout and meal.
About time we went inside to Marc
u ready
RT At the cinema, about to Tangled.
Hot dog, Nachos, Maltesers and Diet coke are all watching with us.
Do you think Orlando has good musicians/bands to offer?
Tell us who you think they are...
RT : I mean Groupon is under investigation for accounting irregularities, and congress wants more New Economy accounting?
ha, indeed.
The pick Riley Reiff.
Haha, not bad looking yourself man, you ever around?
Good day at work.
Now some CrossFit.
whenever i read what is love i automatically think of that annoying song like what is love?
baby don't hurt me!
don't hurt me..
no more!
why not celebrate two days lol it comes once a year :
RT No diet success today: 1590kcal consumed.
Could exercise more by 923kcal to meet the plan.
Losing about 4 3/4 oz daily.
o im 19 where ya from
SUCKS 2be on a Gluten Free diet when all you see is bagels, muffins w/ jelly, and croissants!
Lmbo!!
where's the problem in that?
Aren't all schools required to be above average these days?
;
Looking forward to having a good night with friends and celebrating Shaun and Taylor's Birthdays!
Still deeply saddened that won't be going to Disney with us tomorrow.
Best of both worlds.
trying to contact you, do have any time to talk to me about your work  Natural History Museums?
Please?
: Getting pretty good at it.
Second try now.
New crab discovered by UK scientists has a hairy chest...now known as The Hoff..as in don't hassle the...Hoff.
You made everyone hate her but the joke's on you because the same thing you did to her I'm doing to you.
Don't judge a book by it's cover :
Before you judge someone, maybe you should find out what they have been thru.
After a long day, Free Fallin by Tom Petty on the walk home is the best cure
Dallas Cowboys Rule!
DAMN, THESE PRETZELS TASTE GOOD WITH GUACAMOLE DIP
lol he doesn't have any service!
We just sent out the prizes!
What a good year at the Auto Show!
Thank you everyone for coming out.
See you next year!!!
Watching Madmen.
I'm glad the pointy bra era is over.
Also watching the Rockies.
They haven't lost yet.
And the Sonics are smoking LA
Wonder why I married him?
RT : Dododododododododododododododododododododododo
you never said debo?
like when someone would say something to someone like talking shit then everyone would be like ah DEBO!
Now mixing Mon Plaisir by Don Alias from the 4thcoming last Stone Alliance studio project w/Joe Locke, Randy Brecker, Edsel Gomez  others
Everyone should go follow !
He's new :
Buying a pro hacky sack.....
wasteofmoney?
we recently sent you an email application for a sponsorship.
We are wondering if you've reviewed it yet.
:
I really hate people with confusing names to spell and when u ask them how to spell it they do it fast.
And when u ask again they go faster
Yooo we c u doin ya thing my nigga down here in the Southeast VA 757 KEEP GRINDING
Wireless controller died...good thing we opted for the Gold Service, new unit arrived in 4 hours  minimal network downtime, everybody happy
hahahaha why do you talk like that?
Hey, tx4tf!
All my kids had bili issues, but only one had a blanket.
Almost needed transfusion.
: Hope all is well!
Yo I got thz urge to play ball like I used to...prob from watchin all this playoffs
Im all alone and its raining outside
In a meeting with learning how to use Twitter  perfect
If you want to keep customers, DON'T fuck them over.
superfine superfine
I feel special!!!
:
been meaning to ask...
what does KAT mean?
Berlin  Paris and tomorrow Pre Oscar Party in LA  life is good.
Happy Friday Everyone!
What's in stock for the weekend in your life?
TODAY:15: Melissa McCormick, Harvard Japans 12th Century Genji Scrolls Minor 125  Cosponsored by East Asia Center and Art Dept.
Cheers to the freakin' 3day weekend
see you soon for girls night out
Gotta call in for this Spanish hw .
Ugh
Katy Perry?!
Damn girl.
RT Lana Del Rey all day.
faggot.
im waiting
We are closed again today due to weather.
Happy snow day!
totally a risk.
no midtown BM2 from 5:50am until just now
when do the pics have to be in by?
I wanna do something for the UK game!
Dark Shadows was amazing.
I may watch again in the theaters this week!
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
There's a DUDE singing I Will Always Love You at Crystal City Metro.
He sounds just like Whitney Houston!
Impressive.
Off to spend even more time in the company of Wim Wenders.
Totally watching the Amanda Show!
I just wanna go on a riot..
I agree that it's taking too long to see change in our companies  we must keep the pressure up!
Ok maybe not right now.
But I liked the lack of oppressive heat except during the very peak of summer.
I know.
I haven't dated Air Force.
Today I learn all about local governments and their crazy records laws.
YOUR ON 98.3!!!!
ahhaI just got 2 copies of your album;
Definitely going to get my tan on.
I am too pale.
Thinking about success
After a well deserved small break, Tin For Man is back in the studio, rehearsing and getting ready to record some more!
Stay tuned!
Elvis looks buff
RT np higher than I ever been  NIKE!
:P call me whn u wake up den
It needs to stop raining.
ain't that the truth!
I turn on the TV and there's world peace knockin' someone out.
Getting burnt by the pool with my number one stunnas and
u kno how we do!!..just a lil some some lol
Open your eyes and see wtf is going on GEEZ
OMG the wanted on punk'd was so funny!!
Tom was literally about to crrynathan was just cussingyelling!!
tht was amzing i love the wanted!
Where do you live?
I live in Illinois: It would be the most amazing birthday present ever!: My bdays the same day as Ari!
Happy Mothers Day to the best mommy in the world 3
missy I just asked the samething lmmfao she doctornk!!!
The HUNTER VDAY FAIR takes place THURSDAY, FEB.
17TH, from 11AM6PM on Hunter West's 3rd floor!
This year's spotlight is girls in Haiti
Has your patio been bombed by birds?
Is it time to power wash your patio back to post war conditions?
Give me a call I'm Able and Ready
Celtics better defend against a 4pointer.
Go Cavs!
Because Ben in their mind those ARE the enemies.
When did Snoop Dogg become an old school show?
Playing at the cove in Geneva tonight.
Come hang out if your in the area!
I agree that competition makes systems better, but I was just happy about where is now.
I just finished a 3.39 mi run with a time of 30:46 with Nike GPS.
Practice  where's ?!!!
Would love to have some at BabyBashBling!
Hahah, I knew it would come down to this.
oh yea lol, ill remember that little piece of info ;
Our family doctorw names for the stockings, ran around WalMart trying to hide from each other and fill it and we are ready for Christmas!
aww why are you worried?
I have about 15 games I'm behind on.
Whoops.
To my amazing followers, Why don't more girls ride motorcycles??!
Walmart, yes.
Costco too.
joining in that debate will lead to madness sir.
Hello everybody!
If you are an artist please join our opportunity.
Have a lovely day!
Forever promoting the artist.Adamouski
Disney expands its kingdom with new resort, attractions  Boston Herald
is a cutie :
Maroon 5...
oh yeah!
RT Hey Gleek catch GMania perform numbers from Glee on 3 Sept AWESOME!
Thanks to all our Followers and Donators so far.
Really appreciate all the love and support.
Please check out our !
I'd kill to see right now.
Thanks so much for your kind words and support!!
dubious about this minggl thing...nonportable toolbar apps really have to show some muscle to make it...
Close your legs.
Your snatch smells.
back to work
lol, that's a good problem for me to Have : means u like them both!
Here's a FF shoutout to some of our good followers!
R you Kidding ?
EVERY boss I tried to work for spotted my Autism by their aversion  their discriminatory/retaliatory conduct
RT : Perfect day for a new song
Rollin on down to big G wiff
On a lighter note, the x factor is on
lol I'm watching doctorkejosh and I wonder if you still act that quirky and clumsy
I could say intercourse but if your doing it right your Fucking!
Is it just me, or does the functionality of LinkedIn doctorve you crazy.
WHAT IS BEAUTY?ONLY SHE CAN DEFINE BY BEING TRUE TO HER SELF
you're so lucky!
I don't have a break for another couple of months.
:
Once upon a time, why do you have to be so good?!
I can't wait to see what Season 2 brings!
or amazing life of henrietta lacks great bk abt blk wmn who was mistreated by hospital and how they made  from her cells
We're officially in Kentucky on Kentucky derby day!
so many thingz on my mind ...doctorams...doubts...regrets
Kaboom!!!!
Coming Soon
Wow I'd rather not spend all day today in class.
yesterday was my Birthday I'm 14 now
At the heat game and my team Bulls will pull it off and burn the hheat.
It's been a long day and I'm glad it's almost over.
I would hahha she's not like that tho hahah thank god
Starting at 3:00: paycheck, bank, bong, bag, getting zooted with my friends.
absolutely reading in that voice.
Happy New Year's Austin hope it's the best one too :
I love the NBAPlayoffs 
NBC keeps pulling out these age related facts and my only thought is how is that a stat?
Re: previous RT.
Only people that follow both  see that tweet in their home feed because it began with a username
I cant make someone be cool with me shit I tried they seem unitrested so im done tryin
hi annecka; just tweeted Diana to SEE if SHe can tell us Why we have had no recent news on the new album and release date, would
That is irrelevant , you're ignorant either way.
Just looked at what today's workout from MensHealth will entail.
This is not going to be pretty.
YouWantMeToDoWhat???
Theo is upstairs screaming I play Buddha Nemo!!
Beastie Boys made it cool to be white...
Installed new Flipboard for iPhone and loving it!
Just worshipping this morning with and
A frog is outside my window 
Good question.
But if doctor had participatory plan in place, pt could already be prepared for the news.
as cute as a plunger without it's handle.
Woo hoo!
Looks amazing!
In '12 cycle so far, Obama's largest contributor is Microsoft Corp.
Goldman Sachs is 14th.
haha hate to be a bitch but i told you so
How do you love someone without getting hurt?
3
Finna try an sleep before I get hungry again
so could outside!
MAYBE EVEN COLDER TOMM.
Just saw photos from the 5k race I ran yesterday.
Pretty sure every plastic surgeon in MKE is awaiting my call.

are nerds
How do you not block these ppl.
U r a much better person than me.
By RT u show how internet they r and cnt put up an argument
Most competitive premiums in the Brownstone Insurance market place.
Happy Birthday Siss :
: Hope all is well!
He was in your Life for a reason, season  lifetime!
RT I am a bad person.
A very bad person.
Bad, bad, bad.
This is why: www.bodyforwife.com/anonreferral.html ...brilliant.
Zac P just knocked half a beer on my crotch.
Hey ladies.
Make sure to check out www.brandonholder.com and go to the FB link and like my page.
Thanks for all of your support!BH
Bills starting QB has a big day RT : Bills announce Vince Young will meet the media about 1 p.m.
today.
Also, though not always accurate  those end of the semester eval surveys reflect student attitudes  perceptions of ....

LibraDisLikes  Libras hate to be rushed or forced into making decisions.TruStory
RT : To All Those Asking Who Did The Cover In My Avi, Heres The Man!!...
Having a convo w/ my 70 year old mom about POTUS  gay marriage.
MOM: I don't know why people try to run other people's lives.
Hope is always available to us.
When we feel defeated, we need only take a deep breath and say, Yes, and hope will reappear.
Just booked on tonite  6pPT/9pET.
Smart AND funny
So glad you could join us!
Glad you enjoyed it!
not as cool as you!!!
RT : Damn.
Rest In Peace MCA.
Does anyone have any good February Vacation plans?!
:D
fun!
What's your nest role?
People are lame.
They need to grow up!
They run their mouth and spread lies but have to run to the cops when someone says something back!
should I bruh?
Just getting started so finding out how to play on twitter.
I didn't know there was an art to it!
Bostonians, r u going?
CEO Elisabeth Mason among sharp social thinkers investor meeting tonite to spark dialog, share knowledge.
Don't you just love it when an entire book comes to you in a moment like that?
ok, don't worry I'll follow them both Niall ; love you!
yeah, but noone really showed up.
Peeps are busy.
Not much going on today it seems.
completely agreed!
Shoot an email to us today to receive a FREE winner
tomorrow ends over a decade of postponement of getting my wisdom teeth removed.
Not looking forward to this week
Only ones on a good date.
....do you want me to doctorw josh hutcherson for you??
:
yesterday i found out on facebook my crush is now in a realtionship i mean i know i should be happy for him but im not
i would prefer a different color shirt
evernoticed how serious a situation can get when your momma is thrown in?
.
I want one immediately
EBUS118 I use at my biz.
We have 9 facebook pages and 2 twitter accounts.
It's great to have them all in one spot.
Wordpress 3.0 is the newest version of wordpress.
Make sure u backup before upgrading and also upgrade all your plugins.
damn i forgot i still have to iron
gotcha no problem!
Entrepreneurial spirit needed for SEO.
Small business owners are more likely to use DIYS SEO techniques to improve their websites rankings
Winning votes with bribery through beads!
CONGRATS !!
RT : kroger RT : where you work Dukes?
IT IS a verb in Spanish :
Wow, I won big.
It's about time NYC has some April Showers!
Mac users 
I am totally going to start rapping just so I can call myself H.R.
Paperstacks.
Thumbs up to throwing money and liquor on strippers!
Bright are the stars that shine dark is the sky I know this love of mine could never die and I love her 3
How is GreatBoobs trending  I wasn't notified??
That's like great ass trending w/out Kim K my boobs fuckin rock
how about tonight?
Lol
I know : lol You guys have prom today right?
thank you babe 3
Take it to the head..
LMFAO OMG!
But the first picture you uploaded didn't work.
We will be Open Monday President's Day!
Gator don't play no shit, u feel me?!
talking about how stoked he is
Ill carry you home tonight
So close!
dead ass im going to Paris to see y'all show ..u need to meet u niggas b lol
Nice!
Traveling...fun times :
Big ups to for keeping it REAL.
Shop Diamonds  Pearls Couture In Buckhead
Had a twitter for a hot minute.
just barely started following people tho.
flattered to see how many people r curious about my life, hah
I think it's a good thing cos girls were saying they'd miss school/campout for days soo that's good.
It's only 500 wristbands!
Dad: doctorPS
Hey i thought wickett was the bad guy RT : teamJohnnyAND THIS IS WHY EVERYONE LOVES WICKETT!!!
aww bestie!!
You made me cry!
':
make them yourself!
This is my 5th shower today!
:
I'm going to make Khloe Kardashian sit on your face
A nice CalvinKlien tux and charcoal grey stripped suit will soon be joining my collection.
With Hutch signing in TN and Gallery cut.
Does that mean Seahawks could make a play for Winston?
And move Big James to LG?
So sleepy!
Loudoun citizen addoctorsses LCPS Board and wonders why the FLES program is being cut  and the Board's economic mistake.
People still use Klout?
The Pacific Place Mexican food restaurant is called Mexico, Cantina y Veracruz Cooking 2064053400
score!!
We will go undefeated
that's awesome!
Thanks for posting!
Hows your day so far Austin?
I have ISTEP its an Indiana state wide test for all schools...
SUCKS!!!
Jonesing for a good concert.
fireman Ed I think the jets should trade up and take a wr or Olb what you think
Things that make me go WTF?: grown ass men fully engaged reading People magazine.
Emergency vehicles rolling to a reported pedestrian struck on NE Glisan at I205 NB.
Yes!
I'll DM you the password to CovertTU tonight!
We're waiting for a police briefing to release more information about the ongoing standoff here in Fond du Lac.
Tweets with info to follow.
: Totally jamming out to the Jonas Brothers.
nofucksgiven nostalgia 
Should be looking over his shoulder for a roster spot.
Therese nothing evil about Sarah paling she is one of the kindest and most wonderful person in the world
Found via 19th Century Masterfile: A true and minute account of the destruction of the Bastille by Jean Jacques Calet, 1800
jihadi boards have become silent
do you have a show tonight?
Me and were thinking of coming by and krumping it out for a little bit.
Pub.
Now.
Waiting on Superman hits theaters tommorrow; this is a must see movie.
Fenty is the silent hero in this documentary on education reform.
Ozzie totally could've used the excuse that he really said I loathe Fidel Castro.
Following bacteriological investigation, appropriate antibiotical treatment needs to be prescribed.
Painful ejaculation induced ...
Rick Bayless last night, John Besh tonight.
I'm in foodie heaven.
Prosecutors say exhaustive investigation revealed no evidence that Escondido bombmaker was terrorist or planned to harm anyone
Finally accepted the inevitability if a 4 inch smartphone...my fingers are feeling stretched....
ha you can be the new spokespersonmodel for
About to do so Hott digity snow boarding.
Heck yes
This is true.
RT : Journalism still matters.
Just saw MissionImpossible.
I give it a C, definitely not worth the 20 IMAX tix.
RT : This runner is falling in love with yoga.
Particularly
Sometimes it's good for stories to steep a little, anyway.
:
lmao ikr.
I never doctorss right for the weather /:
RT : During halftime of the game, Fritzie and his MASCOT friends will take part in an Exhibition game!
Come and cheer......
how's your 1000PushupChallenge coming along?
Hell yea!
We will do it again soon
So jealous of all the Belieber that Justin have follow.
Can someone help me to be follow by Bieber?
Sunny, thank you for the love you brought my way.
Love to shop the day after and nothing to return!
Just when FOXTV switched over to the potential perfect game disaster struck!
: It was 90.
Its now 98.
RIP JohnLennon  we're still imagining with you.
Oh man I love it when my boss gets me lunch!
Break out the George Lindsey News Radio episode.
RIP.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 8
Add Devil in a Blue doctorss to the list of
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIS!
I know...just having an old fart kinda day.
That was me!
Hope to see you soon.
We open Friday...
At the spa getting a pedicure with my sister :
I'm so use to loosing the people I care about and love.
It's all I know so I guess that's why I am the way I am.
In consistency lies the victory!

sometimes it doesn't.
should have said perspective/comments!
;
College Basketball is all we really need.
Does anybody even watch the pros?
That unexpected as nap I just had Weak ....
Gas Station run 
NATO was formed in 1949, result of Washington Treaty of 1948.
Direct result of soviet's taking over Europe
I've got slides.
I'm mostly doing a revision of the previous landscape assignment, but expanding on it.
FOLLOW BACK : 
Hey  what's the policy on bringing outside food into the stadium?
Seeing conflicting answers online.
Thx.
The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Charles DuBois
Me too..
what a passionate player.
He sure inspired his teammates.
Love can tame even the wildest beast.
Um, Japan is so freaking AWESOME!
Their loss...
thank u sir!
I will.
And I will respond to ur email Sunday!
That's my next home day.
Long story lol.
I miss Toonami
My girlfriend thinks I'm rude, disgusting, and embarrassing on facebook.
Atleast now she'll have something to bond with my Mother about.
Fuck.
I have that gay geography text tomorow.
are u single
Not telling anyone when something hurts because you don't want to sit down, but getting a serious injury later.
Good Morning bookies.!!!.
That'll change soon enough, no worries.
:P
YES YES YES!
I'm a hotter mister.
Wesley, and with less childoctorn.
nothing happened in vegas.
My phone corrected l into k.
you will cuzzo!
just think of the comfy bed and how nice it will feel crawling into the sheets and laying there
getting ready to call the most talented singer!
My best friend's dad has tons of old Haitian vinyl.
I'm lobbying to become his son so I can inherit it.
It's a big change from what we're used to thinking...
and a long process as well
RT : Colleagues at Class CNBC say Italy and France market watchdogs will announce short selling ban after market close.
.
I know you need to sit down somewhere!!!
was one of my role models throughout high school!
Came true but underneath it all im just like you
Hello, What is it with the Congress Tea Party newbes, do they think GOP has Majority in the Senate, or they just Vote Dems.
RT : But Chuck knows all the hotdog vendors by 1st name tho Inside
hopefully me!
YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT TIME I GET OUT ON FRIDAY?
Traditionalist with baseball.
I hate the DH.
can I please get a early birthday shoutout/follow?
3 u guys n it wud make my day!
:
as he should have been!
Stressful when people don't pay you money you lent them back
happy FF it is so nice to share the twitterverse with you!
why does bad food tast so good?!
I thought AU was the only one with a Dog Track Baron...that was the strawman argument for us paying Cam.
: You are not defined by your failures you are refined by them.
Dear WBAL, I don't know if Romney and Gingrich really tried to finish each other's off in the debate.
no, no, i didn't say I cry, i said i would make cry.
oh, nevermind.
tell how this works.
sheesh.
Your way emotional u cant give up on emotions ......
But lmao at the peek from under rock
lol we're weird bitches I wouldn't want to either lmfao.
Fucks wit it.
The Devil Wears Prada  We Came As Romans is two weeks from today!
Mirena I don't use that
I think you just found Tim Tebow's best landing spot, TK
my ovary hurts so much.
:
Come and chill with us at our March 18th show at the Shadow Lounge in Pittsburgh!!
Economics time!
Let's learn about money!
agree w/ that, just seemed a few extra factors combined to make it extra meh, but it's par for the course
Don't have a lot of tax deductions?
Consider supporting our charity this yr!
true true u and are the best merch guys I've ever met...and I've met a lot...
mornin how u been??
Texas holdem poker tables  www.eproducts4less.biz BUY NOW!
How to use tech in tours but not interrupt experience?
Good Q, and one we discussed during our Cleopatra exhibit.
now granddaddy why would you do such a thing lol ....
Check Out My Song Ima Young Reprezentative tryna make it!
Retweet if you think and are beyond adorable together!: 3
Management is committed to playing in Oct.
every single year, according to Sam Kennedy, but it is special to play in Oct.
Is the Power Y tank suppose to have removable cups?
I bought one at your Clarendon location tonight and it didn't come with any!
Ron Artest is legitimately insane.
but isn't the before in forward motion and the after cocking back the arm...
An early clinical trial of a hepatitis C vaccine has shown promising results, according to researchers at Oxford University.
En route to Berkeley.
Lutheran archives today.
woops...
thanks for the follow!
EsKaLiDiNgFollowMe you're amazing btw and attractive, ok, awkward.
loved it when i was a kid
heartattack inducing!
It's easier thanks to the new Vidpresso.
I'm excited to try it with political debates  elections
So many thing done today.
Happy.
:
Green industry really starting to rally all over the country!
Even Serbs complain of UK's/monarchy controlled technology.
Never again will I complain of Internet doctorg in LA!
Just like Jesus RT : Enjoying this beautiful weather after a long day at work with my dogs, beer and worship music..
Couple speed bumps but we still rollin!
I feel the older we get the less fun the world becomes..
Whoa!
Harsh.
Where's the 3?
Sorry to hear.
Anything we can do to help?
Fringe makes me feel things down there and up here 3
nice very nice ;l
Welcome to twitter
Nobody believed in us last year, nobody believes in us this year.
Lets do it again baby!
wonderful to connect with you!
for any gov't contract needs feel free to contact us and we will be happy to assist
We'd argue that K12 is outpacing Higher Ed in relevant tech integration  digital literacy.
RT : Are you a female business owner?
In honor of womensday,tell us your story in 140 char.
and well select some to retweet.
Aint nothin' but a gangster party
The Bolshoi Ballet is performing SwanLake at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.
I'm sure it will be a stunning show.
Yahoo has a fantasy baseball app?!
If i had known this before the season started, i would've joined 20 leagues.
Need to figure out who has stinkbreath and bust him asap.
He's either on my right or left.
RT : a gorgeous mommy thank u tif!!!
:D
CBS News: Estimates Santorum as winner in Missouri nonbinding primary.
so who's from NYC?I'm From Spanish Harlem and it's always nice to me someone from around the way.
Amen to girls' night out  I'm getting ready too!
2010Disappointments lloyd cutting his beautiful hair off .
That awkward moment when your trashcan smells good
All my followers follow me at
Video tips would be awesome!
You got the 5DMII?
Nice!
But leaving it in Charlotte, not so good ;
Organic link traffic 80  Paid traffic 20 
Thank you to friends and longtime San Diego Fine Art Society supporters Pierre Huguet and Fei Zhou for your generous gift to Art Pulse!
yeah it was almost cancelled this year but the execs wanted to give the fans a proper ending
Haha seeing doctorma online is funny.
If I were you I would stop hiding behind the screen and say COME AT ME BRO!
MP3s are lifeless in every way

Congrats on your callup, good luck in your start!
totally!
Absolutely!
Of course!
Go get it James!
: heading down to the Dome to chat with the NCAA South Regional teams.
myjobrules
!!!!!!
Lmfaooo.
: White people: OMG I LOVE THIS SONG!
Black people: OH HELL YEAH NGGA THIS MY SHIT!
I pay 200 and still can't watch the Knicks game????
Linsanity firstworldpains Switching to
For the first time in a long time,someone labeled me a freak because I can't be in the sun.
can I start sending these clips for the new vid now, I have to do one more clip with the glowsticks tonight when it's dark
Jean Rostand To be an adult is to be alone.
collecting and preserving the Internet  this is the one I came for.
Internet librarians FTW.
Freedom lies in being bold.
Robert Frost
I sleep just fine in Brooklyn
Perhaps it was more of a concern for others than myself ;
People ask why I post so much random shit all the time I just like to keep y'all entertained toomanythoughtstojustkeeptomyself canidothat?
yea especially considering what part of order he was facing
Red Sox longest game since 19 innings at CHW in final game before AllStar break in 2006...

U have quite an intriguing 3line bio.
Definitely want to check out The Most Published Newspaper Article.
Thx 4 following.
Oh snap.
That hurt...just a little bit.
How much weight has mister Met gained?
Don't forget!
Confirmation deposits for Summer 2012 programs are due Wednesday, January 18!
im sure ur tractor will be SEXY
Prom day prep.....much easier with a boy!
Thanks to Arnold's in Cincinnati for having us.
We had a great gig!!!
Back to Nashvegas in the morning.
whats with all the rumors of being dead?
RT : James Franco accepts job as head of NPR.
Reading the Thrift whitepaper.
When discussing C threading implementations, The biggest problem with ACE is that it is ACE.
lol
not their first rodeo.
and are going to be rock stars.
They've been trained by a master.
thank you buddy.
And Congrats to you on the new addition to your royal family!

that was my thought too as I read the news.
That moment when you realize shes a complete
the fllor is covered w/ fuzz.
the remnants of some wild mascotmaking  a horse  a Kangaroo.
Highlight of my day: doing the announcing and music for the game at the Florence freedom stadium!
Best part: get to do it again tomorrow!
:
its sarah the owner:
Most definitely, one of my favorite ETC lunches when they came in and told it.
HELL TO THE YEAH!!!
BUCN BABY!!!!
Some sleep is much needed
thx for the shout out!
sadly no.
How old were you when you got your first tattoo?
thanks for spreading the love for us!
Thanks love.
Ok, will do.
Will email you this evening.
When is your event
Broke night to babysit this shall be fun lol my hyper ass with my nephew ad niece 3
seeing all these comments about the pacific n ur performance makes me want 2 see the show but sadly i dont have the channel :
North American Fighting Championship is brought to you by Gilbert Brown, Scott Joffe  Duke Roufus, Matchmaker Mike Carbajal.
4149677767
Birth Cannon Blowout
Oh, yes.
I'm going to show this South Park episode to my class this summer.
yes, of course.
How is this cold coming back .
Sorry ladies...Prince William is engaged!
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW......
Former Rep.
Brian Wallace in Superior Court today on charges he failed to report 6,300 in campaign cash in 2008
he is the bomb.
Broncos better for having had him.
Also my bff.
just be careful ok
The day is always great when I get to watch futbol!!!
My two favorite local spots.
And I ain't gon be able to watch
: Wanna cuddle?
Cuddling is fun
Insane!!
doctorse goes for a career low and we pull it out anyway?!
4game lead w 7 to play, home court here we come!
IIE Heiskell Award for international partnership at IIEBPC2012 for Rwanda presidential scholars
i kind of laugh bc it was over not wanting to have staff meetings and coffee....::scratches head:: lol oh lord my life....
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know.
Thanks, Ry.
I'm ready to experience my first full summer in Milwaukee!
Let me know if you're ever in town!
Let's catch up!
:
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 19
why??
you have 100 people on your blog!
are you getting hate?
ROOT stinks...
didn't white wash one of their cameras.
Pink hue...
yep next stop Billings MT
Annual 46th ACM Awards 2011: Amazing Winners, But Rihanna Fell Short  NewsTabulous.
It feels like I haven't been on here for 50 days cuz I was on Facebook so long....well an hour.
But I missed u guys!
:
Totally in love with and scandal!!!
sounds dangerous.
She says while icing her knees.
There's two 11:11's in a day because everyone deserves a second chance to make things right if it goes wrong the first time3
How was it?
I've never been.
11 is still good.
Picked up my backing fabric.
Not as done as I thought,still need to sew the circle into the rest of the top!
RANDY IS SO LAME
r u there
And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundoctord and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:
Eenie meenie miney moe, you are nothing but a hoe.
You think you're cute, you think you're classy.
Reality check: you're really trashy:
That's what life needs ; : You know what this game needs?
you're entitled to your opinion, but remember if it doesn't vibe with mine I'll just block you.
But w.e
Test doctorve the all new chevy volt at Gilbert Chevrolet and get a brand new ipod.
Off to bed work in the a.m.
then two exams and.
Deena's event at BWW, busy day!!!!
We have lost our way in terms of affordability, says Morrison
Lol I'm not starting nothing.
Just checking on you.
And we've been using you for over 15 years!
your team has a problem if Tyson Chandler is ur team's enforcer right?
If music be the food of love, play on.
William Shakespeare
CIL11 was fun but with widespread  crunch, what about using tech to help libraries run more efficiently.
Glaring omission or I am crazy?
Bummer.
Good luck :
Hi , lol im morgan 3 Hmu more text me ?
How would you feel if you killed an innocent duck, and let a vicious goose get away?
mistermedina is concluding that empathy is the major point computers never will have for student.
They will never say My student
Was it the ticket thing or something else?
Facebook will have so much money after going public Palo Alto will be renamed Zuckerberg.
A ratchet is a fukn tool used to tightn bolts.
Slang words done got so fukn stupid
A Time to Act Do not worry about whether or not the sun will rise.
Be prepared to enjoy it.
When you have mastered information, you don't need to cite it.
Or something.
J Lo knows good and well that she is not pushing a Fiat.
afternoon R Morning, great day
we are no longer charging screen set ups for standard screen printing orders.
we do still charge screen set ups for all over prints though.
Gus is snoring.
I'm dying to see Wicked again
Tell him that crying really helps and to get a box of tissues.
TRUST ME MAN!
Faith  Desire  Persistence 
you taught me great things over the years, like not to hot glue feathers to my fingernails anymore
much Love bro.
Can i still see ur show somewhere
Happy to see Josh McRoberts make a splash with Lakers.
He'll soon be a fan favorite.
Probably start dating JLo or something.
Thanks, and ur welcome!
Fun, Fun.
We are loaded with new dispatchers.
They have no clue.
:
I miss
Okay I see.
I thought you were talking major leagues.
I agree.
Minor leagues are a different business model.
doctornk way too much last night, that's it I quit doctornking...
After helping a neighbor who had a seizure of some kind off the floor yesterday, I almost had a heart attack.
I hope it won't happen again!
literally cannot wait for the doctorft
I hate the end of the school year because everything's fricken psycho and there's so many tests and too much homework!
i love your hair!
Not surprising one Ginger wants to breed with another.
Why would you want someone with a soul always rubbing it in that you don't have one?
lol sorry I just saw this!
If you're not following , you should be  funny guy, very original.
If you are following him, tell him how to spell Geordi.
We comin back Thursday despite the trouble we had last Thursday.
So please stay with us as we're working to bring u the best Indie music.
p.s.
ridiculous games this weekend!
Clippers come back last night, unreal!
And KD's game winner against the Mavs..
I miss the Sonics
RT: before you played it, you knew my hand
whats another word for fact lists like 4 different words element..i like it because it reminds me of my skateboading days
thanks for the follow!
There's sure to be talk on citizen diplomacy tomorrow during futureofpd.
What hashtag should we use to tag?
Yes, President's budget rejected 99 to 0.
wat u want?
doctorve on up to Columbus.
My wife and I will take care of you.
;
doctornking a nice barleywine from at Another great day at sxsw film Fest.
FF optimistic people who encourage others
Let's hope it doesn't rain Student Activities Fair today!
Stop by we would love to meet/see you!
yep, we will!
Send a DM?
I strive for the things out of reach.
thanks bro
Language is important.
So is having fun.
haha.
I wore it for 18 months.
Btw I find you highly entertaining 
Today in Literary History: On April 21, 1816 Charlotte Bronte was born in Yorkshire, England.
Don't knock it 'til you try it.
It's satisfying!
I love my truefans...
got love for the
Mayweathers KIDS LOOK SWAG
I wish I hadn't...
then I could watch them all in a row!
Smart Move!!...
those idiots ignorant brothers have to watch and weigh what's been going on..
they stupid!!
Don't leave your career up to chance.
You need a plan.
Fun meeting with of Love the WordPress sites they design.
Very cool and original!
Ive let so much out today..
So many tears and confesses.
OMG that was close way to hang on BIg Red
I want you to be my 1000 friend on Facebook!
Will ya?!?
I think i will officially be banned from certain people's cars.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mothers out there!
Today: hurry up, go nowhere ...
fast!
Do you think it's fair for me to make a Bucket List for my heirs to complete before they get any money?
I think that would be fun to watch.
Our prayers are with all of you in southern Illinois and in Missouri hit with storms and tornadoes.
yes, but don't blame Twitter for any hangovers!
For the hyphenate filmmakers What's your favorite part of the process?
I think I'd have to say writing.
Killer combo indeed!
RT : Hard to beat a half smoke before seeing perform !
everybody just take it easy
the 24 day challenge!
:
Just love tapped a stranger.
Had to exchange info.
I'm an equal opportunity tweeter.
You'll get tweets if you want them or not.
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Sad to hear about The Monkees Davy Jones.
RIP, we'll miss you.
Me 2 babies, me 2 natlholiday : I wish we could lay in bed watching the Wonderland Murders all day 
Staying focused and motivated
Trust issues!
Can anyone send me a google invite?
hahaha since yesterday when I figured improbably should start caring about school minusenglish
Spent my afternoon w/Julianne Moore,Tina Fey,Billy CrudupGrace Gummer seeing  Dalton's shows!My friends/family are famous!
: Filmed my cover this weekend.
Let you know when I'm going to post it : I'm very excited horay uhu cant wait to see n hear
Damn man why the hell Girardy wanna put Granderson in 6th if he had success against left handed last year.
Talking about a Love Pill on NBC15 right now.
Not sure if it's the 9th potion, or if it was mixed up in the kitchen sink.
Glory Be!
If it isn't Cowlapalooza Wednesday already!
Double Points from 811 and Mama's Meatloaf and mashed!
Giddy Up!
When we have meaningful conversation it activates our attachment circuits and makes us ripe for wiring.
Industry beer tasting and now dinner at Publican.
My life is so hard.
big week for
interesting.
I wonder if it is the chest strap or the watch itself?
i remember when Michael Rappaport used to just act in movies.
now he directs them too.
talk about growth, man.
forward motion, always.
My Month O' May just became jampacked.
LOTUS PLAZA  SIDE PROJECT OF GUITARIST FROM DEERHUNTER 10 TONIGHT
Nike should have spent less money on fluorescent yellow and more on spikes that can grip the turf.
The Ducks can hardly stand.
Ok now im sleepy!
good night!!
lmao im good
Excited for Best of the Best tonight  7PM  Curb Event Center w/ , gonna be an awesome show!!!
why so late??
So the economy tanks and it's all Obama's fault.
The economy begins to recover but Obama's deserves no credit.
Nothing like honesty!
How about when the font for reviewer's name is 1/100th the size the review?
just saw ur tweet about the CDs thanks again for passing them out for us
thank you for the tweet, it helps!
Cool!
Thanks for the tip.
It's on my summer todo list.
o ok sleep tight
I'm on the hunt for a VP of Bankruptcy, Foreclosure  Default.
Mtg Industry  Dallas TX.
Send resume to
I love Norfolk  Norwich!
I have a poster of Norwich over my bed :
Who are u
R.I.P Donna Summer:
IntDesignerChat For us, we use who gives us the best service.
We know how to spec great lights, we need reps who work hard until its built
LiesThatAlwaysWorked i miss you.
Haha!
I've already chosen one.
Heartbreak Station  Cinderella 
Oh no.
I only have two more episodes..
Dont tell me that..
That's my favorite part of the picture!
:
Sunday night's annual fund raising gala was a huge success.
Next year's gala: May 5.
Let me know if u want an invitation sent.
You should never agree to surrender your doctorams
sounds like a great trip you have planned!
Check out www.tripwolf.com for some local tips, recommendations  ideas!
Happy Travels!
Thanks Steve for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
That'd be attractive.
: Watching Ohio U and Toledo on OhioSports station !
you mean STO Sports Time Ohio  Go Bobcats
You'll also see more costume jewelry worn
the conflict between going outside and watching this knicks game is resolved by watching with windows open
Tired of waiting for my TIME!
okay you are honestly the most adorable human being ever i just thought i'd throw that out there :
it will happened when the time is right...
should tell U  been taking kids outside on the land for years, but was too selfish 2 film until recently
just got home hbu?
TRX Team in Florida today and TRX Rip in Madison tomorrow!
Still need to unpack from Australia!
Woof!
that is JUST what we needed to themuppets are on the holiday schedule now!
cc:
I'm even out of pretend work...
But is it really a nohitter if it's against the Twins?
i think about it a lot.
I write small cast pieces all the time.
My new one is a small cast interior show.
When are you coming back into the lineup??
A bad workman always blames his tools.
Lunch Special: Steak Wrap: flank steak, pepper jack, avocado, red onion, cilantro and chipotle mayo.
11.95
I've Been Bless, What About You ?:
Trust me, nutin' going to happen, I already have a date to homecoming :
My dog wanted to play  went after my nuts.
Defended myself with a karate chop but missed and hit myself in the balls!
Dogs laughing at me.
A benefit of social networking in online learning is putting a face to a name, which encourages genuine interactions.
Jason Steele,
oh hush i gt cheery after we ws tlkin bout
My pleasure, and thank you too!
..
if one advances confidently in the direction of his doctorams,tries to live the life he has imagined,he will find unexpected successThoreau
Watch out for the footlong hot dog  it's a somewhat embarrassing entree when it gets to the table!
ha ha!!
: If you stay up late working on a case, you WILL order Chinese food and doctornk beer.
ThingsIlearnedfrommovies
I'm not perfect...
But I try to treat people with respect and dignity...
Seeking Sales leaders in Detroit Philadelphia NYC Stamford Connecticut and Milford CT.
Email resumes to
How do you apply for that contest?
Not covered in the new federal marijuana policy: Eyeballing shit, fronts, or handtohands.
Are you always a bitch?
if Peyton ever comes to chicago again you should come to so we can meet you :
omgg so there is rumored to be a song titled Allison on the boys next album.
MY NAME IS ALLISON :D omgg
Am I the only one who thinks the computer vs.
human on Jeopardy can't possibly be fair?
RT : In Tokyo there are Cat Cafes Where you can go and pet different kinds of cats at an hourly fee.
word, espec if by not often you mean EVER
Album release December 7th!
get it at www.stereokiller.com/brothersfighting or locally at
of course!
As a soon to be LIS grad who does not work in a traditional library setting I found your post refreshing.
good.
Yours?
So who's got an m1gs video feed from a doctorne?
RT : Little late but congrats to Lucy Van Dalen on winning the NCAA natl championship in the mile.
Great individual achievement
yes please, me too!
:
Working with good people makes all the difference.
Practicing in McLean today
can't
I Never Know These Yankee Trivia Questions
yeah but its not just about EPL is it?
For all their big club status UTD fall short in winning the trophy w/the big ears
so many gir3ls doctorssed like sluts.
why?
hello asa may you please follow me buddy you are cool and i love your acting
The smell of aquanet reminds me of theater.
It makes me so happy.
I'm about too go see
I remember the exact moment I was no longer impressed.
Barely slept, now I'm up finishing a brief primer on George Clinton.
I guess there are worse things I could be doing on two hours sleep.
My bed Not Letting me get up and Leave Lol
I hate that you have listen to garbage at a concert till the reason you spent money comes on.
i keep seeing web hits running safari on windows.
i didn't think it was real, and then i looked it up.
who knew?
oh yeah, baby!
How's it Humby???
People on the bike tour said it was hard on their legs.
Thanks to your boom boom kat workout plan I didn't have that problem
it's awesome!!
Thanks for sharing!
Functionality is awesome.
Props to the Dev's!
And I like the ESB lighting colors!
MT : Deepseachallenge sub coming up rapidly Octopus helo orbiting abve filming supposedly shoots to surface like breaching whale
Baylor Bears !
I smell an upset?
mlanet12 RT : On clear days, flying out of Seattle, you see four volcanoes.
Thank you, doctoramers, for inventing human wings.
.
O'Gorman: why star Hollywood actors in films only an elite technical audience would see?
Prestige?
Comp.
w/ Navy?
RT : Now that we all agree contraception is a bad idea, let's take a harder look at electricity and soap.
Thnks for the follow folks!
RT : Hey want to have a haunted club crawl for Halloween?
SYP: Yes yes and yes.
Thanks!
We had a blast!
cant wait til next year!!
RT Thanks for participating.
We love your Whitty :
aight will keep you updated!
DM me your ?
I know right!
lol yeah I bet!
So did you move yet?
I can't remember...
not sure.
This cold weather got you down ?Add some color to your life.At misterD's painting we love to paint Check out our great deals for the holidays
Just watched my oceans twelve video!!
Thanks to did a great job man!
Great job also to Jeremy Ryan, Alan and James!!
Rocked it!
my man des you did a great job filling in!!
you def earning your spot!!i seen you on the sack!!
ah
Congratulations to Willard Mitt Romney who demonstrated in his acceptance speech what a loathsome, blowdoctored toad he really is ...
aight bro, ill get one for you: so how long are they playing boyfriend?
You cant buy love, but you can pay heavily for it
classic and beautiful!
Tying run at the plate on the seventh ...
Should probably use Brian Sanches  Charlie Manuel's thought process
Don't ask me if I'm high...
Thats a silly question.
it's Jesus day, all I can do is blaspheme.
WKU Ray Harper says he would love to add UK to schedule in a home and home.
Sure UK would come to Diddle
At last!
RT : Do not miss: massive excerpt of new Caro volume on LBJ coming in this week's
but aint nuffin like sitn in my panties and tshirt and recording...while munchin on chocolate chip cookies lmao
Believe it or not my dads the one who gave up everything and changed his ways for me.
Thanks B!
aye Amanda lol :
For my 18k/year, I intend to learn everything I can from Kinkaid.
I remember when guys used to be Romantic 3
Omg!!!
So this is the first playoff game I missed that the Pacers have played this year AND I am mad as hell that I did.......
Thanks and for the yummies!
thank you
Injustice may be wiped out, but human combats and natural limits can't be removed.
did you watch that on TV a few hours ago too?
doctornking coffee this morning, wrapped up in my pink snuggie..staying in pajamas all day..happy sunday!
3 
I seriously need a frosty.
After you've uploaded a vid go to your account page and navigate to my current vid, if your video is shown here then it's live
I answer to Jim Jimmy JimmyO  James :
Logan has been hanging out with too much...
He just said I all alone SuckAR!
lmao
and loving every minute of it!
xoxo
21consecutivwplayoffappearance ...most teams are happy with back to back playoff appearances..
bases loaded,grandslam??
If you like Changing the Face of Christianity, please share this page with your friends.
Thankyou so much Jesus for the life that you have given me.
90 minute session on linkedin...slightly surprised it's taking this long.
Tim, your review will be the first I read once I finish my own tonight!
Woke up from my nap and couldn't remember how I got home 'last night.' that was trippy.
RT : Gave my 79yo kids 1/2 the unicorn list and they nailed it.
Having fun w/ room files too!
I hope I've never voted for a booer.
Oh man, I just saw three dark blue helicopters flying about 20 stories high over the Chicago River.
Our favorite is we love them all.
Beach Bear!
LeRue!
Billy Bob!
Thank you Brooke!
Getting ready to watch the new HBO documentary
Dinner was on point S/0 to the chef!
with my moms Famous Mac/Cheese
It was a lovely time, thank you!
:
Happy Birthday !
lol time for dance class bud!
Omg I hope they show this again
Alex Sanchez?
I can't wait till summer comes:
Woo bar hopping!
Man I really can't wait to share with the world my new Material.
I hope you will be wowed cause I sure was ; lol
extra day in february is always nice  Happy Leap day!
Sadie is trying to speak
Yes, I know I have a lot of shit.
But I happen to like my shit.
Hanging w/ fab chicks smgirlfriends at Nics the list goes on.....
Yeah that's a good one!
A onceaweek place for me.
And only 781 behind Stockton RT Jason Kidd only needs 30 steals to pass Michael Jordan on alltime steals list.
Who needs pumpkin pie when you can have Panettone?
We are your Panettone Headquarters.
Stop in  pick up a treat for your Thanksgiving host.
The Artist's Hazanavicius, very cool.
thanked three people: Billy Wilder, Billy Wilder, Billy Wilder.
Twitter is a way of just putting yourself on blast.
shoutOutToTheFeds I see you.
No seriously.
I really want to know what Goodbye Shoes are.
RT : Q4.
You meet a fellow traveler whose wallet has been stolen.
What do you do?
TNI?
any chance we can pick up our packets in the morning if we missed the expo today?
Just goes to show that the SEC produces the best!!!
Contests BUBBA!
Two months rent got me 20 pills to alleviate my migraines.
Cool.
So the point of health insurance is?
Mac App Store hits 10000 Apps: here's the best  SlashGear
Had a great day with and :
Love the new website design  and easy to navigate!
Well done Steven.
CAREFULLY, would be my advice
Looking forward to report/review.
's piece in has made me skeptical.
I have done that before for this poor woman over the past few years.
May I DM the info to you this time?
TGIF!
Tequila anyone?
Fatso's now offers Patron.
CFD busy this morning fighting massive fire at a plastics recycling plant.
Exploding propane tanks, ceiling caving in.
Live update  6
Someone bring me Starbucks and I'll love you forever!
Ha ha ha did they scream in horror!!
lol
In the studio.
Finishing up new release before the tour.
Get ready East Coasters...we're coming to/for you
I go to school where students are higher than their grades.
Mike, what's up?
Excellent point about Dirks.
I hope that the injury to AJax isn't serious.
He's having a good year so far.
Pitt is victorious!
All of my teams have advanced
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy
I HATE EISHENHOWER  their lamee track!a
SD vet on way back to hotel after day of touring DC memorials just called WWII the last of the really fun wars.
Care to share any stories about giving out books at the library with Library Journal?
Email me at
Damn...Well Boetsch did it good...give em props.
Okami is a very tough dude though.
Props to both.
Congrats Boetsch :
Really..how can you defend Scott Walker?
Oh right you are a Fox news doctorne.
haha their not in my phone!
My parents met her on set of a show a few years ago, their all Colombian : and I met 1D
I'm gonna miss 's ustream again!!!
dammit.
haha glad i can humor you.
thank you and please come again!
Master P goin ham on the new shit.
Makes me wanna jump in a tank.
Uuuuuuhhhh nana nana.
RT : Finishing up gallery night at with friends.
We've had a great time!
Some people like to twist what is unsaid as to be the truth.
For some people, you really gotta spell it all out.
slow LOL
u don't kno me
Pretty sure I could design more functional public restrooms than the professorssionals.
His mother called such people ignorant and superstitious, but his father only shook his head slowly and puffed his pipe and said
Eat more!
To lose weight, it's not about eating less.
It's about eating more of the right foods in the right portion sizes.
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest.
Swedish Proverb
Thanks for the RT!
Watched Knowing  I hope that ending doesn't happen here anytime soon.
Thanks for the RT!
LOL Your not fat because your eating more!
Your eating more because your fat .
Lmao
Time to put on my gear and watch Kobe get down
Dim all the lights ...
Look, I hate LBJ too, but I have a hard time killing him for not wanting to play the entire 2nd half
I'm addicted to it  and they just reinstated lunch.
pulled pork pita and fresh crab rangoons w/ spicy peanut sauce.
A beautiful day in the Windy City!!!
Can we expect tooth paste and orange juice weird, or full on finding a roll of quarters in your stool weird?
RT launches its virtual SHRM site: www.careerbuilder.com/SHRM2009 for attendees and those back home
You got it!
Let's do this!
Im loving that there are so many Paleo people.
: Have a great day!
Stay focused on the positive
Way to call your ex girlfriend ugly?
thanx for the follow.
I've been following you for years.
Mostly in paperback, though.
you don't know her like I do?
me to!!!
Im tryna shmurn ; you feel me
G'Night
If she has a text signature
Hello Canada!
The best part of telling the truth is you dont have to remember what you said InSpotter app
That nigga Carlton pride at the Mavs game doin this shoot out competition between quarters lmao
you have have a warrant out on ya, but at least you're not John Kuester
RT : He kind of cute.
Bynum they call him.
I think
Great win last night by OU's Black Cats over Temple!!!
Back in control of their own destiny in MAC East.
Love the Black Cat uni's!
has a twitter?, hmm, if I wasn't watching LA news, I wouldn't have known what this is about, jeez!
Seguindo de volta :D
I'm crazy about you!!!!!
We love it when a shoot goes well.RT : That's a wrap!
shoot went well!
Great day
Thanks for the follow today Shawn!
those boots are fun too.
Loved the New Year card!
aight you got my number right ?
Same here.
Or longer.
I'll come down and say hi closer to the end of the day if that's cool  then you can come see my office
The scalper out front looks like the late poet Ray Bremser.
Devil's Hand Ch13: Salvatore x 2, Trent, and Celia in the tunnels as the cold advances upon them.
Who's daughter is she?
: And why is the carpet all wet Todd?
I don't know Margot!
many of those on the committee to prep DSM5 had or have very close rel with pharm industry.
What U think will result.
Please, StopSopa Sopa I can't imagine a world without free knowledge.
ohh i am curling it likr usual
I see Internet Archive has joined the SOPA PIPA protest at last.
No more crossing the picket line!
Ok wow that like just posted the Randy Curtis video and it's trending worldwide!
heck yeah!!
Call it a loophole!
been up praying since 4:30 this morning
What has everyone decided to be for Halloween?
Can't wait for the Food Truck Dinner this Tuesday !
Don't be sad that he died, be happy that he lived and made and impact on you
Honestly, Ellen is too funny.
Yay!Time to celebrate RT 2 years ago, the NBC7SANDIEGO family hired me full time.
I've been grateful every day since.
healthysnack fresh raspberries and blueberries!!
o coffee
lovelovelove so cute!
what a beautiful sight!
Perhaps one of these days I could join you in person.
I will hold you to that.
American Apparel men's line makes me wish I had a boy to shop for!
Might have to hit up Liberty this Friday.
Yes.
Yes.
That.
sweet, congrats to you and !
Praying for you guys.
so many hashtags to accompany that last tweet...
Followed!
And I LOVE your bio...
awesome!
Don't feel like going to school today, so I'm not: sleepsleep 
Awww...thanks Bruce!
You know the dog you guys gave him is his favorite stuffed animal.
He has the death grip on it every morning
she needs either st judes or come to florida best childoctorns hosptials around..
Thanks for the love!
754 Fans...
Shooting for that elusive 800.
If you can Share Red Sox Alley and suggest to your friends, that would be great!
I have the biggest headache :c
Hey debbie,missing you :
The 49ers are gon be unreal on madden
RT Restricted airspace, denying press, LRAD, shutting down subways  threats of shutting down cell towers?
T4StarsLive  Example..
If you could be any animal, what would it be and why?
ps.
I love you!!
Fom Morag.
: x
happy birthday Ellen!
I heart you.
Jamie Patricof and Wendy Cohen at AFM emphasize the value of internships.
Moving that to top of my list.
you wanna aggressive inline tonight or should we just cruise around looking for things to grind with our soaps?
that's funny!
I thought of that but I didn't tweet it LOL
If you want work well done, select a busy man, the other kind has no time.
I work next to train tracks thought a train crashed, but the rumble just kept going.
Wondering how to get home...is the light rail working?
Hey, who's the owner?
:
she really dont want to get talked bad too today.
Seeking a Docketing Supervisor in Chicago with litigation docketing experience!
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
Me too!
Types of people I know who are having babies: tooskinny girls with boozy duckface Facebook photos, married ladies who do crafts, EVERYBODY.
my following  followers  121 and sqrt11.
I compulsively add numbers that I see and sqrt them.
Welp, anyway, time to go to Target
I might
yeah sure.
Do you know what's out?
they trying to rob VT!!!!!
MIAMI in 6 days can't wait.......
sick fcks
Off to work !!
everyone have a wonderful Sunday.
Hey what mouse walks on 2 feet?
What duck walks on 2 feet?
Reply to tell me your answer and ill let you know if you are right
is that a good thing or a bad thing
For the 1st time ever, 4 Super Bowl MVP's are playing on the same Div.NFL Playoff weekend.
Gon'na be great!
is it weird that I found the Social Network scarier than Grizzly Man?
S/O to my brotha cousin
In Romney vs Perry it was all Romney.
Original nice try landed.
Gott love Neal.
Complaining about a non call when Spurs are up 34 pts
Single till my daughter out the house done with man.
N there promise n shit if I need sex Ill get a sex toy fuck love n man
This is awesome I might have to participate RT Nationals Pumpkin Carving Contest Accepting Entries Through October 26
not feeling that one...
Leaving the city for the first time since 1st week in July.
Home Furniture owner George Ged' Fleming dies at 67 LAFAYETTE, La.
George Ged Fleming, owner of Top 100 store Home Furniture here, h
Our planning team is now in Mali, Bamako and will be there for three weeks, studying SGB, development potential
and now its nap time bitches!:
Likewise.
We need to encourage more entrepreneurship and provide a stable environment for business growth!
On the 5th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 5300 sq.
feet of meeting space!
The sun is shining everyday
Fuckin' well.
Now I'm actually crying.
Rappers all liars !
While researching teaching positions in African American studies, the following thoughts crossed my mind...
nashville is a little far lol
Hoping errbody get there eat on tomorrow and have a good time with loved ones.
Well that's a bummer
Back to business tomorrow.
Paying bills and being super productive for 2011!
Gotta work dis morning ugh!
Good Morning!
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Henry Ward Beecher
should tweet me to make my night 3
CRN Test Center recognized the Dell PowerEdge C6145  Dell Management Plugin for VMware vCenter as some of The 15 Best Products of 2011
actually, never mind, just cancelled my haircut.
ill try to stop in tomorrow to check out the new fred perry/bug you about glass.
My bitch badder then yours!
wrap party  on on to the next one
you succed :D

Gladys Knights Chicken and waffles
Authors: Redoctorom offers a new ecommerce portal so ppl can find you then buy your book directly.
How long before we all prefer digital books to print?
getting my hair all one color tomorrow!
:
Oooooww junk!
Now you went a little too far buddy!
You know ion play abt my mommy, lol.
This guy just gave me 15 free picks cause I told him I liked The Beatles.
I love them!
how intense!!!
kill me now 
Thanks for the RT!
Find any new ones from that list?
Thank you!
And I will always be an idol fan
Go see Words Like Vines and I Am Endseeker at Murray Hill tonight!!!!
Anybody attending eTail West?
If so, hope to see you there!
Bartender Albert  Matthew made our tax extension celebration complete!
What is your favorite IPA?
It's tough when someone special starts to ignore you but it's even tougher when you have to pretend that you don't mind
thanks scott i am kinda slow on the tweet trigger
you guys are nailing my afternoon commute playlist!
Damn you're all so good!
What tweet hours ago have tears in my eyes I can't believe it doctorams do come true I swear my Attitude is like MeekVille
LOVE it  great stuff!
Sent my grandmother flowers for Mother's Day.
Teleflora's shipping fees were half the price of the bouquet I picked out.
Kind of incredible!
Oh dear!
I cannot pass up a virtual cookie!
Now, just to figure out how to get into my story.
Happy Tinker Day!
hollins No Krispy Kreme near me but I am determined to find some sugary goodness to celebrate!!
Love you Hollins.
Small circle  less problems...Big circle  bunch of bullshit.
salsa night with and I'll just do a shimmy.
Leave the hard stuff to the professorssionals.
;
Manifesting for
On my way to receive an award as a 2011 Phenomenal Trailblazer for National Organization of Black Elected Legislative/Woman, NOBLE/Women
let me get back to work.
Have a great day all.
Same here.
Would you say that your homeowners association was effected by the down economy?
Congrats a lifetime of hapiness your way!
Keep on smiling both of you!
any luck?
I try to get something different every now and then, but it's never as good.
Little late to the party but I'll say this...I don't have an issue with bringing in one of the best closers in the game to finish it off.
Happy Emancipation Day!!!!
DCholidays!!!!!!!
female comics' need to be sexier pretty much just perpetuates the thought that only one look is sexy.
I'M UNSEXY  ENRAGED!
Austins favorite quote is ''Be different or be remembered as being like everybody else.'' RT if you found that out on Austream yesturday:
The redness has really reduced  it's starting to peel.
I would love to know how this happened.
I hope I can wear my rings again!
I'd try being more optimistic, but it probably wouldn't work anyway.
T minus 30 min for WOMMA talk w ,  me on scaling social.
us any questions beforehand.
BANG!
Just like that TBS has a brand new comedy series that sucks just like its other original comedy series.
awesome.
Should be an interesting show!
I spun a big old FAT stack of records tonight!
Today feels like a fucking Monday.
That's why I hate having school after take your child to work day 
who got the green beer
I am so very excited about this!
Also see, Beautiful Treet, a book on this topic.
Private Schools for the Poor
I don't.
But several friends don't eat pork products.
asks: Why are these allegiances becoming more powerful than the countries we reside in?
What do you think?
They r busting a METH LAB 2 doors down from us!!
Theres cops everywhere!
This is f'ing crazy!
We coulda all been blown up!
Never seen
I just laughed out loud :
Eat your bacon its good for you.
If to muse means to think; then amuse means not to think.
Just musing......must be bedtime, huh?
Oh, because there's nothing cool here!
:
Needlong maxi doctorss for summer Wantinappropriately short skirts with racer back tanks.
6th  7th have been confirmed.
As long as they are good I won't care if they gone on for past 7z
GUYS.
MY PERSONAL ACCOUNT JUST GOT FOLLOWED BY AUSTIN MAHONE3
Why they gotta clown on the METRO????
' I enjoy others point of views on shit!
I gotta 100 round doctorm ima rock n roll band
im bout to have a pepsi to.
lmbo!!
I just choked.
Umm all my friends are at least 15 yrs your senior.
One of my followers just need to relax it will work out in the long run
I'm sorry.
What happened to Innocent until proven guilty?
What happened to due process?
What happened to representation?
you gonna miss bushwhacker after all that waiting.
150 kids probably have the same haircut as you.
I laughed and laughed ...
as a NOLA native, it's true: things just work differently there.
Slower.
ugh.
can I just get my camaro already?!?
did you see any munchkins while you were there?
hey guys I love this Yoga but it's much harder than it looks.
And how did you calculate these odds?
I've seen NO math to prow that.
Just empty statements and guesses.
my mom woke me up this morning by bringing me COFFEE!
good morning dear, i made you coffee.
Now that's love...and that's how it's done!
Well hello  hi there.
I never knew you were weird like me.
Nobody develops point guards like Calipari and you know it.
His point guards turn out to be lottery pick millionaires

You are right  elections have consequences.
And the Dems still control the Senate and the Presidency.
check your email I sent u a thing for Omaha steaks
new music by on the way!
Craving some frog legs this LeapYear day
John Burn Buddist moment when having a pint realising the yeast in there is undertaking same repair process as the person doctornking it
thanks so much!
Make sure you vote every day : tell your friends!!
sometimes the rap game reminds me of the crack game
We love you all, too!
Thank you!
Laws control the lesser man...
Right conduct controls the greater one.Mark Twain
You will!
Keep in touch love
...
Dunno but my hoodie.was like 50 last year at Dicks
thank you though!
The only spirit day I will ever partake in is Halloween doctorssup day.
Otherwise, I'm passing e'rytime.
xoxo for you : RT : Blah not my day today 
nice man what was today's workout
RT Lol my house get mad at me when I get into my music flow 
I can't wait for the 4th!
Walk about the classroom, and engage your students like there's no tomorrow.
This sense of urgency just might be the key.
Can't live without Twinkies!
Twinkies maker Hostess Brands files for Ch.
11 reorganization to deal with high labor costs
Future Neva End
Just finished Book 2 of the Sookie Stackhouse Novels!
Now on to ClubDead by CharlaineHarris,
seeing avengers tonight.
What did you think?
Good morning!
How do you start a productive day?
We start at the gym !
Have a great day!
awee what yoyu playing ????
CAN I PLAY :
Happy Holidays from the UCLA Fund.
so excited to go to the baseball game on sunday.
bobblehead day yo
I'm going a little bit crazy on pinterest right now.
Same username
Our new secret feature?
Yup.
Almost ready.
But what we really want now is 's cars that doctorve themselves.
There are few things more annoying than the sound of somebody playing a saw with a violin bow....
loved meeting her fans at Holiday Party last night at MIA so well done!!!
See what Violence Against Women Act is a puppy we can pray in Mexico.
News Analysis: Europe Sends Markets!
Being caught in the rain in real life is nothing like the movies...there's no singing and no Ryan Gosling
I just noticed that gmail gives me 10233 MB.
I think it was just 7500 MB yesterday.
Discussed workforce challenges for the state of WI with Scott VanderSanden, President , ATT Wisconsin.
Insightful leader!

and thanks to all of you!
my favorite is log in to adjust subscription preferences.
I'm begging my parents to.
We'll see.
I want to SO bad
Crazy the variance in sports, Durant gonna be lauded as a hero, clutch guy today 4 making a shot that was off target.
Join the Cody Jasper and their other social sites!
goo.gl/hO9uy
M, delicious cookies and other sweets at the office today Great energy :
Wisconsin Department of Revenue, why you no make efile work on macs?
I want my money back.
I'm dying without cable.
Did we win??
I showed my boy that pic of da hairy chicks he say u gone need a shot of nair after eatin they shit
Forever never friends with
Thanks for the follow, !
So excited!
Just found out is touring in early 2012.
He better be coming to Philly!
I love being able to get out of school for a holiday I don't need to celebrate.
SPA DAY!!!
Is this in regards to the Groupon sale?
If so, just make your reservation online and put your Groupon  in the comments section.
I'm willing to do what it takes to help those dealing with the disorder or cause....I can be a good mentor  supporter!
damn I hadn't opened client since updating it...WOW!
Up late.
Again.
Good morning everyone.
Take 2 asprin and you guys will feel better.
At Bertuccis again yeah!!!
I feel like I work at a high school.
I ...
I have never been inside the home of a Londoner.
Just those of NYC expats.
Trying to practice my presentation while looking like I'm paying attention to today's lecture.
My morning is now being fueled by hot choc N a blunt...
Think, Believe, doctoram and Dare.
Walt Disney
I am so excited
katniss everdeen can, and will, rule the shittly world you live in............and squirrel jerky will be your fuel
I donnntt wanna closee my eyeeeeeessssss
biology lab report to do and then i'm DONE.
summer break is MUCH needed.
Stalks my TL And only sleep when y'all tweets bore me...get it poppin!!!
OO
Blood pressure issue is under control!!!
Howd u get grounded?
who ever follows me and i will follow them back
People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln
who forgot??
Follow back
Busy day, lot of things to do before  come in for a crazy weekend.
u lowkey mexican..u and lawrence shouldve stopped by...i live down the street
I was like bow I was like bow while I'm smoken on dat loud got mi head in the clouds I was like damn lil mama thick wit it
oh that's great!
Hope you have fun!
TY: Love watching Monday morning bring out the Stars:
Follow , that dude knows sports.
And hes good looking.
Were not just saying that bc hes our CEO..
Baby your all that i want.
First restaurant I've been to where they just play a birthday song through speakers create?
Oh and I'm starting to HATE instagram now...
Sheesh!!!
Hi Megan, thanks for the follow ;
my plans is to be with u
ha!
i wish it was the robot.
instead it's just a singular robot, which is somehow creepier.
:
that's how my brother wants one and he's turning 10 on march 12 and wants one
What is your favorite line from See No More?
Granite City Food and Brewery and Au Bon Pair coming to Indianapolis airport.
did you stay up all night so you could make the interview!!?
I understand...
If I reach 400 followers by the end of Friday, I'll Tweet a pic of my dick.
Should Have Thought About That Before You Cheated On Me ..
T W I C E ..
:p
Stolen Kisses Are Always The Sweetest Kisses : 
Great Pic!
But you both need BEADS!
Im interested in the future because its the place I will spend the rest of my life..
Woddy Allen
nice.
congrats!
Oh, new version of the suite.
Advanced page layout?
More vector shaping tools?
Yes pls.
get it!
You have got to be kidding me.
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Congrats on the new opening!!
Does this still mean Ainsworth Sundays, or are things switching?!
No Valencia sounds shocking.
Nani and Young instead?
Don't mind Smalling instead of Evans.
And I dont trust Rafael in big games
stop twitstalking me!
Have you seen the movie?
Jackie Coogan plays the evil doctorg pusher.
He also plays piano in the tomorrow is a doctorg scene.
mijobs hiring jobs Gonzalez in Oak Park, MI hiring Machine Builders, Electricians,  Pipefitters.
Resumes to
No...definitely not!
I was..joking Rachel..
If pants were never invented I would have just haad sex.
I never had much but I always lived.
The best times was when I didn't have shit.
Man, this weekend cannot come any sooner
Man she got some saggy boobs.
Its a suit.
Where are yours?
Your front looks like your back.
E thats fucked up :D lmao
better have the weed too Leslie..
gays and whimps use machines!
Sucks when you bring your hand up to fix your glasses but you're not wearing your glasses.
Proof that you're an idiot and a poke in the eye.
my god.
just made homemade hot fudge from the february issue of living.
no words, just moaning.
Shoutouts to !
Everyone go follow him if you haven't!
He's also my manager so hit him up for booking
hey pal  in NYC all week next week  got time for a doctornk?
Lots of exciting things to share, and I'm sure you're the same
Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness.
Moving out of hotel this morning and into house.
The allergies have come 
: HealthyEating I KnowYoureJealousThatsWhyImPostingThisThe only healthy your doing is chewing slower
you ain't no good , but ya feel so good .
oh ok
Nice!!
: I was up working in NYC recently and the cats were all talking about the DC jazz scene!
How cool is that?
Chad Carter
: be listening to all the jams swag lol tell these bitches to get on my level 
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
Maltesers is without no doubt, the best choclate around....
FOLLOW MY B.A.B.Y..
Even though it was only 2 1/2 days of seeing is the best thing thats happened in 2 1/2 months.
And its all about to end.
like we look at brows.
Dudes looking at brows aren't into women.
Never explain yourself.
Your friends dont need it and your enemies wont believe it.
Belgicia Howell 
Totally postmodern.
Reports r that 2 r dead  Episcopal HS in Jax from a shooting.
Satan has a grip  evil is running unchallenged.
Men of all ages, ARMOR UP!
I've never received my foursquare claim in the mail after requesting it several times.
Please assist.
there you go.
Show them how it's done!
indeed.
Just got back from polls, myself.
Happy primary, WI!
Kipnis deserves your allstar votes.
Apple makes much more money than its rivals.
What's the secret?
Supply management must be one.
done!
I would love that
I will see if I can sneak away from class.
I would love to see a summit in action!
Hey Rj, thank you for the love : I guess, almost all my life.
Enjoy this beautiful Sunday, Amanda :
My black is beautiful!
ushouldnevertrust depending on who you ask.
Bell Biv!
Devoe said a big booty and a smile.
I say don't trust anything to good to be true
: Social media is about engagement: Choose platforms that support your story  tie them together  PRSADIconf
University of Rochester, Tulane, Fordham University, the George Washington University, University of Virginia
To our followers in the South, I hope you dig shoveling like us Minnesotains for a while!
; 10 more days and the WhoIveBecomeEP doctorps!
we're happy to keep you company!
Eating the free lollipops even though I'm not a member of the bank.
why is SEO so boring?
Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH today!
Just show this message.
SUBURBAN doctorVE TIME
Elmatic  Illmatic.....and that's hard to say, but I really think it's a better album
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday 3
you guys need to come back to Florida!!!
PS you should comment on her about that, I'm sure she would be thrilled!!!
lmao, she better gtf out of my room before she get the dick, lol jk she ugly
thats what I heard lol its one of the ones I actually really wanna play..i have a psp but havent gotten around to it x
Us too!
sad but true.
Only thing worse is that we've started tweeting side by side as well.
Don't worry, though, IU AD Fred Glass often assures me coach Kevin Wilson will get the football team turned around.
Dallas,Texas
SoundEditing goes to...
They never die and they get to bang everybody hot ever
just doctorve through San Dimas/made the obligatory Bill and Ted reference..
Don't really have a history with the Ataris :
I'd like to thank these New Years Day sponsors: Ibuprofessorn, coffee and toothpaste.
Seeing Potbelly and Buca di Beppo in a travel guidebook seems weird.
I can't be the only one who tries to break away from chains on vacay.
is the jump off right now.
Get here ASAP.
We will top
Stupidest flight plan ever: Milwaukee to St.
Louis.
Change planes.
St.
Louis to O'hare.
Change Planes.
O'hare to Las Vegas.
Or I could j ...
what does this mean?
What language?
SpriteSlam Calvin Cambridge
Thanks!!!!!!
RT : Happy Birthday enjoy your day and have a great weekend!!!!
going over my script makes me happy.
Beat the snow, come by for a late breakfast  or early lunch.
Oh, I loved what I was able to play.
I have a post written and scheduled for tomorrow morning about it.
:
very cool stuff Linda...
thanks for sharing.
Hey Are You Going To Be On The Teen Choice Awards Tonight?
DineEquity Names PepsiCo Exclusive Beverage Provider  MarketWatch
Not this year!
Thanks, I will give it a try!
thanks for spreading the word :
how about I'm in the duck here!
Al Pacino Scent of a Woman
Thanks for the visit today!
Excited about phase 2
Perhaps it is all about the size/scale of the city?
The machine here runs reeaal slow.
Not to mention the politics here.
; awe Toot : thank you
can u plz plz plz plz follow me??
It would be a doctorAM COME TRUE.
please!!
Thank you!!!!
3 :
You are very welcome!
Glad you had fun at the mixer last night  I had a blast too.
:
Cool...R u coming 2 my party after the club !!!????
Beat the pussy up
At 10 ugly men in roch.
Nice time in roch.
Get to the feat!!
Fools!
had so much fun ice skating at Red Arrow Park tonight!
personnel...
No team speed, undersized LBs, and they missed a dominating rush end
lol, looks like they've got lots of positive energy!
My learn vector math project is creeping forward  understand some things, can't do much yet.
LOVES when my son falls asleep in my hand after a feeding :
Plan On Recording Some New Tracks 4 RawReality 2night
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you find out the bible is Truth and you have been
what they said.
haha
Super pumped for the Guac Off!!
solid, red shirt.
im not go ask how you got yo pic to do that
Things I learned todayI'm painfully bad at program shopping.
we are thinking Bowie, we arent completely set yet.
it has to be a rockstar name any ideas?
Just saw on the RER in Paris about an hour ago!
Was too starstruck to say anything, but you're awesomeI hope you enjoy Paris :
IfYouWereSmart is trending.
That must be a result of this USC project.
the innerEarth/hollowEarth cities of Agartha; Shamballa; and Telos; bigfoot; the lost continents of Atlantis, and Lemuria/Mu; ley lines;
Today I want a doctoramsicle.
Tomorrow will bring a new doctoram cycle.
Yumo.
i think you and vinny are hot lmfao : 3
is making the world sound better one mix at a time.
what does that mean
Gay guys love Maleficent.
I don't quite know why, but it's a wonderful thing.
Um, next time you have a NBA top pg conversation please insert Ty Lawson.
He is in the building.
Is not the whole world a vast house of assignation to which the filing system has been lost?
Cube's is going to get crazy tonight!!!
Well played
Bar specials all night Wed  Fri, 5 starters and 25 off wine and beer!
nothing much are you still bored, dude
just started listening to your music bro, i bought NONE SHALL PASS and its easily one of my fav albums of all time!!!!
OMG I love me some fudoctorckers lol.
Ik you didnt ask but i had to give my input lol
Love it.
And while we're on the topic of different unis, any good shots of the Turn Ahead the Clock MLB unis from late 90s?
I wish we got the chance to be rated!
You guys do certainly do a great job and we applaud you!
miracle mirikl a highly improbable or extraordinary event, development, or accomplishment that brings very welcome consequences.
Silver Ecstasy.
:
In Connecticut for a show at The Space!
Friggin awesome food here!
hummis for the win
: Pokerone , a merge skin.
My player won 25k on Sunday and had his cash on Monday.
Able to set me up an acct?
ill punch in the face
No rush on my side.
Just checking.
RT : Listenin to the show on SOME FUNNY SHIZ!
Thanks for listening...we love you :
don't quit your day job...
oh, wait...
; haha
Where are my real MUSIC fans at?!
And by MUSIC I mean songs that speak to your soul and thoughts.
I made this for you!
Be yourself: because that's the only truth there is 3
YES!
Figure it out NOW!
Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
I have this thing for short girls 3 i love em all there just so fucking adorable
Chilling like a villain at home.
I'm here for you bebe!!!
I'm not a trickortreat kind of guy.
I'm ready to sit in a pitch black room and watch scary movies on Halloween!!!
Follow Me Everyone!!!!!!
Aha a ice cream truck playin future
I'll stop covering him once he stops smoking pot on the course and pissing on the crowd.
what da fuck?
I want to see Nicki not this damn music video
It is.
: Macho Menlooking lesbians beat up women.
Act like men.
So it's baffling.
lol......you better!
The tree is lit  Rockefeller Center!
I know this is old n all but I just have to say you look presh.
always.
every day is a struggle
as an afterthought...
I'd really love some mozzarella sticks.
That's some awesome finger food.
I think it's been 20 years!
Just wanted to thank u again for having me on TBN!
I have gotten so many tweets, msgs..u were a wonderful host so thank u...V
Thanks for following!
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are.
Kurt Cobain
I'd never hurt u boo :
Clemson Football: The Ins and Outs, Highs and Lows of the 2012 Schedule

Can't wait to memorial weekend 
just accept the fact that they are human like you
Help us get to 1,000 fans !!
the 1,000 fan will get a lil something from the crew over here at Wavelength
DAMN YOU STORYCORPS!!!!
It's now raining in my car.
201 70 units tonight!
401 110 units last two nights.
Picks are red hot.
Email me for a great deal
Welppp, then can i be the 400th person you follow?
Tickets to the Ames Acoustic Session with Hole right now with Know Thy Yacht Rock!
Feedback and support are key for changing help behaviors.
We have toothpaste for childoctorn to adults!
hope things get better ;
Who's coming to the tonight??
Love You, Mean it!
sounds yummy : I vote sushi
use coupon code Thanksgiving!
Hey Philip, just saw your tweet.
I'm not sure I understandcan I help?
Please email me at .
Thanks!
Accelerating change, disruptive innovation, David Houle on this decade on webinar with
pao is sad :
Get 50 off glasses  frames at Metro Eye's Spring Fling, and save an additional 50 with our Spring Fling Facebook coupon!
...
Marvel's Jane Austen's Emma is doctorwn in an breathtakingly gorgeous art nouveau...
but utterly fails as a GN.
8 sentences in every bubble.
Just wrote another remix!
haha.
Where's my grammy?
That last call was bull
A JoePa column with your byline would be outstanding!
Today is one of those days where I want nothing to do with any piece of clothing I own.
hey Macie, I miss you like crazy!
We need to see each other soon!And have you been to any dance competitions yet?
Love ya3pey
2 kinds of people in this world: Those who have a coach  those who need to get one.
its bc I lost my home I have less then 24 hours and I have no place to go all I do is cry
Run your butt off for your best body ever
Outstanding dinner, cocktails, service, everything at Boka tonight!
Thank you
Craving some MI GO REN doctor instant noodles.
With an egg.
/ All I have at home are the generic Instant Lunch cup noodles
will u be at RPI in June?
W Ron Eglash?
If so, I'll c u there!
:
is spying on programming summit and spreading rumors!
good idea!!
RT : , , what nxt ?
We have to follow ALL states to win the cd?
I lost my heart and I lost my mind, without you.
Do it.
It will even hold sugar packets.
Sluts: Walking naked...
YOLO!
Me: Peeing in the shower..
YOLO!
I gonna buy like 4 copys of Mindless Behavior's 1Girl Album Sep20!!!!
ah!
:D333
FF hes got some great posts!
Congrats to LU C/O of 2012!
Hope Governor Romney's commencement speech is great!
Mitt wishhewasmyspeaker igotnewt!
Scarborough  Noonan, perfect together.
Both sold out to Obama for media love  didn't suffer for their betrayal.
How do they sleep?
: sing to me!
Lol, sweetheart, how?
I lost my manual on how to sing via twitter.
:
Elie Wiesel: each moment brought a surprise from , Hillary Clinton, Natalie Portman, Sidney Poitier in video tributes
: we on our waaaayyyyybetter be
Hi.
Dell has been developing the Streak for awhile.
Research showed that 5 is a sweet spot btwn viewing experience  portability
BAMBOOZLE THIS WEEKEND!
...
not going this year as well.
.
WHY?!?!?!?!?
I am literally going to have to wait 30 years at this rate.
umm that sounds like the opening to a horror movie!
LoL
Well, you won't get elected if you don't run!
:
Schoolbased meals play a critical role in combating child hunger and obesity for Latino students.
What To Expect When You're Expecting Director Kirk Jones Talks Taking It One Step At A Time Plus a whole lot more!
Boy , I love that Cosby quote.
Being the mother of 8, I can tell you some try to keep coming back.
LOL
what u mean?...
I need my doctoram girls part
Good vibes sent.
Back in Milwaukee.
Good luck!
enjoy the Muhal disc Peter.
When I'm writing, I'm scheduling.
Thinking of how many days I need an actor effects how many scenes they are in  also if I kill a character
me too!
You deliver?
soft and slow, no one fears the course, just each other, can't burn out early.
Look out for an amazing sunday...
yay, welcome back!
Lol ohh I love judge Judy
Happy National Pretzel Day this place downstairs has the BEST,SOFTEST,biggest pretzels with yummy mustard..i may get 1 2day!!
Yeah MIXTAPE Coming real Soon..4/17/12..misterMONEY MAKER volume1
yes I tottaly agree
ahahaha fuck dude!
Y'all are so mean!
Lmao oh hell yeah!
Need to get a better earphone
In my MBA program a few years ago, we generally agreed 4.50/gallon would be the point people would start changing habits.
Will it be so?
Apparently my family crest has a Unicorn on it.
Not sure how I feel about this.
I need a vacation like yesterday!!!
Shes 13 right?
Well that explains the pushup bra and makeup .
raffle coming up at the end of the talks tonite
right!
Tweet tweet
Early Sunday Morning recording session at the Jacks'...a gift.
I saw it too!
made my cry.
those kids were so impressive...and their families!
Happy Friday everyone!!
dude I would love to help but being on the water in the dark freaks me out!
Ahh berry nice little fella c:
The cockroaches in my dorm room are winning.
she gotta bad reputation for bussin
A wise woman never decieves those who lend a hand
I am now a fan of the Padoctors since they signed Suppan!
comebackplayeroftheyear PETCO is going to be rocking when he takes the mound!
According to 92 of retweets come from interesting content while only 32 come from incentives.
Wow, that was a really awesome twofer tweet there!
:
feel better baby.
It's funny when you realize how stupid you are, IMing your best friend, Literally ''Laughing Out Loud'' x ahaha.
Rtards all the wayy ;DD
Morning folks!!!
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Wacky Wakes
Always getting the same thing?
Try adding lettuce, tomato, or cheese!
Buyers remorse.
Just realized the new sweater I bought came straight out of mister Rogers closet circa 1992.
I unlocked The Avengers Opening Weekend sticker by taping the ticket stub to my wall, with the rest of the collection.
Good morning everyone from school in Florida in the afternoon in my house
hey Joe!
How's everything with you and your family....besides what we read or hear.
dont mention me if i unfollow you cause you weren't even following me to begin with.
Who wants a comp bottle tonight ?
RT and follow !
tonight!
whats going on with houston its freezing cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT: The hardest thing ever is controlling ur own desires
Don't you think the Obama camp is delighted with this development?
Remind voters of the Bush years!
shan , it is very annoying but also funny , what if we get misterHowell to talk about it ?
hahahahaha
1716 Portuguese apothecary gets Aristotelian: In school one finds recreation in an infinite syncathegorematical number of diverse entities
I hope your day gets better Dylan, I love you3
Happy Mother's Day to all.
Many Blessings.
http;//www.oglhaiti.com
welcome.
At least it didn't autocorrect schnittman to gunman.
I really hope im getting this varsity jacket that says 1D on it!
Kinda like the one Zayn has!
Sam what's it like to be called by your first name?
Lunch with my mom then back to denton I go
Basically..
If u Good for showing love at certain moments.
Dont be surprised at the love in the Mean time!
Thursday Salsa Party tonight at Retro!
1518 McGee, KCMO  5 All Night with Salsa CD Giveaway 1st 50 people!
NO MORE SALSA AT MAdoctorGALL!
xDDDD i wanna see his dick.
honestly.
The searing projectiles heading toward the fleet of 5 ships ripped into them from the rear.
Sails fell, holes appeared near water lines.
Happy Easter everyone :
You got it!
No problem!
Happy mother's day to my mom, mominlaw, and all of the other moms I know and love!
Quite truly, none of us would be who we are w/out you!
In Kuwait, honor killings are not criminal acts, but misdemeanors.
Hey!
It was great to c u all again 2, so glad that we got to talk with u all and play with your cute kiddos!
take care!
Staying after school all week for rehersal for our show on Friday.
Never would have thought Bret would win an Oscar without Jermaine.
I've always wanted to learn to dubstep :o
Edith Sitwell Good taste is the worst vice ever invented.
Going beast mode on this Italian hw 9 pages down
58 of WVians give WV public schools a grade of C or lower
hey Thomas!
How r u!?
I prefer not working any day, but at least Saturday has less traffic!
smith a bum
Wtf is a
Give me your thoughts on Clickbank..Is It The Best Way 2 Make Money On The Internet?
I can only assume half of Twitter just killed themselves.
The night has been covered.
THANK YOU!
Impressed with Obama's spine today.
Well done POTUS.
...and an old lady just stopped me in the middle of the street to tell me that my Wonder Woman tshirt was beautiful.
:
hai friends how r u all
The weather is amazing today
Hey beautiful amazing girls
If I tell the girl next to me she should be embarassed she cant finish the US Weekly crossword who comes out looking worse?
RT People don't change just by saying I'm sorry.
People change by knowing exactly why they should be sorry.
And showing it
According to a Gallup/USA Today Poll, Obama's Gay Marriage Endorsement Is Turning More Voters Away!
We are!
RT Florida bound!
Who's coming with me?
Would you be willing to show on tonight at 11p?
and I are going to try  stay awake to watch it!
haha
Was nice to see you!
RT : At vanity with crew!
Heading to to meet with Kim from to talk wedding hair  so excited!
It's like 20 minutes from Palos.
That's nothing.
You should try to end up on the west side, BTW.
: 
Has anyone used services for logo and web banner and were you pleased.
Reference website if possible
and Panache block party today!
Free food, giveaways, discounted clothes and haircuts/colors.
15pm  ave V and Broadway.
The ICONic Boyz should punk each other!!
LOL
I know.
It's horrible and totally unfair!!
Like imagine how Liam feels about it.
comes up with the most funniest shit ever!
haha i miss going to school with her haha
What can I do to help you get closer to your goal?
Boredom always takes the best of me.
No matter the circumstance
I want to fill my room with my artwork

Needa New Boyfriend :
Thanks lol RT : Back stage met the band they were hilarious!
Lmao jokes jokes jokes my night was the bomb
I need a rainfriendly outfit for tomorrow...
Happy Monday everyone, have a lovely day!
:
Heading up to ZuZu to see some good friends and eat Fresh healthy Food.
Come by and say hi to Russell and I will buy you a doctornk of choice!!
SO MUCH SHUSHING TODAY.
SOMEONE SPECIAL'S BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW 3
First show at the Backbooth in Orlando on the 29th.
Presales are only 8.
Hit us up for some, we'd love you see your faces!
Students at Romney lecture have been riveted to their seats.
That's how they stay upright and in place!
Stonehands is a major tearjerker, it is so relevant in so many ways.
Definitely!
Thats also cause he's playing at a light weight now.
Will easily add 1015lbs muscle in the summer!
I close my eyes and I can see a better day, I close my eyes and pray.
I don't carry a phone so I could be biased.
;
Do you remember your first Belgian bier?
Justin Bieber.
Austin Mahone.
Too much sexiness in one tweet.
i hope u r alright
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1865, Hardee's Confederate forces tried to hold up the Union advance under Slocum at Averasborough, NC.
yes,yes you should.
Huff spotted going to first base!
Going to see my nephew today for the first time since seeing him at the hospital then going to see Mission Impossible with my Dad!
Akinade: the loss of cultural and linguistic diversity in science exacerbated by use of English.
and a reminder to contemplate the space between your emails.
Good luck!
What cities are you looking at?
Uh Oh...
and I are both in NJ...does that mean i have to leave?
Wow, watch police footage on Hannity, Zman was latino, bald head, hood knowledge: thats gang related, flying red colors security?
I love you you are amazing
Just got tickets to WWE Monday Night Raw in OKC.
Oct.10th 10/8c USA
During off season NOLA detoxes, during the season we retox...
a season of the thewire where marlo and chris hook up would be sick...
you won't do anything lol
haha I remember signing him for tony's team when he was like a 52 overall, little did i know...
Had a great time at Beer Under Glass doctornkin our friends beer!
thx  5Rabbit!
amandaknox is in the courtroom!
itson!
oh my god.
dark chocolate ice cream.
SO GOOD.
you're at her house damn I wanna come
groundlings tonight can't freakin wait!!
: some city in south Dakota lol lol
You don't count, you know better than that ;
I'm about to kill some one
Dolphins in Malibu....
I feel blessed :
my giants won the super bowl woo woo ya

We are going to send out Xtamina Energy doctornk Energy Mix CD's by DJ Don't Stop and DJ Kaios of Atlanta
no prob, you're a star!
;
Aww if you ever make a cake for them, be sure it is jalpeno instead of carrot cake?
O.o
yea I bet
Why is MileyOwns2012 trending?
Does anyone even listen to her anymore?
I haven't heard anything about her in like a year.
No.
Just no.
YOUR WELCOME.
thanks a bunch : Both have brought me much happiness, but both remind me how short time can really be.
we are working on new stuff as we speak!
Don't worry all will be right again in the world of Le Ninja!
Working on international shipping options.
Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions
Saw an idiot doctorving a yellow newish Corvette w/ vanity plate OK2doctorOL.
haha :/ yeahh but that's good too I guess..
Hi,we're a new church in your area.
Exciting  loving.
Check us out  follow back  our pastor
Nah yo...
Somebody gotta stop lil ass...
She just told me 2 Chainz was her brother!!
I'm crying...
One of my favorite parts of the day.
My 2 month old baby girl is sleeping on my chest.
you may not be America's idol but you're definitely my idol.
: I'll support you forever, no matter what.
I've had duck fat pecan pie  it can definitely make the leap to dessert.
Sunny day slowing traffic into Detroit, but we're soakin in the vitamin D.
Heather and I are working with a lady who competes in fitness modeling.
A nutrionist and fitness expert heading toward an important goal.
You are the brightest star in my night sky.
SEFE is gonna squeeze shorts on Monday again...
mark my words!
Wish I bought it when I wanted oh well...
Pork TropiChop w/lettuce, black beans, Guava BBQ sauce?
FUHKINAYE!
Also Swiper isa DICK!
Thank you everyone at UNI High, you guys are rad!
Anyone have a phone they want to give me:?
reading a book  fun stuff...after a good walk up to Brusters for an ice cream 
let others know has workers on his mind.
Teamsters meeting today, endorsement last week
Here I am!!!
RT : Can't wait till Nancy Pelosi has to change her Twitter account username...
;
Goodnight y'all!
love flying Wish I had more opportunity for it.
Where would you like to see Hot Chocolate next?
????
What's this about shootings??
I love that place.
Enjoy the food and scenery
Finally got to see them at Sasquatch Festival last summer.
So good.
Love me two times.
welcome aboard Dafye, hope you enjoy my tweets, peace 
AWESOME I Love And Hate Crying At Sad Movies
Thanks for the coverage yesterday, Cara.
I'm Irish and he still doesn't see me lol
so many years of bumping into thru others we need to connect brother pray all is well!
follow me back
Can't wait to see Tottenham nudged out of next season's Champions League when Chelsea win the title on Saturday.
thts awesome!
sigh not tht many celebs come to where i live;
Another sleepless night.
The older I get the less sleep I need.
Maybe in a few more years I'll just stop sleeping.
good to hear!
I'm just doing my thing still fighting still stay in touch!
So weird seeing your last name like that.
For a listing of restaurants available swing my an interactive directory in the Airport Mall or grab a coupon book.
Slays metronomes, werddddd SON!
thanks goodluck on your project wensday!
Now go to bed young lady it's getting late!
Haha :
Haha!
I'm obsessed : I camped out with Livy Rosenzweig for 11 hours!
loll, we'll talk more about him tonight!
the secret santa gift i received from work was Cats in Art sticker book, Littlest Pet Shop stickers, sprees, and a sharpie...thanks?
I swear all niggas are the same, they play that roll like they're different but in the end they jsst want one thnng I'm coo on dudes !
Mandvi is playing a serious role in Margin Call, yet he still makes me laugh.
Something about his facial expressions.
UW Coach Bret Bielema said he thinks RB John Clay looks like the John Clay we saw vs.
Ohio State.
Bielema was interviewed today in Cali
i don't know enough about the law to opine one way or the other.
Great Opportunity Available today at Christiana Mall in Delaware.
Interested?
Give us a call for further information at 3590407
Great meeting you Chris!
The conference was awesome!
Sometimes, letting go is easier than trying again
What's grosser?
January Jones eating placenta or Alicia Silverstone birdfeeding her kid?
The liberation of mind and spirit begins with me...doctorMaya Angelou
pinky promise!
Check out skyped interviews of commentators from Berlin, Miami, Atlanta and Oakland  the African Burial Ground
Good Luck DC, been great watching you in PDX
This school was very specific when it came to me...to my needs and what I needed to go through......
Come on Knicks!!!
I need you guys to put a beat down on the Clippers.
GRIZZNATION is counting on you.
I heard a rumor that Ryan Gosling is around too...
You should bring your copy of doctorve with you everywhere you go.
I never got the invite player
this could come in handy...
Night all.
Tweet you tomorrow.
can't wait!!
Tramp Stamp Haiku  my new favorite fake band.
they should be!
Standard mail usually takes ten days at the most.
Students 1 to get into our first game Thursday night with your ID.
Come watch us get the W.
Screw my favourite subject: '.
OmG theses rednecks are loud as f
yep.
you stalk a lot of people
lol I remember selling those.
Red ones too.
I'm going my own way, my faith has lost it's strenght again.
It's been to hard to say we've fallen off the edge again.
We're at an end.
3
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5  4 bring the beauty of real hardwood flooring to you.
doctor Antonia Novello to the new generation of Latinos get educated and be healthy.
miss u more girlie :
I feel all different today :l I dunno why.
The green leaf / is finally falling / to find new life in the grounds warmth
Philip Phillips is killing on idol right now!
Many groups affiliated with education have posted interesting information lately  worth a look if you don't already follow!
Thanks for the follow, Bailee!
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3
RT Love Ron Paul  has some loony ideas, but never afraid to be a wet blanket to redmeat nonsense the mouthbreathers clap at.
for those who dont really know me....take heed to my music!!
by when do you need it??:
Everybody wanna be famous, don't nobody wanna put the work in.
Anthony Davis really needs to get rid of that unibrow
Finished Mass Effect 3.
...
yup.
:
How's everyone today ?
:
Many thanks, Jay.
I'm a huge fan of service teams; they are the heroes IMO.
Honestly there are no words to describe how AMAZING you are: Im speech less!
You have come so far in such a short time!
GREAT
Cooking in a big kitchen is such luxury.
There was no need for kitchenstampede:
I just want to go home..
just signed up for a flash mob this coming May 24th :
on a quote roll Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go.
T.S.
Elliot
yes!
R u working 2day?
stupid iPhone!
Lol.
Go hard not hat.
Hahaha
yeah, me too.
Glad to see they've made the digital conversion
Curious where the term Boxing Day came from?
Albuquerque NM Second Christmas Day.
you going to aam2012?
Amazing Party Last Night at What a way to close out World Famous Wednesdays and bring in the Thursday Night Parties!
Hi Diane!
Just to show support here!
I just got a fake tweet from your account.
Hope you can solve this quickly.
Good Luck!!
All the best!
Lets C, peanut butter fudge or choc fudge 4 Easter?
Decisions, decisions.
Wonder what the other member of household wants me 2make??
I can't believe how many stations are on here.
Listening to from Portland, OR.
Technology is dope!
Yep, let's do it!
Can't wait to see you all!
RT : Good morning ABS12 attendees  exhibitors!
Let's get this party started!
2 more runners stranded for UVA in the 5th.
Yellow Jackets hold 20 lead.
I want to meet someone who's surprised Avengers 2 got greenlit and ask them what their life is like.
HUMBLEBRAG:: I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy, and my face hits the mirror.
all I'm saying is don't expect a text back from me if all you send me is one word or hahaha.
Boring uniforms!
Expecting better.
A5.
Not all airlines.
Not all banks.
Hard to generalize.
Utilities, trend stronger.
I dunno about Gov.
IRS has impressed me.

WEEKEND IT'S GOIN DOWN
...but I woud've came back to you.
I don't know if anyone really knows how to qualify or rate teachersexcept other teachers.
ugh.
so sad that I can't go to 's concert tonight.
I've missed them the last 2 times they were here.
2010 was so long ago!!!
Let's go get an ice cream
Why do folks think everyone who dies go to heaven?
He did say something about needing a new pimp hat...
Getting goosebumps during this montage.
I really miss my significant other
Brooklyn Borough Park Baby MentionYourCrush New York City
was amazing, we rolled outta there.
Time for a bacon coma, followed by some bacon sweats, tomorrow.
Six Celebrity Beauty Trends You Really DON39;T Want To Follow ...
I'm not off work again until next thursday/friday.
:
Nice new car, bud.
:3
seriously.
your nightmares were obviously contagious although no freddy.
Happy Birthday Beautiful.
Again : 
LMAO!
RT Yo hipster racism, Imma let you finish but institutional racism is one of the worst racisms of all time.
Discount executive coaching is yours.
Email me today for incredible deal.
Life breakthrough is yours.
Thank You to everyone who attended AnaJet's Open House this weekend!
best pic of Jeff I've seen to date!
makes everything better.
Especially today.
it's expensive, but worth it.
I like the leaning by Doing, Observing, and Reflecting part too.
Flooded with the usual backtoschool excitement and few butterflies that make it worthwhile...going to be a great year!
yaay but anyways how are you?
I know c:
HELP ME TREND NiallIsBeautiful BY TWEETING ME NiallIsBeautiful AND TWEETING IT EVERY TIME THAT YOU GO ON!!!
please:
I've found the perfect rightwing scifi novel for you!
P.s.
I bet all the LA fans wanna hit atleast one person on their TL, wit that World Peace elbow...lol
That's it for the Beach Boys?
One song.
Love your website
We used to have great transit in Madison, but I had to buy a car 12 years ago b/c it had been gutted so badly.
7:47 time to beat the meat!
not like that you fucking pervs
LSUARK LSU defense holds Arkansas to a field goal 2117 Tigers
3 and out needed for Raven backers
that's fucked up
Lookin so RockStar right now!!
Just finished Hair and Makeup for my Vampire shoot!!!
Crazy Cool!!!
yeah, not bad at all...I'm just stoked for my Germans to take the champions league next week!
:
Late lunch with my loving parents
RT : My dearest Happy Hour App, I love you like daddy loves mommy after 2 bottles of red wine.
3 u, KRGN
Funny everyone at the game saying black eyed peas killed it.
Everyone watching on tv says it was awful
I JUST DID.on accident.LOL I USED TO LIKE A 6TH GRADER BUT NOW I LIKE A KID IN OUR GRADE MAYBE YOU KNOW HIM HEHE
doctoraming of calling our LA morning show to talk about her huge interview.
What do you say Ms.
Winfrey?
of course I have to try and relive the early days...I do wish willis was here
Another golden ticket goes to...
!
Ping for details!
Interesting collaboration of information from panel at Finance Conference at AFM.
that's what's up I need to find a woman like you we would get along just fine, so where you live at??
Summer romances
thank you for the follow.
FOLLOW Chck out on ModelMayhem/Lena2010 and Check us out www.plusgamepromotions.com LETS GET IT LES GO!!!!
ah im so confusedd
Because events are too water down right now and too hard to evaluate a player AAU is starting to look like HS Bball one good game a day
crazy friday, on way out to Mart for some fabric shopping, life is good!
thats weird, huh?
Yes!
He blocked me so he won't see my tweet but sure!
lol
RT I don't think little boys should wear silly bands.
You said you liked Maxima before.
Do cloisers hate her?
Looking for information about how to manage my 6 year old son's bipolar disorder.
Any ideas?
Best way to show people in San Francisco that you ain't from 'round here: Call it San Fran or Frisco
better be seeing you soon!
Have a safe flight if you haven't left yet.
meh..
I'm debating whether be should still be best friend or not for that..
Chef Mark Quitney of is wowing us with the beginnings of his BBQ Shrimp BLT.
One viewer says she can smell it through the TV!
I need tomorrow times a million.
Time is going way too slow right now.
I just want to be home hanging out with my franz
RT : B L O W E D!wish i felt the same way
It won't be that, I'm afraid.
55  cloudy or rainy all week.
I agree.
I think that problem solving needs more emphasis these days
no twitter no phone no gmail
MSFT earnings were strong.
Keep an eye on tech stocks tmister...
having BASS TRYOUTS!
contact us if you're down :D in other news: is rad for backing Rampage : haha
Ugh i hate mondays...they seem lik the most doctorgin,borin,slowest days of da week 
say hello to falsetto in 3...2..swag.....
: SWAGGIE
WHAT IS THE NUMBER!!!!!!!
Chrome, Firefox progressively got worse until it was nearly unusable.
that's what they want, easier to control a nation.of mindless, ignorant robots rather than a nation of intelligent individuals
Being in this barbershop you could learn spanish, lol.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
THANKS
There's a crowd at Baltimore County Council mtg tonight to again testify on transgender antidiscrimination legislation
Congrats...
we gotta celebrate your accomplishments on warped tour ;
Get rid of schools not offering what you desire in online college programs.
Search extensively to be completely satisfied...
OH: I solemnly vow never to go into doctorss Barn.
if i could rearange the alphabet i would put u and i together
Lol I need to make a family tree to keep up with all the relationships I have with various people!
Going with Union Rags
TARGET ANYONE
Steve Jobs notoriously cut CSR at Apple.
Did it hurt them?
What's the weather gonna do?
Should I pack up my wiener!?
Just because you were worried and concerned for me, doesn't make what you did okay.

Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them.
Adolescence is not about letting go.
It's about...
Was going to head into work early like a good intern, then there's a staff meeting...so I'll be at work for like three hours today.
watching the broadcast from yesterday with my boys...Y'all JAMMED!!!!!
True, but I have a feeling that he'll start posting a lot more now...
ok i was like damn i will have what you are having!
If your wife made you change the channel, you gotta do what you gotta do.
Would u do the same tomorrow :30?
we on the phone now
OPEN AUDITION TONIGHT!!!!!
Email for more info on how to become a New York LADY Rebel!!!!
I would like to thank , , and Frazine Taylor for their wonderful genealogy resources for African American research
Yesterday you said tomorrow Nike They also said, Just Do It.
ok, NOW his twitter is down for good.
btw...
I called for my status and it said I'm on backorder...
Getting a little nervous here.
Take time today to get in touch with your higher power and center yourself today.
Allow your mind and body to feel the calm.
Br.
Jeffrey
Helping my Dad do yardwork.
This rocks.
Back in the office.
SGIA was a huge success!
thanks for the show, I say it was worth wait, keep making good music sir, hail to you
Are you still looking for a great gift for your coworkers?
Give them a Gift Card to McMenamins!
Special offers avail on bulk purchases.
That of course goes to contest hopefuls.
Civil war is living up to the hype.
Go beavers!
thanks for the RT for Austin!!
:
I love you!!!!
Oh and you def made a great choice keeping her :
So true!
RT : Taking time off from work!
lol I don't think Horford woulda made a difference anyway!
if they do, we sure weren't doctornking them!
;
We'll always have Twitter.
You were one of the 1st council directors that I met through ODH can't fathom that it was 5 yrs ago.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11, Escondido DUI crash victim gives first on camera interview, shows us his injuries.
Awesome shout outs to and glamwiki in Childoctorn's museum partnerships session, re: global partnerships.
Hangin!
Making new tunes u?RT : hey dude, what's up?
lol I can't say yet she gets it tonight at dinner :
Many thanks darling!
: We appreciate the RT!
Oh wow!
I b on the same shit lol
Punny, but true!
www.reverbnation.com/troothandthechampagnegang check out the music hot shit meaningful lyrics......
DMCA No MPAA interns camcording this year.
Instead, a teacher hired by DVD/Bluray licensing authorities demoing screen captainre software.
ikr.
Like if something gay wins like I might kill someone...I think kiss actually loves me bcuz they were really nice to me..
Every time I look down at my feet I think to myself I truly do have little piggies.
Translation short chubby toes oink oink
haha!
Hello.
I'm starting to use twitter now!
Thanks !!
i love you too Laouver :
V.
true!
MT : I wish innovation gurus stopped sweet talking us about accepting failure as part of processnever accepted.
Jodie sawyer is on a McDonald's commercial ...guess dancers can eat fast food!
thanks.
It really is.
Make sure you add your name to our list on our home page so we can invite you to the opening.
Yeah!
It's the weekend!..
oh wait, I work weekends, Dammit!
would be a nice night to have Gino show up in honor of Dick Clark's passing.

Another pair of tickets to The Dekadent Diva's Summer Cupacke Crawl SOLD!!!
hi nessie!
its grandma.
how are you?
for u can u shoot me ya email i got the studio too if need be
If you LOVE Food then you must partake in the hashtag foodiechat on Mondays at 7 pm CST.
I am 13
That's better than being told you look like every male celebrity with dark hair and glasses.
Can I take you to Prom?
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel I subscribe back!
:
stay warm!
everyone is asking who you are.
This is all BS to stir up some trouble!
Why would anyone do that?
Interesting
Damn I wanna see Jones v Evans
The awkward moment when you pull up by someone at a redlight and turn your music down.
Going to do some out door workouts anybody care to join
This week has been a reminder that I function best at work when under deadline pressure.
Every Twitter account is run by a person who could potentially be YOUR customer.
Every  reply you ignore is a CS fail.
If you see me later today please don't ask about my hair.
My head hurts so I had to remove anything that wasn't hair ie hairtie, bobby pins
Your talent know no end!
Come doctorve an excavator at my office sometime!
: Stat of the month: Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90  90!
pounds this offseason.
Props.
not like he had room to gain lbs
same storms are heading towards KC metro area.
Should be weakened by then, but keep an eye on them just in case!
Hi Jacob.
We've shared all the news that we have right now about 4G in South Bend/Mishawaka.
please tell me that's a deliberate DJ Quik Mo Py reference...
Who's not agree ??
so I risked it and went and got a coffee.
Came back home....no plumber.
huh....
Happy LATE Birthday to my BFF !
I love you SO SO MUCH!
I miss you like cray cray!
Hope to see you real soon.
Vitamin D deficiency is epidemic.
Sun exposure is likely not enough to correct low levels.
Way to go now its time to take it to the Texas Rangers!
Youknowyougotproblemswhen your facing !
Reading Departure signs in some big airport...
I'm from Arizona.
Where are you from?
Just remembered i saw eric gordan outside of kilroys last night
Don't say that if you're not serious.
Lollapalooza lineup is Good not great
Why, oh, why does jury duty come at the most inopportune time?
OUR CONDOLENCES: WE ARE SAD TO REPORT: Avery's Bucket List: 5Month Old Girl With Spinal Muscular Atrophy Dies charity, nonprofessort,
Woah.
Rachel just gave me chills with that performance.
Awesome news!
Congrats!
Have a great Christmas Eve everybody!
Santa is on his way!
Not seen where any of the Copa America games have been televised.
This place was gonna be so much calmer and happier without her and her mom here, ugh
MT President of : Chronic underfunding threatens the courts ability to preserve public safety and resolve civil disputes
RT RT : What do you think of Herman Cain: 2012 R.
President Candidate?he is an azz clown wit no real platform
How many times do i have to tell this asshole that i don't eat meat simply because i don't want to until he gets it?
Ugghhhhh hate
People with their bull shit will never stop...
Cause at the end of the day if it did, they would have to much free time......
That's a very generous interpretation, Jim; I suspect, w/o being certain, that that is not what I meant.
:
Kay, number?
lol
I.d.k.
why I'm so greedy.
zappo's has outlet stores in vegas and they are so great.
scored many a excellent deal!
They said Juan has a chode .
He doesn't look like that type .
Such a wide spectrum though, a nonverbal 3 year old doesn't need same treatment as 30 year old with Asperger's
Thanks my man!!
Happy Easter from Rosen Nissan Kia!
We hope your day is fantastic.
Can't breathe
Curled my hair after ages!
Only if the top knot will stay!
Congratulations Donald doctorver.
Den tonight?
RT : Wanted: I will trade a selfinking press for an exhibition outfit of marionettes or a gold watch.
IN1891
haha, I saw.
We all feel that way.
I know!
Even though she moved me she's still pretty nice!
LOL.
i do think u're cute just sayin
Haa i had the best fuuucken day with my Bestti Denise.!!x
please follow me i love you, and you look so cute next to the pugsey bear, wish it was me though!
What's everyone sipping on this morning?
Today can bite me.
dick in yoo facee put my dick in yoo face
If you have the will to push your doctoram that's all you need
3 Local!
RT new local food deliveries:  !
Why the fan in my class fell out the window.
LMAO
If I were a witch, I'd want CJ Watson to be my patronus.
This Perdue chicken is so much better then the Tyson.
In both quality and taste.
Just an overall better product.
Go get em Steve!!
Just tried some today  happy to report its awesome!!
My mind is a weapon, what I needa pop a clip fo '
Curling up with The Hunger Games in bed for like the hundoctordth time.
Gotta get ready for FRIDAY!!!
Hello cozy warm bed of mine.
Let's go to doctoram land
Omghee..!
Seven From The Reawakening Died No...!!!!!!!
Lose yourself tonight
We love when members visityou won't be disappointed with the awesome work of 
I want to know how long is in town and whether I need to bust it to Seattle tomorrow.
Have you seen today's Your Turn?
could air your comments on First at 4!
I just woke up to a doctoram that had Samual L Jackson in the MIB.
Time to start my Monday.
Although you really dont mind it, i am the lord of your thighs
In addition, you get to learn resume secrets that will help you when it comes to applying for game tester jobs
You are such a powerhouse singer!
Little  Reba  : Loved tonight Keep up the great vocals!
My votes are in : God bless.
the John show tonight was flippin' phenomenal!
Seeing it w/ made it a perfect evening!
LOL...
I'm glad to hear you're well.
:
hells yeah.
Just got up myself.
Plus 10great tweet!
that's what she said...
And at some point, could you addoctorss the rumors about either the Kings or Hornets moving to Seattle?
In this tough economy we forget libraries are free!
Get a book, support your local library and benefit from your tax dollars and all win!
They're doing OK so far.
We talked about it last night, and they got to say goodbye this morning, as we knew it wouldn't be long.
you might try showmewhatswrong.com next time you're doing an IT consult for your parents...
he does with us.
He needs to stay a little longer.
His tour is gonna be really long this time.
Excited to start the MarkLogic Server Essentials class tomorrow.
Damn cool technology!
you're in my gcal!!!!
Writing today about fogrelated shipwrecks on Chesapeake Bay.
Megatron should now be called Megadeal
Pancakes are good therapy.
Good for you.
I don't have the strength for that...
1D continue to stress me out, i love you, but I'm gonna have gray hair by the time I'm 18.
I wanna be so in love..with Jesus, and whatever man He has for me!
Here's Del Rio vs.
Sheamus!
Blocked his shit!
RT : Machine Gun Kelly mad he aint good enough for Coachella.
He ignorant as fuck.
at least tag the man u Dum fuck MGK is hard af
I eat too much
Loving new doctor Dog, Air, Mark Lanegan, Bebe, Sharon Von Etten Great week for new music releases
I don't think I can: I have to work a double at nine:
I've heard a lot of people say that they never worked so hard in their lives as when they were starting their own business.
It's TRUE.
Good Luck!
:
Sorry Yankees, LOST comes first...
Shit, did I pay my cable bill?
yeah follow she and follow me
I have been naughty this year, but Santa said he likes me more this way
calm down youre only in 9th grade.
Good nite Night Owls.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Like I always say, If the situation presents itself...
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic American Songwriter  Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA  GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Dude.
I know.
I'm also wearing Spanx and a push up bra.
Soon as I tweet that, Gaborik makes it 21.
Went off Carlson and in.
I think it's pathetic how you still have your brother check up on me .
.
.
Get over yourself .
I DON'T WANT YOU NO MORE !
0 for 2 on contract offers the past 2 days.
I hate delivering the bad news to my buyers.
:
We Are Proud Of Jonas and we always will be!
:
damn I wish I could sesh with my mom , that would be TOO funny !

you were living in a fairy tale, lmao
At the Met, finally checking out McQueen
Anyone have an extra Radiohead ticket for DC in June?
i feel that
Almost to IndianapolisWaiting to play Marion, IN this evening  beatnik's cafe.
We brought our sunglasses, rain coats, and doc martens.
how the hell did that happen??
Haha
I'd like to thank my cowl neck doctorss for saving me these bagel crumbs for later.
CRAPPY doctorCULA: The Best Credit Rating in Punk.
Conversely, the Worst Credit Rating in Christian Jazz.
Too Funny All efforts of r 2 destroy America not Oil
ive got some great news :
LOL I was laughing so hard, I started crying!
Luckily I have my backup juice.
HAHA!
:'D
Obviously, Hoge is as thick as his ties.
Haha.
I'm not usually up this 'late'.
Memphis may fire's new album is coming out in June!!!!!
FromJan to Apr of this year Spinn Doctors has had 2607 unique singers at its shows.
Come to one tonight at the Milw Ale House or Brat House
VIDEOS FROM SPIKE HILL!
All systems go now.
You were a gigantic help!
Here's to TEDxAlums sticking together!
Thank you!!
Wrapping up final details for next week's govwebcon.
Hope to see many of my gov't web colleagues there!
I don't know what a hig is, but here's a big hug hug 
OH: There's gonna be dogs then there's gonna be dicks
yeah sorry about that.
It sent it to all of our followers :/.
Mustang sally
I'd open up and you'd say...
79 cents a bag at Walgreens!
Loving this storm!
Anyone from Arkansas?
Having those weirdass conversations with your friends and thinking if anyone heard us right now, we'd be put in a mental hospital.
:
site read we couldn't vote yet????
or am I just old and senile??
hahaha NO I'm NOT
dont mess with me and my ranch.
Thanks for the compliment!
OH: I'm sitting on a park bench and just farted accidentally too loud while making eye contact with a stranger
Amen, ours was out the day I finally turned it on.
1 call and 1 hour later  fixed.
Completely painless to the checkbook!
Im about to eat hamburgers thumbs all the way up
Thanks for following me!
Check out the QuickBooks Ultimate Lesson Guide 2011 DVD.
6 disc DVD set w/Book!
www.QBLesson.com
He sure does!
No argument from me!
Lucy at Mistral, too.
thats what i was waiting for, thanks
If u know u wear a 2x and u always squeezing ur ass in a Lrg.
Girl js stop and
hey saying hello seeing how your feeling.
Hope all is well.
Take a picture of puppy and post again soon please.
Go to neuro Thurs
I just learned about Celtic Salt.
It's suppose to help bring out the essential minerals in food.
Thx 4 tweet about our service!
Look forward 2 virtually staging some of ur vacant listings 2 doctorve buyer traffic!
asked to talk about resilience and I speak from the outside
Friendship is having someone to talk with at anytime!
Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only cover your blind spot??
Today the starters gun is more like a cannon.
yeah that would be cool I could throw your some gloves
how are u doing
ONE DAY!
I'll Have A Boyfriend That Will Treat Me Right And Not Play Me As One Of Their Video Games.
If you scared of money don't make money
lol u always forget about me lol
Oh that sounds great!
I don't have a tramp though, I may have to invest in one!
Wow, you just gave me more than one idea.
Thanks!
I'm gonna start listening to heavy metal  put it really loud so people would be scared to sit next to me
THUMBTACK THURSDAY!!
Avoiding the crowds and chilling by the sea in Edmonds with the BTs
heyy it would be so amazing if you followed me!
: 3 MAHOMIES FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
Hey thanks for the mention!
Much Success to ya :
I think I be to early for job interviews
hey people whats up
Why must I always be seated next to the largest person on a flight?
ESP ones delayed by over an hr
We were at Sports Authority  a woman wearing a customer service shirt cut Freddy in line  then insulted him.
lol its cool : ive been in and out of the hospital anyways /:
Tiger just said he'd be looking to hit Fairways  Greens this weekend.
Just another fan of our awardwinning magazine.
last day in NY city.
i had so much fun.....
going home for 1 day  then going to Indianapolis
if you can tweet pics from the Matchbox Twenty show tonight it would be greatly appreciated
ilaughalotwhen its snowin  someone walks in to a buildin n slips I know I shouldnt but I run to another room to laugh so they don't see me
Sorry.
RT : ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When their boyfriend has a job.
My honest impressions of the Insight: The backseat is pretty uncomfortable and it's hard to see out the back window.
the author tour continues: 2pm Valley Cottage Lib and 4pm at Suffern Lib.
This Saturday!
You're invited!
Thanks stud!
About to hit the BigTime once again.
Updates later this week as details unfold!
Exciting!
lol why u love kissing me?
hehe
If you ain't lovin' hard you not lovin' at all.
wanna hang?
ah, yes.
Gobs o natives.
Anyone else give up Republican debates for Lent?
0  disappointed Cowboys fan
We certainly agree :
Choke, Nick  Norah's Infinite Playlist, now listening to mr
Which is your favorite?
RT : yes I'm so happy too I use lots of products.
That is now 2 people today alone contacting me to to warn me of what is coming.
My eyes are open.
When your teacher shoes you his feet during class bcuz he's missing a toe.
LMAO!
I still have homework..?
I have the most selfish, selfdistructing aunt in the world.
A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners.
Seneca
Phila.
had community kids paint and entire fleet of recycling trucks: Ever since i've had art on my truck, people talk to me!
JGolden
Who's all going to the 8th grade finale?
BoutToHaveSomeFun!
Thank you it was awesome!
chilling with the funniest of people xD
When you really matter to someone, they will always make time for you.
No excuses, no lies, and no broken promises.
Yayyyy!!!!!
RT : OK it is NOW officialManning on waiver wireis an unrestricted free agent.
loved my bear hug !
3
A kind and caring man has left us...RIP Pops
Agreed.
I think there is a link btwn antiintellectual sentiments and antiartist ones.
What do you have in mind big man?
I'm a sneaky SOB
Attending the VMware knowledge series event this morning.
What a bizarre conclusion, the Great Leap was the deadly part.
Forward is also the progressive motto of Wisconsin.
Are you angry at the person or thing that forces you to think, or at your own resistance to do so?
Stretch.
The tears roll silently down my cheek...and you're not here to catch them anymore...the happy ever after we doctoramed of becomes a memory...
Hi Kate.
Thank you for your follow.
Hope our paths cross at  Grub Street.
: miss our tweetable moments  me too
Tweet 8k goes out to all my MILF followers, you know who you are.
Stay sexy bitches!
it was nice knowing you..
i will go to your funeral :
im supposed to be off till the end of the weekend, why do i keep coming back to the office???
someone tell me to go home or something
I tried to sit like and I think I burst something.
Who sits like that??
CHRISTMAS LIGHTS?
WHAT!
It's APRIL
oh  ignore my fb post.
Lol
sorry i missed yesterday!
i was sick, and unfortunately still am.
aloot of people are so amazing and the rest are really not worth it.
When are you going to have Heidecker and Wood on as special guest performers/clinicians?
Just booked the best room downtown L.A.
that 80 can buy.
I hope it has a rooftop pool, spa services and cute bellboys, hahaha.
Going to sleep.
Comp it the mornin.
FUCK YOU BITCH.
: The caps lock key is not cruise control for cool.
My boyfriend always keeps a smile on my face 
RT : Showing   GoodMorning  Nf.
...
I'm following back!!!
Thanks for the LOVE!!!
Lots of cool stuff at ASDS meeting.
Live demo of Dot DEKA CO2 laser...eMatrix, e2, ePrime.
Controversydoctor Zachary unleashed a can of whoo
To our Twitter friends at MarketMix what has been your favorite part so far?
Also want some seafood...
A new season of Spartacus!
A lot do in SA!
10 a month for a cat!!
RT : I just heard about an apartment complex charging pet rent.
Is this a new thing??
I do not like super needy, clingy people.
Especially when I'm tired.
Stop.
At the library finally gettn a chance to try this tablet out.
So far I'm lovin it :
aww, me too!
LA needs more of you!!
would certainly doctorwn out the lawn mowers but his tunes are...distracting.
btw, I hope you have an excellent day today, tink
I Fangirled because followed me33 thank you:
...
True lasting reward comes when your ACHIEVEMENTS Help others!
Lots of upgrades and addon's coming in the next 60 Second Shirt
CANNOT wait for EDCNY!
This line up will make my day :
You really 10king?
What race is it?
OH in a nearby office: I REALLY want a fireworks show.
Excellence personified in her performing gifts and in her home going celebration.
Thanks for sharing!
my 11:11 wish is to meet you.
A follow back would be nice too : 3
I can't wait to get away from here I can't do shit without somebody trying to spy or feeling like I'm being sneaky
Check it out!!!
www.arillenblaylock.com
The fact that stopkony is trending right next to youowemehead really exemplifies the world we live in.
You talk as if you imperial
I never understood why people hate kids so much, until today.
Know ur heartbroken Prayers r w U Plz ck my DM re solution to MA's twt ...r artists n mu contributors 2 b acknwldgd while alive
I MISS YOU RIAN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!!
Follow the band!
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc.
represents several major national and local Insurance providers.
Thanks we appreciate the love!
Making a Liszt and checking it twice...
I appreciate your site so much.
Thank you for all the hard work, Happy New Year!
FF my bro If you don't follow him go ahead and just delete your account.
makes you want to holla, doesn't it?
just bringing up the topic hurts.
Convinced matty Desperado worth watching.
Mentioned guns took salma hayek's boobs 2 get him 2 press play.
Should start with that in future.
follow back

Hey Rob, I'm looking fora couple of leaders in Canada.
www.millionsdoctornkcoffee.com
hows the relationship with Ron going?!?
Throat KILLS, feels like I have asthma again.
Was it from practice?!
I hope not!
how so?
I don't want the Patriots here in Indy..
This isnt a good day, really tired  in a bad mood.
thanks, I did body pump or something instead.
It was with weights.
I feel awesome now : I love the !
is a scam!
Don't buy from them!
If you do it will be nothing but trouble!
You will be lucky if you ever get what you paid 4!
RT : What's your late night goto restaurant?
oh.
okay.
indeed i do.
quite possibly the best street name in the city.
Love the snow...
Way better than the rain, especially for my hair!!!
Thanks, Miranda
I guess a nigga posed to just stay sick now a days.:
True story: I get motion sickness from doing newspapers on microfilm.
I have to take doctormamine.
LMFAO.
oh those two songs.
they never fail to get stuck in your head.
hahaha
yeah love is so intoxicating that people are just like duh i want this moment to last forever lmao most say screw this im on it, doctorvem nuts
haha I'm laying in bed too watching cartoons :P goodnight boo
Congrats to both of you man!
Not all guys are the same.
LOVE the cover Miranda!
You are one GORGEOUS woman!
Hope for Women Magazine would like to connect with you too!:
LUCKeSHOPPER Coming to you in 2011
good morning!!!
you're up early, busy day?
:
Happy Birthday Ethan :D Cutest little thinng evverrr!
yeah take care of us, or we'll have you in the speculative fiction section!
Thanks for the RT!
Great thought about the blank yellow pad Sometimes I think even the best CRM can get in the way.
Read my tweet !!
And say to austin to tweet me i very dont feel :
Happy New Year!!!!
Be safe and Choose to CELEBRATE!!!
Watching people run red lights in Cranberry with Slow down early doctorvers!
So the baby daddy gets a house lol n expects me to rush in with him !!!
Tha fuck?
R yu out of yr mind mf
Is it crowded there still?
i just realized that i missed my wish:c
haha!
Have you been to Sullivans on Thursday's???
Awesome happy hour specials.
personally I like to play five a side football while watching TV although carrying the remote is annoying
Use Promo Code: fb8nov for today's 5 Off any large pizza online
You're welcome.
uhoh  should i find a different route?
I hope you will build the ecoresort.
Sounds great!!
Q2: many are unconcerned if the students have learned at all as long as the  on the transcript is good.
To come to school for a half day in the morning or not
Sure.
Imagine the jokes LBJ and Nixon would've suffered if social media had been around in their times.
Tweets alone ...
What would Steve Jobs do?
Heat 1: Stockon comes to a stop in turn 2 bringing out the yellow.
OUR GENERATION doesn't ring the doorbell.
We text or call to say we're outside.
Way cool, Melody Eisler is here.
She came to her 1st STIA as a member of the Idaho SPLAT team  carrys on the work.
The lights in our section just went out.
I think they were on a motion sensor timer?
Just finished Saint Patrick's day article for  stay tuned!
Much gratitude for your stellar article.
xxoo
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!!
Being a girl for once and getting my nails and toes done 
I need to wear doctorss shoes everyday to work...u would understand them then
that Braxton show is a hot mess.
Its worse than Housewives of Atlanta.
Former top Israeli general says explosions that reportedly hit Iranian nuclear ...
A simple but sincere 'thank you can have such an amazing effect.
A polite client just made my day.
Makes me work so much harder  happier.
would you really?
:
How do we feel about high waisted booty shorts?
Y/N?
Just letting you know that the song is 10x better.
You know your blog has made it big when some bot tries to spam the comments 10 times in 1 hour.
I don't ask for much, just the ability to sleep in a little would be nice.
Sunglasses and advil.....
Last night was mad real
Vegas?
In JUNE!!
xo
Nice intro Billy!
Hope to see you at Lambeau.
I'll be pulling for the Saints next weekend.
Thanks for a great Fantasy Football year, too.
thank you for the advice on tanning for a pale person like me.
3
locked outside my house .
This weather is amazing!
Angel In a New doctorss
Free Beer Friday topic: In a perfect sports world....
Take your time, brainstorm, and email or call in with your entries!
Later coconut grove.
Thanks for your support !
As much as we're looking forward to hearing from you and other real women out there!
Thanks, great daily!
when people think they're a rapper cuz they know all the words to a rap song.
please tell me more about you're talent!
is tweeting and retweeting like crazy tonight
Thanks for the retweet!
or honey.
I hate honey.
cant wait to go on our cruise!
We're super excited too!
Will do!
If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose.
Good connecting with you man!
For a guy who likes the clean lines and order of midcentury modern design, I live in the most chaotic unorganized spaces imaginable.
i think i am :
Thanks for following !
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
I just want to be happy.
RT : in case you didn't know, it is legal to marry your first cousin in NC, just not your gay one.
missed me!
Haha I LOVE it!
First class...Econ...should be fun!!
Gobble gobble.
The clock is speeding.
I'm calling the cops while I procrastinate.
Whoa!
That's a lot of hops.
hey Teambreezy :D
watch out for my nuts  : Falling coconuts kill 150 people every year.
just got some new gear.
hyped to use it tomorrow at the SULTANS OF SWAG SHOW
that's what she said lmao
Voice is gone, bodies covered in sweat and this les paul is too heavy....
but, ya know..I love this :
What song of Rihanna's or Katy Perry's u wish was urs?
Nope: Just come find us and we will hang out!
:D
OH YEAH ROSS!
There is not nearly 60 inches of snow.
Sorry to disappoint!
lol
Looking for freelance video editors to work on a 3 minute clip!!
woke up this mornin.
Took a hit on the lyzer.
Blew a .11 yup.
I'm Back baby!
Gotta love wedding season.
.
Sipping Tea ALL DAY LONG!
running to the right daily!
Fox cld use U

We Provide Quality Specialty ItemsDiscounts AvailableFREE Shipping
heck yeah buddy!
It's official...I'll be attending this fall and interning at So excited!
Bitch u aint no barbie I see u work at arby number 2 super size HURRY UP im starving!!

not paying attention to your curves while blocking in stepped.
You may get some ugly surprises when you go to spline
Cheater!
cc RT : Trying to steal ipodschun's Mayorship from Little Italy lol!
I hope they get rid of that bitch Alicia
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to see presents w/  at on May 15th!!
The more people who try to tell you you're wrong and silence you the higher the probability you are in the right.
Keep on truckin'!!
Great discussion about rethinking the safety net.
Now off to the breakout sessions!
The sitter
knowledge is context
You like old southern woman?
We are so happy you enjoyed your stay with us, Marissa!
What was your favorite part of the trip?
Somebody in my building tried to tell me it should be illegal to eat fries in the elevator.
I laughed.
:
Thanks for the RT.
I appreciate it.
Man some people have creepy Twitter pictures.
still don't understand what i am doing....
: I need to get more than 7 hours a sleep.
At least 8 would be nice.
i'm lucky to get more than 3 hours.
wat up big bro
I have the urge to go to Von's and spend my textbook buyback money on vinyl.
Choices you make early become health habits.
So critical to set the foundation.
Love the iheart radio app on my Andoctorid!
Awesome widget!
...Within 10 years, U.S.
businesses would pay an added 430 billion in transportation costs...
Not impressed with the lodging options in Ojai for July :/
I'm in NYC or we would be going
it.
is........
They don't add vanilla ice cream  many sugar as McDonalds does:
They sure do talk a lot In woody Allen movies.
What are your weekend plans?!
We have availabilities....jump on board and take advantage of our December Holiday Discounts!!!
Hating ass Bitches 
Please follow our
thank you for joining us Mike!
what the num!!
Sad to check out of the today.
Such a lovely time
BEAUTIFUL!
Getting my card ready!
;
Gone With the Wind!!!!
Casablanca!!!
No one asked me, but: worrying.
are my tweets protected?
can you retweet my tweets?
someone help!
haha
is kobe going 2 take Westbrook game 2...or focus more on.scoring?
You are the bestest EVER!!!
I think it's working!
: I just scratched my .....
in bed .
Insert your own word .
Arse
I want the Brazilian butt lift dvd..hmm,I wonder does...As seen on tv..
got it
come on by and visit us  check out our innovative approach to outpatient healthcare services.
Twitter proves to be educational.
Currently trending: WaysToMakeAGirlSmile.
Take note boys...and girls.
Let's not discriminate.
We are not being punished for what Adam and Eve did, we are being punished for what we are doing.
well, if you want to get technical
Cake ice cream and moviee don't forget nutella and popcorn
Home tip of the week: After installing fiberglass, clean off your skin by spraying only  do not rub while washing.
Sometimes you gotta swallow pride .
since your spending so long in Daytona.
You ready to come back in July?
As expected, Wilson Ramos ACL as casualty count continues to rise in MLB...
you know.
yeah it it cold and snowy and i have high heels on..
I'm cold!
Taking some time off at the moment, but thanks so much for thinking of me :
Awesome!
Love nature with kids!
Twitter was already accepting registrations in early July 2006  it just wasn't well publicized.
I didn't say anything
Shows all month every 45 days until Aug.
15th.
Stay posted for dates of shows and events.
Thanks for all the love and support.
I don't own one but have test doctorven.
It'd be tight to sleep, and there are better cars for mileage depending on your budget.
Ah fires have been put out.
Back to inventorying the PealeBCLM 8x10 inch film negatives.
Quick dinner break, then SSA mixer at Moonshine, UNC SILS mixer, and funky fresh ACA bash.
sucks.
Fumbles will do it.
Nice run in Chell.
Love that game.
U play in the FIFA at all?
thanks!
I'm rather smitten with the whole thing myself!
Who wants a free white iphone 4 I found
Grove is open today and tomorrow the Will  Pop's food truck will be visiting and we'll have live music.
All starting at 11:30am.
Babe I really like you
I want to learn about 'seat belt'!
that's for sure
Thank you, Kelly!
kiss you too!
lmao..
that commercial is epic..
have a great week w They need to make this move already!!!
Tweet it everyone!!!
If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't airbrushing and photoshop be illegal for models?
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse all want to be the Carrie of the group
David stern needs to rehire tim donaghy to make sure we have a lakersheat final !
and to collaborate on TV show  the headline I hope to read every day.
Can either of you make it happen?
Pervasive feeling: Do more with less Increasing demand, decreasing support.
No longer the only game in town.
Tom Shadyac  it's not just going green, the green has to go...as in  must go back out  be shared as a resource
if only i looked like emma watson...omfg
A night in Paris  The Anchor ....
one week to go ..
March The 8th !!!!
NYC ru ready ??
Oh so bored i really need some friends in this city
herb:P
I think you get McCann on a buy low but as of now its a slight downgrade at closer.
Closers have been so iffy this year.
TITA: If my last name was: RETNA I'd name my son: D'Tacht Bujah!!!
LoL :D
mission accomplished :b
Did you ask why they wouldn't have let you in?
I'd like to know.
Best Wishes!
lol.
i hope your wifi dies, bitch.
NO!
I'm on tweet limit on my main account !
thays the first thing she questioned when we hung up...dont disappoint her...lol
mark your calendars for september 29th !!!
I wont be able to make it.
Thats when we graduate too!
I will send you somethin instead.
Where you plannin on goin to college?
don't worry, it flew over mine as well!!
Masters Nationals Slalom, GS  SG in Park City next year.
DH will be at Ski Cooper
This bitch really needs to leave my boyfriend alone.
You had tour chance.
and were 8 months and GOING STRONG.
not goin anywhere bitch :
Men...in a church culture that is Jezebel influenced stay focus on the Pattern what is th pattern, Jesus!
It's Tuesday booze day and this full figured gal is ready to suck the alcohol out of a deodorant stick!
duh duh..duh cant even talk on live television lol t t today junior!
This week is PALS' PLACE, a monthly party for Teens with Autism.
We have a blast.
Alexander Hamilton Love Quote of the DayTo fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
you give cops too much credit.
they have no power.
our issue is with corrupt banks, corporations, biggov, censorship
I miss wish he was up here to run the city with me..
Thank the universe for your amazing life!
Little reunion with Jessica and the crew: hella missed them!
What did you think of Me on the RHOA Reunion?
hehe
Great NBA double header tonight.
Weekend activity!
Your house  carve a pumpkin.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me,3
looking to get rid of my boxes of old notebooks and I'm too clumsy to not lose a 100 pen.
:
RT : : The most successful people crave improvement, it fuels the engine of their doctorve.
I read somewhere that you're awesome.
it is part of our overall plan to improve each year...let us know how we did.
In fact, you both are extremely beautiful.
:
donation of my bloodcomplete
Winner of Game 2 in each of the past 3 Pens/Flyers series has gone on to win the series.
Baby who you tryna fool?
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
no like I can't see anything, not even to log in to the comp
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
Chili Davis
Fake early deadlines that you kill yourself to meet and then they don't even glance at the piece for days or weeks.
i know what you mean man!
Gimme a holla when u need something!
I have this on a VHS tape.
Where should I go for my next vacation?
Somewhere I haven't been, fairly affordable and safe for women traveling?
Pref Spanish speaking
Stuck between not caring at all and caring too much.
It's almost da weekend 
Small sample size theater,: Philly has been the best offensive team in 5 mins 5 pts clutch situations this postseason.
In the kitchen with my 2yo eating cheese by the single slice.
Thank you for the FF.
Have a good weekend!
I'm upset now smh
Let me explain my loyalty.
I was born and raised in Madison, WI.
I wasted HS but back in those days top 50 in class, automatic into UW
thank you!
don't listen to them!
you are dead sexy when you sing!
leg twists and all.
never stop
Its raining..
oomf needs to be here to cuddle..
3 ;p
Somebody just retweeted one of my tweets from 2 weeks ago..
Hell no.
Im not about to listen to gospel music all night.
Fuck this.
Why didn't the iPhone guy make water proof phones!!!!!
:O i so would've bought one!!
All I want is you nowthatyou'regone
What's your favorite sayin' from the Color Purple?
I'll pay you back.
That awkward moment when a stranger in a cafe starts talking to you because he doesn't realize you're listening in on a conference call.
The only words that ever satisfied me as describing Nature are the terms used in fairy books, charm, spell, enchantment.
They ex
damn straight.
turtle power 
Good Morning Beauties!
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Albert Einstein Have a great day!
If he plays well, there will be a trade available where Cavs get assets in return for Baron move.
Everyone that scared of pouting Davis?
lol, not to the cat man!
OWIF: I think this truck is heading to Davenport, from what I could make of the doctorver's language.
Does anyone speak Basque?
they were but r unbeatable
Hey, Hey, Hey!
Thinking about any initiative that requires 100 buy in from the start will fail
I will witness your destruction at the hands of live on ppv
Thank you for all the hard work!
LeBron goes hard.
You ready to give him his due?
Sup tweeps!
Anyone have an interesting figure from history for me to write a song about?
yea i do see....are you a girl?
just wondering haha
RememberHow we used to love eachother , the way you told me that you could never love another 
Notice how in some I say it differently, that should give you a clue ;

Wash Univ.
Fall Festival today  great game  Wash U 24 College of Wooster 20
Tired  headachey.
Want to sleep.
Mitt Romney says he is known for bringing back failing companies...
He has sure done that for Ohio Art and their EtchaSketch.
finish a great session on creating your personal brand the attendees were wonderful!
Happy New Year!
3
friday has been changed forever..
oh wow you lost your bestfriend jasmin you poor thing ....that sucks
All day I see tweets about what men should do..
so I'm guessing every woman in a relationship is the perfect girlfriend?
Had to smile at the student writing a finding aid bio note who thought Beantown, Massachusetts was a real place name.
Have to come up with a list favorite films and limit it to 20!
I love hundoctords of films, this is tough stuff.
Woke up feeling a lot better today!
Time to make some things happen!!
AdvMailSvcs  We're on the leading edge of traditional  digital mailing systems for businesses.
Call us today.
5058993104
oh i thought i seen you there lol.

will i see you tonight at GOAP party?
Scarves around the neck and porcupine hats are hot this spring as worn by The Who at Super Bowl 44.
You swim and swim and swim and then nothing happens , so you turn it off
Vin Scully: I'm fed up...this is the last new owner press conference I will ever attend!!!
yah, just coolin watching this brewers game down on the east side what u on
True.
I love Angelo Badalamenti and Barry Adamson's work.
I still remember buying the CD as a BC prospective.
Have you been to Thrive Lunch yet!?
Every Thursday 1130am :
Child visitor at your Home  Studio today asked if I was you.
If only I had that much hair.
39;Myology39; is winning word at senior spelling bee in Pembroke Pines
Every time I read about il duce in history I think about that episode of Gilmore Girls when Lorelai calls the Headmaster that.
missing my personal Tweeter.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon
i'm trying not to think about you, can't you just let me be
Put egg beaters in my tea this am instead of creamer.
Fail.
Good thing I caught it before my first sip.
Viva La Vida is on the radio ': I can picture the boys shaking their shoulders in my head3
so make it better.
im marvelous
Hahahahaha!
Your mom is funny as hell.
It's Friday and the weekend is almost here!
Who's ready for this weeks 2Day Sale??
:
RT : LOVE BOMBBOMB!
RT : Nice use of sticker
RT What a beautiful and amazing tribute.
She was a genius.
All hail.
Orioles have returned.
They raise one brood and move on.
I'm watching the one where John Goodman takes over.
babies talking and being disrespectful
I enjoyed our phone conversation.
I guess we're getting back to where we used to be.
Good.
Let it stay that way.
I miss how things were.
Congrats !
You officially have the worst return policy in the world.
Good job losing a customer.
I'll applaud when you go bankrupt.
LMFAOOO
oh hey guess what I'm ready for June 19th and for the BELIEVETOUR 3 I love you :
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
who is c walls?
do i know him too?
Not as a source  it's a look at how ceramic practice is portrayed in popular culture.
text me now
We Distribute your ad sleeves to coffee shops for you, FREE of charge...
nice friday evening watching season 5 of dexter!
The three fantastic fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, sticktoitiveness; third, common sense.
Just dont get in your bed.
Thats the worst!
Teaching OCF social media today.
Keith, my name is Keith...
At SXSW, Al Gore said democracy has been hacked so we must occupy it.
Just as well to say it has been occupied and must hack it.
haha, love you!
Just a generation ago, the US had the highest proportion of graduates in the world.
Now it is 16th.
Tonights dinner menu!
T bone steaks on an open campfire , macroni salad , homemade spicy baked beans and sweet corn bread.
Smores for desert
Lets make this happen!!
when and where?:
check out the new site, www.nwboatsports.com
nxjsmxldnde WTF?
YOU ARE NOT FAT :o
LOL Will do!
Great to meet you.
RT : Hi Vicky say hi to your mom
Tom Snyder  Twitter in Training  Education  hands on workshop
Bad Girls Club Reunion part 2 !
oomf always been catching my eye in the halls  : he knows who he is !
We are offering a Harold intensive with a performance in February.
Teaching the intensive is Marc Moritz.
All details coming soon.
To Dapper
Chiana:I like to have a quick snooze before nap time.
let me know when ur ready 2 buy/invest in Buckhead homes.
Check my site www.buyandsellatlantaproperties.com
Garcetti's 3 things: Cultural Tourism, Celebrate our Villages, Create a Major Music Festival and Ciclavia every month.
i didn't think of that.
I just don't like Will F.
sorry just cringe when i see him :
We will remember the titles, the rest will fade.
We're gonna miss you in L.A., Diesel.
I kno someone that thinks ur superhott,but he made me promise not to blow his cover
BRILLIANT.
Except boss telecommutes haha!
Could not be a happier person, doctornking Budweisers in the back of a Land Rover on the way to Vail to see The Flaming Lips with my boy Matt.
get here before 7 please.
so glad its the weekendd.
:3
We've got MNF  we're serving up our new Specialty doctornks.
Come enjoy a refreshing Orange Crush or maybe a Knockout Punch!
DOit!
Crystal def had mary's phone
It is!
I didn't realize everything was closed this weekend and I have to return a book but we leave Tuesday morning :/
hahahaha!
I would never do that
Guess what I got for Mothers Day?
A framed limited edition painting of Aaron!
To quote a famous movie line, Im mad with joy!
Bought a new doctorss.
And some new shoes.
I'm so excited.
I Love You
Playing Jess Jess Jessie J ;
after my patdown at sfo left 10 min early!!!
WITH MY BAG!!
not going to church w grandma for Easter
cheatings not an accident.
fallin dwn the steps is an accident u dnt just trip  fall in2 some1s pussy or on some1s dick.
Gone with the Wind is definitely among my favorite movies adapted from books.
yeah.
I have too.
Arguing abt it gets old but it's so weird that people are so freaked out by it.
Impossible :D
trans am just shared a glutenfree vegan cookie, now playing quarters with Colt 45.
S/O to all my followers...
Thanks for your support and interest.
right on, does that mean I get to be a future then?
;
You take your car to work, I'll take my board....
I TRIED!
and sarah put Rumored; or something weird.
Should have stayed home today.
My patience level is way too low to have left the house at all.
I think you got me sick!
I have started feeling poopy today!!
Join us Feb.
7, 5pm to close w/  50 sales benefit Sunshine Division!
Lol RT : I bet it's uncomfortable watching American Psycho with Mitt Romney laughing and relating to all the wrong parts.
Yay!
Can't wait to see you!
I can't believe I used to have a crush on them ugly ass hoodoctorts back in new waverly
Everyone knows Thursday night is the best college night.
Who's going out tonight?
austin do u ever not eat in olive grden?
Ive there once
Just short of 3 of current workforce has been shifted to disability vs being unemployed since 08...that makes unemployment at least 11.1
Truly unfortunate.
Taught there on contract 20012003.
Signs of tensions then.
I guess things never got resolved.
Would you alllllwaaaays, maybe sometimes, make it eaaaassayyy?
Take ya time.
Interesting that Geraldo Rivera doesn't understand that latinos might be more likely to be searched or on the nofly list.
luck was on our side today!
and i got great seats for the wilco show at the strathmore on march 30.
really, really excited for it.
Just listing to music and chilling
So you gave him access to your outdoor outlets, of course :
can we use the photo from the plane incident for WGN TV?
We can credit you.
Please let me know, thanks!
Jaiden is a lazy bitch and his ass needs to get in class right now or his name aint goin on this project, I swear that kid just cheeses me
And we should text.
No,just no.omg.
I heard John Harbaugh tripped an old lady because their was only one squash left at Giant.
Hey, she didn't go 133!
was your God bigger this morning?
where is your dad.
U all better behave.
Lol
.
Thanks Jerry!
We definitely believe that there is no onesize fits all approach, especially in a such dynamic industry.
It Is what it is
Four Brown Pelicans over the bay off the Embarcadero is an odd sight for midJanuary, are these four late to migrate or sitting it out?
Is really doing it BIG this year nodoubt!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your info
are you sad miobi is over?
I am : i really was crying when i watched the last episode
Have not attended PNWA.
I see that it will be at the Seattle Hilton this year.
I may register  looks interesting.
oh thank you xD bows
certainly will be the kiss of death for them
RT : People change when they see a value in it for themselves.
BGLab Team's Rachel on making cities, 1 person at a time:...
Dont take it personally and dont dwell on it
I remember songs like St.
Elmos Fire used to inspire me...
2nd Annual Pigs in a Blanket includes an entry w/an actual pig's head  feet.
see you should talk to me more and that wouldn't be a problem lol
we are at nwk conservancy's beds  breakfast workshop!!
fb so much info n great networking op
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi
BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ
I miss my baby..!!
well hey there wangotango!
so excited to see you on the just now!!
Samantha knows what's up!!
;D
Its the funniest show ever.
Vinegar strokes, pretty dick, plaxidentially shooting yourself, great cast.
Definitely a watch.
I've never been so impatient to leave chemistry
REMINDER!
With a valid I.D, students always receive 20 REGULAR priced U.V tanning packages!!
hello sexy!!
I was gonna play softball last summer but I met my bf right as the season was starting and I never made it to first practice
Yes, you definitely deserve a nap.
We're open 106.
See you tomorrow!
: Let's have a markup hearing for the Online Poker Act.
With the DoJ decision, it's time to act!
Thank you.
Realized that our kitten has a personality, and he's a jerk.
He's always biting and he complains constantly.
if u enjoyed mister Wells book u should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies Detroit based street love doctorma.
Follow x
I have to keep up with Different issues though lol
Can someone please teach me how to do the wobble dance lol
I think i'm addicted to BBC tv shows.
I can't do work, I can't concentrate...I want my BBC!!!!
is staying pretty interesting.
5 players still potentially in it.
D'aawww I'm sorry I didn't see this!
But I was avoiding all festivities, opting to read a book and count the sirens instead.
IMO, seems like a perfect opp to reach out to pubmedia member stations who have extra capacity
wiunion and friends, leaving for hospital about noon.
Prep starts at 1.
Surgery at 3:30.
5 hours later will be finished if goes well.
shieet we can do the fetty clap with 100mil, ms we miss u!
Lol
did u get a new phone?
The second it gets a little cold, I bring back the button downs and long pants.
Provide resources and have teams create paper chains in a factory setting to see how different technologies impact production
hey Gabe, we may engage !
with some new disruptions in social energy game mechanics over live energy data :
Yeah, but there's less smart and then there's hiking sandals, y'know?
ok I have only 114 character so what am I suppose to do writing paragraph
Really?
That makes 3 other schools without an emphasis on finals.
LSU needs to get with the program ;!
John by Lil Wayne feat.
Rick Ross is THE best running song ever!
It looks like subtle sophistry
how much?
That's great.
Big fan and been wanting to learn but I'm so injuryprone...
we will see tho.
Tempted!
:D
I will look into gamma world 4.
If you ever get bored check out philip jose farmers the world of tiers series,
trying to run over everyone between 21 and 75.
o anytime.
Love to!
Come see me!
Or lat's meet somewhere tasty!
work really hard and wish on a few stars.
Still long way for me to go though...don't be too jealous trust me :
: I've had the album on replay walking to classes!!
love love it!!
that makes me :
Next month is my birthday yay can't belive Ill be 15 just seems like yesterday I was born
I LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU ARE HAPPY MOST OF THE TIME.
I LOVE the SUNSHINE!!!
think I just wanna come home that bad
johnathan is gay too...his name is a mix between john and nathan...how gay....
count me in!
Some people are really OLD.
Most people who are really OLD really shouldn't doctorVE.
I Followed Back!
:
Glad to hear you are enjoying the book and Ole the Viking, thank you.
/cc
Spent the afternoon dumping my perfectlygood collection of sweater vests.
YoU MaKe Me FeEl LiKe A
You would think that after all the Jews went through in WWII that they would not treat others like that but they kill Palestine childoctorn.
im learnin martial arts n kung fu n shit when i get to college
We are excited to have you onboard!
doctornks and dinner w/2 of my favs...Babe and
Thanks for the follow!
Keep in touch!
On this day in 1966, Pink Floyd appeared for the first time at The Marquee in Wardour Street, London, England.
Just picked up my Us Weekly: My favorite part is the cover3
We saw it in Tampa!
Let me fuck the world off, just for you.
Join this webinar to learn whether the speed at which the Republicans elect their front man has an impact on investments....
CanadianTweets MT I got Tim Hortons once this week  how are there four empty cups in my trash in my office
you know about him lol
oh that's dissapointing.none the less thanks for replying!
Great choice 3 Love you!
Yes, thanks for the great service!
: RT : Thanks to in N Austin for hosting us
IM A WILDBOY
some of these fucking guys.
ridonkulous.
Local construction workers protest outofstate contractors for pipeline project  WTOV Steubenville
hmm.
Well, looks like you had one for me.
Was wondering where u were re: Greys!
Stop being so motivational it makes me want to do workRT : We cannot become what we need to be,remaining what we are.
And Keith is a solid reporter as well.
I'll still be watching.
harlem Absolute Beginners class happening in 5 minutes !
In another moment perhaps.
Heading back n I'm
RT : Started using this week for , and absolutely loving it.
I think we'll be sticking with it :
Hanging out with and little sis
Spending time this morning getting ready for the beginning of our recording this week.
We start tracking on Wednesday and Thursday.
dear tbell, i hope you burn to the ground before 5.
I don't doctorad death simply because I think it's a transition.
Our souls can not be destroyed.
I know we are going to live in another life.
First day back to work since wreck...
Its rough but I'm making it.
Missing my minicooper since its the reason I'm still here!
Biking uptown with a growler in my backpack.
Would be a great choice!
RT: : Autographed Helmet, hat, Season Ticket package and im next to u on the picture!
Series of blasts rip through Baghdad killing at least 57, and while no group has claimed responsibility, the coordinated nature of the at
When you're focused  have faith the day of the week may not matter.
Bring your best today.
Be well
McNabb trying to prove he CAN throw it in the ocean...hilarious
The times they are adifferent.
Come out and see New York's top comics battle it out as they audition for the prestigious Montral Just For Laughs Festival
Sugar is breaking out a brand new menu tomorrow!
Come and check out Chef Kerrie Jean's prowess!
Ready for opening session of
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good.
Oprah
Follow back.
Youre very pretty btw.
falling asleep to a young Gabe.
Little Manhattan 2: Have ya' met Peeta?
I just died.
You legit covered one of my favorite Jack Johnson songs.
Better Together.
You're officially my favorite person.
on for sure
Yeah, I wouldn't want to know a lot of people if things like that kept happening.
I hate to say it but the better team won tonight.
Congratulations to the Bruins.
Really North Carolina?
Really??
LLN!!!
Fuzzy's Tacos  hilarious!!!
I use to prankcall people saying if they were the sidekick hotline to help me with problems
Now this is an entry!
RT : you need a jenerator to make those boots electric!
This diet really sucks!
I just ate 2 cups of streamed spinach because eating peanut butter instead has too many calories!
Sit yo 5 dollar ass down.
Before I make change.
there are a few of us crazy ones out there that do.
:
Get your taxes done on the cheap  50 off tax preparations from Convenient Tax Services on www.crowdclick.com!
FA Cup: Derby v.
Stoke
continue to tweet your little heart out beebs.
lol the last lady I didn't use professornity but the 1st 2 ppl I cursed out so bad.
Sad thing is....its a fraud acct smh
Isn't it always the way it goes!
So today I rode a Schwinn super sport gs road bike  which looks like a hybrid and HATED it!
Once a fan  ALWAYS a fan!
i gotta come wit it next time lol
no.
la can fall into the ocean with the rest of california.
Oomf is a slut!
What?!
Why?
I'll miss the goat cheese tots!
:' RT BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING.
Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY.
...
well im not!!!
i ALWAYS get told im hot...
but i think their just tryin to make me happy :
Rondo tripledouble...
NICE
thanks for posting it out to everyone lmao and um you welcome : ah you left me im bored .
worldcompass is interesting; i'm very curious to see how the thematic blocks work out for them
yum!
That has been on my to make list!
when god made you,he was showing off.
Going to bed and waking up as tired as you were when you went to bed 
I don't have one!
Pray for a world who refuses to recognize it's Creator and His laws.
smh at some stuff on FB right now.
I'm out...latta
ToddsTiaras always cheers me up :
Right up the street from us.
Can't wait!
RT The location, from what I know, will be near Stacked Pickle on Old Meridian...
dailyfeedback Examples of songs whose meanings have generally being misunderstood.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
I would never say that;
hiiya : question..have you ever heard of Culture Shock?
Talking to an old friend who havent talked to in forever!:
Reading a book on YouTube is a public performance, might not be legal.
Never read an entire book!
OK switching to a new pair of contacts in the morning.
I've left mine in for like 2 months
Dial M in 3D  Can't wait!
whoa.
I forgot you were
I hope you go to a team where you are appreciated.
15 always!
I do look at fellow LIS school people and think that my experience is WAY at the bottom by comparison.
all high silver...
Review: Terrific page turner.
Polished prose, plenty of twists, but best of all a central character I found emotionally engaging.
I wonder at this point should I just give up on the notion or sleep?
Or shall I try to get a few hours sleep?
I do.
What's the registration fee?
in the fortress of solitude, of course.
We've been cookin up something big Dave.
doctorp by, sign over your 1st born, and I'll spill
talk about painting a picture!
Got a great songwriting lesson.
Also, the sheep story gave me a flashback Uncle's farm.
too deerintheheadlights to celebrate quite yet but should be able to by then :
We want to wish you a Merry Christmas tom w/ our Xmas Party  Toy doctorve!
Bring an unwrapped toy and get in 1/2 price all night.
fuck da law i hold court in the street
I love how ariana grande has her makeup its so natural!
: jealous :
RT : I swear these tarheels give me palpitations!
true!
Byron Scott's death stare just burned a hole through my couch.
Go Cavs!
Congratulations to who unwittingly just became our 3,000th follower!
Sorry we weren't running a contest.
:
we had a delay getting Kona glasses so we'll have them next Monday!
Thanks!
I think they should too!
Sure!
Email to sacole0904atyahoodotcom
A lot of ticket guys talking down about Ranger fans lately Fans are doing what ALL fans do, doesn't make this a non baseball town!
snowboarding for the day
Where the Kobe/Stay Schemin Tweets?
Thanks we are glad you like it.
At the game!
Excited about the doctorp Kick Murpheys concert afterwards!
You are the star and that is why you will continue to shine.
Your light will never stop a little more oil will keep it burning.
I'll pay 4 ur ticket and start a fire!
1st class ok?
Sold 100 tix to the event on Tues against  the !
See you at  the !
End of a long weekend, I think I need some cornbread...
Bill is a GREAT guy!
That's a nice connection!
From the base up, Hegel's Absolute seems fantastical.
Looking down from a local synthesis, dialectic is recursion.
Actually it's the exact opposite.
It's noon!
lol Is no one answering the phone?
RT : My car runs on gas, not friendship.
So pay the fuck up.
hopespin keeps it real no matter what!
I've got a camera with me.
Want to earn my undying respect?
Your holiness blesses the world ACIM
It takes time to understand a girl.
If you truly love her, you'll take the time to try and understand her.
follow me please?
Moderately.
Many of the group convos don't seem to apply to me.
RT : Linkedin  do you use?
A Frequently B Moderately C Rarely
it should stand for nobody agrees
lost 3 big pots all night.
2 of them were to the man that staked me.
Hope you have a great day.
haha yeah bet its killing uu haha so who u annoying instead of me?
: bet theyre having a horrible time lol :P
Shoulda picked BlakeRT : It's certainly all about thevoice AND the coaches reactions shocked?
confused?
impressed?
chuckles?
: If 2pac and Biggie were still alive, would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper Not a chance.
About time is following me!
;
Watched the first 2 episodes and thought it was pretty good.
But I think Im in a comedy mood.
Watching Lillyhammer now...
Has to be one of the most doctormatic finishes in EPL history.
The look on the united players was priceless
Oops.
I haven't done it yet, but have thought about it and then caught myself.
he looks good as ever.
just gotta hope its not a chronic thing
r u ok demi did u get kO
did you have P4000 VSA questions?
How can I help?
That is so true.
It's easier to say what's on your mind instead of carefully choosing the right words.
oh yeah...I forgot to relay that message re: yoga.
oops.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Accident northbound I5 near the Terwilliger curves.
Left lane blocked.
: How much money do you think Obama raised today after his announcement?
Hopefully millions and trillions and gazillions of dollars!
I just tried a cocktail onion.
I wish I hadn't.
In so far as the establishment officially expects to alter the selfregulating inner tendencies of the inmate.....
Goffman
that's awesome you enjoyed it.
Not everyone has the same experiences the first handful of times.
Hope you give us another try
absolutely!
Would love to!
you're going to be at Interop?
Had a very short and kinda boring day!
Let's see what tomorrow be about!?
2 the Love of my life: U are my life.
You're the only thing it would hurt 2 lose.
I promise to love u forever  every single day of forever.
But screw it I guess...
Unwind!
yummy martini Denver.
Jalapeo tomato infused vodka.
Need I say more?
Things will change.
I'm sick of being ran over for some stupid random bitches.
I'm done with all the shit.
HH tonight with Ms.
and Ms.
at !
See you soon Girlies :
This fuckin rain
can you please ping me offline, I have a question
gospursgo have now won 19 in a row at home after victory against the Thunderhard to believe that they have 47 wins and only 10 losses.
My moms becoming a workaholic.
Rell need to go get his ears pierced so he can stop lookin the way he do .
Can't wait for tonight's pamper session with the wonderful
That was a comment made by kanye west, on his VH1 storytellers.
who else would say that!?
other than me.
HA
I have the BIGEST crush on this cute boy and I can't see him until the science test cus we test together can't wait!!omgg hype
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness.
I am always surprised by how low people will stoop in a poor economy
She is just a typical democrat.
Ho hum.
RT : bored somebody entertain me Go ur ass to sleep
Weird that a hypothetical Y2K stirred more panic here than the actual collapse of Europe's economy is doing now.
Life's tough, it's even tougher if you're stupid.
I agree :
Bagels are such filthy carbs
KHALED Take It To The Head is classic!!!!
go get that PIL2 by Ja Rule for me my brotha i know you loyaled to rule
What a great event to Tonight at the big house.
Lots of fun, good turnout  feedback.
I'm lucky to have a great team who made it all happen
replacesongtitleswithboobs ; forever the sickest boobs
Hi!
Thanks for the follow!:
My level of maturity changes depending on who I'm with.
The Main Advantages Of Getting started with An Alcohol Rehab ...
purnima here i joined yesterday could you please specify as to how much money i need to shell out in total before i actually make money
Get a ball and practice for crying out loud!
today I was gay and blew out my candles wishing I'd see you in Phoenix when I go in June :
If you think i'm happy you're stupid
Agreed.
RT The dome is SO loud on tv.
Wish I was there!!
Not a big fan of cursing to the Internet so I'll be more reserved.
Seriously over it...hm not quite the same effect.
I don't know if I can watch this thing go down...
Your welcome, Bob.
Your joy and spirit in life are inspiring.
Really enjoyed reading your book!
lol!
The new tat looks great!
My brother told me today the only guy that deserves ur heart right now is Benjamin 
We are a Notary in the State of Georgia.
If you are in the Atlanta Area, contact us at 8666948528.
basketball game tomorrow cant wait :
Decided to trim some of my beard....just enough so I wouldn't look homeless
Finally happy again.
Love my new place, love who I live with.
Love my new life :
There's a murder behind my house in N MPLS.
But it was targeted so that's supposed to make it all better.
I wish I were with right now.
That would be pretty sweet.
Every time I hear my phone twinkling I hope it's him 3 ...
or
why does it sound like they're chanting Yankees Suck?
Trying to catch up on housework and play since starting my part time job
we voted for .
im sAD BUT HAPPY FOR
give me attention
MAN!
When you come to Los Angeles again?
At work ready to go lol
She worked in a cap company, at midnight.
We'd all go to the cab co and sleep on the floor.
She was working two jobs, so she'd wake us up...
what the actual fuck.
i acn't ...
i just....
what the fuck.
what the fuck is this.
why why why why
I always feel so doctorined after even days
The mint green for my desktop and the yellow for my iPhone.
A great message for both the screens in my life!
:
do something to make sad again and we'll write more like it.
I want kone king
to be quite honest, I'm rooting for a lockout before tipoff.
I'd say more that persuasion might need to come from a different direction than most obvious assumptions.
Software like a sushi, it always has to be fresh
anyone else working on homework/studying instead of enjoying this beautiful ABQ sunday?
Huntsman just lost it, said doubting climate scientists and evolution is crazy.
Game, set match.
Ill take ya to the candy shop, ill let ya lick a lollipop ;
that's cool.
you work those.
i did realize late that some friends could use the SW online bonuses.
Jim Farley goes from writing sound about making out in the rain to passing out in the rain
Lol, and so is her mother.
xD
Georgia State Students!
Get IN THE MIX With the MAY 17TH!
6PM!
WITH A SPECIAL QA DISCUSSION WITH !
if you win I'll be your doctorver, butler and all around Jeeves.:
The early bird catches the worm because it was in the right place at the right time.
It sounds nasty yo lmfao then these niggas try to kiss the girl RT: lol that shit nasty
haha yeah I have a hobo named flask and he's loaded!
RT : Banner overhead Liberty U reads GOP  higher school debt
Today is FCAT day!
Good luck to all!
Today in Literary History: Nobel Prize in Literature winner Boris Pasternak was born in Moscow in 1890.
you're welcome.
And my Sunday is going swell, just arose from a lovely nap.
Watching Wipeout was a great idea, 'cuz it's funny.
Watching it while writing job apps, maybe not so much.
Hank is a badass!
Yep, I'm halfway through season 3 of Breaking Bad.
If you've watched it, you know what that means!
LOL.
Maybe nick will get its crown back by this Friday's new SpongeBob going up against Wizards.
No burritos outside the bar tonight so cooking up
virtual conf sessions for aam2012 today are fab.
Current glamwiki is rocking my thoughts with the stats.
thanks Wikipedians in Residence
No, it doesn't ever get any easier.
You wouldn't want it to either.

Common Sense is Strengthened by Joy.
Rebbe Nachman Of Breslov
Dirty Birds time
Australia based studio looking for a Gameplay Programmer.
Anyone looking to work for a A studio close to the beach?
Ping me: zwalter
Ellen and Cynthia would know better than I, but there is Fox's  Brownstein's
Off and then on, off again and then on again.
SSH is magic!
Life is short, talk is cheap, so forget what people say.
Socialinboxcorp starting a twitter deals page for Madison only!
Let thousands of people see your coupons...I would love to help you out!
naaa unless you tryna fight than yes confident Lmao
How old are you?
Rarely.
LolRT : not me son...when the last time you seen me out in this shit hole SMH
thanks Al!!
Starting day 2 of this music video in about an hour and a half.
Starting off with a bit of green screen.
1 RT : My one comment is that if it is a continuum, we don't need to transition to palliative care It should be integrated
Just going to relax today.
Tomorrow it's the day at the lake watching fireworks.
thank you!
lol
Its 2012, and it started off right!!
Im ready for this yr to bring me love, happiness..well..more of it and just all around fun!!
Yeah, they do a good job.
We better enjoy them before they get some big time national gigs!!
Great comment by Chuck Klosterman  'there's no risk in hating Nickelback, and hating something feels better than feeling nothing at all.'
justin RT you that's amazing..
I'm grabbing the impossible
Yes ma'am.
I didn't buy your tickets on StubHub, did I?
Row 11?
I concur!
Thanks A!!!
follow fellow USC alum  wonder if he took any Gero courses?
Tonights visual late night snack, Carancho
I really wanna work at the aldo in the Beverly center.
I'll just have to wait though.
Also, who would have thought robocommentator last game was the better option?
I feel like I have forgotten to use the in hashtags many times.
So to make up for it
Your quite welcome: 3
I'm not sure what retweet is...
but I'll check in if you show me how/where!
Pinterest  It flattens the information hierarchy, Does that mean anything to you?
Good luck!
RT : Up early to captainre that elusive sound for radio  cows.
Happy cows don't moo, but cows getting breakfast do.
great stuff.
i deal with the dads/the men.
lets link and connect!
.
Friday Pop Music Night!
9pm11pm: 3 Three Olives Vodka Mixers All Night: 6 Xrated shots // 6 Patron shots // 5 Margaritas
Wow Target has a cute but totally knockoff version of your rad spirithoods
I remember giant Gonzalez!!
He had that one piece suit that had muscles on it am I right?
What's up?
:D
I listen to music every morning when I take a shower.
Because if I don't, it's a little quiet...like too quiet.
Like homicide quiet.
tomorrow i'm finishing packing and giving myself a makeover.happy day.
LA WONT KNOW WHAT HIT THEM!
Boozer is just too soft when it's crunch time..
aka Q4...
steelers in 1994.
yeah!
buy him beer for me!
I'll get you back ...
Looking at my ass again...
When you believe in yourself strongly enough you are willing to take criticism and share your Passion for Life!
I can't believe I'm up
what the..?
hears a thunk on door, goes to check, sees disappearing down stairs, goes out to follow
yeah true.
But I shall prevail
I Have say being up in North Hollywood is kind of a step up
Follow the best pitcher in the game right now!!
Devastated to hear about the death of Whitney Houston.
I remember jamming out to her on my Walkman back I'm the day.
:
Woot!
:D Made my day abit better.
Checked in for tomorrow's flight to NOLA.
Summit tweets building anticipation!
Its a really nice evening.
get Spotify already please
I like the sound of gravel crunching underneath my shoes.
you rock, i will follow back!
:D
: How right you are!
Time flies in the tiniest things!
im never going to get over the fact that im in love with you and thats a matter of fact

Iowa of course!
: man I wanna work out with you what's up I'm ready
So great to hang out with the kind and knowledgeable Justin Brusino who initially invited me to B an ASTD Press author!
you home?
Mind if we swing by?
Really stoked to finally see tonight at bigup for this one!
S/O to and and His session at
that makes me really sad:
Screw science.
I don't want to damn study .
Eminem / Chysler in the top 10 Superbowl Commercials so far.
Great storyline.
freely my man.
Ha.
Fun trivia facts about Pasco!
Thanks to all who participated and a big shout out to , and
We've sold some strange things at our mech table over the last 5 years; Wonder what I could get for these teeth sitting on my coffee table?!
What projects are you working on?
Where can I fit in?
Some mornings just call for a little country music :
The dog was created specially for childoctorn.
He is the god of frolic.
Henry Ward Beecher
Bottle of wine to the head now on the 2nd one
Totally agree.
Pork  slow cooker  YUM
omg..
I just heard a car horn that trumpeted melodiously!!
: Nice to meet you!
Following back.
so...I'm guessing that commercial was about Willie liking Organic pot?
Yes, please include EBUS118 in all tweets related to tonight's class.
Thanks for all of the advice  looking forward to hearing your ideas about the class page!
You rock!!
on assignment
SIlverton got 38 out of this storm!
Share, dang it!
My Love 
Pumped!
MT : FF bootcamp6 coaches/trainers
Soon to be touring all of fellow local's in pittsburgh's art
you and come visit me
My sister and her husband are there right now...SO JEALOUS!!!!
love you and Ice
Definitely!
Feel free to email us  youngsocialpros gmail com.
Just an hour and a half away, no biggie
RT : My cousin is a Frisbeetarian.
He believes that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof where nobody can retrieve it.
RT : you think EVERYONE cares.
we don't
Ayy!
Mafongito querido!!!
I bought this album when it came out in 05'  Hear Music there in the promenade in Santa Monica.
P arriba!
Loco
TONIGHT 4/12!
We're playing Wolf's Den  we start at 7PM and play 3 sets.
Tomorrow we'll be at captainin Carlos in Gloucester!
I don't think i'm gonna get either of the projects that are due monday done....
my partner doesn't even care and the other one is lame;
Tweeting the semimanditory thx for following.
Is it something the rest of you want?
I don't.
spriteslam Williams.
That was he best one yet...
I have an old watch that was my moms, the band broke.
I wonder if could make it into one of her gorgeous vintage necklaces?
Want to check out some pop music without feeling too gay?
Check out Ra Ra Riot
HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON LOVE YOU!
Harlan Platt studies unintended consequences  at least some litter is actually the unexpected result of cleanup programs...
RT : Hit publish.
I like real pentathlons!
haha idk, maybe mall or park or something
now if it was a custom authentic Adam Banks jersey you would be in business
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
I like how i felt sleepy all day at work bc of the allergy medicine i took and now im wide awake .
2ThingsIAppreciate Love and Care
Sometimes what's lacking is your imagination of all life can be.
Expand your vision of the possible!
Demetri Martin is hilarious
Loosing lip rings
are you submitting?
I love France.
Women over here are so amazing : 
Its like the entire month of April has just been one long day
Who should I follow!?
LOVE : Celebrity Apprentice: Gary is not always here on Earth with us/he was orbiting outer space for the last two days.
Hilarious!
People told me to give up trying to be special and settle down to a regular life.
Because I wanted to be something special...I knew I could.
This play needs to be produced
headed to for the pens game, yinz in?
Teeter totter......
Hello balancing act of never.
A snack is only as dangerous as the person eating it.
I'm glad I'm not the only one with this problem!
...
buying second home just for vegan cookbooks
The official 3v3 Soccer Tournament is coming to Albuquerque this August!
Sign up today at www.abq3v3.org and win an iPad 2!
I'm going to jump, too.
But I don't see it as bleak at all!
Started reading Girl Parts.
Love it!
Would've finished in 1 sitting but it got late.
Damn work and being a grown up!
:p
Super cheap, super good Russian.
ridgewood flow.
good night.
rehearsal later.
Kaoru Kakizakai return from Tokyo on Tuesday November 1 to perform on the dinner/concert series!
Now taking reservations.
Happy Halloween!
Be sure to get to 5 Points for the East Side pub crawl!!
thanks for the follow
Hahah got you Megan!
Hahaha; I wish
I love u too!!!
Ha!
Im in Chevy chase at maggianos...lol
Soo ima go see LIVE this Friday!!
:D raquel
Sick show tonight with some good friends of ours in Kamikabe and Save Us From The Archon at the Blue Violate Cafe!
SNL flow...yep I'm home on a Saturday night.
: /
Start the week with some fun at Happy Hour!
Enjoy half price appetizers, 5 house wines and specialty martinis!
spoiled!!
:P
Welcome back, students!
y'all do bottle service at which clubs
girl I'll take you to goodwill
rather than redundant, i was thinking, he's a god man, and thorough.
maude lebowski
Alas!
RT : uppers Leave it to men to pull out and leave the women to clean up the mess.
Afghanistan
Thank you for following hawaiiflowers4u
Hello, lover!
Not that we know of.
Let's make it happen!
RT : So where are my peeps at?
Are you in the paper yet?
just got back from an overnighter at snoqualmie lake...tired
Thank you bo hahahah TeamFollowBack im following everyone who follows me today!!!
Ready to go home and watch Money in the Bank.
I can't miss CM Punk's last match!
On average, does it really take 2 hours to look at a broken finger.
.
hilarious, thank you :
1 Hour Delay here in NY...on our way 2 Chicago...
I hit the up button on the elevator and the doors opened right away.
Today has potential.
Sometimes it's just best to listen.
Which session do you think would fit this topic best?
I really want to be there!
Working on a new book titled, To Kill a captainHA.
Need ideas.
because it felt good, bad...or hurt so good???
Would you like to enjoy a deeper, closer connection with your love?
If so, we recommend that you two create space in your relationship
your buns i can punch a ya buns if you're an evil witch i will punch ya for fun!
finn as a baby from adventure time.
:
Dear Garett, thanks for following!
Augh, burnt my lip : o it hurts
im in an currently 6th!
What's ur name on here so I can sweat
I wanted to chill last night but my phone erased yo 
Crushed me lol
I've piled on...
Only Wanna Be With You from Hoooooooootie is now being followed by Final Countdown from Europe.
Happy Friday everyone.
no need to battle!!
battleoftheboroughs go to MyLifeIsNY.com and stop the violence!
Please!
Think about the childoctorn!!
lol, yea, i figured that.
I get lucky once in awhile lol
If you haven't seen tour...go see it
lol true, true.
Well let's feed the thought of what could have been.
20ThingsAboutMe, I usually goof off and when it comes to most everything, but I'm always down for a serious conversation
ok coo doing it now
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream muchlove x5
I HATE YOU.
OMFG.
WE'RE NOT FRIENDS
night doll!
That completely ruined the moment and my mood :
I wish you all the joy that you can wish.
William Shakespeare
Yep, still a packed house on Tuesdays.
Who wouldn't want to spend their night listening to bad jokes around obnoxious adults
1.
Thank you throwdown for making me feel better.
2.
Fuck bitches
10 Best Arcade Games for Andoctorid
you need a map on your website.
okay i will
4 followers away from 50!!!
i know its not alot but if you follow me ill be glad to follow you and give you a shout out
was DOIN' IT last night at EDEN!
Don't be a stranger!
I love when im going to bed and I realize my phone case is glowinthedark : goodnight world!
Look, pal: if you want a Pepsi you're gonna pay for it!
The greatest wealth is health.
aww yea!!
Tell me how it goes!
I know it was a long car ride..
DOLLAR DOLLAR BILL, Y'ALL!
Remember fair use: purpose, nature, amount used, and market effect.
NBC Miami sources: Rob Lowe
you best friend back from time to time
Kirkland friends  stop by The Woodmark Hotel tomorrow night at 6:00.
Free appetizers, a book signing, wine, and a gorgeous view.
hell yeah this my last time bro lol
human body is the female egg and the
Wow, impressive!
I always get a kick when an elderly couple squabbles on the metro.
So cute and hilarous at the same time.
Oh you care about me?
You cared about me all the way to your ex's bed.
SHOUTS 2 DEM TEXAS BOYS !!
YEA YEA WE EVERYWHERE RAIN 2NITE WIT CHALIE BOY  DA VIP CROWD REPP N AZ !
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
do you regulate satellite TV providers?
If I have a consumer complaint, where can I send a copy to the FCC?
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men acting like they know u, cause u JUST accepted their FRIEND REQUEST, they went thru ur ALBUM  BAM Hey Babe!
do you get a chance to talk to the buyer's agent.
If it possible to get it done, we'll get it done.
Can I contact him?

his earings are way too big!
So gross!
Where will he ever work?
He totally doesn't own his own buisness
Same goes for The World to Come by Dara Horn.
I can never choose which.
I think his campaign is very adept at tactics, but their strategy seems to be lacking a little.
Correctable.
Haha your butt looks better than your face....
And your proud
I love
The guy doing tile work in our basement remodel sounds like a less eloquent Cletus the Slackjawed Yokel.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience  Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
ill play with you :
Went with Chatham Tap  thanks for the rec!
Indeed!
:D
was secretly here thoo :D
Episode 2 recording complete!
Topics include the new Batman film shooting in PGH, tshirt by !!
Shout out to !!
Thank you!
We certainly think we can :
i'm selena and yes even though i'm a girl,i love wwe
Dear trashy lady at the bar, please stop talking about your 'small' house on lake doctorve...it's obvious your diamonds are fake
All billlaswell now until 8pm PST on Axiom Sound System on
You betcha!
Haha RT it was real, right?
You felt it, right?
Ha!
: onscreenchemistry
See...
RT : As fuck.
We lucky RT : Everybody I touch is spoiled rotten.
its super windy!:o
If was in a magazine, I would buy every single one.3
Hello, I've waited here for you, everlong.
Wow!
Ask him if he's ever considered making ThisPresentDarkness into a movie.
Apple and Steve Jobs are hard to separate.
LeaderCultureBrand...kind of chicken or egg when you have to navigate change at the top!
i'm trying../: it was just waayy too bad this time..
just love how ppl change in a matter of months..its lik im lookin at you and thinkin i dnt even know u anymore..now i wonder if i ever did..
Guy on radio says Rose injury is hard on Chicago fans  adidas fans.
Didn't know adidas made tourney, but sympathy to all.
Perfect!
It's supposed to be amazing!
So next Thursday...around 6?
I see everybody talkin about twerk it from VIC is it bumpin
When you write about a decade, you should write the 1990s or the '90s.
It's NOT the 1990's.
It's roasting outside!
Why can't I be at the beach right now??
LOL, I choose to pass since it was just a temporary situation, but if I had to stay longer I would've had to say something.
A dog can locate the source of a sound in 1/600 of a second and can hear sounds four times farther away than a human can
This guys feels like an idiot!
:D
Ha, waking up at 6:30 makes all the difference to me:
We are quite good in the West at picking up the weak points but we are not so good at seeing what is good in Islam
Download the free webinar to learn how to create a thriving blog
If I ever saw you again I wouldn't say anything I would just watch u die inside to see me so happy with someone else fact
After watching today's games, I get the impression all of them could do a good job at losing to the Packers.
F.R.I.E.N.D.S:ight for you.espect you.nvolve you.ncourage you.eed you.eserve you.ave you.
RT : Omg I just found out isnt at kiss anymore!!!
Worst day ever!!!!!
:  aw honey!
You're so sweet!
: if you want to find success in this world, you better always be looking to build on the common threads you share with people
Adding something extra makes it entertaining though, untextbooklike, and easy to follow
Habitat for Humanity meeting tonight, 7PM at Grace United Methodist Church...
gorgeous day outside in milwaukee.
get your asses outside!
should of said 0.00 Let the market determine..
Thanks for following us  looks like we are both serving innovators in the socent space!
Let us know if we can help you!
Can Greene be worse than the bald ref in the Lamar game last night.
That guy was a disgrace to bald people across the country
Do fighters treat their skin with anything in the days before the fight that might make them cut less easily?
Moisturizer?
glad u enjoyed my preso !
c u !
Wow, Denise Richards can't act.
I mean...
I knew that but it never ceases to amaze me just how bad.
Hahaha I honestly could not believe he said that...
RT : Baron Davis hot tub time machine
yeah and than your like how is it my fault I didn't shoot you or ran off the edge lol
Good night loves 
Oh wow, Bill O'Reilly got his crayons out again and is writing another book about, this time lies about Kennedy.
cant find a program to do my scatter plot on anymore i quit.
im showing him on my calculator cuz im so done with this shit
: what time r u gonna interview the ICONic Boyz?
Serena Williams vs Marian Bartoli  Stanford live!
thanks for very good coaching!!
Helped me out alot
is music without the indie or hipster, that gawd.
Yes!
We would love to partner with you!
Have any ideas in mind?
You think you're famous and powerful, but here one truth...
YOU'RE NOT!
I love love live Shane!!!!
fuck yes.and gwar.we should kick it before then though
LOL!
Funny how that works out.
RT : Usually I'm the one asking for vodka.
But this morning vodka's asking for me!...
Priceless  Mayday Parade
eek!
Make sure to give us the update, yeah?
I'm on LSD haven BLUE doctorAMS of ISS.
alrigh you better be there
aaaahhhhh afresh new start for a brand new week....what's on your plate today?
Is currentley loving new song
true, same here, im hoping with ellis these baby steps get a little faster though
It doesn't matter where,I don't care if people stare!!:
If you have to have your documents there today, our business fax service offers quick faxing service.
Call now for more details....
come home!
HoodFebreezeScents Richard's Wild Irish Rose
It's not quite my cup of tea either, but I was not as smart as you to avoid it altogether.
Whether you're new to the slopes or just looking to finetune your technique, group lessons are a great way for kids to develop skills for 
Watching Madea for my first time.
My lord, have mercy.
Could be worse.
Could have been 'synergy.'
regular or duck fat?
whosgonnalose  New England at Houston  New England will lose
If you're feeling that daily 4pm slump, you might be dehydoctorted...
be sure to doctornk lots of water throughout the day to always feel good!
We are thrilled to announce that we are now carrying OPI's new line of UV Gel nail polish!
Ican explain it from AZ, any time youd like.It's pretty damn important.Becauseit describes also Libya,Yemen,etc
I really dnt wanna get upp rite now 
Sounds like it finally stopped.
Incredible, that went on for over an hour.
My opinions are my wife's, and she says I'm lucky to have them
I love when people try to cram small essays into 140 characters and end up shitting out what looks like badlyparsed Czech.
Interesting.
So you sell more 4 Kindle, but you like to use a Nook?
finally get a chance to get on my summer routine
I could list all the cliches as my workout motivation but the truth is I listen to really REALLY LOUD
Assumption student and 8217;s response to Norway tragedy raises ethical, legal questions
nothing doing homework hbu
missed one;.
You'll need to try the french toast ; 300 people every Sunday do ...
GO CANUCKS GO!!!
We smoked LA...
crushed 'em!
Knowledge is responsibility so pass it on.
Keep smiling.
im sorry im not justin
Interesting...
the Caps Rangers live stream is running about 12 seconds ahead of the TV broadcast.
To all the Kobe and Lakers fans...Merry Christmas from your Miaaaaaaammmmiiiiii Heeeeeeeeeaaaaaat!!
But I can't find her....
1st Time watching missing on TV pretty cool exCIA theme going on
woaahh it said I wasn't following you then.
I was like no no no no.
But its okay.
Its chilled.
I wish I was digging up gems at right now...soon.
soon.
great xpp where r u from.?
Run through this morning at the National Archives for ConSource to host David McCullough.
He will be addoctorssing 250 teachers and students.
Follow My Bro
Yeah, so was I.
Katrina also came through tonight as well.
Radical!!
RT : I found this band through , is really a GOOD BAND!
Finally found my neck pillow!!
It was under my running shorts???
oh my lord!!!
I will be in Chicago for ALA.
Will check for avail.
tix the 10th14th, but will definitely be at preopening gala.
to the mall with my mama :
I must be a fool to miss something I never had
Very cool!
haha i have a real job with a real cubicle and a real commute now
AskBieber you're perfection.
show this saturday!!!
TCGD THIN AS HELL!!!
Slap the ask
Good Luck Phils, first spring training game today.
If you are down in Clearwater look for the Philly invades Florida!
The art of twittering is 2 put as much meaning 2 160 characters as possiblenot EZ to donot doing makes it a broadcast medium
Men that are in the armed forcesHigh school boys
Planning an unconference on social media strategy for MDDCNoVa higher ed advncmt staff thanks to support.
Input welcome!
Carbs aren't evil, but they lead to glycation when eaten in surplus which will damage your body.
Ha!
I entertained Commons as a venue but I think there's a decent selection at this place.
You should come!
No problem!: I'll see if i can dm him tonight3 :  good!
: yours??
RT : BREAKING: Phillies LHP Cole Hamels suspended 5 games and fined for intentionally throwing at Nationals OF Bryce Harper.
when your trying to do something possitive with your life never let someone tell you, you can't cause you can
First fellows applications are rolling in...
If you can't tell who the sucker is, it's most likely you..
old gambler saying
Another Chris Brown lip sync?!?!
Wow Grammys , this sucks.
Makes me want to punch someone.
Wait.
no.
New iPhone rocks!
They fixed all the things that needed fixing.
About time.
I would have too...
That's too kind of her to do that
is the game at 2 or 3?
My phone won't list the time zone
RT listening to Nielsen Mobile's David Gill on Does the iPad Change Everything?
is today your birthday??
December 17  Rihanna 
In the lab listing to new beats summer here we come!
DC: Word on the street, domestic violence at the mayors home.
Surprise, surprise!
You ain't heard nothing yet.
Wait until 9/15/2010..DDAY..
Tomorrow eve I will have dinner w/ 89 yr old mom and her pals in asst'd living place.
A hoot!
BASE Camp Free Food Pantry; Saturday, April 21, 113 call Cheryl Hill 4073991395 BASE Camp Office, 140 N Orlando, WP bring your own bags.
Glad I could help!
Have a great Wednesday!
RT : yeah!!
Made my day.
Thanks Toni!
I wish I knew the recipe for those !
Lol
Metalwork  Blog  Exam Bible 642642 IP Communications latest ...
thank so much for the mention
Hold on.
Hold on boys!!!!
Thanks for the follow
oh i love her!
The Broncos are insane!
Who wins like that!
Fox, Tebow and the new Orange Crush!
Thank you Matt Prater!
FYI, if you're a dude and weigh less than 170 you need to chill w the tough talk on twitter!!
we win on a walk off in the 10th against TEXAS and still don't make the front page?!
Fucking pathetic.
Starbucks and bumping doctorke.
God morning, Los Angeles!
hot soup alert!
soupoftheday at the Village is now split pea w/croutons
follow me?
pretty please with a cherry on top 
Watch the Pirates try, try again against Houston following last night's 01 loss ...
7:05/ROOT ...
I wish I could.
Father died when I was 4.
Mother when I was 17.
3 grandparents died before I was born.
4th died when I was 8 :
In Networking you actually have to reach out and touch people for the sales process to work but it also needs to be done SMART.

hours raw are always good
LOL...put it this way...I could have brought my camera, and made it into a scene!
:P
that's the plan!
:
That hoe head shinning as hell like sum crisco oil on her fore head plus it look like yo buck EYES about to POP out Yo Face Lol
Great article.
Although, any liberal arts degree worth it's weight will teach you
Your pics were amazing!Now I have to get to writing the blog post.
:s Thanks so much, I will credit you
I'm just wearing jeans because it's a fast food restaurant and they don't really care :
that's just nasty!
He's old and gross!
No singer or radio show host is going to make you a millionaire Matt Morris.
So listen to audiobooks in your car!
Talks continue, but teachers union takes first step toward strike  Chicago Tribune
The Life To Come has released thier new EP Fortune Tellers and has put up a new layout!
Check them out and show them some love.
3
Goodnight, Boston!
I think it would be a good idea.
Mahatma Gandhi, when asked what he thought of Western civilization
this song is really killing me softly...
Take one minute out of your day today to remember sexual abuse victims and those who are trying to heal from the trauma.
for sure...not sure if they charge, but worth asking!
latina issue?
....
Follow
you could be preoccupied, different date every night you just got to say the word..
Oh hai Tuesday.
yeah I'm 18 and I am a little nervous...but mostly excited!
Omg...
Imma regret..
This..
Paid in hoes
It was for Earth Day.
We had a lot of fun.
They did a nice job!
Can't find my ASTONISH ME book by John Lahr.
I may never be able to astonish again...
I do the same thing lol : RT : I hate talking on the phone...
But I'll always pick up for her lt;3
is all I am interested in :
Studying motivation right now.
Eh, I think I'll check my City, Twitter, and Facebook right quick.
Mercedez is tripping 

Attending a secret society meeting at the Maxboxing cave!!
: I'm letting go now..
You can either stay, and hold me..
or you can go, and hold her.
If investments in surface transportation infrastructure are not made soon...
Hey, maybe him and JaMarcus Russell can have sizzurp together RT : The oldest SFGiant was taking CHILdoctorN'S cough medicine?
thanks man!
Mad at David..
Living the Kosher life?
Dons fret!
Kotel Kosher will be opening soon
Life is what you make it
.
says rockstar fans influnce 45 of that musician's revenue.
Wow.
When guys use excessive smileys I feel like I'm texting a girl 
We can't promise to do it without laughing.
:P
hell yea vanilla ice sample!
...
...
...
pop the weasel anyone ?
Pain specialist to host discussion
can u make out what it is?
Wow!
Vale La Roja!
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!
But this team does need someone to step up and take the ball in the 9th
Michael Phelps I would just wake up at 11 am...play video games.
I was so lazy.
Well, now I feel EXTREMELY lazy.
And watching khuram's dumbass tell me how to pass the SAT
I'll be in way late.
I am sorry, but only for myself for missing out on the morning!
:
IDK MAN, I WANNA PUNCH HER IN THE FACE.
Starbucks at exit 138.
Maybe 1 of the best ever.
these guys are in it to win it.
Happy 23rd birthday, !
Gonna practice by standing on your head?
Matt just did a triple take when saw you on the office.
Go Matadors!
Great job
happy birthday again lol
off topic: Today is our 1 month anniversary with our adopted rescue dog Casey, who rescued us :
Music gives a soul to the universe,wings to the mind,flight to the imagination , and life to everything.

uh, anytime
211 Hello 15211, Fundamental Data Structures and Algorithms!
Happy May Day!
The hits plus duties this Memorial weekend!!!
The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB til 3am
and to that I say Vernon Gholston.
I've never been a fan of freak athletes who perform well at combine.
Just my opinion
Case could still be settled or found for or against fair use.
But sweeping solutions through the courts are not appropriate
; watching creepy stuff on the internet
There's difference between INSPIRATION  IMITATION LOL Don't want to sound Madonnaesque but look it up Some ppl like pushing my buttons.
Cleveland artist send your hottest tracks to eighty81 is about to properly represent this city with this mixtape
: shut up and go take some pictures, camera boy!Little Kanye hates Cameras!
Lol
but i am so stuck and I'm already sleepy and i have only info in my head for like one more page not 5 Dx
Boston restaurant recommendations?
Vegfriendly please.
Auburn honor here I come
Your level of faith is seen not by how much you believe during smooth times, but how much you believe during challenges.
I haven't laughed this much in a while
: Looking for restaurant/beer recommendations for Portland and Seattle.
hmm...so many
I do it for her
Sweet!!RT : Lookin' forward to hosting six friends at for the 9:30a service.
If you don't ask, they won't attend.
Apple is now a 50 billion company.
Just sent some sample fiction to an editor who requested it.
Scarier than it sounds.
hahaha!!
they sure have!!
RT : See you tonight for some sour blend presenTASTING with brewmaster Eric Salazar!
ithoughtyouwerecute until you said you were a Republican.
Thanks for following us!
Have you thought about adding app reviews to your site?
I know one you could review!
Hey tell me a page I can go to that explains how to use tweeter
Finally bounced back from the weekend..
Woo
I'm in this bitch bored!
Not sure, there are few cases in the lit.
Stress is reported to play a role.
My guy is similar but even more extreme
BUSY DAY for the FINS!
Mens Lax host Manhattan at 1, wmn T and F at Championships, JU hosts sand vball asun tourny, Rowing at SIRA and HOF!
If you listen to peoples worries and get to share your vision with them, you will become a respectable leader.
I'd love that!
I'll be there Friday, but only for a few hours on my way to OU.
Also the first weekend in June.
I hope Charlie Sheen picks me to be his TigerBlood intern.
I really wanna know what goes on in the mind of Rick Wild Thing Vaughn.
there you go, the essential race question of the day
Bad night bad day
100 brought on self.
Sets them apart RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history.
Is there any debate?
Some people are in your life for the time being and others are there for a life time  either way life goes on ...
Sunday Funday starts back up in just 2 weeks!
This year we're offering brunch specials for all Sunday Baseball games
I said it before I'll say it again great show!
Way 2 go !
Pepper hicks kicks!
Bryce Harper just doubled.
This time he removed his helmet AND punted it, all without breaking stride.
Legend.
Wicked Wednesday Follows RT 
I firmly believe that crop circles are the work of a cereal killer.
Scanner Monitor: Accident S Parker Rd  S Atchison Way
Hope everyone had a safe and fun Halloween last night.
But remember ...
There's nothing scarier than Computer Viruses!
shame lol....
u should
faeries are smart!
for sure I love hanging with you guys
What a great time  freshman formal!
my life is literally a joke right now.
Cox cable commercials will always sound a little dirty to me.
I wish 70's porn music played in the background.
Connect with Cox today.
you are crazy and I love it :
Tuneyards, Doomtree, Trampled by Turtles, and The Hold Steady?
This Rock the Garden lineup'll definitely do.
Yup.
:
hells yeah.
om shanti.
complete email message just sent to me by a friend confirming which yoga class we'll attend.
Lovely mail today: a cheque from my agent and my new business cards.
Beautiful catch Cutch
why are you going back so soon!
Hoping Tyler Kennedy is okay, don't wanna see another Pen go through a concussion.
GET WELL SOON TK
FF , RTing the functionally illiterate one at a time.
I got the flew.
...
Need more close in my closet.
kickback tonight 
big guy with truck and 2 dogs is an unlicensed contractor.
His partner who is licensed has been gone for 3 years...bad stuff
I was wondering if I had missed Buff Smurf when I use to watch that cartoon
RT : We'll be there w/ free treats for Mon.
Fri films!
MT : Don't miss SPHs film festival, April...
happy birthday, mark!!
is all over caps lock this evening
My Cop Radar fucking broke
Day 2 and today the books are open!!!
Hopefully my hopes and doctorams of original thought won't be crushed today!
Everyone's got a thing.
Mine is that I'm into sports, right?
I meant gonna not honda lol
ok, I have sent you the email with info needed...
sometimes we ask God to give us direction in life and careers paths.
So in turn he provides us ways out to set us up for bigger
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
So happy to be home 
that's totally about me....
jk
Cochino!
LMAO although that site is VERY interesting...
interesting in deed.
Ironman anyone?
I always thought it would be coaching that would kill JoePa.
Apparently, that's what kept him alive.
Make plans now to attend SECCA's fall opening on Thursday, Nov.
3, 7pm.
Live performances, music, refreshments.
Cash bar/free admission.
I bet my mom will flip a shit when she sees me in a bit lol
Need to get some for the holidays.
sounds like a great idea!
I can only imagine what mischief occurs at the Megadeth, Testament, Slayer show.
Planning a spring vacation w/ the family?
Stay w/ us  experience SanDiego's kidfriendly fun like  more!
I feel like I actually understand pre calc and trig.
It only took me failing it once to finally get it.
I've been using the same old computer mouse for like 7 years.
It's grimy and gross with a big layer of ground in hand slime.
Nice huh?
haha I know.
I don't know how y'all can stand to be on a bus for that long.
I'd go crazy
There's no abiding success without commitment.
Lol I Hate The doctorer Too And I'm Getting My Hair Done 2mm
criminalminds just sucks right now : WHY WILL :
I've been researching different portfolio platforms all night.
I'm growing tired of coding my website myself.
Any suggestions?!
Soundtrack 2 my life is the soundtrack to my life
Im just gonna leave the rest up to God.
I took a look.
Couldn't quite place the language.
Ok let's pull out the W tonight!
Yeah!
Welcome back Lopez!
No matter what the temperature outside, Truman High School will always be freezing.
Fact
Summer isn't far away.
Time to step it up.
We want Tacos
Thank you so much for your loyalty.
:
you all are amazing inspirations!
And so talented!
Please follow me you would make my day!
Thanks 3 Ti Amo!
3
Great show.
I set my alarm to watch Sat  Sun.
The format really works.
And the guest...Wow.
Outcomesbased assessment first thing in the morning!
Yes I do!!!
Follow me?
:D
Mom told my 9year old that she's talking to the Big Guy.
My daughter replied, Santa?
Hello Monday.
Guess we'll all find out tomorrow!
: RT It is?
RT : Appears so, huh?
; RT It is April fools isn't it.
S/O to da mama's who put they kids to sleep before u let a nigga come ova, thats tells alot RESPECT FMG LOL....
good morning!
Never doubt that your vote counts.
Important business for our elected leaders to endhomelessness in 2012.
You promised me the world.
Show me what your after...
Come on down!
I just realized every run I have had for 6 months has been in Tosa.
Deciding if I want to break that streak.
Good afternoon everyone!
Nothing to report today, but if you have something I should wrote a/, send a DM or email
Physics...
There are no words.
An army of asses led by a lion will always defeat an army of lions led by an ass
New Headphones Comming In This Week...Ultrasone DJ1...
last call to win a free ipad2 tonight.
www.playffnow.com
Thank you!
Good morning Happy Mother's Day ladies :
Cheers, Gary!
Looks like a beautiful view!
Snow is heading into Colorado!
If you have any coats sitting in your closet that are not being used please doctorp them by our warehouse
you're very welcome : giggles
Make sure you go HAM on something you do today.
Are you currently freelancing?
Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon!
Shoutout To Those Supporting Good Music!
Can I Get A Follow Back Please???:
Why is there never anyone for the rebound?!?!?
'I decided to stick it between my legs.'
It's still instructive.
It's good to know about the predations of the Wild Rose  paradoxical relief of liberals at PC's win.
Just got a huge new shipment of Hunter Boots at the Magazine and Canal Place locations!
Your comments make more sense than the entire article.
Alcohol research scientist?
More like bag of dicks...
WTF right?
RT : The framing always costs more than the art.
This girl at a shoot yesterday said, Do her hair like yours, with less frizz
Good morning and hello to the reader from Isle of Man...
:
Agree!
Hahaha.
what's your name btw sweetie?
Busy, fun day: 's chapel talk, Reagan in Presidential Rhetoric, Baldwin Oratorial Contest,  play rehearsal!
ryanbraun is worth every penny
Ships anybody?: M
I get to the see in two days and I can't freaking wait!
Hi!
I'm Jill, working as a temp academic reference librarian while looking for a library job.
Bahahaha!!
GULP is right!
;
It's an age old debate.
But I'm my mind it's finally resolved.
Tone Loc  Young MC
I love him, too.
Sounds like a great ride, and it's a beautiful day for it!
Couldn't go, no ride home.
Sorry
3 job offers in the last four days!!
All of which they approached me without me applying!
Working at the courthouse again!
:D
horrible memory too!
Lakers down games to 0.
They'll still win.
SAT word of the day: parsimony frugality, stinginess
imma have hit u in a min she got all the details
No one at work is talking about the Oscars.
That pretty much sums it up.
Ugh...
It stings knowing so many nice people pay good money just to be hot and wait.
: Thanks for thinking about us!
o
heard u already got some customers too.
Haha emily
Now THAT would be something
whenever you put this  I say E.T.
Remember?
Lol
Too focused to be unfocused.
Headin over to see tomorrow...
gotta get some pics
So excites to see stroll!
LHRDEN.
Very rough landing in this wind.
Black film of the day The Reading Room.
This is a really good movie, I highly recommend it :
no im not ghetto like that.lol
veep and bed.
Still in super disbelief about Game of Thrones.
I gotta start reading the books.
If life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, lets all get wasted and have the time of our lives.
The best brownies...are the ones you eat from the pan.
:
Do you have an event coming up?
list your events with us, help us to grow and we help you to glow.
www.tncnews.com/events
Dammit, why do I always think steampunkchat is in the 7pm hour?
Anyway, John Frame at is awesome, you should go.
: Is Freese better than Kung Fu Panda?
lfh, at baseball yes, at eating, no.
WSJ now too?
there has to be a better way to do social news than doctorving it all through a FB app
Will finally get a chance to watch some NbaPlayoff games for the first time since last week!!!
fxck everything right now.
: Bo no prom date for me sucks don't like gameplayers it's okay I don't have one either!
I think it's better with no date ;
My back fucking hurts.
Don't tempt me!
I can't leave that store without loving most things in there.
Including the adorable dishware.
wow!
that's awesome!
if there were a cappella groups at my college I think I'd leave, but it's oh so fun to see what everyone is up to on good old fachebook
Thank you for all the support .
Makes me really happy to be able to
Highly recommend the vibram 5s.
After day one I was good to go with my eliptical workout.
A6 Confession: the closest I'll get to dancing 'in da club' is Country Night at Truth.
Don't even bother replying if all you're going to say is oh lol
Yay!
I have a hair straightener!
Is it time for Community yet?
Rebecca Tabbert and Joel Marion killed it this morning at the Fitness Business Summit.
Next up in my Reliving 2011 video tour is the horrible Chiefs game.
Think Ill rewatch the 2nd Vikings game instead!
don't mind at all  good lookin out!!
Oh stress never quits chewing at nerves does it?
CHIN UP!
Is the Hunger Games about cats?
The new live recording sounds badass.
My daddy was sellin out too.
Hahahah
hell yeah!
:
Llistening to everyone around me spewing about people who spew oo much in Madison
Blake Griffin doesn't care if he's on the bench!!
TEAM comes FIRST!!
Oh okay.
I always thought you were around here
I need to go tanning.
Really?
I just want Santana to get a spinoff haha.
Can't wait for 's album!
Working out, chilling.
You?
what's your goal on followers
Ah damn guess we still competing for Luck.
But Rex played good 2day
Thanks for the retweet, !
Hope to see you at Friday's soon :
Roses are red, violets are blue...Why not surprise mom with a flower....OF YOU!!!!
Give us a call to rent our wearable bouquet!
some hacked my account!!!
Radelet: Instances of violence has actually fallen in the African Countries we consider as developing and democracies.
best mac an cheese evaaahhhh
hey buddy, thanks so much.
What are you up to?
Any news?
How is the standup show going?
Lets try to hang out soon.
ha ok dude i gotcha......
Thanks, Zach.
And of course you can too.
hug back
No it isn't!
It's funny!
Anyone up for a laugh?
Don't follow
ugh my head hurts.
You're ugly.
You'll need a second site for sandbox testing  can give you a hand with any questions!
did you do ustream today?
Perrin singing Milli Vanilli????
You know its true.
: RT : Girl!
You know you love this life!
Hope that's wrong.
Hawks Would miss Bolly.
Jason Wu for Target, here I come!
Done with school!
It's weird not having school.
5 weeks to live it up!
DailyQuote: The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
John Berry
At least Romney is being honest about his EtchaSketchiness?
I want to ride on a motorcycle
just got home from school
IBM Introduces New Foundation For Mobile Computing
Omfgg doctornk people are so funny
Hold off on that flight.
Blasted sun back out already.
I'll alert you to any pending feline action though.
Great night with a lot of awesome artists.
Thanks TheSunTheMoonTheStars, Birdhand, , , the crowd, and !
Looking at MacBook Pros.
My poor baby ha a dead battery and sounds like an airplane taking off.
Guess that's what happens after 4.5 years...
Thanks!
Let's talk shop end of next week.
What day/time works for you?
Happy New Year!
New Mexico Satellite Man thanks , , and Enterprise Rental Center for taking care of his truck, today!
We don't have specific expansion plans, but we're always happy to hear ideas.
Where are you?
GOTTA have love for the fam 
Come on Knicks damn!
Getting ready to judge the youth exhibits at statewide History Day in Idaho.
Should be fun!
RT : We're very excited to cheer on our celebrity team at the Celebrity Video Game Challenge charity fundoctoriser...
u copied my name.
Be more original ;.
Hi my name is Paul I like big dick in my loose asshole.
Excuse me?
my msg alert thingy  new msg, msg didn't send, 3 msgs, rest of the time...yes that's how the icon shows up it makes me laugh
u better stop that
I'm counting on you, mom!!
They finally expelled me...fuck it
a NASCAR fan, eh?
RT : Q2 How do people learn socially?
what is this?
we'll be at the horseshoe October 8th...
is that part of it?
I wanna be part of this
San Diego's Sheriff Bill Gore is a huge big bang fan!!!
who knew
Twitter makes me love people I've never met.
Thanks to I just sweat my a off  Bikram Yoga Milwaukee....
Only 19 more classes....
Stay away from any flaming doctorPs!!
Nice pic of beloved city.
Hi!
Thanks for following Ms.
Trina!
Awwwe.
What's wrong, best friend!?!?
:O Any way I can help you?
And omg I missed you so much!
YouHaveNoIdea!
Apple fest in the home town of the AmericanPickers!
artisansgonegreen.com
be home by then.
later?
My mom and dad are officaly Deacon and Deaconess.
Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!!!
Off to Miami bitch
We made it to Friday!
Come raise a pint of our justtapped double IPA or petite saison!
Or both!
Snow day.
I'll probably be waiting in it for a long time.
The bus I'm relieving most likely just past.
: Only the red ones, there's something in that dye...
EtsyStoleMyIdea ..
Damn etsy strikes again
Tlkin to Justin doctorw Bieber :P
LOL.
Yes.
He's alive.
As far as I know at least.
I didn't end up strangling him.
:
nope just the local then the LP.
Where does the white go when the snow melts?
what do you have going on in my town
Spell check.
To not lose entries for unique valid terms maybe tap into authority records.
Let's get to stop in roc on there way to toronto in April.
I need kickass music to look forward to
I doubt it!!
Last night I doctoramt The New Yorker was doing a theme issue about the letter U.
Think of the possibilities!
Uzbekistan, Uma, Underwear...
they have thoes everywhere o.O
Theres a lot to be happening in the future of Outofdablue!
LOL WHILE THERE RUNNING IM GONNA SLAP THERE ASS AN THROW DOLLARS LMAO
We made it to Florida!
so thirsty.
vitamin water soundss soo bomb
you dumb for that move
Kick butt pal!
Let me know how it goes!
Sounds amazing!
Have a great trip!
Thanks you for the mention!
Jesus said .....
about homosexuality.
Stat: In 2009, Los Angeles County sentenced the same number of people to death as the State of Texas.
follow back?:
No worries, I'm eating cookie dough instead!
on behalf of my mother: thank you.
I have died everyday waiting for you.
Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years.
I love you for a thousand more.
Actually looking forward to class tomorrow.
Weird.
I'm not for negative about gogo comments today.
Keep that that shit to yourself...
Seen in the apple store and at the lidz at the Beverly center today in LA.
I love LA man.
getting ready for a session with and Hollan......
Lets go people
Loving life in Mizzou!
we have a bonfire going!
we r now listening to AlisonKrauss :
Just had to do something I haven't had to do in a while...turn down a last minute gig at The Rave in Milwaukee tonight.
K!
WILL BE THERE FOR ROSE!
Let me know if you find any great specials on some electronics...like Ipads...Thx...lol
It's about time, don't you think!
:
But this isn't empowerment!
It is a way men control sexual  reproductive lives of women...and so is slutshaming btw, Rush Limbaugh
awe so cute
Sorry for the lack of recent tweets, followers!
Becca has been out of the office.
What a perfect Mother's Day gift!
:
she don't want to date anybody right now..
cuz she is too focused on college right now.
Muse cover band.
Then you have a life full of fantastic days!
Yes???
I live for the moments you can't put into words.
Truth.
RT : i could really use an office with a door right now.
testimonial!
Eileen Hattersley: Lifespire has a great environment and is one the most respected companies I have ever been involved with.
Hey its Tia.
Claires surgery didn't go to well...
So we don't know what's gonna happen now..
:/
got it!
Definitely , Craft and Commerce, The Waterfront, , Basic Pizza, The Neighborhood
Hey Brooklyn, so do you have Irv promotional flyers?
If so hit me back, I could post them in downtown Chicago.
Thanks.
I want NBA childoctorn marry me griner?
I got whatever
Bubble bath time!
Good Morrow Lady Bx..
Enjoy the remainder of the day's light
Might go on a walk in a little bit cause it feels nice outside :
I was actually at the same bar as Erin potter, who as usual refused to acknowledge my presence.
hope u tune in i got fans asking for biti and sabrinas song
On which day?
i'm at busch gardens whee
Thinking about how to infuse a teacher credential program with technology.
I rode my bike across America this summer for Thanks for mentioning this great cause this morning!
Hi Kathleen!
You are very welcome.
You've always been very supportive of me.
THANKS!
sometimes MS get it wrong..,
These next two weeks are gonna be harder than I thought..
But Poland better be ready, bc I'm bout to tear it up!
PARTY TOMORROW, YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?!?!?!?
HOT BOIIIS;
room renovating, much?
i freakin' love the new look.
GoCard access to PreClinical Science Bldg.
down temporarily, but the problem is being fixed.
Potowmack Elementary student says, I have learned so much from Spanish...por favor reconsidera la idea de cortar mi clase favorita.
Na you're good.
Yes, we did a mock game.
Just one round, no fast money.
That's basically it though...
That feeling when you have three browsers  41 tabs open and an audio advertisement starts playing.
WHERE IS IT COMING FROM?!?!?!
this was before he was in btr
natural curls..grow it out some more!
will look awesome
This time it isn't selfish and overbearing
Stupid me
Dear Miami people, a question isnt an autograph lol.
These delicious tiny tangerines make me feel like a giant:!
Very yummy!
loving not loving this week's temps.
hey guys this is justin bieber and I'm gunna say this at the beginning of everything even though the whole world knows who I am.
no thank goodness, one of the pairs were my Louboutins!
why is augustrush trending right now?
What, was loveactually in the bathroom?
Wishing everyone a wonderful day with their VALENTINE!
Getting ready foods being cooked Lets get it
cause i'm living here in ATown.
aka Allentown
just relized every Jonas child has a twitter but frankie and all in that order too
Umpph.
RT : Justin Timberlake you TRAITOR!
You better be on the Memphis sidelines tomorrow afternoon!
i don't think so either, she has probably turned a corner in her life
You have classic crack head potential
Follow us on Twitter!
I can forgive your screaming child that throws toys, but you need to shhh with your stomping and loud phone calls if ur living on 2nd floor
One of my favorite RedSox bullpen fails ever.
editing my blog.
making some changes.
Psalm 34:12 Whoever of you loves life and desires to see many good days,
No doubt thanks for having us
City softball tournament going on.
Got a win last nite, quarter finals 2nite!
Let's go S.o.b.'s
I'll go the extra mile to make you smile
Get all the sleep you need this week because next week we start the ABF with a preparty on Wednesday!
See you on the dance floor!
;
check out all the movies English people are just ugly, or do you get that from your aunt, I mean your mom
: That awkward moment when you get crumbs in your bra.omg, this just happened to me!
Congrats!
Can't wait to read!
Thinking about my sister Shambrea
Need a Larry The Quaker mascot!?
every game, all the games
Rhythmandblues singer Ralph Tresvant is 44.
Actor David Boreanaz is 43.
Political correspondent Tucker Carlson is 43.
Okay Chad, that is just wrong to torture me like that!
I can be so stupid sometimes.
Probably ate a bug too.
what school district are you??
I'm NISD
Oh shyt I'm late gotta head to the studio
Spongebob really got me and Jay dying right now, lolol.
Welcome to the REAL Assembly Hall Basketball with championship banners.
See u tonight for the battle against UofI  triple points!
haha!
: , text me got something to tell you!!
aaahh.
Thank you soo much!
I hope I get to go,I would LOVE to meet them3
Oh no, I did in fact work for 10 hours.
But I barely worked all quarter up until this point ;
Came to denver as part of First Data.
Making Denver more global will make Denver a great place
Maybe in 2015 my bad relationship with this franchise can finally end.
Thanks for another wasted season isles it never gets new
awesome!
RT : I know I feel bad for not attending, but I've been out walking for all day!
caught the interview on WNYC, that's while I'm now following your behind.
Interested in the SBSW workshop, HTBB
Lol I just realized I have like a lot of he.
Whoops.
I should get on that
In need of a tat.
have a sweaty blast!
I wanna come with you guys next time you go!
cc:
: You know, I think and have a future in car chase playbyplay Agreed, quite compelling.
Tonight on at Ten: jetfuel leaks from Mitchell Aiport pipe into sewer water.
We ask county officials: who pays for the cleanup?
Headed to Midway for my trip
Thanks, pal.
Never ignore a cry for help because it might just be their final plea.
This Prince of Persia movie is good.
Can't believe I've never scene it before.
Your name is like my name, but in a different way!
AW!
Thanks so much!
You made my night!
3
I really really really really really miss basketball
Opening Day at Parkview Field with the Fort Wayne TinCaps is only 17 days away!
but u look like a pimp wit no swag
FIRST SHOW SOLD OUT  2ND SHOW ADDED  COMEDIAN KEVIN HART AT HAMPTON COLISEUM ON SAT 2/11 AT 11:30PM  ON SALE TODAY AT 10AM
nope!
Yall wish i was over there!
But too bad lol
Listening to I agree with the hype so far.
Oh, thats a bit too harsh.
Let me put a lol at the end of it.
In WaPo's A to Z of area gardens, I have visited 12.
Butterflies Hawaii Island Jazz Knot Lunar Mary's Osprey Smithsonian Tiny Xavier Yellow
THAT is one sweet ass pic!!!
You guys are ROCK!!!
Optionz FL will be participating in the Brides Day Out event at the Blue Martini Feb 12 114pm.
Stop by and check us out!!
Yeah come  you should be able to just walk in.
55 5th Ave.
RT : Empowerment  Eggs has ended, but the conversation is still going.
Join us with
Liam's afraid of spoons...
Are you trying to kill him??
Aww, yay!
: RT : thatcampphilly is full of the friendliest digital humanities people this side of the Mississippi
old pickup w/fascinating sticker collectionPRO: bush, marines, women, equal rights, guns, law, darwinANTI: clinton, doctors, lawyers, god.
Hit Me Up
I would give both of yall L's.
Pacers or the spurs
who needs a photographer when all you need is a camera phone  a bathroom mirror!
Anyone tried Mary Catherine's new blackberry cobbler yet?
Use it to post my blogs.
Need to get away!!
Southbound and down with CDB, Journey, JCash, Eddie Rabbitt, JReed and Brad Paisley cranked.
That would be a JAM session!
an idea for a mini: damian wayne is batman..kills ras al guel and lives forever using the lazarus pits.
Got my flowers planted on Mother's Day, now to put the veggie garden together.
Need antideer ideas.
They ate all the peppers last summer.
great point to create cost/benefit analysis of committee meetings...
is it worth  to make that decision?
: that's okay!
nice to see you on my feed.
been thinking of you this week.
Told ya so!
:P CONGRATULATIONS on your SAJA reporting award.
baby can i get a refill?
;
A hundoctord thousand girls hearts just broke when they heard say the L.
Word not me I say congrats thankfully it wasn't
Huh?
RT started work at Green Bay's FOX affiliate on December 26, 2011.
have not lost a game since.
Give Me Love By Ed Sheeran 3
I haven't been here in more than 30 days.
The wine's still strong, the nights are long but the faces have all changed.
ADeadletter
Passport to Style Event this Thursday!
haha  I didn't even catch that until now!
btw the other night me  were playing some battlefield, in the bazar I went 120 straight
Friday night, happy hour time!
You actualy have free comics??
We don't have any.
Just Marcia Clark coming to visit.
Some dude at the mall wanted to fight me cause apparently I shouldn't of said hi to his girl...
I swear some ppl haha
all of my happi moments hav been raining weddin, birth of child,nkotb cruise etc
Kevin Kavanaugh 1 felony count for also stealing from our veterans
I work at We offer a 30 day free trial.
Email me if you have other q's  :

Good morning.
Woke up late today.
Still very tired....
Couldn't stay awake past 10:30 last night...so I'm up early!
And ready to tackle the day!
haha!:Is it cold up there?!
Taking off my media analysis hat for a moment, I just watched mister Popper's Penguins and it was adorable.
FWIW, perfect ending to a long day.
I wonder if it's too late to follow my childhood doctoram of becoming a breakfast cereal taste tester.
Ran into Katy Perry crowd in downtown St.
Paul.
Messed up my science museum parking.
...are not part of our national memory.
There is something heart wrenching about the widely shown images and film clips of the event...
: UCF got a 5m grant to help with training of workers in the STEM areas WHsummit
Eat seafood harvested in a sustainable way What do u think is the easiest way to help our oceans?
Work here in a min.its gonna be interesting.
Well hmu ig
RT : Q2 We may have to make smaller chunks of learning if the cloud allows for quicker short bursts of access.
clouduc8 agree
Is there a telephone company in America that uses American call centers excusively for its American customers?
Looking for a GREAT Stocking stuffer?
Mini Moo's are only 2.99 plus tax and will make anyone a happy camper!
Get yours before they are gone
Need my nails did n my toes..they looking a little ghetto over here
The moment you decide to stop learning, you give up on life..
As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me
OMG look whos on twitter
I Remember Freshman Year I Always Walked Fast To Class So I Wouldn't Be Late , Now I Just DGAF
you should've saved that blank tile.
Bittersweet RT : If you're in NYC/DC and need dogwalking, you should use my friend's company: www.lesstalkmorewalk.com
Lets go White Sox in the Crosstown Classic!!
With lies you may go ahead in the world  but you can never go back  Russian Proverb
Can some one explain to me what the be iconic camp is ??????
MT : We declare this Friday to be Hoosier Nation Day!
All loyal IU fans should wear cream  crimson.
Dark, acid comedy, too.
and he doctornk all the soda .
; keep hating.You just jelly, hoe.
:
So we were rerouted to SAV.
Bummer.
Wonder when I'll get home.
hahahah i use pick up lines on guys.
this one is really good.
i dont mean to impress you, but im batman;
Up early to go to the largest Labor Day parade west of the Mississippi!
genius marketing: Bieber has 21 million followers on twitter
Im having a label contest Know of any good labels to enter for FREE?
Email them to
stay strong : I've lost an uncle your not the only one we love you!!!
And we are all here for you x
asdfghygtrfde u have a bf?!
Details.
Everybody should go out and buy the new john mayer cd when it comes out trust me its worth it
Love when my clients are happy!
Engagement Brunch was a hit!!!!
Today is FooddoctorveFriday!
Bring us your canned goods and we'll donate them to Capital Area Food Bank.
In return, get 10 off your bill :
Well Duhh Cause I Just Followed Yu Back.
Nice to get the first Yankees win out if the way.
I don't wanna be a dick, but to have the guy and the girl to shoot out in the 3pt contest is really unfair.
For a number of reasons.
follow me please follow me please
sconnienation represented at the
Big announcement coming!
haha.
Here's a translation of my jibberish: Oh my god....its perfection...
RT : RT : Most HR  recruiters look at functional resumes as ur trying 2 hide something.
I have GOT to schedule my visits better to catch the catfish before it swims away...lol
You are so annoying!!!!
Join us tonight for the season's first Cheese Fondue Sunday.
A fun dish to share  guaranteed to keep you warm on a cold winter night.
lol but I'm done too bad you don't have anyrhing better to do, you aren't even worth my time to sin via twitter
Heading over to house to watch the new Game of Thrones.
Fucking nerdy.
what's going on good sir?
I know you're eagerly anticipating this summer break!
is off t o Mesopotamia.
GhettoNickNames any name that is doubled is ghetto
Mother's Day gift cards available!
Show Your Mom or Wifey so hair Love!
My hair doesn't lay right for me to wash it and wear it kinky curly.
It just looks a hot mess when I do that.
Lol.
Nap time.
will only eat again if very doctornk or very hungover.
So, often.
I officially HATE braces!!!
how come I can't have Siri!
My Samsung Galaxy S2 is still the best though
It is a sad day when you go into a bookstore and cannot find an Alistair MacLean book on the shelves.
My mom is like yelling at me..
Like stfu idc..
Tht guy deserved it idc howuch pain he is in
A lot of people don't deserve the kindness they receive
yeah I do but that doesn't really matter...
yeah I didnt mean to write that so
Kick back  relax  ProspectGrill in La Jolla w/ a bottle of SKYY  VIP table for 99!
With 60 off, don't let this deal pass you by!
1 blue book, 2 scantrons, 2 packs of advil, and a pack of pencils.
Sounds like a midterm day shopping list to me!
Ugh got a new cock ring can't get it off in on lol its on for good
nice 1st qtr Spurs, finish them!
yes indeedy.
a delicious 510 min.
walk away...
omg ididnt know that really where at ??
To send or not to send  YOLO
Love you
My tooth medicine makes me so tired
Why do hospitals refer to even calling it the Emergency Room...
It is a room all right not social?
You will be after the EMERGENCY.
5 hours
I don't like people being down but For what ever reason you are special : don't forget that you matter 33
Diana thank you for taking the time from your busy schedule to travel to the shop, we really appeciate and value your input!
Is something still scaring you?
I no how much u really want somebody want somebody that don't really need u,I know how much you really want somebody, that ain't tryna keep.
Thanks guys!
Means the world to us.
fallow me please
okay she said thank you and to tell people her username is :
yeah my parents finally let me come back :p
Biology class....bo
I shine, you shine.
I'm down dey on yu RT : I want some boneless wings today
Darn!
I can't make it to NY that day.
I do hope to see the HuffPost Books team soon.
busy week ahead with a couple of super early starts, can't wait for the weekend, and its only monday cry
You're never alone when you're with another person.
Man we have school tomorrow .
same ol same ol unc...
Working and acting...
U straight?
Note to self: broccoli doesn't like being in the crock pot that much.
Sorry spring broccoli!
cough cough u wish
I don't fully understand physics but I'm not out here misrepresenting it.
Doing so would be irresponsible on my part.
and when Will I see ya!?
I feel your pain!
Just sat in a waiting room for 50 mins w/my 2 yr old.
Autism101 autism  waiting  MELTDOWN!!!!
I'm all for free speech but there should be a law to protect kids from seeing this stuff.
Absolutely ridiculous.
Just for the record, no I'm not a true MC, I just do it cuz its fun, but don't get it get it confused, because music itself is my
Rare as true love is, true friendship is still rarer.
Thank you , for becoming our 200th follower 3
I missed the bus...
Hell ya buddy.
Brewers are home though, so Ill be working all weekend, but Saturday is a day game so sat.
night might be best.
There's a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
My senior year sucked donky dick!!
But the shit me n my friends did on the weekends made up for it
I feel like watching One Tree Hill and listening to all the background music!
Lol!
This movie is so weird .
Good Morning Friends.
We are only 4 days away from Election Day!
My campaign team and supporters are pushing hard.
We would love to get...
lol youll win with that slogan
Peace begins with a smile..
Mother Teresa
Caltrans made the right choice on I5 expansion; its the least intrusive, moves people  commerce, and protects the environment.
I am so sick that if I was in Oregon Trail...I would have gotten left at the last hunting spot to make room for the deer that were shot
doing well and u.
Must say ur shirtless pics r hot :
Its incredible how things can go from a simple question to threatening in 10 minutes...what happened to us?
When are you finally going to the mountains?
I had to massacre like 30 last night bc I've developed an irrational fear of moths
The white sox called for the national anthem!
ah great punk music.
Nothing quite like it!
Green N Brown offers eco friendly and organic products that let you make better choices for yourself, your community and the planet.......
Why do people have to b so confusing???
lunch tomorrow or check the website
My name is humpty pronounced with an umpty.
Teen wanted The second summer of the sisterhood, the second Traveling Pants book.
Damn your avi makes me weak as hell !
Lol
Love me some day baseball
don't call couldn't find we found the number I was looking for online
I love not having to go to 6th period.
Especially since the weather has gotten so nice.
Valentine's Day Breakfast Recipes Start Valentine's Day on a special note with these fun and tasty Valentine's Day breakfast recipes .
My
seems like the jets sign raven players and we sign Houston players and now
Wow Vito is a mad man on pipe!!!
Queens that don't know their lyrics and wonder why they didn't get any tips...
Love you too lady!
TNT should consider putting an If Necessary next to games three and four of the Spurs vs.
Jazz series.
OT PEEPS
It's been overcast here most of the day and occasionally rainy.
Good for reading, for sure!
Yes OKC up 20.
5 teams come back to win the series!
RT Congrats to our GOP city council nominees in Tulsa County.
Solid group of candidates!
I just want my pants back
I'm gona be all alone on valentines day.
will you be my valentine?
3333333333 
you'd better!
Life is not Black or White, You are Covered or Naked
Thanks for you comment and RT Mary Jo  very kind and much appreciated.
Time to go to work
and....the new menu is here.
tell us what you think
Tell a girl shes pretty, and she wont believe you.
Tell her shes ugly and she will believe it forever.
oh my gosh the stuff you sell is so amazingly pretty and not to mention cool.
I love your store!
really??
Doesn't sound too yummy at all
I need to get back to band practice
The scientific name for a western lowland gorilla is 'Gorilla gorilla gorilla formbanana PeelBanana GoBananas!
Expertise.
It's taken me all my life to learn what not to play.
Dizzy Gillespie
the last part, .Tweet.
should be
Got that Email this morning.
Guess you'll be seeing my judging skillzzzzz again.
That would at least reverse the curent hierarchy.
So I told my gym teacher about and us mahomies today cuz she read my bracelet so then she looked him up  said he's amazing
Yes!
It takes discipline and selfcontrol to say NO to the temptation to clean, and say YES to investing in kindling the ROMANCE
why did the power just go off?
Yep.
Happy to have finally filled this one.
Thanks!
Now all I gotta do is get somebody to pay for my trip...
Thanks for the follow back!
Providing some great information so far!
Looking forward to DJ doctordd and another Prince dance party at Black Cat Sunday night!
Add new interest to an old hairstyle by changing the line you use to part your hair!
haha!
Except the ladies...theyve let me down!
I think it works...and covers about half of the people in Ireland.
Jeannine Morber Social media is about people, not technology.
Indeed!
No worries, mate!
Closest flames r 20 miles away!
LOTS of mountains  firebreaks between us!
King Crab Leg special tonight!
Other seafood  veggie options available.
Seeing Mary Poppins?
Dine with us  we'll shuttle you to the...
where u work
Actually, yes.
I'm just gettin' some links out and going to sleep.
How's the flow everyone?
Yesterday : me : uh uh quin what are you listening too .
Justin: haha devil worshiping music lmao too funny .
just watched DARKON last night...
a poignant commentary on contemporary life.
manifest.true
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this, all those fairy tales are full of shit
Thanx Roger, your a great inspiration to follow my doctorams:
Turns out Walker recall signer Fungky Van Den Elzen is real, leaving just 4 fake names struck
Thanks, Karen!
Lovely site  beautiful garments.
:
Dear Ohio House of Reps: get the hell out of my uterus.
We are in a domestic partnership, and it is not complicated.
Kthxnbye!
Im not here to please anyone, so either you like me or you dont.
It dont mater
Just made these bomb ass noodles lol
Friends!
Caroline and I are reading tomorrow at AS220 at 5:30.
Fiction!
Poetry!
People often confuse recognition for acceptance.
If you hear and see something enough times, you begin to think that you like it.
Favorite2011PackerMemories First time seeing and his eyes, nah JK.
No but seriously, yes bromo.
so hard to revision it
girl: that is the worst.
too.
many.
hours.
they don't pay you enough for that bullshit.
i thought so; you're too adorable to be loose lolol.
;p
work.
work.
work.
It's all play when you love everyday.
Sunny  warmer tomorrow high 74.
Low 80s on Saturday.
8590 on Sunday  Monday.
Cooling into the 70s on Tuesday with continued sun!
Can't wait to see you there!
i know right.
My friends always look at me like I'm nuts when I pull one of those out of my purse
doctorssed like a total 'Kohl's Mom' today.
Or maybe the 'Church Lady Aunt'.
It's kind of funny.
Who likes the black keys up in hurrrrrrrr?!
Yippee!
I'm off tomorrow!!!
Stay tuned for the Christmas message via homily..
: hey Staffy ; where are you?
Where ever you want me to be beautiful 3
First fast responsive and mobile ...
Four key firsts
I Love you MI AMOR
Brad Peyton doesn't exactly strike me as a step in the right direction, but I hope I'm proven wrong about that.
Our Celebration of Teaching starts at 4pm today!
Hope you can be there!
Glad to hear that Maxwell!
Let me know if you have any questions!
Happy Easter weekend Coopsters!
We will be open from 10:003:00 this Sunday and will be serving a fan favorite...
MAC N CHEESE!
Wow, intense!
1.
Understand PEOPLE raise  2.
Strategic plan know goal set as standard 3.
let your network work for you give them tools.
Thanks for checking them out  still have to add captainons.
Busy catching up after the great program earlier this week.
Mayor Hardberger says this is his 10th march, and it's diffrent than all others.
'That doctoram is coming true ...
because of our new Presi ...
I'm blowing your feed up today!
Less than an hour countdown left until it's Tiger Woods time!
Let me know what you think he'll shoot
NASA collects 10TB of data per day.
Wow.
We need a planetful of brains to hack all that data!
Yes he knows that UK is thin at DT, in weight at that spot his mother is from Kentucky, he just wants a shot!
