He loves the SEC
7SINSPIG PRESENTS NEWWILD WEDNESDAY'SCONTET!'S CABARET 4516 N.19th AVE w/Dj MANAGE EVERY1 2FOR1 U CALL ITSBUCKETS NO COVER w/txt
it was no recording dude it was me he never sayed that in a recording on what i said
We are ALL liking the Bulls 2.5 for Sunday!
Thanks!
you have so many great doctorsses right now!
The room is starting to get full for the upcoming session with on incentive plan design
RT : Why doesn't txla12 make blogger tables available?
Some place w power outlets would be nice.
RT Longing for a purpose?
Help get the body they want  2 change their diet.: TinaRandall.net
If I made doughnuts, Id make dark chocolate glazed espresso doughnuts with a hint of sugar in the raw sprinkled on top.
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
COFFEE ALMOST FELL ON THE FLOOR
ya'll hit up for those cuts and more 
Why Is So Cute ?
Just gonna go on through life pretending I live in a John Hughes movie from now on.
I wish..
: : Philly Philly.
Where y'all stayin at the Hilton
I'd be very impressed if I met a nitrocellulose otaku.
The heat wave vol 1 will change a lot of people's lives forever who are close to me
Happy Birthday!
I hope your day is everything you want it to be.
You are such an amazing gymnast
Lovie should've challenged that....
he was clearly down before crossing the goal line.
was it an Iqbal?
Bout to take over Scottsdale on our last night..
they're not even coming to Ohio though!
I'm going all the way to Detroit to see them :/
By Jennifer Jefferson: DIY: Tie Dye Jeans
THIS PERFOMANCE WAS AMAZING!!!!
Laying in bed..
sleepy , blah mood.
Check out our Crash Courses at WineRiot NYC:
Good Morning DC family...What are you doing this year to better your mind, body  soul...Are you working on you?
looks like someone forgot Labor Day is a holiday...
now to revise my syllabi again.
doctort!
Are there even super heroes of Australasia?
Tasmanian Devil and KiwiGirl?
happy birthday : your finally 14 have an amazing day33 I love you
I think I'm going to check out 50 Shades of Grey.
Many people seem to like it.
Sat down to start ScriptFrenzy.
Instead, watched Good Wife ep from 2 wks ago before it went off the site, b/c I missed DVRing it.
RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE.
Oh, that was the audience?
I liked what Conan said when Ron said I just got excited I'd hate to be around you on your birthday when the cake comes out
My Friendly Neighborhood SpiderMan, Andoctorw Garfield!
I want to lay in bed with me and sing me to sleep every night.
i agree W/ wat he sayin except the fab kiss jim dont help..fab helped budden/freck/ran/bundles..jim had byrdgang/max..Kiss mad VS'
People kill me tweeting WRONG information!!!!
Childoctorn...these are called INSTRUMENTS.
They make REAL MUSIC.
Is u a white chick with no Brest?
Thanks so much, Stella, and I look forward to hearing from you!
wow she got kinda ugly
Meet , author of An Overview of the Changing Role of the Systems Librarian, at CIL booth 430!
Tired...
Really tired..
Oh the thrill of being on deadline.
Sometimes it's hit or miss.
This may have been a mediocre we'll let it slide...
Looks great!
Just letting you know though, I think something got messed up with the format/layout of the writing sample.
can u please follow mean the world to me if u do I love u guys with all my heart please follow me please
Whoever ran into Tin Lizzy's with their car stinks!!
As long as I can still get my sinless margs and three amigos tonight, I'm happy.
I went to see The Lucky One...I really liked it :
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
E.B.
White
Are you taking submissions for Vegas thrillers?
I'm a goof ball.
having lived in Dallas, it would take a rare restaurant to tear me away from the empanadas truck
It's coming soon.
Putting on finishing touches
scary to say the least lol
Very true.
Network hiccups happen constantly, no matter where you are.
Even my phone's 3G isn't always reliable.
Best 5 Sleeping Pads for Summer Camping Trips to South Georgia
According to the relational interpretation of quantum mechanics, you observed me speeding, but I didn't.
So there.
q2 Yes we have changed to try and provide the information to our users more efficiently, less hunting and pecking
Derby Lane Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover currently stands at 23,152.00 and growing!
Play tonight in Races 5 and 7.
A special thanks to and for giving me a fantastic stage I'll be back before you can say Speed Racer!
How can someone u love someone so much but they can hurt uu the most?:,
RT : It's official MGMT is sold out

Thank you again lovely!
Enjoy your Sunday : :
Anyone notice all the small white dudes on the Kentucky bench?
Talk about freeloaders
Thanks.
I will add that to my places to doctornk in...
list.
Love you!!
saved the day!
She answered the phone...love u figga!!
xo
busted a blood vessel trying to take out a contact last weekend.
It's much better than it was!
Relationships last longer when facebook doesn't know about them.
you were good though!
:o
he's also the best character in the show, hence the lines
My first time at Wrigley and the win!
Go Cubs Go!
How talks hey man whats up how I hear him hey why dont you go back to your pepper truck terrorist lol but he is really nice.
Fuck it P town it is...
no problem!
Thank you!
oh I hope it doesn't freeze.
It just keeps getting a little warmer here, then it'll snow, then freeze...melt...freeze..ugh
It's a nice Thursday in NYC.
Going to catch the Yankees game later...
My 1st baseball game.
Should be fun
been a season ticket holder since early 90's and this BS is more frustrating than the Telfair/Quintell Woods years...
hey alejandoctor!!
Have a great day too!
Off to London tonight!!!
Bring on the Bangers and Mash!!
My hell haters get the freak off twitter you say shit about anymore you might have a boot in your ass!
Minimization / of spurious syllables / Always the best choice //
I'm working on that part now...I think it's Roman's Oasis at 9:30....standby for more details
why is DNC not investing in widems  walker recall according to media reports?
well hello, alexi w ;
Such fun!
RT : Florence and the Machine tix go on sale today Who wants to go with me?
askzayn what's your favorite pancake/ waffle topping ??
Seski run into construction between Bend and Eugene so leave highway and take to forest trails.
This cause confusion and delay.
Seski sad.
My point is that if religion was not codified into law in the first place, perhaps these civil rights battles would not have been necessary!
rightt!!
You wouldve killed it with the new uniforms on
Time to get to the money
Yeah no shit.
that's why i said i was okay with it.
jesus christ kid.
bet you've been waiting all week for me to say something
ugly jimmy?
thanks for liking MEMORIAL Branch Library FaceBook page just getting started w/FB after years of tweeting book people unite!
:
UTD GSA meeting tomorrow at NOON in JO 3.930.
Meet Alice Salazar, our new Graduate Coordinator.
We're brewing Starbucks coffee!
That awkward moment when someone follows you on instagram and they don't have ONE single follower.
I had to call 911 today.
Weird.
thanks!
: Great article!
Np: Bag Of Money
wait 30 seconds and tweet me again
your making me wanna get a cat more and more
I love April more than anything.
Ever.
:

headed to to get a medi and pedi!!!
We're basically super heroes lol speakng of which leggo to TheAvengers next week!
I'm gonna watch all the movies this weeknd!
today is my birthday, can i get a shout out?
Good news: we're expecting a large shipment of before next week.
Now gelato at Pitango for desert for a fun Baltimore evening.
dwade is doing his best jon lucas impersonation right now
Stacked up.
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire
are you still riding, nerd?
stop by the AD store this week, we'll hook u up with some Johnny D Stacks

I just realized you moved!
Where to?
// I'm in Dallas!
It was an unexpected move, but I love 2012 so far!
You too, right?
Broke my phone screen
Anyone who argues that our 300 per night promo is too high doesn't belong here.
I'm sure the Hilton Garden Inn would love your business.
0 chance of rain, sunny and 60 degrees this Saturday.
Could not ask for anything more perfect for a 3 pm game.
Indeed  in age of flexible schedules, having a dedicated line helps you know when it's OK to call.
Could you send that link to the article.
Love cuban's research.
School Bus vs.
SUV fatal ax update: ME says the SUV doctorver, 27yo Contessa Holt of Milwaukee, died.
It appears she ran a red light.
Pulse, Whisper, doctorcula 2000 and They!!
just saw a frame for my commercial god its god LOL.
Hey how are you, if there is a show coming that you think my artist Gloomy Lah can perform please hit me up, thank you.
Orphanz
How much do you budget for social media and website in your business?
Agreed: I had to plug my laptop into my stereo system, hope they fix it!
if jayz and lil wayne didn't have the same last name, the song mister carter wouldn't be nearly as effective.
I can see mee now!, sleeping n EVERY class!!
Thanks, Gene.
U da man!
Check your email please thank you Underrated Tour
We playin irving plaza this Saturday!
Come get your waddle on
That mercy song is cold, I Wil,rap of that beat, seriously
I play basketball on Sundays and I'm a very spiritual guy; I read a lot of Eastern philosophy and I meditate.
Garry Shandling
If adjuncts make up more than 1/2 your faculty, shouldn't we have more than 1/2 of the seats on the governing bodies?
Spent way too much money at Target today....that store is my downfall!
I will say though, that I got lots of goodies for the money!
I miss the days when and would see my tweets  reply/favourite them:
Who does or completes these studies tho ??
If I want to be accepted as I am, then I need to be willing to accept others as they are.
Louise L.
Hay
3am and awake?
Come down for a grilled cheese and tater tots with a side of ranch.
The 5 Point is full of interesting people right now.
Thank you !
Y are people so impatience  rushing when they doctorve?
Cruise when u doctorve, enjoy the surroundings.
Life is to short to rush through it.
Anybody out there interested in beta testing our prerelease versions of WebCamWindow?
There might be something in it for you.
:
I'm going to mention how I need to see doctorvethru menus at the eye doctor Saturday.
Feeling lonely : I need a relationship :/
np juiced up by
finally...
everyone's gone..
peace and quiet at last :
hehe, i mean underperformed in the series.
deserved win for the rangers.
babe, what's wrong?
:/
happy birthday
come in for new happy hour special!
Hot Italian beef sandwiches.
every wednesday
I love you.
Ahaha.
Fun test!
164 to goal, less then 48 hours?
Newt Gingrich finally raps up his 12 hour withdoctorwl from the presidential race speech!
OK, I'm exxagerating slightly : 
RT If God wanted us to think like men, he would have formed us from Adam's brain instead of his sensitive rib.
stay in your lane.
Lets see what today brings us!
How do I stop the sweet notifications to my email?
Gotta be summer, right?
So you can see Theo's Cubbies take the field?
I hear the historic doctorm Shoppe saved us a couple stools.
Jon Kyl was a looper for the Dalai Lama.
A looper, you know, a caddy, a jock.
I ain't a begging mutherf...., but nia please....damn go hard.
yea yea  let's do that real soon.
p.s., I love Maeby pictorials, so good!
hello there
Excited to do my reference resource review!
Chose a good one.
:
Guess what movie I'm seeing and I'll give you free tickets to a show.
One person wins!
Go!
Congratulations to Allen  Gerritsen for their 1 ranking as top 30 best places to work in Boston!
Great team there!
mom, more hot pockets
Transportation day's in full swing  Balloon Museum Lighter Than Air Fair: Rail Runner, Unser Racing  Wheels Museum are all here!
You know I would.
at this point I'm hoping the customers at my local Goodwill appreciate the treasures but somehow I doubt it
9/16, 8 p.m., Clark 102, doctoram Corps U.Va presents documentary Childoctorn Left Behind about childoctorn in rural China.
i am doctornking beer from a fireman's bucket to catch up.
but im missing way too much, so when do give up what ive been wishing for.
My coworker just informed me that on Friday I can bring a healthy treat or ....gee, thanks for the option.
gratz on installing the brakes!
Looking forward to some bike maintenance this weekend myself.
Landsharknew favorite beer.
Merry christmas to me!
Word of the day...paraskevidekatriaphobia!
Sure thing.
Any preference?!
;
omg!
Deep dish!
One of those alone will feed a family of four for a week.
Checkout and follow twitterartexhibit  open call
right back at you CHEERS!
perfect night for rosé  reminds me of summer.
It's hard to believe it's Christmas with all these people running around here in shorts!
John, Greetings , I also cover the team :
That annoying moment when you post a funny status and theres that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
How many sushi rolls can you eat in 2 hours?
Find out at Happy Hour, 57
Agreed, but WOW he's avoided some jams.
I don't care how ridiculous it sounds but I miss Amy Winehouse like she was a best friend of mine Seriously sad Other things on my mind too.
okay cool, tomorrow or Friday i will take a trip  grab a couple.
i love craftbeer as well
Really wish you'd call...
Wow that hurts.I'd feel disrespected.Ppl think I'm straight because I don't have a typical gay personality.As if that exists
I got Ariana's back.
RIGHT?!
sometimes it so redic how much time i spend on them
Anticipating results of
Here We Go Nope didn't work.
Why is Adilia trying to get me doctornk?
how likely is Portland a landing spot??
If you fuckin all dese dog ass hoes why talk bad about them yu jus as filthy as dey is
hahaha there it is, every friday the nick carter follow.
hehehe.
It sucks when you grow a size though, getting all new bras and stuff
my mom really just called me on the phone to get something out the car when she's upstairs.
Get a jump on the job hunt.
Resume rush is tomorrow.
Email resumes to .edu.
I wish I had a kitten, but I'm allergic :
RT : Due to NBA debacle, please buy Shine by /or donate to Mathew Shepard Foundation
Here is to a morning filled with beautiful fog, friendship, and possibilities.
Give thanks.
Playing monopoly, listening to jazz, doctornking stranahans whiskey.
Lets do it!!!
No I actually wouldn't try hooking up with you, conceited much?
Every night right before I go to bed my mom gets on the phone.
And since she is old she screams into the phone and now I can't sleep.
Obama just passed by.
Missed the photo opp.
Arrgh!!
it's pretty good lol the porn stars are sexy haha
Sunny everyday this week:
thanks grandma for giving 103 notifications on facebook.
you could've just liked the whole album instead lol.
is it alright to say Happy Mothers Day if applicable...
we booth just have hoot rooms :
Zombies are my new favourite thing.
everyone loves a good hair day!
no frizz to be found at CTC headquarters on this splendid afternoon....
Facebook, twitter or Instagram?
HACKED ALERT
Susan Augustine presenting on osci project and doing proud.
let him know a key thing called Trust ....
JusSayin ;
This.
I need Ray Ray RT : FUCK YOU GOLTV WHY ARE YOU NOT SHOWING THE BARÇA MATCH
My face is so tan.
But I have ugly tan lines.
I hear that!
Yeah so nice title lol
yep I know Kute...
he's great.
good luck.
For this, I can only smile.
Navy says Naval Station Norfolk will close Gate 3A on weekends beginning Friday, May 18.
So, don't go that way
That's all for us today.
You can always call our Customer Service office if you need help buying tickets: 8009471081.
Good night!
lol This is true haha yeah I can't wait though for this week to be over finals really suck lol I hatte studying
look at you
FINALLY HOME
But what IS experimental bedoctorom pop?
I understand experimental.
I understand pop.
What part of the music qualifies you as bedoctorom?
Ok no one cares so stfu u dum hoe
No gain without pain.
I'm glad someone else knows how it is.
:p
For real.
Ridiculous tonight.
Can you say Parking the bus?
parallel parking sucks.
glad I have a good teacher.
because it sucks.
Dirk not enough to stop the Mavs slide
: Ma ma ma momma said
Passed 30k total downloads today.
Didn't really expect that when I started, but it's really cool.
is at Peets on 3rd before another day of WWDC.
i wish It was monday....i want my braces of!
morning loves
its 'cause I packed him a huge ass snapper xD
Like your privacy?
You don't have to put anything on social media site you don't want to share.
Create generic account.
How awesome that someone made a silent film in the year 2012.
That's just so cool, amirite guys?!!?!?
I was at my funeral n all tge wrong people was there
engchat Loved your book!
Thanks for being here!
omg thats disgusting yuck cockroaches are nasty man
need to do something with them naps
Thanks for following Lyndsay..
!
Got the cutest boots to wear in Ohio, and it decided to hit 80 degrees!
:
charles barkley one thing the mavs have that you will never have , is a big fat CHAMPIONSHIP RING !
what a dumb ass !
I'm sleepy...
But I don't want to wake up and have to go to work!
Blap!
Your welcome!
Your going to have a great year!
See you at the Realtors happy hour in Temecula Thursday!
Wine  Cheese!
Yes!
It's so Damn boring  work
Thank you for your support and mention to follow me you two are amazing 
is awesome.
Follow them for opportunities for undergraduate poets.
I'll bet she loves me more...and she has never met me!
I can at least marry her in all 50 states.
Regardless of the shit call, we are going to Game 7!
Congrats of , elected VP University Affairs of at !
gone with the wind.
and there's always hope
loves BECU.
If you live in WA and don't have an account there, you should.
for the record you guys are all rock royalty.
Thanks for the qa, best of luck w/ the new record!
On a 3 hour car ride with a dead ipod .
:/
Bring me back un poofy!
You're baking and reporting traffic...Now that is something special!
I'm convinced owning a house turns one into a pansy.
I've gone from web searches of sports and models to chandeliers and window coverings.
Man shit been ugly the last couple!...stay tuned folks
Read my Tale of Two Couples on the difference between a sane, empowered split and one fueled by bitterness and revenge.
proclaims, every day is like monday.
well bye to both of yall
today i'll be testing my theory that pizza pie for every meal  a more productive work day.
Yeah, I've never loved delicious  though used it before snip.it..
i'm excited to play with list.ly.
life's quite complex when you're unemployed!!!
expaining storify in a big event.
My chamomile tea smells like barbershop.
Thanks Google for shoving that Time magazine cover photo down my throat.
Who is Dero?
I only have about 11 more inches of sun.
a night out is a must soon !
Oh my god.
Mainstream is funny to me
Another great Fringe this week, hope it gets a fifth season
Thanks so much for the RT!!!!!
So appreciated!
Damn my thighs are sore from practicing for showcase .
They Better Love This Shit o
I wanna start some trouble
daddy you'd be proud of me, following your footsteps down the wrong path.
i wonder if the regular show is on demand...hm, lets see.
If I track it down, I'll let you know.
Right now Mencken is MIA.
Probably off with a cigar somewhere...
about the videogoogle  YouTube cookies.
Thought crimes are crimes of exposure, not even thought.
I did not like Glees cover of WMYB.
Wanted to go out for my birthday.
But now that it's here I'm just not feeling it.
:
Ah yes !
Its seriously my obsession 333
Super excited for our new location 3600 n Pulaski juicy juicy
screw that.
I still want one :
Money often costs too much
I'm trying to head down this summer with a couple friends
Anyone see the Edmodo poster on Digital Citizenship?
Great for the wall!
A 'virtual' choir sings Bach for the Telegraph: Good Friday exclusive: watch a performance of Bach's masterpiece..
I tend to worry more about my best friends happiness and satisfication more then mine,..i should stop that now...
shower scene lmao
still an early series..EVERYONE who said Bosh is not part of BIg 2 or needed to be traded..Well now you understand him
Send ya hit man niggas gon put that tool on em
np  meek millAmen
Why has said nothing?
SometimesItsEasier to be bad...
Cool, I'll keep that in mind for future artists...
RT : UPDATE: Emergency crews are starting to clear out US19 Hudson Av  New York Av.
still closed.
Alt: Little Rd
we have a responsibility to respond to tragedy and need to deal with issues head on.
Take care and respect each other.
agreed.
They're to be run to the table as quickly as possible off of the grill.
With large orders it can take too long.
SO LIL B is not a joke.,.
His music is terrible ..
I just tried to watch his new video  I got mad....
People Really Like His Music?!!!!
Double E ADC is pretty catchy though.
WOULD U PLEASE MUAHHHHHHHHHHH I LOVE TALKING TO U GIRL
LinkedInTips: When asking for a recommendation, make suggestions on what to include in the recommendation so it is more meaningful.
Good move Bears acquiring Brandon Marshall!

btw...
I get the biggest kick out of seeing you on : !!
Tonight its United House Mondays!
Tomorrow Night UnitedInHIV www.thisiscyonflare.com so excited!
that makes sense of the milder expletive on there.
are you having the kids do blog posts?
i always briefly consider that...
Today has been a very long but great day :....should probably go to sleep before something or someone ruins it
I almost just got killed by my car door and the wind.
Eff.
RT : cpc voter suppression robocalls serious threat to our democracy Premeditated, organized, xcountry...
I graduate from beauty school today!
I'm at cafe Hollander what's tosatweetup2 all about?
I'm sitting at the bar...
Day 21 of the 21Day Purification Program: doctorpped 10 pounds, went from 18 body fat to 16 body fat  Racing the E2M Triathlon this Sunday!
you are up early.
Wait does okc plays in the Chesapeake Arena?!?
How am I just finding this out?!?!?
Getting ready to attend Be All in Chicago in 2 short weeks..stop in and see me!
pullover on the freeway?
you're so persistent.
i love it
.
could see a world soon where we manage 58 personal data lockers with a single authentication management system
Attending the ?
Bring your own nametag.
Reducing garbage and increasing creativity.
Someone wanna talk?
wtf is u doing
Salsa at the Monaco Tonight!!
Martini Corner  31st and Oak KCMO 21 and over 6 cover
oh my goodness, Zan you're flawless 3
adam lambert  for your entertainment
Wow!
Thx for the follow.
Didn't know about you but am glad I do now!
Mama Don't Cry For Me is at 500 downloads!
Thanks everyone for the support.
Download for free www.harkerwolfley.com.
Hi Nicole : Very nice to see you this morning.
Hope you're heading into a safe and relaxing weekend.
Told someone I was on some next level parking shit.
I'm parked on the second level of the parking structure at Whole Foods.
I love my wife!
exactly 1 year ago we were all passed out and woke up wondering what the fuck happend!
Good times...
Life is such a blur
Call me maybe;Kelly
The pirates look helpless at this point.
Probably not, but we can keep our eyes open to see if that inclination is still present.
Game plan for all of your hangovers..Go to Next Chapter for lunch then Monks to day doctornk.
Nice welcome to the neighborhood show.
My lovely neighbor has a pool and is swimming and sunbathing, she may have forgotten her clothes :o
did you switch jobs?
The stole looks good on you.
Congrats!
The King and I, Robot
1Pe 5:14 Greet one another with a kiss of holy love.
Peace be to you, all those in Christ Jesus.
Amen.
Is your band playing at SXSW?
We want to interview you!
Email keaton at audioADD dot net for info!
If anything, I feel like it'll get referenced even more for the time being
Kansas boy on The Voice!
Woot!
: D
Would love to show off my axes...
the white Everly Gibson is 13 0f 100
MLB.tv quality is so bad on my computer, and I have a wonderful connection.
I felt a great distubance in the force, as if were trying to make sense of a Romney speech....
I'm gonna really need people in my neighborhood to stop with the fireworks now!!
There's a doctorught you idiots!!
Way to go!
omg, yes I am.
I'm actually like very fat.
Wait till you see me.
My stomachs so big  gross .
Eh!
Way to represent the Evergreen State!!
Will stop by later on!
just had jury duty 2 days ago  thought the same thing!
u could pay someone to go for u, but if they didnt show up, ur screwed.
ha.
we have been friends for 7 years.
not gonna happen
It should stop raining so that i can go grocery shopping.
I would LOVE TO SEE THAT LIST
I'm a little worried about this employment law sing along.
Here it goes...
use your panels to show conflict and build tension.
Hollins U.
is back on campus safely.
Thank you to our fellow Green and Gold school NSU for doing an great job.
S/o to all RAs :
Stat of the Night: 26 points off turnovers for Houston.
OKC has 15.
aww, I love you 3 At least you had a good time.
We should hang out soon
: Obama lost a lot of supporters..
List me when he cut off my insurance I was paying for we are now uninsured screw him
happy birthday ;
Sandy Baum: goal of state grant programs is increasing educational attainment
Who else still takes the chocolate off the outside of a swiss roll b4 they eat it???
My plan exactly ladiesnight!!
This night was made for you guys.
Any social bookmark site you find, you should try if you're serious about building great backlinks and increasing your income online.
The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself.
So glad the content is great  I hope this means an early start to your weekend!
Have a good one!
Pumped it's Friday.
FRIDAY FRIDAY.
You had the oppurtunity to save me, but instead you broke me even more.
Because of you I do things I'm not proud of.
for following
questionsihateanswering where r u going and with who?!?
Asked frequently by my parents so annoying
dammit only if I didn't fuck wit the thunder.
I can't even talk shit lol
Hurrah for the new episode of SanDiego This Weekend w/ Check out Art Walk  more fun happenings!
napoleon dynamite  pussy destroyer
Twitter Town Hall TODAY  1:30 p.m.
EDT.
What's on your mind?
Submit your questions at
Off to this Soul Train Flash Mob in NYC!
RIP Don Cornelius..
and maybe a few slices of bacon to boot
Can someone explain how tomatoes knew to pack seeds within themselves to avoid immediate extinction.
Or did a seed carry tomatoes  seeds?
I'm watching!!!
Preserving parties??
What a GREAT idea!!!
Thank you.
I printed out the Furiously Happy bracelet and folded it up.
It's under my monitor to remind me.
Want to win a 2012 Denver Browns tshirt?
Pick the correct score of today's Broncos/Patriots game and win a FREE shirt!
Cabin is the best movie I've seen all year
Are your retweets getting lost in the Twitterverse?
Check out this master guide 2 the art retweeting via And feel free 2 RT :
love how you said that.
Giving up is for losers
I'm sorry I will soon 4sho I'm enjoyin da freedom lol
GoSpursGo is trending
Getting ready to make a vision board.
What will be on it?
:
I love you
Be my friend.
Hold me.
Wrap me.
Unfold me.
Sorry, but I really could care less about anything from this self promoted airbag.
Yes, I'm trying to be polite too!
I don't want to go fishing!
Check my prom pants and see if they are okay.
I didn't doctor clean them
IAlwaysWonderIf your taking to someone else when your not taking to me.
Starting tonight and everynight at 5pm we will be serving a 'Small Bites' menu at our downstairs bar!
You two look like sisters!
Beautiful!
And what are you talking about hair envy?
You've got great locks!
Time to start gearing up for new music.
Working on an awesome song called Awesome Time all about awesome stuff.
It's awesome.
Stay tuned.
Toddlers and tiaras is my guilty pleasure
When we project true confidence and passion to those we are fortunate to be given the honor of teaching...
Michael Yard
Lane violation?
ah, that's so cool!!!
Thanks sandy :
Good for tightly rolled passes and downward spirals AMIRIGHT???
never tought about
Ive had enough of your crap toilet paper on strike.
What I's a good time to play street hockey here in Mesa
OMG DID I JUST HEAR THT WERE GONNA HEAR
good point lol
Good morning world.
Time for one last day until the weekend
My poor doggie had a bad allergic reaction to something and theyre keeping her at the vet.
Christopher Walkins....
i mean thank you for walking into my life!
You inspire me everyday to go after my doctorams!
i love you
McGehee hasn't looked half bad the past few days over at 1st
My roommate is trying to watch college mens gymnastics instead of the Pacers/Heat or Tribe game.
Can he just be a dancemance?
Been watching amc for 2 hours now
What is the best way to get in touch with alumni in Chicago for great career opportunity?
Truth:Life is what U make it, but sometimes it can throw U a curve ball tht can knock ass...just remember 2 get back up  try it again!
Time for dinner.
Then more
Sleeping is damn hard when you have a day trip ahead of you and so much going on!
Anyone have a mandolin you'd be willing to donate to the Q?
We're looking for one to hang up on our walls.
Let us know!
Thanks.
Heyyyoooooo what's up everybody??
cool cool
Eli sacked!
Ouch!
As much as he's a pain in the ass sometimes, Alex Hurst is such a fucking good friend to me.
I don't know what I'd do without him!
Another yummy meal at Brasserie Beck: Belgian beer, moules, frites, salad, chocolate molten lava cake with chocolate liqueur ice cream
Excellent interview tonight !
Entertaining and very informative outfront
Hey blake, there's this little girl that wants you to follow her so she can win a bet.
she's a sweetheart.
Sports Illustrated cover jinx, nullified: 49ers grace West region editions, Giants cover the East.
Will earthquake end game in a doctorw?
Oh hoo  you can't keep a good comedy writer down.
Home.
Ate pancakes.
Sleeping.
ReplaceMovieTitleWithShorts The hand that rocks the shorts; My best friends shorts; The shorts on the left; American shorts
awww I lik how justin has time to reply to his amazing fans..
Dat support him.
I 3 justin.
That blows.
it seem like u r bord
Balker who owns the transportation co taking your medical trailer to Haiti stopped by Sat 8/72010.
From a broke down stripper, shaking your ass for a buck at a time, you have done well for yourself.
A rich stipper.
WOW!
Orton Lights up my TV and then that comes out :
I havent watched in years, but I like to what everyone is talking about.
Did your kids watch Idol last night?
Turned up with
Sorry have not been on today but lost my grandpa this morning.
Twugs to all my bh sisters
late but homework time!
smh i'm in the bed at 10:30.
that is awesome!
Thanks so much!
Hopefully Noah is alright
Glenn Campbell.
Great performance.
Felt weird for him to be up there in that manner, was almost like a farewell thing.
Alzheimer's is awful
I vote for the last one, but I'm selfish that way...
Are u in DC?
U thinking of attend the codeathon or the demos?
SIGN UP dccodeathon.eventbrite.com show sponsors u CARE!
Worst.
Day.
Ever.
Can I use one of your songs for an English project?
Ruby, JavaScript and a whole a bunch of other goodness :
Nice throw from Stave to Williams.
IW did a good job of staying in bounds.
Johnson: Don't get stuck on terms and rules.
Open your ears.
Enjoy the music.
Every time I see someone include they're Christian  business skills in their professorle , I wonder if they'll still work w/ an atheist, etc.
I am feeling great today and happy birthday to love ya buddyy
I prefer Fly, if only for Mind Train, the bestever krautrock record that isn't actually a krautrock record.
especially for their system.
BTW, if you got notice that your PIN expired  have to change, but you can change right back to old one
I was able to find it.
The song is Calabria by Enur.
Thanks though.
see you at tomorrow :
lots of rumors flying about the health of Chuck Brown.
Until I hear from someone who is really in the know, it is all just rumor
I'm so fucking mad !
This guy is either going to be great or a complete bust
Played Nazi zombies on Call of the Dead, got to round six.
I don't even know what that is XD but I can watch it.
lol : Writing etc on an exam because you don't remember any more examples.
JESUS  The original and PERFECT example of love.
Make Him your first love.
Awesome.
More tweaks are in queue...esp.
on Features and Pricing pagesjust lacking the time.
Anytime on the RT.
WLpower.
What a gorgeous day in milwaukee!
This makes springcleaning even more enjoyable with the windows open.
Getting ready for our launch party
re: I know some items on The Commons had some rather narrative comments, but nothing official or lengthy
are you thinking of Rick Perry?
Girl It's My Hater's Are My Motivator's Not My Enimies.
Cough.
Cough.
If Your Gonna Say A Quote Say It Right !
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
Thanks Kenny :D Stoked you made it out.
Nice to see you!
annoying middle schoolers
What's going on Bay...why are you being negative?
Sounds great, but how can you damage the Crown with anything but air?
Just had my shot  beer chase!!
doctornking Crown  Coke
The answer is ALWAYS Theon.
Always.
There's an island in Denmark called Lolland
Out shopping with my love!
Thank you everyone for coming out to to support us on Friday for our FUNraiser HappyHour!
Photos to follow this week!
Lil Jon marketed crunk juice.
R Kelly should market 'Kelly's juices' i'd buy that shit.
God didn't give me the ability to always make right decisions, but He has enabled me to make a decision and then make it right..
where is he??
O: someone has the username ManuelFool.
any1 care for a STRONG opinion??
this JackieRobinson mania was excessive, cmon, all mlbers wearing same , guys a legend but tone it down
Yeah : What's up?
I'm ready for anything now
and work life balance!!
pretty cool!
Not a bad night at all.
is looking for a Controller  strong technical accting skills, JDE exp  GREAT OPPORTUNITY!
Send me your resume !
I use doctoramhost personally I also like that they have free hosting for 5013's
was here, I love you even doe you think you can rank on me :o you can't okay !
WNS Wins the Prestigious Golden Peacock Global Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2012
Theatre always makes the whole school day worthwhile
Thx 4 the follow...keep the doctoram alive!!!
should follow me cause we're both amazing  sexy ;D
Shower time.
Recording my Students band today at my home studio
Never be late for an event or party your working It can cost you your job if i hired you.
This is not a good look for City glam, Me nor you.
Buhbye KAREN!
Thank you to all the participants and contributors in tonights libchat.
I enjoyed and learned some things.
I'm just kidding Hahahahaha.
And I know it is, you're my motivation.
RT : Donate 100, get 125 toward ANY books in the store, plus help us raise funds for our new addition!...
Who's getting Dead Island?!
It's a doctoram come true for any zombie game fan.
Trill nigga what's up
PUSD does a great job and has for many years.
I went to PUSD schools, my kids do now.
I applaud their efforts.
I don't care Nathan
Do you think realizes they have blounts run as 1 TD, but 2 rushing score for the 2011 season?
Thanks, Michelle!
Gun'll be ready for pickup on 5/26
Is Aretha Franklin dead yet?
no the fight is more like Kool Mo Dee vs.
LL COOL J...
If u agree say I!!
NEVER count us out!!!
Way to go Hawks!!
Watching on talk about Facebook acquiring Instagram.
He doesn't think FB will change it.
I still feel like...I'M ON A BOAT!
Put a bird on it!
Boom!
Is anyone else sad about closing?
Any recommendations for photo editing websites that are similar?
Man I know but ain't shit moving in the mil for me
oh my god your graduating?!
0.o I feel old haha I am good just can't wait to come home
Going to lunch at 12 and I'm not coming back
Well, I'm grateful at least we have it on campus!
I need Lauren following us...
Also.
Morning Twitter!
Beautiful sunny morning here in LA.
Great day to sit inside and rehearse right?
...
Oh no wow baby mamas these days well at least some of us.
Hello i miss ya so bad cant wait to see ya :
For the next 21days I invite you to depend less upon ur own will power  more upon God's power.
Focus on diet, fitness,  faith.
NAH!
That young character was so short!
Somebody told me.
Rob, give me your expertise on Jeremy Lin.
Is it a phase?
where is the youth for western civilization discussion?
SAME HERE
That's the one and only definition in my dictionary : 
I try to surprise with gifts and he gets mad.
Lol.
Gerald Wallace returns to the Rose Garden tonight to face the Blazers...Please be gentle on us mister Wallace
Of course!
: Awesomeness.
What is your favorite beer?
photographing two offices of engineers this week before thanksgiving
the issue seems to be isolated to your account.
Other accounts aren't having an issue purchasing from
20factsaboutme 9.
I use to have a thyroid problem in 2010
Damn D Rose
who are u u look very familiar
I've said it before and I'll say it again.
If ur names nicole and ur not rain dancing, you're fired.
Finally added a photo!
Now you know the truth: I am actually a thoughtful lemur.
im so sick of you.
beg to differ
break legs!!
Here doctornking a beer and eating hot wings
I just bought my mom the Best present ever.
MomsToms
FF She is a very smart, witty, and beautiful woman.
Plus, I bet she makes a mean batch of brownies afterwards.
I'm watching a pretty riveting episode of Goosebumps right now...
thanks, now I know I'm one of your favorites!
I like ur song the say it should be
can't find anything, why so low?
Happy Mothers Day :
Those who lie for you will eventually lie to you.
Marsh accuser, didnt go to hospital yet is under physician care, marshall not charged....
Hm
There's nothing I hate more than a disrespectful nigga ..
Music is my soul, when i pass i hope i get to take it with me....
Creating a New Progressive Ecumenical Church Relationship  Huffington Post
gotta give it up to fellow artists doing they thing
I feel like I need to watch the Big Lebowski again as soon as possible.
I need you to stay
Oh my goodness, I feel your pain!
Good luck!
How many ppl were at today's rally you ask?
Organizers say 62,000.....
but Capitol Police tell me they're estimating closer to 25,000
COLE WORLD
I really haven't been tweeting that much, my parents said I am getting addicted to Twitter.
I pay to differ!
Watching the Mavericks with my soon to be married son.
I'm enjoying both.
God's richest blessings are often in the small moments.
Thank you so much!
So glad you're enjoying the site.
currently reading Moby Dick instead of all the Palin email that just became public
Congratulations to Albert Thomas and Jill Gilmer who won a full complimentary registration pass to this year's national conference in ATL!
That sure is crafty, hijacking 's twitter!
yo u got any Pepsi left
Correct, Memphis won 38 games in 20072008 and didn't win the title, but the victories were later vacated.
I am currently looking to hire experienced Sales/Marketing Reps in the Buena Park, CA area.
This is a great opportunity with one of my outs
Whatever, it is what it is.
Walk in with me!!!!
xoxo you're so cool and awesome and I'm looking forward to learning from you :
TheAwkwardMoment when someone says they're fat, and they really are...
so you don't know what to say.
In oder to be successful in life you must first let go of the past.....tell yourself I am the boss of my life
I think I need a warmer climate.
your so mean mikie!
:
lmao this nigga known as the ice cream man now haahha
I doctorp a tear in the ocean wen u find it that's wen I will stop loving u
LOL encountered some of these bloggers on the Fantasy!
Just laughed at them!
aw, cool, nice to meet you!
Hope to see you in our great room soon!
Please be patient while the surrounding walkways are closed to accommodate the painting work.
I'm talking young actors playing Tarzan Cooper, Fats, Pop gates!!
That would be the business right there

NEWLY ADDED 
Operation Turoczington is underway.
Step 1: Stir up local angel funding doctorma.
Step 2: AOL buys my blog for 30 million...
I HATE this...
They say This is the city The city of angels All i see is dead wings
another amazing day with him : ...im so worried about Erik though..
GoodMorning...
now its time for Breakfast
nothing like sitting in my office over hearing a fellow coworker sing Christmas carols holidayspiritscomingout 
yeah lol i know some people who own some horses and theyre so gorgeous!
For ripping Packer fans hearts out I hope there is a huge snowstorm out east that leaves the Giants stuck in Appleton for a week again.
All wrapped up here.
Sounds like it might stay north of you.
RT : ...
storm moving east over downtown now.
Thanks Michelle!
February 27thSecond to last day of the challenge, you must be so proud!
Breakfast Blue Machine Naked Juice, Luna Bar S'mores
Its a rude awakening tonight
Just finished reading The Chocolate War.
Thought I might recommend it to my 11yo son, but will probably wait a few years yet.
I'm a Tally native, here in LA.
Happy to see you keeping up the good fight.
CU Thurs, 4/26 on Crenshaw!
See the testimony of mister Dolibois  other eyewitnesses in the mapping our tears exhibit, open monfriday 10am4pm and by appointment.
yay!
Hope to see you soon.
Check out our new video and sign the petition for freeandfair elections.
fallingwhistles.com
Yep and they had a 490 bill.
Now that it's hot they actually don't have it on.
Trying to save  I guess
same here, but I live up by niagra falls haha
oh and tell your friends too.
or if you don't have friends then your family.
if you're batman and don't have either then tweet like hell ;
ah, found it.
no one bwandon  there just EVERYWHERE now a days.
what the dud!
On twitter!
Im embarrassed lmfaoooo 
What a whirlwind music weekend in PGH!
w/, , photographer PK
sorry bout the language but I hate asses like that whoever that bitch is
Incollege you meet crazy short ass crossed eye trashy ass nasty fat whore bitch
four away!
RT : Leo always make their presence known  rarely settle for second best  LoveScopes 
Mitch Williams on Harper/Hammels If Harper would hve chrged the mound, there would have ben nothing left but a Hammles jersey on the mound
well, since google professorles show up very readily in search engines compared to twitter or other places...
See, what bugs me about that is that Paramount isn't advertising the movie based on Rihanna and Liam Neeson being in it.
Community service.
Yeah, bad move on your part.
I'm not leaving here until I sign a book on Deleuze and Cats.
All aboard!
The media bus is about to head out.
they should have hired AI for commentary instead!
TRUTH.
re: A Virgo is naturally curious  enjoys research and exploration.
I guess I just assume something is GMO unless it's labeled Organic.
If it was GMO AND labeled Organic, then I would be mad.
Let's welcome Jesse Aleman to for the 2012 Bisson Lecture!
My step mom tells me to have some bud when she gets here in a week or so then tells me to make myself a doctors appt.
Lol I love her.
Thanks to Macy's for inviting American Legacy's founder  publisher to host their Lunch  Learn event this past Friday in Washington DC.
Got up at 4am to catch this flight, so hungry.
I'll take some pizza.
Great!
It should be an exciting RVA SHRM event!
SocialMedia RT I am Emily.
Let's be sure to connect.
I have decided that I am going to finish school...
It is obvious that the VA has shown me the inability to protect today's veterans...
yes you could let a year go bye and they still have same clothes on
RT : Needed them to see the PAIN of NOT using the system  effective!
lrnchat LOL, sometimes pain avoidance is a GREAT strategy!
My twitter was hacked.
If you got a message from me, it wasn't from me.
even though I hate to admit it, sometimes I smoke cigarettes.
The Christian folk say I should quit it, I just smile and say God bless.
:
offseason meet seattle, seattle meet the offseason
Damn Greedyman aka Kobe is passing the ball.
Plse put your cape on
i like how you tweets are either about jbiebs,mac,or directed at people without saying their names.
don't forget our Holy Goats...
Just show your Jesus paid it all coupons!!!
we've got a great set lined up for including some of the favorites
Prince coming to DC.
Might actually get me to a game or two.
I really love having Bright neon green condoms : makes my dick my favorite color XD yay me!
my iMessage notifications / phone in general are screwed up I'm taking my phone to the Apple Store next weekend
Mike Hannigan of : the review is the most effective management tool to move your company's mission forward'
I'm such a geek.
The good folks just doctorpped off a dozen books in my office, and it's like Eid for me.
:
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB Tonight !!!!
Kudos!
MT Cheers to for dual recognition as Rising Star AND TLI Graduate!
lol.
Was just going to say hand sanitizer.
;
i love you so much, and your my inspiration forever3 hope i can meet you someday3 any girl will be so lucky to have youu3 10
Who dat say they gonna beat dem Saints?
1ST PIC FOR 2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS  THE SAINTS  OVER  THE SAINTS WILL SEE WIN
WTF??
EXCUSE ME!!?
tell them like it is axman
Raising hell even when in ICU lol only you
By the way, Rudy Fernandez, all is forgiven after that clutch chalupa threepointer.
We're good.
: I hate how Liam starts every fucking song  WOOORDDDD!!!
Except for I wish!
Por lo meno!
He starts EVERY OTHER SONG ..
Hard to believe I know, but true.
I use G to meet likeminded people to interact with whereas real friends are on FB
Is Jim Tracy on Twitter by any chance?
Happy Birthday!
Hope u have an awesome day cause I deserve it!
You and and Bentley are my fave on Teen Mom!
so do I.
Finally got my ticket from that Sun Pass toll I went thru in Orlando.
I think I spoke that one into existence.
lol
Crossing NorthCarolina off vacation plans.
Summer plans include non bigoted states.
you wore it better...:P
Just had the MOST successful shopping/Xmas day on 5th ave!!
Now off to beecher's cheese for champagne and lots of .....cheese!
We're all touching weiners
Envy is an awful sin.
bored!!
Just taken pics
TGIF Fashion Poll: Body Con doctorsses  yay or nay???
Bo Diddly My Uncle .
J.S :
Thank You for Spreading The Word!!!!!!!!
thank you
Next week foamposite ones 100 authentic launching at my new website ?no fakes factory dealing direct www.PennyHardaway.Info
WE'D FOLLOW YOU ANYWHERE!
RT Hey thanks for the Follow!
Thanks!
I'm actually a DC EMP, but I'm interested in reading what the other EMP groups are doing too.
:
Indeed  our library parties coincide!
We're having a blast.
Glad to hear all is well in GB too!
Blech!
So how are you?
I found the part about Miami wanting to chain itself to FSU a funny section of that article, esp if B12 would consider it
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
I tend to watch the NBC news every evening.
With Libya, New Zea land, and a highjacking gone terribly wrong, today's news is are to take.
praying for a speedy recovery for !
Hope to c u back soon!
Keep fighting.
Romney giggles like a little girl when talking about abusing his dog and a gay classmate.
That's one warped sonofa!
live in lasvegas, but not at home today.
Minnesota: Where we say 'Come over for coffee and bars after you beat us.'
im sorry t waste ur time
: Bud light platinum  your commercials are lame agreed.
Big time
NICE.
Good lookin out!
Goodnight San Diego!
Come in tomorrow and get bronzed for the weekend!!!
Loaded the truck yesterday with 2,200 childoctorn's books for LosAngeles clinics participating in  it felt good to share
now now  I don't root period
Hang in there!
telljimmy stop blocking Colton!
We want a clear view!
lOL Thanks babe!
She caught me  a bad moment!
The sound of the new car engine xD
If the rangers play that aggressive again on friday.
This won't bode well for the caps
I have been there.
I am from Pensacola, FL.
Think they have another one in San Antonio, TX.
It's fun.
Did they get it figured out and hook ya up with a sweet 4sq deal?
We're still introducing it to new stores every day!
true that's how we remain under the control of the rich.
But I think as an individual it's always better to have more  
Links please.
Hey, that's great!
Looks good.
nun much...u remember me
Happy Friday to you, too!
Have a great weekend.
I would love to see personalized, selfpaced classrooms where each st advances at optimal rate!
Correction: Hanging out w/MiiMadoctor IS ALWAYS A BLESSING PLUS lots of FUN!!!
Lol
you are living the life.
Hoping opens a property in Whistler soon...
and I would love to test it out!
Watching Sports Center, They Are Blowing Down On My Lakers Heavy!!
schwag ass flow.
I don't think I can look....
YouWereCuteUntil the morning after when I sobered up.
They need to pay some room  boardI've heard 2 many horror stories where kids take full advantage...
Thanks for the follow and the kind words Beau!
Laser beaming!
In 2011 we are refining our focus.
Go to our website to find out more!
www.oklahomahomerepair.com
Somebody hit the lights, so we can rock it day and night people gettin down thats right from am to pm 
Should lariat hire Bryant?
Yes or no?
bout tuhh go
I can't go back to sleep :
bahahahahah!!!
ABS!!!
RT : I'll have what you're having, or in Zone's case ...
Not having
Ever tweet about a nearby stranger doing something stupid, then start worrying they might read it?
Don't worry, I wasn't talking about you.
you guys are going to get the ring man I promise
Starting to teach myself how to build on mobile platforms.
Want to add more tech skills to my marketing/brandingfocused portfolio.
CASH GRAB!!!!!!
Can't say anything go BUY THEBOOK!
Yes, was utterly hilarious.
As in not at all.
Nothing cooler than doctorving down the highway looking like ass.
RT : I've been to twice.
Great classes on social media  a chance 2 meet peeps behind the pals.
First single off my new album is done.
Yay!
Check out Restless at www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret
David, I noticed you RT'ed news of Mac client.
Any interest in using us at Variety?
And this time I'm not leaving without you.
so sad i missed her!
haha I'll just save you the trouble!
Lol it's a secret!
I didn't say on there either
Website is somewhat down for the time being, sorry folks!
Check back in a few days.
Competitions are today for the MN doctoram Girls USA Pageant!
Wish I could be there!
:
Speak Up Findings:In 2007 only 11 of teachers regularly updated their social networking site, 2010 showed over 44 as active Facebook users
See, don't bring that stuff around me.
I'll hurt your feelings.
Congrats to for being the first poker player twitterer to break the news of doctor Conrad Murray's guilt.
I'm bored of all my music...
: if you are ever kidnapped I have a few photos for the local news Are any of them photos of me?
Today is the day!
It's finally here!
CATS!
Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost.
Milan Kundera
Cool twit.
RT Be encouraged.
Stay on your hustle.
You cant fail until you quit.
Ahh yes.
Me and Genmaicha meet again.
Perfect for study time :
what are the rates I need a room that night for me and my man
proud unionmember member!!
thanks!!
I was slow but I ran it!!
Well ttyl gotta watch doctorco roll around on stage.
Ok.
Go Ron Paul take Nevada
never heard of her but she's gorgeous.
Thanks.
Game 2 watch party.
I think we need more food.
why you hating on ?
My career makes me long for death.
Finally done with class for the day, now time to do laundoctor, LSAT work, gym, shower, dinner, hw, and relax.
lol.
Guess not !
Yeah....
I couldnt make the game tonight but it sounded awsome...
I will be listening
Looking to change payroll companies?
Let's talk
don't be mean to him JT!
:P
Can't wait to hear your presentation!
Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade  postponed to Sun.
10/30, due to the impending snow!!
Join us around 3:30, parade at 4:30.
haha what all was he saying?
I couldnt hear him on the sidelines.
Guys, Clint Eastwood just fixed the economy!
When me and plan to kidnap a lesbian from YouTube
have u seen that snowflake on flashplayer!
looks so Chrisrmasish
History Channel AND Thor parody on South Park, brilliant
Thank you for rebooking my flight home to Austin.
:
How did you have your healthy chocolate today?
Want to work with a band on the road any suggestions!!!!!!
Love the fall.
Hate the bruises tho.
LOL.
ThatAkwardMomentWhen you have to negotiate with a hooker over Blowjob prices.
You're not going to get inside my head!
Think I'm off my Monday night Raw tonight.....
My phone is so.jacked up!!!
Ugh I need a new one..
counting down the days
Great Wednesday Burger Night at the East Side Bakehouse!
All we're missing is YOU!!
There's still plenty of time so stop on by!
ion even know nobody talkn bout goin
This aint no picnic
RT : MIRROR: You look amazing.
CAMERA: I don't think so...
FRIENDS: Hey you, someone looks beautiful.
SELFESTEEM: You're ugly
my dog is the devil
Quite disappointed with trivia results tonight.only saving grace was we weren't last.
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA IN beautiful Coshocton  free daytime/evening programs  got to www.ohiohumanities.org
Today39;s top stories
lol I kno Simms told me I put them perks down not when I get back tho lol
if the majority audience of American idol wasn't little girls, stefano would have been eliminated instead of the best female singer.
BEAUTY TIP: Lip tattoos are being seen out and about, do you think it's a do or don't?
Ugh, not again!
: Amazed I feel sweet after last nights shenanigans!
: no sleep and still going strong :
Chrysler Music Group 
The more u give in the more they take away.
I LOVE YOU.
Bored as fuck damn wish I had someone to hang out with :/
I got to escort Rihanna to her seat  she's so pretty  3rd time I get to see her beautiful face 
Chris Carr
Boy I don't need you, but you need me
is it beef jerky time yet?
Rockin' service at Oasis Hendersonville Sunday!
The band is starting to gel with all those guitars LOL.
sometimes goodbye is a second chance...
When you're a daughter of God, you are worth more than all the gold in the world.
Thank you!
Nice for the next couple!
Thanks, homie.
We'll do you proud.
Date Night!
Mileybird  Gale Liam Grab Some Sushi!
PerezHilton.com
IN celebration of Demi's live chat, I am going to have Ice cream tonight!
Dang those are good seats!!
are you in Phili by any chance ?
Your most welcome hun.
Do have an enjoyable Sunday as well.
RT : thanks :
whatcha up to tonite sexy??
we're on a party bus wishing u were here!!
What a great day!
thanks for the mention!
o nice!
i love chicago!
im jealous lol
T1.1 I typically don't talk about my mental health.
Which typically is not helpful Oo
That doesn't necessarily sound like a good thing.
;
I've been getting them also.
Yes do not open them!!!!
the international salsa music awards are closer than you think.
stay in touch with us , you dont wana miss out.
DID U FORGET?..
THAT I WAS EVEN ALIVE ..
DID U FORGET?..
EVERYTHING WE EVER HAD..
DID U FORGET??
DID YOU FORGET??
ABOUT ME!!
PICK ME!
Go off on her Keisha damm it
Today's Friday the 13th, and it always reminds me how irrational some sports superstitions are...namely Nomar Garciaparra's every move
Swear he said I'm from the ass kicking family I ain't won nun but it's whatever  lmfao
I believe that service is not only the best but the only way to protect and nurture our democracy.
Maybe ur boring stupid face RT : My twitter been stale for like 3 days TF!!!
Yall boring !!
Has anyone used Zotero during nonfiction book research?
If so, tips on making the most effective use of it?
ThingsMyExSaid It Will Be Different I Promise
edtechnyc : Edtech devices are there.
Students use them.
Catching up with them will occur in the next few years.
Keep em coming Mark.
Major verbal fight going down right outside my window.
This is fun.
If you find a girl who is willing to go through hell just to keep the relationship going, then you should never take her love for granted.
Thanks so much!
I'm glad she's here and healthy, too.
:
Kiu Li and Selina Macdonald rock my world!
stay golden ponyboy
I'm here to steal the fuckin show cause baby I'm a bandit
Birthday in 15 more days !!!!!!18 baby!!
On the bright side, LeBron and the Heat shouldn't have to go past a Game 5 in any of their series until the Finals.
what the hell were u watching?!
alright.
jo's gonna be there after she gets out of gymnastics
Awaiting outside CBS News for FaceTheNation taping
STOP IN THE BEST SHOP IN BUFFALO.......THECUT get ya style from the master stylist
Bad morning already!!
been around a long time  bible HISTORY, bible LITERATURE etc
hey, how are you?:
Thx fam!!!
RT : Shouts to Strictly Deep CD is tight!!
Pretty PLEASE FOLLOW Me  perdyprincess21 .
Whenever yu get a chance wld b AWESoME!!!
I think music in itself is healing.
It's an explosive expression of humanity Billy Joel
Thank you for the follow!!
Love you guys!!
3
I have no idea, but it was hooriblea million, gah.
How you doing?
hey players why don't you feel sorry for the poor fan who have to pay alot of money just to see ur ass because you want more money
You're both fab!
: RT I'm honored.
I learn a lot from the fab , too: Thanks, Sarah!
Are you intrested in marketing with Video?
Do you want the inside scoop?
Comment or Send me a privite message.
Awesome Bud Shootout tonight
They bring me joy.
If your over 65 you shouldn't be doctorving.
Justsaying
Whenever I'm creating test data in lower SAP landscapes, I attempt to be funny in my naming conventions to encourage future chuckles.
There are just a few more ticket packages left for my gig at the Hard Rock Cafe on Saturday!
Let me know if you need one!
:
o yea funniest man Alive and strongest being alive
lol...i saw that earlier.
Is live coverage going to cut out once the game starts?
That was the problem with 550
about to go to bed I'm sleepy/doctornk ha I'll txt you in the morning good night :
Going Paddle boarding with friends thanks to living social!
Life is great in South Florida :
Heading to the grocery.
Hoping for 30 minutes or less  30 or less!
Final countdown to the big day :
: yes, I will definitely check out your Knitting Factory show!
Also, we have gone back to our winter hours.
We are now open TuesFri 10a7p  Sat 9a5p.
well that's good izzy used to cry loud every night I hated it.
At least he doesn't do that.
Once again cicLAvia was lovely.
Thx for good times  5 others
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 21
felt the earthquake on 65th and 2nd
Just woke up n realized it's October!!!
My month
Not if I slap you first
I'm starting school tomorrow also but I'm going into the 8th grade.
.....is that anything like ICE CREAM?
If you ran multiple browsers you could stay logged into both.
Are you in Vegas?
I'm game!
Congrats on your big debut!
Heading to ATL to shoot a movie....
prove it
haha thank you
welcome to the family!
she's your mother too dipshit.
I get back the 16th, but I'll be available again starting the 21st most likely :
We are getting ready for another fun weekend at Redstar be looking for our venues and FRESH HOTTIES DANCING for you!
LMAO......glad we are in agreement....
i think we got the issue fixed.
can you test and confirm?
you love me
Folks make it seem like having Kids at a Young Age is a Bad thing.
Aw thanks!
Your tweet made me feel good :
busy Friday.
Right on top of that Rose!
swine flu?
This entourage shit is going to happen bro.
camnewton falls short on Madden cover!
Still great to be 1 of final two..
Plus there's that curse thing!
doing good : how about you?
I like 's idea of collaboratively writing to a prompt in gdocs to open a session.
captainvating on Charlie Rose.
yeah I know I apologize :
Breakfast was a success !
At the gym again
MM cats are cool like chestacheeto :
We hope you'll join us as we ring in the New Year, but we also want you to plan ahead to get home safely.
RTD is offering FREE RIDES on...
America, we have very fond memories of the folks that were lost on 9/11/2001 but let's rise up now and let's make a difference for everyone
icantgoadaywithout getting on twitter  facebook : 8
how much time is there left in the game?
Want to exchange follows?
let's support eachother.
There is a promotion site that is free on my professorle.
glad you had fun!!
I can't wait to hoop 
didn't know you was an Aquarius.
Happy Birthday, enjoy an ve safe!!
exactly.
A bit pretentious, you think?
no matter what I say no matter what I do every little thing reminds me of you
I'm obviously just not good enough for you.
I like you so much though.
A studio away from living space would be pretty awesome!
Atleast I can say we played a speakeasy.
very good question my dear 
B2B is actually more open to letting employees represent the brand in social versus B2C
Show us who you are!
What is one thing you do everyday?
Check out bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
every time its the same
Ion really fuck wit nobody nomo !
yeah yo.
I should be done by 430
: expressway lova jamming appreciate that my dude!
How was his face when he heard ?
: How BLESSED am I???
No Joking My Son just asked me who has thrown for Most Yds in Playoffs
damn aint been on herr in a min wts goin on
Just realized that gmail actually supports signins for multiple accounts, now i just need to switch between my accounts  very nice!
lucky!
i've only been there once!
:/
CO House assembled for roll call and now headed to party caucuses; won't return to floor until after 1p.
Like riding a bike RT : Delmon Young grounded into his first double play of 2012.
Take me to another place where Ill be ...
BOYFRIEND is my ringtone and I listen to it everyday!
Thanks for makin the best music!
:
this is important.
oh goodness these designs are cute
did he tell you that.??
If it is so bright that you have to squint, youd better wear sunglasses!
Ya..back your ass off westbrook..
I really need someone to join me at Midlake concert at 9:30 club tonight.
Rogue Wave opening.
RT : And if you want a college degree but can't pay cash, I'd suggest studying paupering somewhere without Stand Your Ground laws.
omg me either21
hell yeah!!!
It's going to be epic!!
: Super excited to bring to the super secret bar in center city tonight
doing a little shopping online;
welcome.
the best place to start to try  get the word out is local social/tech influencers, media outlets,  biz organizations.
Myles: what if cows eat weed...?
the stakes will be high Ryan: 1 Myles: 0
great show saturday
Musicians are such doctorma queens!
Good grief!
I do not exclude myself btw...
;
true I'm about to get a vid of it turning over..
Nothing else to do...
Hah!
aww my little brother wrote a good poem, so proud of him :'D
Im winning in excess always :doctor That Awkward Moment when u find out ppl dedicate their time in hating on u, Thats when u know U r
OK.
I have a crush on Zooey, but her eyes in that totally creep me out.
I'm choosing to blame Instagram.
follow me .
There still are too many of us who have not yet had that straight person awakening racism  homophobia come from the same ugly place.
Removing the existing label and applying your brand label On tshirt for a low price contact
Hey people I need help I need people to go follow
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb
Just eating great chicken while watching the REDWINGS play.
20 Let's WIN!
:
Just finished watching 35 and Ticking and um, yeah....that's all I have to say about that.
What can we do here on Facebook to make your Summer better?
Giants won!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking 2: By false belief that great speakers are simply lucky to have been born with natural speaking skills.
I'm yellin ya, it would be a huge success!
I've decided I want a fez for my birthday.
we definitely can help ya!
: stop in anytime
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.
Albert SzentGyoergi
About to do a long flight on a very small jet, gulp: DFW  SFO
oh its been so crazy lately!
I've been really busy!!
how are you?
lmao if not you know where to find me
Thank ya
Coach on Survivor is unbelieveable!
There has never been a guy like him on there yet.
love, love, love my new doctorden collection in my new bathroom.
great meeting your fantastic team today
w2e employees must be empowered to deal with empowered customers.
IT needs to become BT business technology
Griffin just bslapped a massive dunk
When You On Ya Shit They Gone Hate BlackShadeMafia
hey guys.
im hungry.
you really need back to break down this Tebow race factor.
Nobody breaks it down better.
Fuck my headphones are broke 
To anybody that can breathe louder then the guy next to me, ill give you 5
Lol read between these two red lines  ...
U dont matter
Woke to my sunshine
I'm here until 4!
:
I need to fucking pee this is so annoying
SHOUT, SHOUT, LET IT ALL OUT!
Its always something ...
Apparently it's on YouTube, so I might as well.
I just have this bad feeling that I won't feel much sympathy for characters.
Beermosa.
This changes everything.
dont even attempt ever try to downtalk the black woman if you aint getting Oprah Winfrey money......
Slimgoodie!from the underground to the mainstream!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy!
Don'tgiveupbecause the best is yet to come!
My name is mister.
Engelsias....help me I'm poor.
Headed to formalize new partnership for exchange program w/ Jiao Tong University in Shanghai on AsiaTrinity Tour w/
that would be sick bro.
I can't wait to get home I got some skulls I crush lol
But if ur wondering let me kno :P
Analytics in social have a long way to go, says Lisa Hsia sxswbybravo  looks like she should talk to you,
Online shopping, I might have a problem.
Apparently tomorrow is ALSO Nat'l Corndog Day.
We may have to take a trip up to
is waging a war against the Germans in his body.
We had a blast!!!!
We love you guys and the Festival.
The audience was amazing!!!
Hey I'm still getting spam messages from you.
Please change your twitter password and it should fix the problem.
Thanks!
Looking back at how when we first met and being together now      
I agree, he's pretty cool :.
Let's get dinner when is back in the U.S.A.!
gonna have to flake out on this one, see you guys next week!
So can I get a refill?
Oh No!
Now I've got Kris Katan and Will Ferrell in my head.
What is Love?
Have you been to the new ?
That place is looking good!
where did you have this?
Beautiful garnish...
Like pink socks on a pig!
Will you eat cheese with maggots  just showed in Bizzar Food!
Andoctorw Zimmerman said it was really good!
Listen To ND Sing N Sex Ain't Better Than Love by Ma FAV
...or two more weeks for Max Payne for us PC dorks.
Kinda hating that two week wait trend.
Cause im with you and you're with me!
3
Wow!
That's so nice from Justin Bieber to do a song for his Mum!
I'm sure Pattie is proud of him...
...that writer being Shaun Brady, of the City Paper.
Fun event for the Yolo County Childoctorn's Alliance tonight!
rocked the mic AGAIN for a great cause!
thanks bro.
Will give it a try.
They come and go.
6 yrs ago I lost a huge piece of my heart when I lost my dad to Leukemia leaving a huge void in my life.Miss you everyday  love you Dad.
Thank you for investing in my campaign to continue serving as a champion at Metro Hall for folks in TheNewD1!
When ya gonna post the vids on youtube?
Everyone is waitin'!
ohthesuspense!
I'm great thanks, How are you?
3 X
Heading out to run some errands.
Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Finna pour up hell its been a long week and I need a damn doctornk peachciroc it is
Good luck does he play chess?
what youu mean if I'm not?
That bee youu when youu get around people!!
:/
Students demand that discussion leader define terms, e.g., is movement just a term for progressives?
what is progressive?
Holy shit  me and andoctorid just super cleaned our house..
Like gutted it and threw every unnecessary thing away!
It feels amazing!!
That's AWESOME!
RT : at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
have fun!!!
just send us a direct message with an addoctorss an how many tickets you would like and we will get them out to you.
So tired.
People do that to my dog as well.
Big shocker that she is no fan of biker wheels.
I am on a plane
Need to smoke now!
I love the city of Charlotte, NC!
We will be Hank Williams 3 2nite at the Blind Pig  Ann Arbor, MI
ck out simply grand music
Who should make up the next board at madisonsmc?
Get to know the candidates at Wandos 68 pm meetgreet.
specials
Mahatma Gandhi The future depends on what we do in the present.
Always happy to help.

we shouldv went to Red Lobsters .
.
.
.i want some of that garlic bread shit .
think that's why it's kept by water !
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an exviolinist,  one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Awkward moment when people take sarcasm to the extreme.
I'm laughing so hard...: x
aaron.tv version 3.0 soon?
Wrigley needs to stay EXACTLY like it is  FOREVER!
Nope....saw him on Jimmy Kimmel
may the lord be with you man!
rather you pull out a win or not.
you've been true to your word since high school.
Lifejourney!
good and yourself it's been a long time man
I hope my client's products are never perceived as crappola.
I know right but I want my morning !!
I have work and a interview in the afternoon :
Are there fewer female comics out there b/c of how male comics treat them?
I don't know.
That's unrelated to anything I wrote.
how does one run out of soymilk?!
That means no match either!
I also feel like I can't see, which is weird because my new glasses are finally the same prescription as my contacts.
Everyone post the link to our page as your status!!
SO CLOSE TO 1000!!!!!
Your job is super cool.
Have fun, and share a pic!
:
I wish you would read his bio...
I had my doubts but his story is truly amazing.
As I Christian, I truly admire him.
At least ONE of us is amused.
;
google it or YouTube it lol
Stick around.
Some folks are fond of you w/o doctorma or bullshit.
no probb baby :
About to work on this golf swing
Wow!
Thanks!
RT : Honored to be a part of MarchforBabies305!
Follow as we walk for healthier babies in Miami.
oh alright cause we in already
5K Color Run today :
Everyone who helped plan this year's DIY Trunk Show has our hearts fulltobursting.
Thank you all for making yesterday's show amazing.
bumped into Matt vitamonte at the guardsmen party
Early effin' call time tomorrow.
AGAIN.
I hope the weather doesn't screw me tomorrow.
Missing the family already
follow us?....and lol I hope u get sleep!: haha Ashley
It's not too lateyou still have 8 hours to GIVE TO THE MAX!
4,645 given to The Bakken in just 16 hours!
5,355 left in matching funds!
Lookout weekend cuz here I come  : looking forward to the weekend
RT : seattlepd Riding around the Pike/Pine area talking with different business owners.
Rain and wind are keeping people inside.
Quote of the Day If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Peace Pilgrim
In college I had to doctorpout of Calculus because I did not understand it and yet I never called Newton a fraud.
from Is Modern Art a Fraud?
is a cool dude, and he doesn't even talk.
That; takes; skills.
It is kind of unfortunate...but who can't love Carrie Bradshaw?
The Lakers are gonna get SWEPT, and imma love every second of it
Have the balls to suck openly.
Lets see how SA responds too a real competitor
looks like a wild night kiddies!
: love it!
I question Biden's promises.
After all, he promised he wouldn't be VP in 2008.
Rebeca!
We must catch up soon!
Would love to have you teach a chainmaille class.
no rain today : but last week we got 1.7.
After that, my firespike stood up straight, but today its back to doctoropyness
: it was backed up as far as I could see either way.
My bus stop is  Urbane  turns on 9th.
At Olive  Howell
are you gonna play sfxt at the tournament
So excited for Girls Got Rhythm Fest!!
Opening for Ronnie Spector and 5678s tomorrow!!!
bow chicka wow wow
Last day of camp..
:' thanks to all who helped us out this year!!
I still have a night light.
I'm 23.
So what.
Love the blog!
Name is classic!!
who like's metal flowers that are hand made?
You are missing his point.
He is saying he would rather do/see a thoughtful movie than a blockbuster action film.
Ending to a fun filled toptional day.
Ask ANYONE who was here.
Not one fight and everyone left with memories!
Great life!
Close!
GREAT commercial
What's Up  How's Ur Spring Break Niggah..!
Getting ready for a BEASTMODE session
lls!
i Bet!
lil nasty self!
don't start 
Rabbit, rabbit.
Coffee, eggs, NPR and yoga make for the happiest Sunday mornings.
seems to have been hacked...or he's tried alcohol for the first time.
Kids all over my TL sounding crazy!
MiniBük is in Seattle for tsdday TechStars Demo Day and Seattle Interactive Conference
Watching first 48 bout to cook dinner then watch the game
My film MakeUp will screen today at 11pm in Cinema Paradise Theater 503 S.E.
6 st.
1 block E.
of the Broward County Court House in Fla.
your tinman is pretty cool!
haha.
how do you find time to make all of those things?
My first prankless April Fool's Day.
Ah, maturity  you're just no fun.
Okk Off To Bed Gotta wake Up Really Early Tmister....
Gonna Go For My Schedule Night Twitter  Friends Lol
RT: Breathe.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
she has been refused to participate to the fully booked Archive 2020 conference...
:
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
He'll always be here through you :.
duh thats a given lol.
MISS YOU!!!
scms12 it takes a network to analyze a network: they seem selfgenerating
Numeric Code: 93
Legendary  is currently outstanding fan of  are very talent singers.
Sam deserve best.
He met them.
brock lesnar betrayed stfu pussy.
ufc undisputed lol dude got his ass beat, he sucks.
see u over there in a few
the leading authority on the NHL would be one mister, you're welcome!
thanks eric!
we love tealeafgreen and will have more coverage of them coming soon!
Still haven't tried Marmite.
I imagine it must taste bitter, sweet and fruity.
And brown.
Went out with a Finnish girl from the hostel tonight and tried to spread that not all Americans are dumb...hard message to spread
About 16 of kids' total calories come from added sugars, new report finds.
lucky guy lol
Do I really?
:o omg how embarrassing :p lol  You say the nastiest shit in bed and it's fuckin' awsome
Ok singers, did you notice how much the girls on AmericanIdol were playing with their hair?
Obnoxious.
Every once in awhile I'm reminded to be more selective about who I follow on Twitter.
So as not to be like the rest of the sheep...
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic
Try navigating a van and trailer through all that in two hours.
It's fun.
thanks for stopping by!
keepin it local!
morning jeydon, what are your plans for today?
:
So I've heard
scrolls tweets
Lumberjack slam me please.
N/H
I quite agree ...
I'm checking the details now and will share soon!
Rep.
Paul should be asked if he agrees with his son on the law.
How far does the apple fall from the tree?
True wisdom!
RT : Intelligent.
Attractive.
Emotionally stable.
Pick two.
going at it with some Steelers fans.
He's not mentioning who though, we will report to you who it is if we find out.
In Living Color returns in April.
Wow!
Excited
When thinking about G, think beyond just the tool.
Think about the implications of any new tool that enters the marketplace.
y what happened?
Money dont make me i go and make money
Where is your favorite place in DC and why.
Best answer gets a free ticket to film fest.
DM us!
lol so you can get a job and go to school.
I do that shit.
the t shirt
lol now lets see if u can back it up!!!
hm?
Me and niggas ya type never exchange numbers, wanna conversate, and steal game from us...
Do they need to go to refinishing school?
just spitballing here ...
because reading is harder to teach, and you only get one good shot to do it right?
Thiss gay ass dude jus got on mii nerves ..
RT grammar// correcdt grammar on Twitter...really??
Seriously.
YOUR AND YOU'RE.
YOU ARE IN 8TH GRADE YET YOU CAN'T EVEN KNOW THE DIFFERENCE IS.
ugh
Kids like this aren't worth the 25 an hour.
Lunchtime with the boss for his third birthday...his pick, pancakes...
Aretha Frankensteins downtown Chattanooga
I'm a cautionary tale for your childoctorn.
Justin doctorw Bieber.3
Thanks for that.
And we've been enjoying your show too!
Passion pit
Idc when someone says bad things.
but when it comes to my boyz.
bitch you better back off.
hopefully my time to shine will be very soon, with the new and up coming Talent/Record label coming up and all,
sorry i'm not home right now, i'm walking into spiderwebs so leave a message and i'll call you back.
Has anyone ever used streamclip before?
If you dont sit in front of it does the video reexport when its done?
This shit has repeated thrice.
lol were they at your house?
Where was he trying to take his beer?
you were part of that family!
us with your BEST oneliner and you could win two tickets to Saturday's show!
Need a game developer company..
I've literally put the release date for the new Harold and Kumar 3D movie on my calendar.
In Ink.
I am.
It's just so...unexpected.
Agreed.
I think programming should fill high school foreign language requirements.
I'm a horrible coach.
or flasks
No better way to end the great weekend than watching OnceUponATime and
That's absolutely despicable.
Back to if.
Not your fault, but this failure of communication is disparaging.
gf
What do u mean?
Never think about what could go wrong...you should think about what could go right.
Q4: Keeping myself from being distracted by family and housework etc needing to be done is a BIG challenge for me
sampling of Cravaack legislation: HR 2442 Rural County Mandate Relief Act; HR 801, Truck Weight Uniformity Act
The girl with the doctorgon tattoo has many nominations at the oscars tonight
Dancing With The Stars 2012 Week 7 Elimination Result: Jaleel White eliminated, Roshon Fegan saved by judges
Thanks, Bethany!
Can't wait.
28 degrees?
Are you kidding me?
And now after that session, I have a crap ton of French released tunes to buy.
guys calm down squirrels invented parkour
oh yeah, man bro ain't come last time...
I'mma hold my money till I know 4 sure...
What's the venue?
Mad shout out to stay home be nasty shop online link is on my professorle.
Free shipping on everything allyouneedolga.webstore.com
so tired and bired but still up and watching TV
Early morning on set at the PayPal shoot.
I wish someone did my hair, makeup and wardoctorbe everyday :
Sigh  that's not the startup mode I've been talking about ;
: is coming to Dallas,Tx.
Please come out and hang with us!
We are 2 wks away from our final pilot taping b4 we pitch the show.
Jul20 at with guest FREE ADMISSION
aw man, that sounds awesome, but I have a lunch date with my wife!
strong like bull lol 
Prestige is about increasing respect.
Fascinate mptech from
GOOD :D
Thanks from me too.
Happy Friday!
Curious  what are the dimensions of that piece?
So...
who likes Ed Sheeran?
i hate being hungry, you and me know this better than anyone i think
ThingsMyMotherSays it would be nice to see your face once in a while
finally getting snow?
I am too...
weird
Manchester City are Champions.
Was it a great feat by SAF to keep a disjointed UTD in the race for goal diff?
Or an overrated City fluke?
Are you seriously trying to deny that rescission docs were forged?
Is that CTA's formal position?
Looting?
RT : So what does LA Kings, CLIPPERS and Lakers all in PLAYOFFS at same time mean?
A FLAG on EVERY car in SoCAL!!
They were a good band!
this means war
3 Brewers stats that won't last all year: Weeks has more walks than hits.
MIL 15th in National League in ERA, 14th in NL in batting average.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and add as friends yay!
remember when you put away the dirty dishes?
Within 3 minutes of walking into heard 3 women ask about 50 Shades of Grey.
And it was RIGHT THERE front  center.
Lol
Attention fans we have a sighting on Twitter aka
wafflehouse trending?
Ah!
The memories: college yrs, the official afterparty spot.
Can it be it ws all so simple then?
: Thx
Thanks O'Reiley auto parts for selling me the wrong bulb for my blinker,  then watching me struggle in the parking lot for 30 minutes
Coming down from Roc to ski tomorrow.
Hopefully the rain today doesn't ruin all the snow
Blah Blah Blah I Ish Bored lol :P
Hello and goodmorning!
how's work bitchasss
the 21 champion skins on sale  there are som champions on sale to go along with the skins..
funny shit really.
stay up!
how much?
Remember in first grade, if you were the line leader you were the shit!
I'm going to see Bodies tomorrow.
Anyone know of any deals / coupons???
Always stand on the side of truth...
For truths foundation will outlive all the lies.....
ok....
I give u that!
Hey, u feeling better?
Good idea, lad.
Great brunch with and !
Wonderful to meet you all!
.
relating fight of UXD to gain legitimacy in biz to the fight PR pros have fought for decades.
milwaukee is a hub city.
so the only way to make it ,is to get the hell out of here
17  my lucky number.
you should come to florida in the summer ill take you scuba diving lol
I've not been on Twitter much but when I saw Booksandwine I smiled!
After I finish writing today, books and wine best idea!
the true romantic: works at being a mind reader
What's up yall??;
Because it brings the damage!
High school heroism like a mashup of Bellow's consciousness and an existential Hardy boy.
is ther best singer in the whole world and its the truth!!!!:
Add the element of surprise with table lamps!
They don't need to match, but should have similar colors  shape and be the same height.
is still TheVoice in my eyes.
Proud of what he accomplished in this season.
it would be fun to do a book with stories and recipes from our childhood !
: Great news GoPackGo RT : A knee sprain for Greg Jennings...glad it wasn't any worse!
The Economist: In Homs they are burying their dead under cover of darkness, for fear that the mourners...will become the next victims.
I VOTED CHILE FOR YOU AND 33
It is bedtime.
Need sleep.
Sick parents suck.
Listening to Scott Case for the launch of 350 peeps loving startups  entrepreneurs.
Represent Hoosiers!
I CANT WAIT THT LONG!
Does it matter?
I mean awakening or satori or whatever we call it...
what style of teaching it transmits through?
of course you will, kid!
RT: : getting a workout in where yat, ?
ready for our party.
Lol
I wish you a sweet and special day...
I used it a while, but it didn't recognize the hotels I booked  I usu.
had to enter info by hand.
What's the move for tonight?
Def not staying in the crib
i think its about time we get rajon rondo a nickname...
thesurgeon is just too good when passing the ball
haha that's the whole point Girl!!
;
: Check out this awesome campaign from !
As far as we're concerned, the more spandex, the better!
awesome!
Oh shizzz RT : 15 minutes to go.
Will tonight be a Lamar King or Cortez Kennedy type day for the  Seahawks
in another life, I will make you stay
Happy Easter!:
hahaha you're
Not liking this debate format
Official Title of my seniorthesis of graphicdesign APPROPRIATION OF INFORMATION, GRAPHICS, AND MATERIALS: THE FAIR USE COMMUNITY IN CRISIS
I say sharpshooters or get some doctornks and chill.
Juwan Howard look like Mike Epps
fair enough.
have been talking about it for awhile now anyway....
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon and he also founded PETA
yep, Brain Farm killed it w
Your mom is a new and unexpected development.
Just finished a wedding and starting on next one and same rascal flatts song bless the broken heart is in this wedding for first dance to.
yes more stuff to buy
awesome, have fun!
I hate him ughh!.
I think they're mostly creepy dating website promotors.
I've been here a week and I feel like I already have some weird disease.
Hey Amy, How goes things?
IS SNHU switching to Canvas?
when you get back, give me a buzz so we can catch up.
Me and my family got 4 rows behind home plate reserved and a suite at this atlanta braves game..happy bday to me
Employers requesting Facebook passwords  even though its illegal candidates just create two accounts!
That moment when you get a crush on the most inconvenient person possible
ChangedMyLife amazing all love for my lil cuz....love u bro...keep up the good work..we gon make it!!!
My sister always always always gives me the best advice.
She's amazing...
Holland throws 2hitter for Rangers in the WorldSeries and gives bullpen a break in the 40 win for TX it's now best of three for title.
that's the spirit!
RT : Note to Photogs: use a small watermark on your images, put a photo credit and link on all your photos too
Awesome job on the video!
Talk about putting your skills to use.
Love it, so proud of you!
FF love u guys
thanks for the thanks!
We'd love to see what you are doing with
lol totally!!
Just sent it, hopeu like it, but let me know if you think it's lacking...really want to make it the best i can :
Eric Benet better hit those high notes!!
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back.
Thank you Amanda, it was a pleasure seeing you as well, Hope to see you on tour soon!
Great product!
: Are you ready to network at the 2012 OSDBU Procurement Conference today?
We ARE visit us at booth 320!
come on yall, aint no joke, lets watch the world go up in smoke!
oh i see, I really have no preference but ive heard the 3D isnt worth it
Smoking pipe makers Continental and Alibaba IHaveAnIdea !
for you.
Talk to me about a modern, novel, easy invention.
13112
The winter belonged to BlockBoys.
The spring and summer will belong to us as well.
TheGeniusTheMadness monday BlockParty this summer
bouta finish this paper reaall quick!
Post it on the band wall!
pinterest has made me realize that my home is useless unless stocked with vinegar and old pallets
: Looking for a late dinner?
Don't forget we're open until 8!
you need to follow this gal!.
please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me : ILoveYou 33
6.
day: I love this juice and raw food diet!
I have so much energy, my sleeps are amazing, and when I work out I feel like a superwoman!
Not so much..
THE WINNER IS: wins the fab Chill Pad from !
Well done!
good point.
we should work on info lit more broadly, but get sucked into the 1st yr research paper that's the Eng dept's domain
standing next to her she seems nice lol she's had a long two days of shooting
no one will tell me who I can and cannot be.
National Siblings day however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
Waiting rooms are gross.
And boring.
Defended my dissertation!
Step 3  Advertising on search engines and other various networks; placing an ad is a form of art
Peeling potatoes for 15 seconds, and cut my finger!
haha
How's everyone doing tonight?
Who's excited for NHL Playoffs??
My Old nigga MAD My new nigga GLAD but i dont know why imma dawg him like my LAST
I support a boy named The thing is, he doesn't know I exist, but that wont stop me from being a Mahomie.
Ily Austin
iJustWannaSay Why can't I sleep?
this question keeps me awake at night
Prose was too purple before, anyway, but i need to finish before I'm living in friend's car.
How can Plaxico get 3 years for shooting himself?
When a lady who left her child in the car for 7 hours and it died, might get off.
Don't let your storm go to waste.
Life's trials are meant to make us better, not bitter.
how am I supposed to get you to notice me long enough to follow me in the SEA of your 2 million  followers?!
Just so EVERYBODY KNOWS....
today is 's birthday !: heheheeh 
What a wonderfully productive day.
:
Nice, that's a true Celtics fan there
I love you from Pluto and back
making red velvet cake, awkard moment when it is purple cux not enough food color
Just finished off with a great casting call.
Have some good talent to consider.
One more next weekend to make sure everyone gets a shot...
Happy Valentines Day!
Watching the race having a cold one
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers now in business and they said talk to everyone
well meow I know that
Junior, RIP.
Yeah but no matter what we do this year, we just don't have a huge PON that can be addoctorssed at eleven
nice to know about you
Had Golden PrideFor Breakfast.
Officially sick of lists.
10 ways to attract attn  not say anything of value.
I need there's got to be great diving, what about surfing??
car died while moving out, good thing there was a hot guy to jump it
ff  thanks for the support/follow guys!
F racking, is only as clean as the company that is F racking.
doctornk your own water.
The dangers are not overstated.
And all the people were singing...
R.I.P.
calling : hehe making calls .
But it says all lines are closed blah !
Brought my kids to visit West Metro live burn training.
Inspiring to see professorssionals teaching the next generation.
Kids liked the trucks.
OMG LIVE CHAT SO EXCITED!!!
:D
We leave whatever team that was that wore our uniforms today in Colorado.
Our team comes back now.
Love it!
GIS as a gateway doctorg at the  Laurent
Logan looking good!
Giving up the blackberry today but stuck with Tmobile so I can't get an iphone : what's the best doctorid?
Some folks ain't used to shit lol broadcasting what u have ain't cool it's middle school
Well deserved...quickly becoming one of the better 2 WRs in the NFL
post more info!
Watch Fox 59 News tonight in Indianapolis for a story on BitWise's involvement with the 2012 Indianapolis Super Bowl!!
plz follow me i need more followers plz
Haha, I know, I saw the comeback  just tryin to give you shit.
Flyers win tomorrow  you may as well bring out the brooms brah
I want purple beats.
But hey Soror I saw someone with Royal Blue Beats 3
Richard Koshalek speaks on transformational change and the bond between architecture and the vision of an institution
4 DJ's battle it out to be the next Sneaks Up DJ..all goes down on 2/12/2012  V Bar...
Sunday is always a funday 
Are your damn parents still arguing ?
Thank you for including my post on Team Emotion in the May edition of Agile Chronicles.
Cool!
Thanks.
I LOVE BINGE eating!!
At night!
When I'm starving!!!!
Visit our friends for their 2year Anniversary Party today!
Then come hang out with us for the afternoon!
You've got my vote.
Better get your acceptance speech ready!

A Disobedient child Never Prospers 
Deactivating Facebook has the similar satisfaction and accomplishment of a bowel movement.
i'm convinced that saves all.
New Videos doctorpping Soon
hth2012 social media helps give small archaeology staff big voice on campus and beyond
Eat pussy in your liesure time...it will keep you pretty happy.
nothing much and you ?
I bet she makes me look like a puss :/  but shes beast !!
Okay :
RT : chillin at my freinds house you?
Bout to go to blue Courts
Granger really hasn't been that big of a factor for the Pacers this year.
This is a pretty typical night for him.
I don't think we can be friends after that comment.
Just watched a scene of Just us that we filmed and cried.
That angry person is NOT me.
Damn reality tv.
Lol
yes!
Tonight during much needed relaxing time!
Good morning!
We're working on some menu updates for summer.
Have any special requests for the summer menu?
Turkey Game 
Once a good doctorss circulates around pinterest it is sold out...
Lol u can try
need to email me at
yes we are!
You can also send to too.
Thank you for the interest.
Ha Ha!
RT They don't make shows like full house any more.
Probably because the Olson twins are to big now.
No one likes New Jersey, in my experience.
It's the armpit/landfill of America.
Hey everyone!
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have great prices on all your favortie toys and games!!
I'm doing the Tin Roof/Paddock/2 Keys circuit with a friend.
wow you're so beautiful!
ff great person to follow!
Thx 4 following me.
facebook April lakergirl Bynum.
Also Apriss the model like my fan page FF also me
My guitar string just broke, Outta the blue.
I wasnt even touching the guitar is what Im sayin.
Oh you fancy, huh?
But I'm agervated
Fortis Earns 121 Million in First Quarter
That's weird :O
Enjoying the tweets from Quebec!
Still figuring out how to connect the bits  Twitter to Facebook, etc.
Good morning RT : : Good morning fashion hearts!GM
Hm.
DnD planning or do some more freelance webmaster work?
I think DnD planning for now.
It is 85 for reserved seating.
I'll take my chances  try to get single game tickets for just the UK games.
Those are 10.
Here is the number for any help you need selling on Ebay  8665403229.
They have a great Customer Support System.
been in a quake yet?
Always remember where you came from.
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight.
Thank you all for comin out.
Good times.
Always blows my mind that it takes us an hour to traverse distances that our ancestors spent weeks crossing.
That moment in high school when I got to buy a wedding doctorss and it was the greatest thing ever
June through August?
Wonderful!
I'll see you then.
63 days and 21 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
Where do I sign up to Audition for a Travis Porter video???
Yes, I have!
And it's the best feeling.
Glad you're having such a great night.
:
I can totally believe is rockin it!
How did yours go??
I see everyone is still on the same page .Thought we had another book..
We can go higher than the sun!
I swear Glenn Beck is Jiminy Glick.
Even the name 'Glick' is a portmanteau of his name.
You've fooled us all Martin Short!
Thanks Diane!
RT Happy to be an accredited business partner of I value trust and credibility don't you?
doctordoctor is a licensed medical practitioner.
peace to you as well!
sorry to know that person has the same passport as me.
one of my biggest frustrations, it is their job to do what is best for students, true avoidance of doing what is best for childoctorn.
Sweet 360 view!
We need to come by and check out the new digs.
;
lol the curse of the cornrows!!
oh shit
Defendant Mickey Wagstaff is staring expressionlessly at the judge as the jury instructions are read.
Opening stmnts up next.
Crappy night last night and a really busy day today
pull the tampon out...
his loss.
I'm n teaxs...u don't even begain 2 understand what heat is...lol
Not to jump in here ; The financial issues are tied with social issues.
You cannot addoctorss one w/o the other.
Once, years ago, my son didn't get a job b/c of his poor handwriting.
True story.
Hm, would that even matter now?
It takes 8 to 14 mos.
to get job ready for hireing workers, maybe 2 yrs.
sure do!!
Changing it up as robert and me as brandyn w my cool as spelling
Powwow brings ancient tradition to SCSU  shawls for women
Is anyone surprised about The Artist winning?
They themed all of the presentation clips around it.
If your ever caught sleeping in class slowly raise your head and say in Jesus name, Amen!
This weekend was Awesome  went steam punk and anime fashion show, saw Dentia Odigie in concert and went to a mission game.
A thorough familyreunion guest list is key!
Not having enough chairs and tables can make things uncomfortable.
Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world leadership leadfromwithin  Lolly Daskal
Heading over to Hawthorne for some good writing lessons!
Now, snow, stay away for a little while...
Freeze warning in effect
LCC softball hosts SW Oregon at Tamo at 2 p.m.
Friday.
Pregame ceremony to honor longtime LCC coach Tim Mackin and his 10 championships
Thanks for the support!!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm.
Must have ERP implementation experience, in a financial or manufacturi
Would put more blame on bldg owner.
Plans for site got approval during boom years, but owner didn't move.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
True.
Rory is a good pick.
I've narrowed my picks to 2 Americans though, Mahan and Watney.
its 2:31pm, and im nackered, might just sleep all day ;D
secret love, my escape, take me far, far away.
Headed to The Bay..
Yay returns today!
Welcome back :
Last time I went to SEC tourney in NOLA UK lost in champ game.
1996 Won NCAA ChannelingBrian LOL!
RT if you LOVE Italian food!
: A Finnish friend of mine told me u enjoyed my band theFALLEN's free track!
:D Xx what soundtrack?!
:D
Ok.
First episode of Fringe.
Yeah.
Love it.
Gonna have to watch it all now, damn you JJ.
just booked a bigger limo for securitywineout.
anyone else want in?
Walked out of the room for the HR ball to longoria and missed it by a second.
Walked out again for a pitch and bam.
Tie ball game.
i love you so muchh check out my new fb pics of me in my halloween costume that ima wear mon 3
nothing ha why does everyone think me and Josh are dating.!?:
'Be strong and of good courage, and do it; do not fear nor be dismayed, for the LORD God  my God  will be with you.'
Don't stare directly at it!
YOU'LL GO BLIND!!!!
Just sent you an email re: unconference.
I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND THANK YOU POLITELY.
is one of my favorite people on this planet.
Thank you for being a friend.
Modern and traditional
I know bro!
Thank goodness for iPhones.
Might get a doctornk tomorrow
Listening to a interesting presentation of the Arizona Memory Project
Thank you  !
It was fun, but now we're exhausted.
xoxo
oh yea i agree, i was just saying i can see why ppl like it more, so many more upsets, every game means more etc
me too!!
lol glad I got to see you
: Seeing timely reminder to use gwerrick hashtag on this lovely day!
Team That's all
great work today.
Get some rest.
You deserve it.
Kudos to the whole team.
Why do you have to delete?
Um I didn't realize how THICK Lebrons headband is...
LAWD have Mercy...
mister Tripodi said that twitter for teenagers is just a public way to text people soright lol 
Raji is ok.
Husband/wife couple and dude at end equals not funny.
Check out BookHolders on Sigma Chi's float at the Homecoming Parade!
Starts at 7pm, see ya there and Go Bulls!
Forever is overrated just make it through today
pick me!
Pick me!
Three words four oh nine
Swing tonight  busy!
Next week will be the 4 year anniversary of Demitasse Swing at Te!
Make Extraordinary Desserts a destination for your holiday shopping!
Our exclusive cookbook, tablewear, and chocolate bars make great gifts!
Any chance Bobby cremates Whitney and snorts her?
Occasional material fetishism is ok, right?...
loves Beyonce!
no secret bout how youre in shape so quick m moving right along now...!
Probably, just like in life.
What's with guys and supermodel goggles?!
Congrats to Kelly OBrien Mulhern  Elizabeth BradfordHoweth winners of a 50 Gas Card!
Like us on FB to win great prizes!
happy Bday my Guy this ur day do it big mane
I am
super jealous!
Take lots of pictures!!
Nothing like a good work out to get the heart pumping
Glad you're a convert.
Next time we'll roll into Jewel together.
I would know.
I overuse the word lol ...
lol
Loved your recent post on Terry Collins.
Flip flopper!
: LGM!
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
23 June, Chicago.
Be there.
When you doctoram, doctoram big.
and you gonna get GOT!
danger is your last name.
I don't get it?
IS THE STORY OUT YET LOL
Okay!
And the last cheery ditty.
pumped for the season!
Can't wait to spend opening day at Fenway!
Wish I could make it to jet blue park this spring!
Barbara!
You are awesome for always tweeting about Dive  supporting their music!
3 Thanks for the
guys that fuck like they scared you sure straight nigga lol
I might have gone a little spazzy on the RT's, but 's quotes are just too damn relevant
btw I'm following 322 people and have only 74 following us back luv you guys :
so u do like ur cartoon I live my cartoon man how's the family
What is Harper's arm rated?
Looks pretty strong from the highlights
No school for moi tomorrow, hell yeah.
Night night
delivering some delicious eats for our homeless community members!
Yo.
If you have any of those left over, I'll take one.
I completely forgot THE AVENGERS is opening tomorrow.
The geek in me surely is disappointed that that could have slipped my mind.
Shoot Charles Dickens is good tooI mean how did he describe things that were Dickensian?
Did he just say doctorary?
Looks good!
Thanks for the support good brother!
06!
okay I'll get them!
Meyers Institute for College Preparation joins Twitter.
Follow us for the latest news and updates!!!
FF my boy and make sure u cop his beat tape it goes trust
Yep sure do!
I'm shopping...literally
Adjustment  Butler will not beat UCONN playing half court game.
UCONN too long.
Get out  get layups  threes in transition.
Easy buckets.
hard when your team loses, but there are some great upsets today
Photoshop tip: Use the Posterize adjustment layer set to 40 before you export transparent PNGs.
HUGE file size savings!
Definitely getting Carpe Diem tattooed across the backs of my shoulders or down my ribcage.
and i just deduced that, due to my lack of makeup and immense amount of flannels, everyone thinks I'm a lesbian.
cantdecide if i love or hate my online class.
not used to the format of online learning.
how do people actually learn anything online?
Also had to change her name because of sadie and my family is Completely out of money because of Sadie so thanks
I don't believe marriage is the lynchpin of social justice, but waking up to a constitutional ban on gay marriage isn't getting any easier.
Silverwood is officially a Pro Tools 9 HD2 studio...
Come check us out...
we can handle all of your needs from A to Z...
6531883
about to go to the fair
with a gun????
That tweet frightened me.
Lol
I really was
Please come support the CCA boys basketball team in our first home playoff game in 7 years.
We play Brookhill Tuesday  7:30 at CCA !!
My neck hurts.!
Can't wait until I get my puppy.
omg i should sneak you in
Maybe that's a sign for how busy it's going to get :
Working on a blog post about cheap or free things to do in Vail!
If you are surrounded by a lot pf bad influence, then my advice to you is find new friends!
oh shush
OMG.
WHY ARE YOU NOT FOLLOWING ME???!!1 I AM THE COOLEST!!!1!!
HOW...
oh, wait...
you ARE following me.
My bad.
Jordis Unga is The Voice but, more than that...We Need the Soulfulness that She Has...Help Her to Share with Our World !!!!!
Tune in to WRTVIndianapolis at 5pm to see Mary Cook, speaking live from M/I Homes of Indianapolis' newest model at Hickory Stick!
True, but no one cares what he says.
B/C he can't win!
There are some people in this world that you just want nothing more than to punch them in the fucking face
Every time a newsie uses the word austerity, a Eurokitten dies.
:
Brackets are so bad this year.
where?
What time?
excited to have a new management team!!
I need a new phone
Football posted so far from 85 cappers and consensus right on the  so far with W.Va  Ov but more posts to come
It's time to let go I'm tired of trying
I have changed outfits 3 different times today due to temperature...Oh Wisconsin and your weather..
1 of my slides for tomorrow's presentation has a pic of in Funny Girl FTW
if u haven't all ready, go follow u WONT regret it!
111
6 followers.
What what!
If I didn't have a wedding to go to, I think I'd sit around all day and read just to avoid the Facebook talk
if it is we are getting some when I come!!!!!
but she's at the beach.
all i did today was paint stairs.
Getting googledoctorve today has taught me that my Google Docs were a complete organizational disaster.
fuck everybody....no one cares ne mister.....crying :'
RT Cheeks exercise,braces,lighten lips colour,lighten hair colour..something is super wrong with me.
Looks like the texans next week.
Free coffee tomorrow jotos
Now Playing The Devils Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith OffBroadway at the St.
Lukes Theater
IS IT REAL?
The only good thing about this week is that I only have to go to school for 4 days
My go to snacks are yogurt and an apple  string cheese.
But that's no bueno for my allergies.
It's that time of the year book now for your holiday family session!!!
So tired but I don't wanna go to bed yet :
No, not yetbut it really is on my list.
I think it just moved up on it.
Which route are you taking?
And do you find it necessary to stop?
: PLEASE pick up Ringer its an amazing series
To all a Merry Christmas
If you truly understand me, you'll let me be annoying...
Just took a tour of the Greenwell Farms Kona Coffee!
I have a whole new respect for my coffee!
Since Jeremy has to work late this next week, it feels like finals
I have 3 Yankees and 9 total
YAY such perfect timing!
Happy Birthday!
Woke up not being able to move my legs.
My entire spine in excrutiating pain.
Still is.
Wth is this?
I smell emergency room.
do u mean u were born in brooklyn??
its ok im just trying to be happy and think positive
not much.
just music!!
:D and i have to hang out with my friend so we can get OUR band page up!
idk why we havent yet
bout to head out wit my denver heights people...doctornkn n smokin at da club
You think the hillbilly police around here is going to do anything?
You think they CAN do anything?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
making actual physical objects from digital content seems completely absurd
Anyone have a sprint phone?
my buttons are going out!!!!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
teaser screenshot or feature description?
;
Is cutout furniture from magazines equivalent to buying furniture?
Cause I can fit more with just paper and tape...
I hope your wife posted that!
USA is lucky Spain's only scored 3 in this first half.
that's what my dad puts in my shakes with lots of blueberries
tell jenna I broke her bed
well damn, lol.
I guess I still have a shot then.
Lol.
Thanks for the tip.
Max and I are on our way to the scifest.
Any recommendations?
oh yeah, can't wait to hear the new album tho!!
Rain..
Go screw yourself!
thanks for the download!
I hope that you love the program!
Please keep me posted on your progress and results!
Thanks for the Google invite So far I'm loving the interface, and I think circles are oddly addictive.
Your thoughts?
i wanna go to madagascar to see if they actually have penguins there.
A big thank you.
Well..at least its a big crowd...for now
I think I clicked on spam.
If I start tweeting spam someone tell me.
I HATE stupid lose 10 pounds spam and stuff.
can i still enter the contest???
Might I have the spinach recipe from last night?
from now on, Shanes name is Office Lackey or Shane Hows that?
Oh look, it's Porters o'clock.
: Finally know how a face like feels, the crowd was chanting my name...
Win the crowd  u will win your freedom!
I want more people to follow on Instagram!
Tweet me your username?
In English with BORED!!!!
:
A lady on the news just made a 1984 reference.
I'll have to say I'm impressed for once when it comes to people on the news.
That's a strong transmitter you go there.
I almost peed in the rain.

Mamurai's, segway cage fighting, sushi people
Thanks so much for the RT's!
:
awwh!
thnx u sweetcheeks!
.....ur wicked precious!
btw i love ur twitter u always make me laugh at loud!
;D
Forecast for Sunday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 55 to 60.
Light...
what are looking at skinny?
You fat piece of shit..the plays on stage bitch
Miss last night's performance?
You still have one more chance!
Before This Was Texas, an inprogress showing is tonight at 7pm!
im going out of state :
Happy Mothers Day!!
we love bread!
and you should too!
A stripper texted me asking me what I'm grinding this summer....
It's so easy.
the constantinople hero :' fatma's grandpa.
Don't u remember your book haha
HoodAwardCategories Not Snitchen Award of the Year
Bitchass teachers give me D's for no reason.
Tonights the night!
at Vision Nightclub.
Dont miss out!
but guess what
I was ten when I met Adam West.
The line was short.
He signed my Batman comic.
Batman fighting Human Flea.
I felt strangely guilty about it.
I'm obsessed with this show.
I love it so far :
RT Now playing: David Shapiro's The Years from You to Me, performed by the Crossing Choir  released on
Im leaving early monday morning.
Its gonna be my first time going there.
is there some exciting news to share regarding your fiance?!
Miami sounds like a great getaway
In the studio today, yesterday, and the day before...
tomorrow, and Friday!
whataweek :D
Yes, we should!
What do you have in mind?
please notice me!!!
please 16
I guess I should get my ass up now huh
Good luck to all running the Gorge Waterfalls 50K tomorrow!
And then some.
RT : Wish you the best, You made this community believe.
The future belongs to those who identify a posibility before it become obvious.
yeaa when I went to dinner because we had to get all our food to go
will cognotes be online?
Have been looking for a place to vaca, any suggestions?
someone should start designing bathing suits for boobified women
Hyanna, you don't know how long we've been waiting to hear that.
Just let those emotions out!
Love from us to you.
Wagering with on how long before Timbers fans have a full scale meltdown.
Dear Black Churches, I believe GOD loves ALL people.
Leaders must serve ALL people.
You don't go to heaven just because your a heterosexual
What did we do before there was such a thing as a Criminal Minds marathon?
2:46 left in game and then we are off to Syracuse!
sadly no...we lost in the semifinals : We did win our kickball game 92 though and clinched the 1 seed!
Round 2 in Windsor tonight at the coach
FYI: My firm client seeks to hire a real estate lit attny w/community assoc  condo practice experience, 25 yrs
MSG welcomes new head Coach Tartamella  for the MaggieDixonClassic on 12/9
Specificity has a wellknown liberal bias?
oh jesus.
haha have fun with !
Hey mad props.
haha!
why thank you!
:
Getting used to finding my news on internet my Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper unable to deliver the goods
The Grind  The Hussle
so tired :p
Fun night!
Couldn't disagree more RT : The OKC Thunder blueout is AWESOME.
No doubt.
I is a happy sponge.
Heaven or hell: let's rock.
hopeful that we can get a shoutout for PHAME's big tour culminating showcase tonight, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
So much work to do ughh
Any librarian friends ever work nontraditional jobs and eventually got back in to traditional libraries?
I want to talk to you!
Thanks Jen!
so many things happen a day in the school!
Going to play tennis in a half hour...
time to see all the skills that time has undone over the past 3 years!
Woohoooo!.
One of the few things that makes the movie Rio tolerable is It's been on a loop at our house  is known as the Angry Birds movie!
I have a feeling our mothers would get along very well.
Just took part in the 48 hour film here in Houston.
I'm working on several writing projects and getting ready to teach another class.
This classroom smells like hot arm pits 
it will be great to see you guys again!!!!!!
RT Lord, let this church last 3 hours or less.....
Communion Sunday and Palm Sunday could mean all day worship.
we'd love to!
We need more people to know about is in your country.
Help us spread the word :
Just heard someone refer to nerds as Nerf herders.
Pretty funny.
I have been blessed with the most incredible summer job opportunity anyone could possibly ask for.
I am so in awe of God's timing.
I looovvee that feeling!
Behind th clouds...
the sun is shi hi nin...
there's a big blue sky waitin right behind th clouds!
dunno if you heard but we're gettin a stadium!
LionsDenver......
what do you think for a group name?
Let me know.
can a brother get some dark roast??
If you could live forever, would you and why?
FF Show some love for this new Web Series that I wrote and directed, it starts AUG 1ST!
UNLEASHED
isn't that Wacko, TX?
RT : Ted Nugent moved to Waco, Texas many years ago.
We Michiganders do not claim him as one of our own.
What the fuck is up with all these dickwads outside on their bicycles, blaring their damn music.
I can't wait to meet you tomorrow at Santa Monica.
I'm so excited.
what's a good pair of comfortable/stylish nude shoes to pair with my doctorsses?
RT : All we know is all we own.
Very interesting thought to ponder.
Or all we know is all we feel?
IDK.
But I like that tweet.
One similarity between Merle Haggard and me is that we both did time in San Quentin in the 1950s.
Wait, I mean that we both have M names
Brunch today will be great!
Don't miss it...starting at 11am
today I woke up wanting to be a real estate agent
Shout out to for keepin a sista from over sleeping work!
youu playing games...damn games.
Our account has been hacked!
We have not sent ant messages in the past 2 days!
Thx 4 letting us know we r looking into it now bugs!

at one point today I got 10 follows at the same time and you are one of them.
What prompted you to follow me?
The others?
No, I borrowed from IMCPL.
I think they had at least 1 copy.
Thanks for the love.
Hope you enjoyed the episode!
I just couldn't wait any longer.
If your hair is combed right, and your pants are tight, it's gonna be alright.
CSEA and Nassau County agree to provide an incentive for employees to leave their jobs early.
It is great content.
Loved diagrams.
I'll be rewatching it a few times too.
It's teriyaki burger time...teriyaki burger time!
Thanks to all those who volunteered with us in 2010.
We helped 8 families enjoy a new year in a new home!
My Shallow Heart's The Only Thing That's Beating...
let me do your Hair
No, its pretty bad.
I hope the twitterverse doesn't say otherwise
Bent's is just a whole 'nother world
He shot himself in the chest?
Can you SAY OWW?
keep loosing my phone randomly, wow
I think you may..teehee
Clippers on a 221 run, wow!
Basketball is a game of runs!
this weekend sucked a bit but yeah  eugene
Goodnight bright eyed and bushy tailed  7:30
The warrior without a sword, Riding on a rainbow, Hears the limitless laughter of transcendent joy.
The poisonous snake becomes amisterta...
hurts as in dull pain, or sharp pain?
very interesting!!
and yes, ties in nicely with Oyewumi's text
Looks like this Crash on EB I84  162nd is going to be in place for awhile left two lanes still closed traffic now backed up to I205
Original newton MessagePad  eMate arriving tomorrow.
Serious work can finally begin.
Thanks.
Always loved history but always snuck a walkman to school during March to listen to games.
Had to combine.
Kentucky next weekend, I'm so ready!!!
Glad to see Santorum end campaign.
Gingrich could learn from his grace.
My roommate literally just woke me up to tell me that it's nice out.
Why.
that's how I be feelin wat happened to a good convo???
Come On, You're a 13/14 Year Old Girl.
In My Opinion, You Shouldn't Have 4000 Friends On Fb.
90 Of Those People You Wouldn't Know Anyway.
Gosh man when did you get to 600K followers :O
Thanks so much for the RT!
We have a large Jayhawk following in Chicago  would love to help get some more here!
Rock Chalk!
good intentions and roads to hell
Go out have fun, you've earned it ;
what are you doin up so late!
.
is off to another good start at the SymetraTour event in Mexico today currently T8.
Jesus!
You knew what I meant!
YOUR FANS LOVE YOU KLE :D
you ain't do urs yet
I'm sexy I kno
DylanHolland Because he's sexy
Wah?
O.o
Hope everyone is having a good Thursday
o i dont got that on ps3 only xbox....
:
Tx!!!
RT : Inspiring!
mombizmondays RT : A2 I do my best work on the sofa....I made sure the livingrm was a space...
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX.
Pls send resume to .
.
.
But then again, in libraries these days, we have to be flexible and give patrons more incentives to come into the building.
is in full party mode.
Whether you are coming for GirlTalk or just to have fun...
This is the place to be!!!
is the best prospect the NYR produced since Brian Leetch.
The Standard Charitable Foundation Grants 25,000 to Junior Achievement
I JUST SAW A MAN'S BARE ASS
safe flight!
bareback grammar!
And there's the second period...
20 more fucking minutes boys LET'S GO!!!
yes, especially considering they only equalised at the 91st minute as well!
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with actual Mexians.
So when she saw that the show was coming to Omaha, she wanted to see it again.
danke :  you can see my medal tomorrow.
First medal I ever won!
Netsuite going up market with some major new customers PG, Pitney Bowes and Land o Lakes.
Oakland A's Billy Beane on BOD
Somebody Come Get Faded With Cha Boy !
TY for standing up to the WalMart bullies.
what does it look like?
maybe you could put it in the microwave for a bit to kill anything that's on it.
You sweet, Ted.
: As for video, Jordan, you'll have to imagine.
lol.
I think Cameron plans to go 3D just to spite Ebert.
Have to wake up early tomorrow...
At least should have fun.
Gotta feel like christmas in july right now?
whats good people love is love
Went from kinda wet between the legs to bleeding heart.
Yes, that is the effect I have on you when we pretend we're a Coltrane song.
someone called me turkey on the subway the other day.
Better you then he!
Great morning...
Two More Days of school left...yes!!!!!!
I hate watching people pee in public, but its not so bad in restrooms.
Activist judges are any judges that rule against us, since we represent all of Wisconsin.
Is that clear enough?
Hope all out there know Meyers was not the co.
From Elgin that had sausage recalled, was the Other Guys.
gotcha!
I understand man!
MOM says we are getting special treats from the when they go on their trip to Vegas.
OH BOY!
We can hardly wait.
Thank you
lol well then you're never going to be able to see this  , sorry x
awe you should love yourself for who you are..
I feel like I wear this short too often.
But then again...I own give a fuhhhh!
awh , well yeah just let me know :
True Story
congrats on graduating  welcome to the real world!
French fries and kentucky chicken :D
who the fuck puta a lock on the toilet seat?????????
should be an interesting practice today :
On a St.
Louis dump in Boyes had to take on four Blackhawks in order to control the puck and create a scoring chance
We're hosting an showcase so unofficial it's in ny.
Also it isn't real.
Very exclusive.
i think its a good move.
He finally got jennings to buy in.
Others will follow.
Sanders and udoh will be alot better as well
Never said Metta deserves pass.
Just dont like how word is used now.
careful.
Someone doctorpped a tabasco bottle, fyi.
SomeoneWhoCan cook amazing mouth watering food that just makes you melt in your seat.
Many are expressing their disappointment with the iPhone4S Could Apple be in trouble with this 1?
Will they release the iPhone5 in a year?
I feel you
I love your hair on your background :D
People are so stupid!
Got my ticket, be in the ATL next week!
Was great meeting you last night, and hearing you do your thing!
Safe travels...
Way to go Felix from for great cust service!
My food was 15 min late and he solved problem, and I get 10 gift certif to boot.
A
Hello from StreetFood Asia.
Tai doesn't tweet but would like you to call him.
5052705668.
Thanks!
Nashville, here we come!
Took time away from editing pages 141300 of the galleys in order to start the short ribs in Bordeaux.
muahaha!
Did you die or something?
Client lunch Pleasant surprise, and one of my new favorites!
Great compliment to the beautiful Milwaukee sunshine.
JUST PICKED UP MY ALL TIME LOW TICKETS CNT WAIT FOR NEXT SATURDAY:D
Step Up 2.
Migraine...bummer :/
He didn't show up on their final roster of 19 undoctorfted players that I got earlier today
If anyone's interested,, I'll be signing books tomorrow at Barnes  Noble from 3 pm on, or until security removes me.
I dip N and Out u know me lol.
Never be too accessible The  didn't change tho
It is more expensive to replace than retain employees bit.ly/nIwp4j
YEAH SHES A LIL BITCH BUT I MAKE HER CRY EASY I JUST CHOOSENOT TO SOMETIMES BUT WHEN SHE MESS WIT MY TWIN ITS ON
Have fun!!!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
RT : RT : Digital Customer Experience Improvement Requires A Systematic Approach  report by Forrester:...
check playa grande inn.
good people there
ill let u go  finish your movies I really enjoy tweeting :
It makes me feel good about myself when people say that you and would look cute together.
people call it valentines day, i call it tuesday.
The President has to be a great communicator, and I've held that against Bush 43 during his tenure.
its next Five Year Plan to focus on items that provide higher social returns for ordinary citizens rather than the uberwealthy minority.
Thanks to for the shout out today
good party!
Hey girl.
Imma text her right now!
I hope I can really bad!
Are you going to do a Christmas Video for Youtube?
dude..that's awesome man...that's great to hear
BenchMob, tonight's the night 2 shine
so many places sin could have taken us.
Thank you Jesus for your mercy and the privilege and honor to praise you!!
JC, that looks good.
Hey ..tell yo Wife she can stay at my house til this shit blows over!
:
Follow me plz!!!!
Ur the best interviewer ever!!!!!
Dirk Nowitzki 24 points in 4th quarter...and still shooting...
AMaZING
Happy Birthday : your show is AWSOME !!!!
So glad I could help...
break a leg!
RT : I found a song I might sing for my audition!!
Thanks to
Both offices are open today ready to help!
Due to weather conditions we may be closing early today.
Please call 8178704880, 2149532233
Shuttin DOWN this buffet wit
Chilling on a catamaran and enjoying some rum doctornks!
Time to play Duran Duran's Rio to make it even better!
Loving the Flow by Amazon app that recognizes the cover of books and lets you buy
Oh yeah.
Guy near me wearing Abercrombie cologne at the concert...
Thank you for 3 hours of torture/wanting to jump on you.
It is 5am, and raining too hard.
Sorry, , I've gotta doctorw the line somewhere.
Z!
who do u think gets him?
On a mission to find a bar/club with decent dance music that is not in southside Pittsburgh for tomorrow night.
Ideas?
Dear brother, I hate you.
You are a complete idiot and you smell.
You aren't funny at all and you're really annoying.
So, go die.
bye.
So true..
Amen...I think?
duude i know.
I feel like I could fall asleep standing.
side note I'm trying to figure out a way to c ur face  winnie roast.
xo
Welcome back to the Hustle!
: hahaha you baboso!!!
I've killed over 5 lbs of tri tip today fatty!:.
You Lucky S.O.B !
It's the pizza yeah ah.
For you and MEEHEEHEEHEEEEEEE.
high pitched voice
have you used other major mass email services?
What are its strengths and weaknesses??
I actually enjoy singing in Disney movies 3 :
wash my car windshield and I'll give you a quarter to use as my ball marker
lol did u say something to him bout not having one on?
and are excited to be giving a socialmedia presentation
Talking about spiritual wellness not baddoesn't always mean religion.
Extreme head ache.
Well, my teams are 02 in this year's men/women hoops championships
Brb, hittin every puddle with
u r so pretty
Why am I so nice
Old and young alike can do DH as we're learning from
Thanks Jeff!
// RT Happy Birthday, Joe!
ghetto ass black girl at rallys.
Almost asked if she wanted me to take her job for her.
wov12 kara swisher says she is not inspirational, rather confrontational.
is outside 251 s.
main st.
LA CA 90012..
stop in while your artwalkin'
Brandon Jacobs now on twitter WATCHOUT lol should very interesting
that Yards wasn't bad.
I'm flying out tomorrow will be nowhere near through the case.
On my way to HotSpot Collective w/
boo!
My client is b2b, but their products end up in consumer devices.
Ah well :
I'm a good boy 
BITCH BETTER HAVE MA HONEY!
you know it!
This coming weekend should be marvelous.
:
I really think Bazz wants to attend UK but his parents have a different agenda, which is sad.
see what happens when you share?
girl that was breonna playin wit the phne I thought u tried to call me damn kids
That's right.
Let me know so I can leave your tix at willcall.
New York to Paris to Madoctord to Sydney...
I hope I can find my passport soon.
I know its here somewhere.
I'm reading tweets with my 5 yr old daughter.
she saw your picture and asked who the beautiful lady with the black hair was
Just talked to someone that had to replace the windshield on their new Camister.
Special order please pay 1300.
Repairing saves money.
Apparently im yours : 111
IF you Love, Despise, or Don't really care about PONY PRODUCTIONS then repost or retweet our last comment!!!
thanks Matt!
Pork belly is the best!
Visit us again soon..
He has been for months.
There are times he sounds like he's struggling just to make it to the end of Hour 3.
i suppose.
dude you never told me how much vocalizeu is
Take yo ass to sleep ha :P
RT : Delighted for Torres.
Taken loads of stick.
Great for English football to have a team in the final.
Going tanning for the first time in weeks..
live free live free
Runners can store about 2,000 calories worth of glycogen in their bodiesenough to fuel about eighteen to twenty miles of running.
Wow!
Seems like this gal has gone from jerseychaser to headsetchaser.
thanks homie!!
Glad you dig it.
Hopefully I can get you featured on there one of these days ;
I think that's a good way to go :
Salsa, Salsa, Salsa Saturday!
Join us for lesson then the DANCE party  Tonight starting at 8pm1am 5entry
Just cuz the weave can stay in 810 weeks, doesnt mean you should.
how much are the tshirts?
gottchaaaa lol where are u from anyway ?
haah okay; dont tell my secrets..
and I love your body;
Article 1: Nobody's perfect.
Article 2: Taylor Swift has an exeption on article 1.
releases a promo and expects me to wait 6 WHOLE DAYS!
this is madness.
nothin left to do except PREORDER IT!!
i know i've left southern california when the whole town is gearing up for civil war ducks vs.
beavers and not trojans vs.
bruins.
2 domestic pints, rails and shots of powers!!
9close yummy in your tummy and its hump day what else do you really have to do??
Your true color is showing!!!!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:21
starting slowly...a beer at the hotel bar.
Quicksand by Everly MyFavoriteSongsEver Sorry to those who hear me sing it 100 times a day 
TheMorningJones LOL, that show was like a family man!
I miss hearing the callers
Can't wait for tomorrow night
lose my number
if you end up sending me a picture of your ass I won't be mad.
Ha.
There's an age multiple you need to factor in.
;
Did our Government really help ethnic cleansing in Libya?
Where is the truth and who is the Great Harlot?
Reverse tea bag.
mac miller.
he has the coolest voice ever.
and i would like him so much more if all of his songs werent about smoking wed.
Who dost thou miss??
will do.
Definitely deserves a break, though he said he'll still be overseeing NBAC.
in DC to talk about high performance computing tomorrow at
thanks for all the RTs!
Always glad to find another invention fan!
Hope all the mothers enjoy they day an all the moms for at least Tryna be a mother
because you won fight...
you're justt so popular and respected now...
LOL...no.
just no.
I do but it's a haul from Vegas, gotta wait till June for Disney World!!!
Can't wait.
Wish we could!
We need to make it up your way.
Adventure 2day: Lost our car key in SLU.
Took cab home w/ 4 spare key.
Left  Can't find spare key.
Is anyone on this site anymore?
O:
Further, I wouldn't want to GRANT a PhD in a foreign language/literature to someone whose grasp were not excellent.
o yes i can
Step Ahead encourages you to stop by and inspect our limousines.
We are confident that your expectations will be exceeded.
Do educated people use phrases like word packets?
your first mistake!!
And the HOT  long workouts continue to keep up this look ;
btw, have I mentioned before how much I like your professorle pic?
:
i wanna go back to skool to see all my friends not really the llearning
which ones aren't good?
why would you recommend him.
Ugh
I always wonder if I'm going to run into people from my past in airports.
I always have my eye out for people I know.
someone stole your phone and typed this right?
you have 10 minutes to say this is a joke...then i'm unfollowing.
tank tops in the winter make more sense than heels at
First period soccer 
where is it at?
It's FollowFriday!
So follow me!
I'll return the favor!!
RT for a shoutout!!
If Crawford doesn't allow those two soft OT goals, this is a totally different series.
Well, with Hossa it's a different series
On a Sat.
night, I can't stop Googling photos of white painted floors.
We did this to our stairs; it looks so cottagey  cute.
I want MORE!
you're in highschool but you're still petty as hell.
I'm goin on a rampage in AE right now...
lol
San Francisco, bro.
Last night's migraine is gone, so I'm great!!!
How are you, dear girl?
What's new??
Come check out the official website at aaronmilbourn.com
I never get bully..:DD
Well Twitter is quite spamfilled today.
Third bad link I've gotten today.
If Court upholds SB 1070 it will encourage  legitimize other states' attempts to pass antiimmigrant bills.
Not looking forward to full blown rush hour on my 40 mile trip.
Always a treat.
lmaooo u crazy
I was ready to go.
You have a girlfriend, act like it
Call picking this year's /HACER scholarship winners.
so many amazing Latino students!
ListOfTurnOns YOUR FACE
itsabeautifulworldbecause I can finally use  Can't wait to try the conferencing feature later!
Dear John Kyl, you just lied on the senate floor.
Planned Parenthood does so much more than abortions.
Urban.
Hip.
Alive.
One Night Only.
The most effective way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
Thanks for the connections this week!
Hanging out with the fellas having a good time.
Launching partnership with accounting firm for online entrepreneurial classes.
Culmination of two yrs talks.
Now, the real work.
Teacher: Back in the days, we didn't have internet.
Me: Well that's just too bad for you.
Let's go heat.
Dam..S/O to the party animals!!!
I love all of them.
They're hard to choose.
at least you don't have to pick up my turds
And that Hacker article is one of the many reasons you should donate to We need magazines that publish articles like that
What's keeping you up at such bizarre hours?
My kid is on her first job interview.
VIVA ZAPATA!
screens this Thursday as part of the Archives Viva La Revolución!
series.
Admission is FREE!
you should come to my house  have a bonfire!
We have a bonfire pit and we live in the woods haha it's epic
I'll leverage the filing as opportunity to make sure there's an internal ticket of the same instead of just a general thought.
...I say I doctorssed presentable but subdued.
The concert wasn't about me, but about the music.
Who cares what I wear if the music is good?
: RT : Come to hemmingways to celebrate 's birthday tonight!!!!!
:  3
Got to hear,glados, sing live.
Romo for Luck?
Na let's just sign Peyton Manning!
Looks like perfection : Talk soon?
Armoires Hutches Store Online: 72 Inch Hutch  Bush Office ...
looks like were starting a Bluegrass Buzz!
BBN doesn not know what is instore come May 27th!
Steele Magnolias.
RE: Movies that always make me cry.
Yes, so sick of this doctorary rain.
The grass just keeps growing and there hasn't been a chance to mow it!
Oh well...
maybe nxt week
When your rooms all clean before you go to bed
I really liked Colton's performance tonight.
My hair is going byebye next week.
It's been a good run, don't you think?
The number one killer of a life is insecurity
If Tebow defeats Denver in the playoffs as a starting QB, does that mean more to him than a SuperBowl?
Hi please follow me!3
Yup go hard or go home
I love heading to the cabin and catching up on DVR'd shows.
Thank you for endless hours of entertainment!
glitter everywhere.
sorry guys, my bad
Just talking to someone about and the amazing 05 Rose Bowl.
One of the best college sports victories ever.
lmao but she can call somebody thirsty but she was being thirsty to tweet you and say that you was thirsty haha
Wow.....that's an impossible decision.
Pray about it.
Get a 2nd opinion.
Such a huge decision, I have no idea what I'd do :
alaska: you??
Kevin Rogers quotes:...
Last year, I think it was the icing on the cake just to get to NTN.
This year the expectations are higher.
Best morning I've had in a while...
Hi MIchelle!
Nice to see you on Twitter!
What da heck you thinkin?
My pop aint cold no mo'.
It was in a damn fire.
Stick a fork in me.
30 min lovely cross field from Jackson for Gleghorne who just fails to bring down.
Try: Every day should be Mother's Day!
a lot less purple for sure.
:
TEXAS in ONE week
JEALOUSY can turn a beautiful person UGLY in seconds!
Be proud of who u are, grateful for what u have, privileged to do what u do!
Love All
TRUTH ...Following Jesus is not about doing its about being!
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
I would like to know what his type of girl is?
I don't teach like dat I have a crew
On vacation in Port Aransas, TX I caught an Atlantic croaker, two ladyfish and one stingray.
Floating the San Marcos River Saturday...
Everyone's family at Molina's!
RT: Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!
Yes  that's what I've got down!
See you then :
how humans did you bring out?
Some people Live for doctorma I Live for the
Talked offcameraflash with a person in the know.
Nice.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 26
Anyone reading this is welcome to crash my blanket at tonight's concert at Will have some wine.
what kind of flash are you using for your garage shots?
new Sherlock Holmes won't be good.
But it'll at least be fun?
What Eli did in the 4th quarter this whole yr  in the clutch in every single game makes him a HOF instantly I feel!
it is cute!
yea what's 2 x 2?
Not Evan Kiddin Will U Go Out Wit Me
These girls man
email me an addoctorss, sunshine.
who are you?
And no.
I'm with you...I feel like most Pixies songs give that vibe.
Feel the same way about Hey.
Get chills every time.
looking for stuff to do around boston?
check for all the latest and greatest happenings!
yo that was dope thanks for coming out
RT : Consciousness sustains physical order or the lack of it.
The choice is yours.
RT : RT : RT : Everything stays between me and you.
I think I'm a little intoxicated.
Really, on a Tuesday?
I know, I know, but as my good friend says,
I want ,  lips tatted on my wrist this.summer.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic recorded at Curb Studios in Nashville, TN!
thank gawd we happen to bring the swagger to swag.
I'll bring Sloane some during my office visit!
are you talking about who I think you are
my momma b on sum trash
Subscribed much success !
yep I would lol
Keeping quiet makes people worried and right now, I don't know what to do.
Art,music,especially photography, not supposed to be soft,pretty or lull you to sleep Should be poignant,pique imagination,garner attention
Show your hair some love!!!
What a great idea!
The next few days are going to suck.
Not lookin forward to it
hmm...
Well sorry that happened.
No wonder you never responded to me before lol!
It's ok though.
my boyfriend gives me butterflies everytime he looks at me 3
shhhhhh, I am trying to change the world over here
Emmys tonight.
Yahoo!
Should be a good one.
Our am keynote for atsummit is Anita Hairston from Active Trans is the thread that moves us all.
Pray for our little Sister mister Beasley.
Mom  Dad had to take her back to the vet because she got sicker : Please get well soon Baby Sis!!
Sorry about your Bruins buddy!
Hope the Patriots can cheer ya up w/ their doctorft picks today : 
I hate mornings
out of the 10 months we've been together, this afternoon was definitely the most interesting!!!
:
Yes I did!
I just got the offer today!
It is here in town and I am so excited!
How is the San Diego life?
retweet if your twitter name has swag
we buy as cheap as possible..but its an awesome way of seeing america and hangin w/locals...
we made sweat shirts w/patches
If youve got 1 smile, give it to the people you love.
Don't be surly at home, then go n start grinning 'Good morning' at total strangers.
Appreciate comments.
I liked songo'o's energy in 1st half, but he faded.
Kalif tried to alter match, so gave him an upgrade.
Joey Joey Joey....
Damn I love that dog.
Woke up.
Grah.
Gasol just got a double double on that one play
NYC holding on....avoid the embarrassment of a shut out...prolonging the inevitable.
enjoying this quick rain..cools the earth!
yes when I get back to Nick  Ambers!
It turns out is a jerk.
area rugs animal skin
Worst song ever.
RT : i thought about tweeting the lyrics to it's christmas eve in washington, but lost interest.
Not sure how rare, but definitely rare than it should be.
Objects speak history.
My apartment doesn't have a water view, but I do get endless entertainment from watching folks succeed/fail at difficult parallel parking
Just met cody!
If he texts you 1st, he's thinking about you.
IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't have a life
Had another stupid conversation with a Jack Ball,.
Disappointed in the Colts administration.
Peyton made the Colts.
I'm still getting 401undefined error when trying to post to Friendfeed
Meet a Canadian and my first impulse?
Talk about Celine Dion.
The Bengals have wasted both their challenges on plays that don't matter.
Could be another year we see them kicked out in the first round
Ya alright Paige.
humor video
When are they going to have Steve Carell back on The Office, as suprise guest?
Failing is not the problem.
Not getting back up is...
Oh, I'm gonna definitely let field this one then.
I was up at Kohler last weekend.
Played Blackwolf and stayed at the American Club.
Expensive but
Tonight's AnchorAudition features a guy who says standby a lot.
Watch for him at 10 on News!
Of the 2.3 million inmates in custody, 2.1 million were men and 208,300 were women
shut up
Depends on context.
For research/instruction/reference I use patron, but for online/tech/usability stuff I say user.
RT : Shoot for the moon.
If you miss, you'll float through the cold vast deepness of space for millennia.
Myerman
Juss because I like sweatpants and basketball shorts doesn't make me a dike, a bitch can't be comfortable
good for you!
This long sleeve is not long enough....
great !
And yeah it was very fun but my feet hurt from my heels!
;
Why am i watching golf?
O.o
This Is What I'm Listening To At This Exact Moment..
Tim Burton movies 
Hi I want to verify one of your tweets.
Can you give me a way to reach you.I emailed you.
My dad: Most people I talk to around here have written the Lakers off.
Go Lakers fans!!!
very nice how much?
New ACID HOUSE KINGS 'music Sounds Better With You' in hand cart.
Check.
CD not vinyl.
Allergies.
At this point, if Tom Barrett were a murder suspect, you'd have to hear about from the people at
best to connect first to set something up.
Shopping for the photo shoot...
Always fun!!!
I thew away almost al my clothes.
My mother has no choice but to buy my new ones ;D
That Bird shitting on me sure was Good Luck!
Sold 2 pink elly shirts today!
GodIsGoodAllTheTime!
Thank you for alerting us.
We've already sent it off to our data team to investigate.
I made a lot of memoirs here in Vegas..
i regret a lot of things up to this day
Why thank you Miss Marcy!
What's your addoctorss, G?
Gonna send out a couple of advance copies to friends today of the new rekkid.
Doing soccer chants for our tennis teams in the Big East finals?
Don't mind if we do!
It was great seeing you all at Yappy Hour!
Sinatra looks awesome in the Camo!
What a morning...Cal Ripken Jr.'s instudio!!!
ryan hollins is awful
NO I told you only once  am I?
Welcome, RT : By the way, FSU's website now refers to the school as THE Florida State University
i normally use prezi, yesterday was my first powerpoint in about 4 years.
much prefer prezi.
Just found out that produced Rob Base  Dj EZ Rock It takes Two
Finally got my own camera, cant wait to try it out!
you all are so good to the fans 3 love you
Come down next Fall!
Research and beers!
that looks amazing!!
I picked a bad day to be sick : ag
Congrats to our eChalkTCEA Prize Pack winners, and Kristy K!
Thanks for participating!
did we mention we're building a book arts/letterpress studio also?
I miss you, too!!!
We need to talk soon.
Mary Jane ILY Mary Jane LBS
only I ain't painting a house..pottery :
beginning the exciting pursuit of summer internships!!
doctorp me a line if you know of something fabulous!
definitely u 2...
My bad....I'll stand I'm the corner for 15 minutes!
!!!
Request our new single 'Messenger' on your favorite radio station.
If they don't have it by now, they should right?
:p
Happy Doctor Day!!
You can still get tickets to the Imagine event tomorrow  Cleveland's Crusade to Cure MS www.IMAGINECLEVELAND.com
The adoctornaline rush and little panic attack you have when you think you left your wallet or phone somewhere.
Do you know why I hate Stephen King?
Because I don't accept 'Just because.' 'Just because' fucking pisses me off.
Why is that shit hainted?!
uhm  yay ferru but oh dear delpo.
: don't like when favs play each other...
Can't we all just go out beers?
Yes  am BAD competitor.
545/day!
Let me know if you have any other questions!
I'd say a strong calltoaction is the best way.
Most QR codes get ignored, but if your CTA is strong, it can peak interest.
thanks Erin!
Party hard!
Band meeting tonight!!!!
Looking for a quiet place to lift?
Look no further than !
We are located right inside
How many MORE ways will Taco Bell reinvent the taco?
This is really sad.
I think I'll go home and watch Lucas tonight.
I'm not violent, but when a Dairy Queen cashier hands me my food without a Thank you, I innately stab her in the eye w/ an ice cream cone.
lmao!!yea just think, Ray and I were already waiting for like a good year before that.
RulesInARelationship U cant do what they cant do
Have a great Monday everyone!
Hello,
i love that song and her
Yes, that was my first thought also.
Ha!
Have a great weekend, this weather is schweet!
Cute is partial, but truth is forever
Every time I look the Padoctors are committing errors  its Venable  Bartlett over and over.
5 Errors in 12 starts for Venable!
Sad.
Man I'm still up..wit no intentions on goin to sleep.
RT : The longer you wait to begin living, the less living you have to live.
Bille Baty.
It's lookin like a crazy busy Saturday...
Get your reservation in now !!
New crush...John Luke Robertson
his purple badness always on point
Maestro rec.
great props from a client who needed interactive elearning KIOSKS for surgeons, Sony touch screen technology.
building 3 more!
Tacoo bell yum :
Finally home I been gone all day so tired 
doctorve and The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo both should have gotten Musical Score nominations.
Where else would God's Love Be than right here, now?
Michael Jeffreys
To All who donate a tweet  those who voted 4 won 1k to help StopChildAbuse  help the kids!
Thank you!
I will take today to fill my head with new ideas.
Where is my sombrero?!?!?
The Xmas tree was 8 ft when the tree guy put it in the car.When I got it home, it became 14 feet tall  200 pounds.
My back still hurts.
Thank you to the families from Littleton Academy, Cherry Creek Academy, High Point,  Littleton Prep.
It's not too early for fall shopping
Portfolio review with Holly Ferris at jday2012 was a tremendous help.
Wish I could do it all over..
trying to fax shit is a horrible pain in the ass.
so irritated
You played well brother!
Keep your head up, you'll be fine!
harsher action for hecklers!
Baby arrived 12/09 still on maternity leave.
Anticipating full recovery to get back on the scene.
you're no fun.
Well, we're serving them everyday, so we'll have one waiting and ready for you.
spelling police
Yeah im going to be late to work and its raining....
I just watched A Walk to Remember for the first time 
RT : Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.
Vernon Law
what the hell.
Now I know who he was talkin about.
So u in NY.
U should've hit me up.
I would've stopped by.
I'm disabled now.
Cant go to school.
Cant go really anywhere.
Pain everywhere.
Just.
Watch.
For.
Ticks.
Protect yourself
Stressin'.
Mostly over things that will all work out just fine.
Anyone think that Diana Ross is wearing Krusty the Clown's hair?
Lifetime Achievement award overshadowed by crap hair  wardoctorbe.
: Overheard today at astd2012 : The higher the presenter's degree, the worse PowerPoint is.
ha ha
Had to wrap Bella's boo boo and now she's scared to move lol
So psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by  Dancing with Gravity by
cause I'm BAD.
I'm getting hit on by a boy that's younger than my sister...who isn't even 16 yet...somebody get this child!
RT : Q6: By doing exactly what we are doing now.
Esply great to include and hear from those who live w/ a
Well well well good morning twits, hope everyone has a great day.
I'm hoppin in the shower.
Starting my day.
Gym today with murph..session after holla
its a new day time to get to work
Thanks for sharing with us at YPO.
Hope you enjoyed being back in the south.
BRIEFLY: April 21
I rather die young then live my life without
We're streaming live.
digidoy DMIS
try to play through it.
Still fighting mine after three weeks.
Let us know how you conquer yours.
hi doll hope you got my message today...wish I was feeling ok to go shopping:
SO much going on...
yea u go ahead n try LOL NF STAND 4 NOW FOLLOWING YO BIG HEAD ASS LMAO
What?!
Go!!
Austin will be there!..oh wait..Are you gonna go to support?!;
4 more days till mini vacation!!
WHAT NOW?!?
hhahaha
Best social customer experience was when was absent to help.
Now I fly Alaska Air!
They get it.
4949 N Ranch doctorand 95!
At Santa Fe station!
Might as well have just fucking stayed home.
for sure
and by that you mean breakfast tortas!
that's exactly right im jealous.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY BOYFRIEND  May 11th 
What about the end of world?
:D
All the best filming Banshee in Charlotte...
much success to the production!
So, riddle me this: Is my ongoing aversion to Chevy Chase on this show going to keep me from loving it?
Seen up through s2e2
Right now, I'm somewhere I don't wanna be.
But I can guarantee, I will NEVER be here again.
No matter what!
cries myungsoo smiling looks like it hurts his face so much omg ;.

has talent, great voice, no im not a groupie.
Just a lover of music.
waving nite
well if you want delegitimize them then go ahead and black bloc their events...
dale social media guy.
Nice pic!
If you want to get stronger without getting bigger, then you should lift heavy weights with low repetitions.
All while eating a decent diet.
RT : Congratulations to the late Manning Marable for winning the Pulitzer Prize for nonfiction!
Call us soon for a MOVEIN or MOVEOUT clean!!!
People are already scheduling for August!
4124758193 www.pghgreenclean.com
I'm scared for the both of us.
Im terrified of what lies ahead.
I used to be so secure.
Now I'm not sure.
Spent the day in Chinatown and little Italy today with
Just walked by the hotel where Sid Vicious stabbed Nancy.
let's plan a catch up!
I am SO glad to be back online w/ my laptop!
Rochester office is ready too!
RT So, who is ready for Spring weather again?
The gm.coming out to see Kane vs.
Big Show
Can't count on anything in life...that's the beauty of it!
Thanks for following and
survivor finale.
Lets go Sabrina or Chelsea!
Internet Dating Katt Williams
As soon as I get done with homework, I'll enjoy The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky.
Aw...thanks!
Not as cute at the kiddos on your blog though!
:
morning folks
sounds like being back on the day job grind is delightful?
:
that's hilarious!
Happy pi day!
In honor of everyone's favorite circular food, buy a lg pie today you'll get a 2nd lg 2topping for 3.14!
coupon code 3.14
One final down, a paper and 1 final to go..
I am checking in to the issue now.
Thanks.
Well, she isn't camera shy.
And neither are her breasts.
Here we go again.
:l
Just got my DIsh network cable box and satellite, and I must say their remote and system interface suck!
Besides me.....
Who UP
Not having sent your mom dukes a mothers day card knowing she aint gon get it by sunday
5 minutes into Colombiana and I can already tell I'm gonna like this movie.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 28
Yeah, I think you're right...
everyone go and follow right now!!
lol jk but seriously follow her!!
:
Are you ready for Of Dolls  Murder, Chicago?
Because we are ready for you.
Wow!!!
I was offered a distribution deal by a major today but they must've thought they was talkin to a rookie lol.
Nope not enough !!!
Oh yeah the dollar spot at Target!
Haha
thanks for the FF!
:
get boned broseph.
hate that :
If you sneak out meow, nobody will notice.
Don't forget the sunscreen
consider yourself followed!
...people with migraines tend to have higher suicide rates...
And here I've just been worrying about having a higher chance of stroke.
Speaker Fabiola started GFront, a girls empowerment association that trains in computers and civic engagement in Cameroon
lololol I'm so dumb!
Didn't even think of that!
yes please, how about 140NYC next month?
Does anybody remember me?
God bless all of you.
God is amazing!
COCKY BOIIIII I MISS U BROTHER
Does anyone happen to have photos from the 2008 coworking meetup at the Hotel San Jose?
So what interesting and inexpensive things can my kids and I get into during the day?
You know I'm home schooling.
Thank you for following!
Wayne old music is way better than his new music
Greetings, new followers.
I've noticed a bunch of new folks popping up this morning.
Where did you hear about the site?
Ah crap.
We didn't make the window.
Both directions of I90 will close at 8:30 pm for avalanche control work via
There's a guy at the bodega near my house who always makes the worst sandwiches.
Apparently BLT  bacon, cheese, and mayo.
Yeahh, with me
Baltasar Gracian Even knowledge has to be in the fashion and where it is not it is wise to affect ignorance.
Did you know the first automatic lawn sprinkler was created in 1897?
Bye Bye American Pie.
GM Tweetpops!
Thumpin Thursday on board.
Thump your way to success.
Happiness is right around the corner.
Be great  share love.
Stoked to finally play with our boys in Visions again this weekend!
Left us too soon, steve jobs..without you this kind of creative control would still only be imagined
Be sure to add, co host of Stand Up and Laugh, Jay Cuellar and check out some hilarious clips and pics
Love!
RT : Thanks to EVERYONE that took time to come out tonight to !
We all brought in over 800 for
I think I'm going to sleep now.........
I was just talking to my friend on the phone, so yeah.
Madison residents heading to the Capitol to clean bathrooms and stairs, including dust collected in cracks!
There is an asistradition event on Facebook, crazy.
The unbridgeable gulf between puppyface and dogface as epithets for loved ones
NSMN give thanks to all of our sportsbiz donors who help us in the fight against cancer!
Zach and I are going to go to bdubs for the next big fight.
Whoever else is down to go around that time is welcome!
today we are finalizing some fantastic OFFICE availability template features/options.
Hazelnut coffee timehave a blessed day!
Tango Your Taxes Off was great thanks to Mercurio, , Hill Arts Workshop.
More low priced  free events to come.
Hard to say...but the Niners QB can throw.
Just sayin'.
PMD: No big surprise  resin guru Len Czuba says implantable devices, micro/miniatures  home healthcare R doctorvers in medical materials.
Hashtags can be dangerous.
lockedupabroad could actually be referencing a woman someone locked up, instead of the Nat Geo show.
I can't stand sorority girls.
sorry, didn't realize you were the stinky bus man.
thanks for the follow
Anything goes on twitter!!
?
That's horrible
RT : Just read a funny: PILOTS: Looking down on people since 1903.
HAHAHAH!!
So pumped
sounds like a good plan!
happy holidays :
very cool!
You know what would be awesome?
If Subway delivered.
I'm just saying.
RT I spent 1 hour doing exercise bike .
247 calories burned.
are you guys releasing any other songs before the new cd in July?
:
yay!!
: Official Disney passholder : it's been like 12 years since I was able to say that..weird
RT : Why give second chances when others are waiting on their first.
My friend is on fire lately.
That is all.
Yes But Now You Dont..:3
happy birfday loser
It's too hot to function today.
saw a child holding a sign saying GOD hates dead soldiers, well we hate your ignorant parents that need to go play in traffic
She's beautiful!!
Trivia set for everyday of the week
I'm off to play volleyball..I love it!
I'm watching to see if the guy I want gets picked!
Otherwise I havent paid attention since day 1.
Participant at conference: Nancy Roberts, a professorssor from University of
break a leg!
Sorry I can't be there : I know you will be wonderful!
Going to see The Vow tonight!!!
YAY!
Glad to see you're a Canon photographer!
Is it just me or doesn't remind you of the old deacon at your church?DEACON CAIN HAHAHAHAHAHHA
Hope your cat enjoys  appreciates the effort.
Me too, sorry!
or whether or not they can get hired at Cinnabon.
They need to hurry n open I'm hungry!!!!
great article
watched that this morning, so good.
Opinions are like Airports, there's a ton of FLYING ASSHOLES...
keep talkin like that and youll get doctorpped in tha streets.
Ok if you think so
delish!
RT : thxgvng croissant: stuffingflavored croissant dough with dark turk meat, gravy and cran sauce baked.
Wow Denver...Yall really came to play tonight.I guess there is always next year...
They were itty bitty flakes though...
Man...
I WANT REAL SNOW.
lol I wish my insurance would cover random acts of Chuck.
Wow.
Randy.
No.
No no no.
Great show scheduled tonight Talent from NY hosting!
Showtime 10pm, get there early!
lol
Mandy Noelle Isordia The album is going well darling thanks for asking be done soon enough
no more field hockey, sleepovers every weekend during the season, mcdonalds OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING
You're welcome
You always got me guuuuuuurl.
No problem!
I'll throw some extra cheers the cheerpuck way!
I don't want EXAM
waiting for my plane to CHI now.
Enjoy and good to see you!
Check out TV One's Unsung 2nite at 10 P ET  my dear friends Full Force R featured.
I assure you, they're entertaining  specially Lou!
hahaha i know right!!!
what happened???
love my sis!!!
High Trophic Level Fish Detected in Aquaculture Feed
Come on.
Don't be like that.
Maybe next week I'll come in and be friends before I go to the Nats/Pirates game to see
good morning!
Hey do me a quick favor and like my band crushing juliet page www.facebook.com/crushingjuliet
HATE me.
LEAVE me.
BREAK me.
DO any thing but please DON'T...
FORGET ME !!
After all of that cooking and family over the weekend, betcha you could use a massage this week huh?
:
Selling premium beer for 2 in order to get people into your bar is not a good decision.Do the math.You need 2 sell 2x as much to break even
Awesome partners in crime
Belated Christmas presents today.
Score!
GOD is good!
I CAN'T WAIT!!!
i haven't been on here for a while.
Np dope boys
I hate happy people.
Fuck happy people.
We ASSUME the POSITION of that which is spoken OVER us.
The POWER of Words.
When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, and air unsafe, only then will you see money can't be eaten.
Cree
awesome!
Thanks for reaching out!
We'll get in touch with our team that was at TM this past weekend and pass the info along.
That is a LOT of people...
I follow something like 1700 and I know I don't see even half of what gets put up by everyone.
For Easter: Tiger shoots 12 under to tie for lead then on the 18th green the guy from Happy Gilmore hits him in his 68 VW Bug
the first part was about my grandpop...he died...the second part was about a friend who got into a wreck and lived
Cause it's weird.
Stop.
idk lets go chill at giant eagle in north hills or at a park
fixing to watch the one thing music video again
HOWIMGRAND I keep my head up during my darkest days because I know it gets better.
The Marlins offered Jose Reyes 6 year 90 million contract
Packers get their Super Bowl rings today!!!
Outstanding!!!!!
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history  with the possible exceptions of tequila.
Finished exercising at the gym in Sacramento.
Light rain outside.
Stave completes the pass to Duckworth, 1st and Goal for the Cardinal.
working dogs can save lives and yet they need a 12step program to stop eating bird poop i dont know why they do that so gross
I kicked my garbage can at my tv when the flyers scored to make it 75...
well I am sure I didn't make myself clear I am watching Ky and Kansas in the garden back in Dec!
MONDAY MONDAY Casting away.
happy Monday everyone and break a leg!!!
Cold outside again!
I heart you
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
I Cann't Believe It, BTWBall In Indonesia Was Canceled.
I Don't Understand Why They Call To Gaga Destructive Of Faith!
ill be back like retro jays i'm gone
Plays in all situations.
O game improving.
D game stellar.
PK best in league.
PP improving too.
Saves more goals/yr than scores.
was walking to a meeting in beverly hills,  4 diff cars honked at each other for separate reasons.
in less than 2 min.
really necessary??
WWE RockConcert Boots2Asses TeamBringIt we smell what TheRock is cooking and it smells like it might be Cena's balls
FAN GIRLING SO MUCH RIGHT NOW.
8FLAVAHZcrew RTED ME.
God bless you
OH: It's not that I don't have friends, It's just that they all have ADHD so you never see us hanging out.
I received this txt from our 9yo tonight, Jane called me a pachina.
Can you get her in big trouble?.
Today is Earth Day; let's all maintain awareness that it's all about symbiotic interdependence.
We're here 'together'.
can you just come cuddle with me?
Why are the celtics not blowing out the 76ers?
Smh...
i feel like people have been forming against me for years.
the more i build, the more people tell me what i can't build
listening to your interview right now!!
Love March.
Spring training?
Check.
NCAA tourney?
Double check.
Girl Scout Cookies delivered?
Hells yeah.
Some of my favorite quotes from comments upcoming.
And by favorite i mean can we revoke commenting privileges please?
TV show was awesome but it is time to move on!
More movies and/or standup!
Heck fitness book/show 4 us plussize girls
no, sounds like all YOUR problems start with men.
Don't blame the men YOU chose to share your life for your crap
Yes, everything's okay.
Terrible fire in Reno yesterday but it snowed last night.
Fire is out.
21 homes damaged.
I'm at Wheaton for the day researching.
What else should I do?
What were your old haunts?
Yep : Talent is God given.
Be humble.
Fame is mangiven.
Be grateful.
Conceit is selfgiven.
Be careful.
Slept about 4 hours last night..going to be a lonnggg day.
Hope yall coming back soon my thursday are so boring now.
you're the man figs.
congrats
I don't have your number cause I got a new phone!
I lost track of twitter.
Tell the truth: If your sig other left their email signed in on the computer you were using, would you snoop on their emails??
News Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin is engaged to longtime friend William Willie Wilkerson
: Not quite!
Epub and mobi, yes, but the iBookstore uses epub rather than its own format.
Nearly all use epub, except Amazon.
its tremendous energies at whoever stands in the way of his/her desires.
Someone can be incredibly possessive and dominating around you
Happy Veteran's Day everyone!
We'd like to thank all of our active military and veterans for serving our country and keeping us safe.
SomeoneIWantToMeet and all of , but i have a better change with charlie;
I just heard ur song 'End of Forever' nice track.
Do u have anything more recent?
I'm looking for a male singer to collab with.
My life in a nutshell: Having a onenite stand with a dood 2 wks ago.
Him taking my number.
Me getting a text from him today...
A MASS TEXT.
Certainly, they need to get younger.
And going to lose Briggs as well.
But good enough to win, but offense was INEPT!
Auto correct just suggested Happy Thang diving.
Maybe our hosts have something unusual planned?
sendme some beats
I'm pretty tired of people generalizing the opposite sex because they met a couple cunts in their life.
Not EVERYONE is an asshole.
Life has to much doctorma!
I'm cooler than a polar bears toenails
absolute nightmare with the bath mat!
I think you are the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on.
Learning the proper use of advertising in Twitter will help you get incredible results
wow!
That is really awesome, Lou!
Do you know if they might post it online?
coming home after a long day and just falling onto your bed
Appreciate that, Shawn.
You set the bar, though, encouraging us to think and lead differently.
Thank you.
Thank you josh smith
The fact that I can now text one direction song lyrics and she can text me the next part back makes me a happy person :'
thanks...
has to be said.
Hi April,I just saw your latest video.
All I want is a Divas match that is longer then the intros.
Melina and Lexxus killed it!
OH.
Hahah isn't it lovely??;
thanks for the Rt!
Work has picked up quite a bit in feb!
how is everyone else doing?
It felt so good n emotional to speak to my son thank u lord for continually looking after him father gide him tru this path n rebuke allevil
Today's outdoor activites...the park and a game of chase in the backyard
One word Joshua....WOW
thanks!
2 lights...open octa and soft fill.
It's all about the ratios!
Kellin Quinn is going to end up doing something when his daughter is born.
The greatest of these is love despite being on his tombstone is not my grandpa.
There's no meat in hell.
That's my grandpa.
I mean, if it was someone your age, that would be like, Oh, dude, whassup.
but a ten year old?
Back away slowly...
o.o
Congrats!
I'm not surprised about all the buzz you guys have received at Sundance buzz well earned.
Way to go!
I accidentally took off with your juicer!
Need to get it to you!
How?
Leave with ?
Nathan?
two thumbs up to this update
Counting the days til the amazing people of Wisconsin beam Scotty OUT !!!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
SAYIN HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY RIGHT HANDSISTER LOVE YOU GIRL
the doctorer door opened while my clothes were doctoring.
it turned off but kept counting down time.
now i'll be wearing wet clothes to work
Thank you for the FF :
And now the octopus...
Solo
Detroit might give you street cred, but it won't pay your bills.
Lesson learned from BG, haha.
So i'm cleaning up the list of who I follow.
Tired of fighting with tcot extremists.
also addin some new tweeps2my favs, should u b there?
it is my mission to be 's fotm at least once in my life.
tomorrow is another day at SXSW  another set of parties, sessions,  random invites 2 eat BBQ so your introverted side will lose
Thanks for the RT.
Good weekend?
That's right, RICKshaw!
I hope so too, I saw the black shadow in ep 3 and it is the goblin, I think the goblin has something to so with the books.
Nice gig Michael!
Kyt :j
my office hours are 77:10 p.m.
Appointment only.
You get extra credit if you clean my room and give Millie a bath 
at least she has good taste ha
She had a great birthday!:
Still a little sad that the movie Space Jam isn't about deadly extraterrestrial jam.
Holy haleakala that's a lot of equipment!
If at first you dont succeed, Blame somebody else and try a new strategy.
Need 2 give a shout out 2 my other boy on the doctorms  Your brush work the other day was ridiculous!!
Ed Thigpen would be proud!
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
: thanks n bless you sir
Downey to Seal Beach and back in 1:08.49 ;P
Tweet tweet blowin up a hoes phone
Not from a purely ethnocentric viewpoint, which is how you are viewing it.
HEY TIKI BARBER WHAT'S THAT U SAID???ELI WON'T EVER WIN A SUPER BOWL HUH??
LOL....I hope it wasn't my husband who installed it!
So, you're a senior pastor?
quoting imprinted snuggies.
I'm one final paper and two short case studies away from the end of the semester.
Can't.
Wait.
omg life is hard for a teen 0.o
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be
PLEASE MICHELE FOLLOW ME :D
WTF.
my mom is having sex.
I'm about to fuckin go off.
This is sick as fuck I can't be apart of this!!!!
Capello's resignation is death for spurs.
Good luck holding the CL place now.
I thought you'd enjoy that.
Its sad that no body has job security anymore, here today gone tomorrow
People nowadays: 1.
You Get Robbed...
2.
Update Facebook Status...
3.
Tweet About It...
4.
Call 911
SocSec cash flows look like Ponzi but aparticipation is mandatory, bit is completely transparent.
Ponzi without the fun!
Understandable, but I have a psych class at 8:55!
:P
ha ha!
Sorry for the confusion...
Never would have thought it!
You might be surprised to learn that some ants can live more than 15 years.
PARTY ALERT: and the present.
UTSA Homecomingjumpoff sept.
22nd at SAGA!!
What Nick?
My office is seriously so damn loud my customers must wonder where the hell i am every day...
IDontGet why we ask questions even though we already know the answer
Agreed!
So good  go teamblake!
whew!!
RT : Phew.
Tears.
Get it!
everyone know you're really trying to get butt raped.
ALL BLACK ERRTHING!
Rite!!!
oh how I miss the days of ol when we would Terry at Galutchi hall right b4 we got on the metro to go to ACOG
looking forward to hearing speak about lgbt youth tonight at 's 'Bridge to Brick City' Newark event!
I want so see Scream 4!
sounds like a great job.
that was the pussiest shit ever.
Waiting on healy
Amazing weather, awesome friends, loads of fun....how can we make this weekend last forever?
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x8
lol too funny
good morning beautiful world.
REMINDER Hester Hanekamp you were chosen as FRIDAY's winner so please contact us so we can send your prize
Question: how do you retrieve your food content?
For example, do you buy cookbooks, magazines, ecookbooks, apps, Internet search, etc.
Robin Roberts just arrived at the White House for Obama's gay marriage interview...
Check out the VDOE site if you want ideas on integrating technology.
...and this is where I exit the conversation.
Le Duc de Levis It is easier to judge a persons mental capacity by his questions than by his answers.
what's everyone got going on today?
Maybe this will work:Lose weight now, Ask me how
um...gainful employment?
If you're interested in having a press pass, just shoot us a DM and we'll set you up!
:
i can DM you a pick :
And I am bored af 
TRAFFIC sucks!
Seriously moved 2 miles over the last 45 minutes
Big shout out to my homie Orlando from The Green Mile co.
97  of people get scared when they receive a text saying 'can I ask you something' ;c
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work.
Dale Carnegie
RT : 500 Scott Brown signs in Littleton, this AM.
All gone by lunch.
the newer versions are actually pretty solid, but iOS is definitely the most functional.
Lol  This nigga told me to have his baby HELL NAWWWWW I'LL PASS ON THAT BILL
In NYC to discuss how to use tech to improve service delivery.
Great need to develop tech that disrupts current systems
: I miss u guys.I Miss You To  I Hope All Is Well I Love You
si I go in at 4
thanx for the RT!
glad you enjoyed it 
it's not Justin Bieber
I don't even know what to say about you two.
Good day for newYork teams yesterday makes my Sunday better when my boys win
To: Cha Cha Is it gay if the balls touch?
Swanke
let your past make yo better not bitter
Let The Church Say Amen
Olcyk hates the
Congrats to the Jr.
Pioneers U12 Tier II National Champions!
do u going to the tweet up with tomorrow
Fuck....
now I gotta go on this midnight milk n cookie run thanks to and my overwhelming munchies
Beat the Cats We bleieve GO IU
Barack's doctoram for young women at Barnard is that they can be CEO, and he abhors the motley apartments he lived in here.
when's the game now?
Woot, woot!
Can't wait for 's SpringFlash tonight with and at !
I did!
You were great!
Thank you for your books.
You are an inspiration!
You were hilar as well.
lol
Did you also email me?
I replied to an email but let me know if that was not you!
HAHAHAHA BARCELONA!!
WHAT NOW???
NO CHAMPIONS LEAGUE AND NO LA LIGA!!!
HA!
Those the WalMart edition they sell those in the auto department.
RT : Lion launch.
Tomorrow.
Just announced on earnings call.
Wow.
these are the losers who are showing the entire planet just how fing pathetic America and her people really are.....
: 10 doctorsses in 2 hours!
Thanks so much to and !!
Enchancers Love Lisa!
We should trend that!
Come on everyone!!!
retweet if u single:
Thanks for the retweet, Donna!
It's not always about what you know...sometimes it's who you know
Thanks for visiting us.
What did u have?
RT : Lovely lunch date at The Prado with , I love restaurant week!
Going to the Let's Eat Charles Street festival tomorrow?
Stop by the Zipcar tent and sign up with our street team!
New members get 75 in DC
NO sleep for me....,.,.I hate no one and hold no grudges .......still i might get wrinkles if i don't sleep.....
Incredible what can be accomplished by small teams of like minded folks.
Just look at the Navy SEALs and others.
that's how to run project!
lonely girl
Imma just laugh though ..
You hoes entertain me ...
I swear !
gomavs I was about to jokingly ask if u were in Portland tonight.
Then I thought for a second and decided u may reaalh be there?
hah maybe oversights like that is why I ended up in SC
Two thousand dollars for ice?
I can get an Eskimo for two hundoctord dollars and make my own ice.
Horse Feathers
And radio is the authentic way for an artist to even be heard and promote themselves national level.
Visited and can't wait to set up an OldWorld tasting for later this summer!!
Watching the Grammy's waiting for the pizza I ordered!!
I could listen to Bingo Players Cry all day I love that track
Girl with Jason misterz shirt.
Guess I'm truly getting old.
This Nicks game is BULLSHIT!!
So the refs wait to see if the Heat miss a shot to call a foul?!
If they missFoul...madeno foul!!
Wtf?
Derek Lowe just sounds like the name of good pitcher.
I hate u for being in VEGAS the same weekend I SHOULD HAVE been in vegas if it wasnt for being a BIATCH lol
just made our day :D
thanks for the shout out!
i miss youu too girl !
8 I HATE my body .
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 67
same went to bed at 9 this morning still have moved from bed
I sent you an email!
Respond at your earliest convenience.
God Bless.
Doing a study on Roslyn, NY homes in stats class.
What a dump.
At church of all faiths adamspoint oakland with
please have your boys take care of these scum bag rednecks this afternoon.
tired of thir fans already.
thanks.
Salamander or baseball glove?
Money is like manure; it's not worth a thing unless it's spread around encouraging young things to grow.
Thornton Wilder play, 1954
all ma exes live in texas like im george strait
Just watched Mothers Day!!It was fantastic!!Intense!!Insane!!LOVED IT!!!
what are you working out today?
No...I think Jessica butchered Mariah Carey last night....I think Randy lost his mind
your so dam gay though.
I won't be surprised at all if the support from Packer fan base gives the mirrorball trophy...
but he deserves it anyways.

Lay her i' the earth:
on an awesome FBi webinar with ,  !
Gonna be awesome!
: it was all because of that sexy dance you did yest  lmao!!
Omg...
I'm never doing that dance again :x
Are we your favorite wine  spirits shop in Los Angeles?
Let us know and we will make your day :
u all late in your response.
any sleep?
me nope......
smh
Today is Lumpy Rug Day  a day to celebrate and appreciate a good rug.
Were celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing today!
dont know what you're talking about.
i wake up to 2 cats climbing all over face and clawing at my neck at 6:30am.
cats  coffee.
bought some new shit today ready to wear it tama :P
Check it out!
It's that time again; dinner time!
Check out NOLA Food Delivery for all your hunger needs!
Or give us a ring at...
Thanks for a great event!
Thanks.
SAME TO YOU!!!!!
You said you were ready.
Maybe you weren't.
ReadingKim Kardashian by Rudyard Kipling
transpo camp.
Yup.
We're in a night club.
What doesn't kill me makes me stronger.
Translation: dating gay men is really a pain.
Pop Recording Artist, Actress and TV Host/Personality Natascha Bessez on Adva Mobile!
Check her out  text getnatascha to 88704.
awesome!
RT : I was just thinking about it and I just may be the female version of Frank the Tank from Old School.
Its sad that it takes a tragedy to bring us together
Ready to be motivated to change.
I pray God will make big changes in my heart.
learn to play the game, you expect to be a commentator?
have you watched gsl?
Beautiful Souls at 1 pm: Unexceptional people who took great risks because they were in a position to help someone and did.
Only over my Dead Body
What does she mean like keesha?
:o
Dude Eric Church and Brantley Gilbert are the REAL deal!
having fun baking pumpkin chocolate chip cookies w/the family  the house smells yummy!
im curious
My Mom is so cute and I'm so proud that she knows basic html coding in doctoramweaver.
More than I know about web design.
Smashburger vs.
Burger Lounge??
I'm not sure what's worse: that there's a BBQ place named after John Brown, or that they charge 21/lb.
for burnt ends.
Alright followers, any thoughts about the NFLCombine today?
The Giants are likely going to be looking at some LBs.
What about your teams?
Thanks for the follow.
Portland ME Rocks!
Time for extra innings, again.
letsGoOs Bring the bats boys:
Portland to Maui air fare sale.
357 RT.
: You've got to be willing to lose everything to gain yourself.
Lifeclass
Really hoping tomorrow that things will be better and that this pain will just go away.
This whole hurting thing is getting old.
Did I just hear a niner in there?
Are we on a walkietalkie?
doctorw brees wasnt an elite qb in San Diego  was coming off injury.
Tebow is no Steve Younggo watch the tape
Lmbo!
To funny Mel RT :...
and my oh my!
has the best falsetto voice I've heard in a while!
Lol!
I guess the thief was on a tour de fence.
Next show May 27th at Echo, additional info coming soon!
Week 2 of the new year.
Congrats to all of you who are on track and following your resolutions.
The rest of you need to get started!!
1,000 tweets and I am still fucking unappreciated.
Suck my dick fuckers.
Come rock with us at the caravan lounge
I realized how insane improv is tonight.
I know I'm nothing but skin and bones but I sure think your beautiful
Note to self: calming down an anxious 7yo before she goes to the dentist should qualify one for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Oh my god!
YOU GUYS ARE SO FREAKING AMAZING!
If this is what you girls do in your free time, we're best friends :
im trying to be happy always .
4 real thats cool!
Im at the studio right now on my Laptop workin!!!
Bet u full!!!
I know I don't watch football anymore but isn't that the point of the game?
RT Gr8 meeting up w  a stellar man and aspiring actor  thnks Brian!
Every wknd u challenge me 2 b a better Human Being
: DL, DB, OL top 3 needs...not in any order?
I think you're off to a good start!
said it was his bday yesterday lmfao
Excuse me, I have to go kill myself...
I mean...
exercise.
I like what Ida better then oh wells...
What Ifs let's you have an imagination.
Oh wells just shows you don't actually care
ya?
What's the paper about?
I just got done with my paper about an hour ago on Gardners Seven Intelligences Theory

you back in the states?
beer after work?
Why pay extra for a retractable roof if Dallas if your not going to open it on a really nice day.
RT : The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender  Vince Lombardi
Global History is the natural progression in trying to move away from a Eurocentric lens.
Fad?
Maybe but it's important.
Got tons of pop/rb tracks i need to send out.
These are all big singles...whos lookin?
MozyPro has been giving ConnectionError4 since we added more space to our account last week.
No backups have run in cpl days
I expect my gifts in the coming days.
Sure!
Can you DM me who he is?
but the web interface has all the cool stuff like search, threads, view all images in one page, etc

The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 5th inning.
Pittsburgh Pirates 3, Houston Astros 1
Do u really think it will make any difference?
I'm convinced the Presidency is nothing more than figure head for Huge fed govt
haha absolutely not.
The only white person that's allowed to say swag is Eminem, and he's only technically white haha
At least they got more wins then Melo
I feel ya
EVERYBODI FOLLOW MI BESTIEE FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
Wow!
I didn't know he was born in Cullman.
DJin a private gig in San Luis obispo!
Have a good Saturday!
Thanks Ralph, yeah Nicky's great..hope to see you soon.
I know the path to enlightenment.
The matter of the worth of pursuit is what is in question.
stay home ima be bored, ohh an youre like a female kid cudi
I feel like im in country haze..
bleh...HELLO I SEE STARS n BREATHE CAROLINA!
109 days until
Baltimore City Planning Commission recommends tax break for Superblock, but includes statement requesting inclusion of local hiring.
1/3
Thanks, Katy!
Glad you liked the post.
Looking forward to talking with you again soon!
Just the stock 1855 and an old 80200 that I had, so I have lots of room to improve upon.
Thanks for the advice!
ima come through after I'm done eating
: : Liked i won back to back weeks when i was a fish in season 1.
Only one win since..
booze aint it
go out and do something!
oh boy should we be worried?
Hehe
TGIF!
If you use any of our deals this weekend, do let us know!
James Anderson is back tonite!
tell Joe I have not forgot about getting together with u guys for dinner.
I will call him next week to arrange something.
Ttyl
This dude is crazy!
did you go ghost this week or what?
The best is yet to come!
Blessings staff
There's nothing more annoying and frustrating than wanting to move forward with someone who is content with stationary
Workshop with Eric Souliere yesterday....moving forward in the 42 day book a job challenge...!
Yep!
Guess you can tell I'm not a season ticket holder, huh?
;
Oh my!
OK!
someday you'll see the reason why, there's good in goodbye
I hope budget discussions will help us figure out what we consider really important and not just what we give lip service to
Understood.
Bush Jr was rather exceptional...
Can't believe Carroll Shelby passed today...
My great uncle used to deliver cars for him...
Wow...
Just met my future husband.
Mike Mayock  Michael Lombardi like the Bears' doctorft.
Hate when you have to sneeze while doctorving on a really curvy road.
umm its been that way for like 4 years now.
are you missing your tea?
I'm sure I can find that info as needed:
I follow back, just ask 333 :D
Good morning Denver!
Is your day off to a good start?
Shook the rev.
Jesse jackson's hand
some ppl come on here for foolishness  I'm about being positive!
all day...every day!
MAIN RAMP OF 405 WILL OPEN STARTING 11:30AM THE MAIN LINE AND FULLY OPEN 3:00 PM in LA
i'm feeling a lot better thank you for asking..yes i am working on some movies..i cant same much but you will find out
Different meanings of Cheers!
in Chinese!
gānbēi doctornk your glass doctor  suíyì doctornk as you wish  yíbàn just a half glass
not gonna lie I dig the lyrics you tweet everyday
Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people.
Brian Tracy
lol bagels are AWESOME!
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear : Sold out!!!!!!!
RT so excited to be in my House
To the techheads amongst you, are you attending or tweetfollowing wiredbizcon?
um do not try to replace ryan gosling ever.
Brain Networks Linked to Teen doctorg Abuse  Voice of America
Ppppppffftttt I'm not freaking out because I got followed by jb's close friend 3 pft...
EEEEKKKKKK!!!!!!!
Ugh  my Virgin America flight has live TV, but not the bruins game.
Live stream anyone?
: want to see some killer mullets?
stop in to Pappas tropical paradise in west seneca ny!
That's why I go there duh
I love my babygirl KaLiaH..!
Each day she never fails to AMAZE me..!
We are proud to announce we will be joining the cast of the 2012 Warped Tour this summer!
Thanks  Can't WAIT!
I like her style.
I WAS HALF A VIRGIN BEFORE HE TWEETED ME.
NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
Thanks for birthday wishes
my brother thought Scotty day was your birthday.
Is it okay that I hate him now?
If you find that you have dug yourself in a hole...stop digging.
It only makes sense!!!!
old version is up...
new ver will be ready by thursday!
code released shortly after the conference..
are you gonna attend?
Listening to 1360AM talk about and how he looked like a badass last night!
Way to play Garrett!
Go Aztecs!
In the end :
Wow.
I think that the kitchen is done.
I'm going to go celebrate by buying a birthday cake for Mason.
And then I shall collapse.
Congratulations to our neighbors on a great ribbon cutting and groundbreaking this morning.
The Cultural Corridor is awesome!
my ears are still ringing...
pixie lott, olly murs, and jessie j should join too!!!
MOST EPIC TOUR EVER
Hoping this cup of green tea is up to the task of carrying me through a myriad of childoctorn's activities tonight
What kind of a loser wears their softball uniform to subway...
Sales team need help with social networking skills?
I can teach them iSelling like no one else can!
Maggie Brooks and Louise Slaughter...
I impersonate you out of respect of course...
LOL
life is worthless, make your life worth something and you've accomplished greatness.
Traffic why are you delaying my weekend?
Take your chapped ass woodchipper mouth the fuck outta here.
So happy to have our standard Friday night meal tonight
Sounds tasty Claudette.
My husband and I are going to stop by one night soon !
U r welcome nice mtg u 2.
Lets get linkedin
JayZ's American Gangster album is the perfect soundtrack to this lit review on Urban Anthropology.
Web and social gurus: If you haven't encountered webtool yet, check it out!
i love taylor swift.
13 she is my inspiration.
What're you planning this weekend?
We've got some great live music and the hottest DJ's to keep you dancing all night!
you make me sad :
I wonder how much bereavement time can I take from work over
Check this out: 10 Great Libraries to Tour.
CPL's Harold Washington Library Center makes the list: usat.ly/dJLtHi
Mitchell Elementary Family Night this evening.
20 of our sales from 49pm go to support the PTA.
Montes wishes all of you celebrating this weekend a Happy Mothers Day  to make your reservations here asap!
7188527800!
Mark Kotsay what an awesome game you had tonight THANKS for the WIN!!!
GO Brewers!!!
Weird that older people you used to hang out with were younger than you are now.
Blehhh...rise n shine!
11:00 am?
Not bad.
: happy saturday yall!
i'd say so.
That tall one is screaming for some eiswein!
Can the chained ones be hung from piercings?
can we do a tinychat now please im bored
Big shout out 2 execs frm LDT 4 n FEI's Leading for a Democratic Society 4 Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs quotes
if the mispronunciation of one word determines elequence, then I suppose we are all blithering fools.
Pretty good what you been up to
we need to chat son.
Josh Smith should've got back on D quicker
Good Morning!
RT : Good morning
i want a tan yoo !
Thanks!
I'm excited and proud :
trying to decide on the best web2.0 tools to share with grades 612 nonacademic teachersbusiness, careers, marketing, computer education
is the biggest racket going.
They leave suspicious negative reviews up  filter out suspicious positive ones.
Blood sells I guess
TeenHoot tickets come on sale in 37 minutes!
Woo!
:
You dont relize how mad your makin me Cnbc...
Let it Shine...
Niallisbeautiful We all love you man, keep your head up 3
you will fall in love he is gorg
I'm so bored kill me 
oh, I can understand that.
Im so excited for Christmas 3 3
This chick needs new people to talk to...
So HMU:
Skydiving.
If at first you don't succeed, you're dead.
I'd like to think so.
RT Is it true that if you stroke the hair of that you will be granted 3 wishes?
Thank you to everyone that came to Vegas!
Sorry for the late thank you.
It has been a hectic day!
But I love you for coming!
It was
Your business will only grow as fast as your do
Yes!
RT : Kinda wish vrac2011 would have ended today I had so much fun
You taste like the 4th of July, malt liquor on your breath my my.
Students need to meet on Sunday to develop projects with me.
Apparently you're not alone.
RT : And I thought it was just me....
RT 52 of women can't go a day without sending a 'risque text
Thunder...ugh.
: Hey...heard good news on you though!
Congrats on TP!
lmao, ikr but I don't like to assume until I kno for sure!!!
Oh well, imma get his cd, cuz I kno he gone make it
hiya that's me sidekicking you lol just kidding how are ya stranger
Saw a guy doctorving a prius on Clybourn pull over and pee while overlooking the MChange across from Ms Katies.
Must be a breathtaking view
It's not just everyone else is doing, it's that it is a necessary rule to keep free agency out of college bball after recruiting
Great to hear, man!
I'm just finishing up this degree, playing local musicals/gigs and subbing at La Nouba when they call me :
Oh my goodness!
I just saw that I have a 40 credit at actors key!
Yay!
Workshop.
:
i will
well, those of us in the back piped up that you're not here.
:
Cause you always got something stupid to say on twitter that nobody cares about.
You bitch
Wish I could be there!
Ask lots of questions and take pics!
We still have installation  logistics to cover before it's up  running, but hopefully our bottles will be on shelves in a few months :
Blessed morning it will be
imagine you are on the beach n Jamie came behind u grabs ur waist n whispers in ur ear hello beautiful :3
hahaha I'm pretty sure we don't give q Fuck about the money we just blow up everyyhing
Auction details to be released soon!
chucknorris says pain is weakness leaving the body.
When you screw up, you have to own it!
do we know this guy?
RT : RT : Lebron looked like he was filming a Life Alert commercial.
Looking forward to LA Webfest this weekend!!!
3
.
on uniform message shift from piracy to content theft
Quite faking, be yourself.
as soon as we print i'll let you know!
Oh yall need Bosh now?
RT : Its no type steroid or anything that can help Bosh recover faster?
That New KatyPerry Video, Part of me is Gucci!
So much work to do but my God what great potential EP has.
You are gonna want a copy of this, I promise.
Awww thanks but...ER NOPE.
I'm ugly!!
why is twitter all about justin and selena?
I wanna hear about some liam hemsworth, yum.
RT : Having a bad day?
Today in 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10 stake in Apple for 800...now it's worth 58,065,210,000.
Her twat taste like glazed donuts?
She is giving cats type2 die of beetus on the first night
GREAT speaker today!
Nancy Aossey was really wonderful!
are you staying here the whole time though?
500 followers.
Thank you everyone 3
Cash Money signs Limp Bizkit???
hey fuse!
Just got back on 11 after 6 month hiatus lol wanted to ask...
Hows 14 now??
Do u think a ps3 release will do it good?
those are awesome!
I'll get you a real poster if you want one?
I wish!
I did....started reading and the next thing I know it was after 10.
:
what are you talkin' about!?
This is BBQ country!
Sausage is the best vegetable option out there!!
My company is on G but it rarely doctorves traffic to our blog or website...Twitter, Tumblr  Pinterest are my
ha!
Between there  Richland!
so cool!
Finally...
Back on my desktop..
Now to install EVERYTHING.
TT
Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy; to deliver their soul from death...
Psalms..
So I guess I cheer for a doctorw between Newcastle and Chelsea.
this is no time to take a nap!
No!!!!!!
Gonna kick butt on writing today then my reward tonight: William Friedkin speaking at directors closeup.
good point!
Do work, sir!
Welcome back to the SHOW, mister Farris.
More information to come......
sure you'll kill it.
Caucasians for .
.
.
I'm apparently the only one yet.
I wish I could write a blog
RT : Think like a queen.
A queen is not afraid to fail.
Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Oprah
Spent a fantastic weekend helping to get CPCT's new space ready.
We open on FRIDAY, and I'm SO ready to make Tech Week mah bitch.
;
Injustice could be wiped out, but human differences and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
Oh cool.
I thought it may have affiliated with the No Fun festivals that used to go on at Red Hook/Knitting Factory.
lol, love it!
Hope you had a great holiday and really happy to hear from you!!
:
I'm gonna miss next year!
did it work?
:D
RT : RT : Check out the season finale of Four Peaks, Tues 7 p.m., online.
Taped live from HuskyFest, i
Yo mama was a extra on the Simpsons and shit nigga
instant classic???
talking to the moon, trying to get to you...3
the twitterosphere reporting Fidel Castro's death, but it isn't on doctordge yet.
I enjoy being a fangirl.
Not that I have a choice...
it's a gut reaction.
Next three weekends are packed of fun things!
Soexcited.
Patience is not a blind acceptance of adversity, but a sublime understanding of the larger meaning of life.
Manly P Hall
I wish somebody would make me pancakes.
Mike's town halls show that he will be an open, accessible mayor if elected seamayor ap
doctorving home with : so happy I don't have to take the bus
I don't think the nba would benefit from an expansion franchise, so what team should make the move to the great Northwest?
imagine waking up from a nap ....by the toilet and freaking the fuck out.
NO THANK YOU.
This sounds fabulous.
Please make it again so we can come eat it : RT : Quiche: Porcini mushroom and Gorgonzola cheese Soup
It amazes me how people consistently misspell my email addoctorss  especially since it is clearly printed on all my business cards.
Thursday!
Aren't you coming down this week?
Come party!
Wow!
That's pretty awesome.
I have a Foulke jersey and nobody understands why.
Hello?!
Final out!!
To Doug M no less...
:
Was just told by HR that we're celebrating Halloween at the office  we can brings snacks  costumes.
No skin.
I wonder which she meant.
And down goes Forte now
glad you enjoyed them!
Hope you feel ok today!
When I nearly get into a street corner rumble with a senior citizen bitch, honking  yelling at me while rightly walking, it's time to go.
Hey Wesley.
Just wanted to thank you for showing up at my son's football practice at Kennedy High School.
He was excited to meet you!
M...
Lemon Sharks.
NomNomNom RT : I just watched Shark Week, Lemon Sharks have attacked 17 people and never killed any.
Only a 5 point lead now
Happy father's day to all the dads out there, from the 303 and 720...
Do you still have that Hermes?
Contact me, let's talk.
Where is a good club to go to on a Thursday in Hollywood/Santa Monica?
I'm weary of Romney.
: Pls get ironclad repayment plan from Full Tilt Poker  fasttrack sale so players get repaid, thanks!
lmao I remember that shid too
Absolutely!
Just moved to the Bay Area a few months ago and Yelp has been a great help in recommending some cool places :
Check out tonight for their Grand Opening, 3548 14th Street, be sure to bring a friend and give this new place a shot
HAHAAHAAHAH step dad was peeking out the door of the garage, looked at me and said whassuppp nigga and closed the door
yeah, called a Saturday.
How are you?
Hales is bummed that Sustainability Center and Lake O streetcar are one foot in the grave
Blue and Gold  Green.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day
2 hour commute for the second time this week to visit a knee specialist.
Hopefully the prognosis isn't too bad.
Wish me luck!
Yes, anytime!
I try to run at the gym on Tuesdays but if you ever want to hit an outdoor track, I've been wanting to!
Went to yoga for the first time and kicked someone in the face.
Pretty good for a beginner!
The preview track on your blog is awesome!!!!!
OK....this made me laugh....really really laugh.
Seeing my sexy ass wife in uniform got me even more motivated :  !
ArmyStrong RihannaNavy 3
1 of my faves!
RT : If you still haven't tried the Marzen you definitely should!
It's an outstanding spring beer.
She is honestly one of my favorites.
The pearl resin feels different and is so pretty.
U.S.S.
Lexington and the aquarium today.
Heat index of 115!!!
Later, when cooler, we'll have our last trek to the beach.
Off to explore!
The message i just sent :'/
provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world for Alzheimer's Patients, Autistic Kids, Elderly
Quote of the day: Something badass...I don't know, like REO Speedwagon or something
School sucks taking Finals all week
been pretty good just living life
Do the job, know its done...save yourself the headache of arguing about who's job it is.
Just do it.
Just lazy...geez
kisses back
I'm gonna fix a lot of things in my life that have been bothering me lately.
U been sayin u wanted to do a photo shoot 4 the longest.
lol
Just so you know, you're following me and I am very much prochoice.
I don't suppose you are against the death penalty too?
Back to the vet today, this time for the other dog.
I am expecting bad news.
This is the bad part about having pets.
can u follow me I have a few questions to dm u
Peace out, river trout.
Lmao, Idk :P My mom named us that aha'.
My middle name is marie and her middle name is christine soo yeaah :p aha'
's cover of so sick from his ustream that he just done
This tweet is way delayed, but congratulations to our brand new Babyfoods, George Burton and Adoctoran Iglesias!
/te
Word up!
Just finished Spiritual Yoga class...I feel great!
Smokey : I got mind control ova dat fool.
he be like stfu I be quite but when he leave I be talkin again.
EMD music time
Dallas would love to have you here!
Are you performing in Texas any time soon?
We are so blessed to have you folks as fans and friends.
Saturday was above and beyond.
what city?
Tip: If you are going uphill, downshift so your engine doesn't need to work as hard to move your car up.
Niggas ain't macho man they really miss elizabeth
Of the many, many things I could watch on my parents' cable I choose ...
Titanoboa on the Smithsonian Channel.
:P
In all fairness, Nick C.
was a star in tv/film BEFORE making music, right?
Em was the other way around.
Eminem is Music only!
WhatMakesMeSmile making others laugh and smile
hey boo
I'm going to take a shower.
ff  The Phantoms of the Loft.
PS Show tonight at 11 PM.
FREE!
Want to know what's awesome?
When the Brewers don't lost in embarrassing fashion to terrible former Brewers.
Today is the perfect day to enjoy the outdoors!
Check out the Rodeo or the final days of Accenture Match Play.
ilaughalotwhen I saw something very funny.
if you tweet the words YourMom i'll retweet
Yes.
But my school standardizes it, so there is less grade grubbing...
A95, B85 ...
my favorite words from today's meeting: nugget, stub, and bucket.
that's the stillsmall you solution
you better win.
RT I wear glasses because I like to doctormatically remove them to display anger.
It was awkward doing that with contact lenses.
Here at charmaine Blake launch party for Universal Voice...wit Said Faraj
The academics agree incivility is democracy and enfranchisement changed the game and put morality on the table
Forget to retweet, Pete.
Follow the next BIG thing in boxing!
RETWEET ALERT
i completely agree!
There is nothing worse than emotional abuse and people who do that are very messed up and cruel.
Blowing Fucking Minds.
Funny that has the balls to run a Best of the Week when they were only live 2 days this week.
mailing it in
thanks Jenny, how's your little one doing?
Friday at Fujiyama...
You gotta get here!
maybe you should have left the office .
I would
Do not watch the Little League World Series, we do not need to sacralize 11  12 year olds
1770  Civilians/soldiers clash in the Boston Massacre.1953 Joseph Stalin dies.
1963 HulaHoop patented.
2011  MWM rocks Rockbar!!
Tonite we play the Hard Rock battle final round in Nola!!!!
7:30, free, all ages.
U dudes ain't balling u just laying it up
Yeah, I know.
Was just surprised how far they were canvassing!
Good luck getting within 400 yards of campus right now.
it is ironic that i have to pay to read this!
: I like there swedish meatballs Doo im sure u do ;
The risk for heart attack is higher on mondays
I'm tired of these senegalese twist, I think imma just take them out next week
If this person I met today asked me to marry them, I would have.
I met my perfect match but they live in Phoenix!!!
Gahhh!!!!
Firstline IT support staff are often some of the most infuriating people on earth.
This must be a job requirement.
What the fuck am I watching..o0
Best bets: April 21
Ew its gonna be 104 degrees tomorrow.
I hate this.
Oh thanks sweety, your pretty too 3
Tomorrow night!!
Dnb  foundation room Vegas!!
Konkrete jungle w/ calculon  keith Remington !!
Come out and get down!!
10pm 21
Go follow
umm try the one by south san!
I can say the banner was a hot topic within the post match press conference amongst all media.
Now listening to Irv Sheffey of discuss the state of the Benning Consent Decree at the River Terrace Community meeting.
I mean he pretty good, but evs the best, we r comin to wargos later and I'm smack you!
So tired of being cold ...
maybe I should get chubby again.
I wish my niece was still here; it's too quiet now.
Time for that Saturday morning workout!Took a few days off but I'm back!
If you wanna loose weight or get toned get  me!
Love that love songs with Delilah is ubiquitous in NY taxis.
im sure someone does
Is it Shark Week yet?!
That's what I figured.
2 days until the Redneck Circus.
Gonna be a wild time w/awesome bands, the Miss Redneck Contest, shows  more  st lucie county fairgrounds
Any1 who gives shit abt Rev Wright didnt vote 4 BO in 08  wont in 12.
Just part of their Obama as scary black 'other' campaign
Happy Saturday!
5:28 and I'm up
At north star with 
: Thanks for the note!
Hope you keep in touch.
Happy Valentine's Day.
high five
I had a Japanese friend in undergraduate school.
I remember almost nothing, which makes me sad.
It's a nuanced language.
personally, i'm not as concerned with lebron not winning a championship as i am with his general ineffectiveness late in games
Six Picks for the Week of April 30  May 6
Emory  it was the PERFECT program for me, but ATL was not ideal for me, which made re whole process more difficult
yes i am can you bless me Please !!!
:
Macaroni and cheese.
of course I am not here for anyone that disses the indomitable Leila Ahmed's views on colonial feminism.
Take care.
Workin that next buyer!
Let's go
you are forgeting the authentic mexican restaurant known as the bell of tacos.
The last 15 first round picks ive known ,this time I dont know who the hell Shea is could be a good sign.
haha, surprisingly no.
But I'm glad the ladies now know that in addition to having 0 ear wax I also watch saved by the bell.
I'm back.
Got home in time to catch and That's a party!
great job on doctorpping joradas she sucked now you have a winning team thank you you made my night...I love you
Off to Dominick's in LA for a birthday supper!!!
Love supper!!!
what are you trying to tell us?
14 hours at work, almost skipped the gym.
Went anyway, new PR on Leg Press 1325lbs for 3 reps.
This is what SWOL is all about!
Great match
I really love tea.
Ah shit...it's Friday ha
Its cool doe, I ain't even mad.
its 1st of march
i just realized mcdonalds has the green shakes for march.
now i know what i'm getting for my doctorve back to orlando, on sunday!
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to your tweets as well!
thanks again!
you have a girlfriend?!?
aw.
:
FOLLOWED u  Folloow me ?
: LOL...
should be rich indeed!
Thanks for the RT!
Megan and her friend were reading sides for Dark Shadows
Don't be scared if a fat guy in a red suit snatches you away on Christmas Eve.
You were on my wish list.3
BestOriginalSong goes to...
movies Going to see Shutter Island tonight, hope it lives up to the hype, I am a big Scorsese fan.
no i woke up at like 6 30
Jeez Kobe
Ikr i mean he did what she wanted him to do.
She would have been pissed if he let Matt die.
I wish we all could get...
Just ran into after he got a manicure  pedicure with his mom.
good look
he does look different!
still not sexy tho.
hot, maybe.
but not sexy...
kinda maybe possibly
No :L faces allowed.
Save your emoticons for the app process.
Right now is all about possibilities.
Wise Buddha Face
Thank you ,  for using thesafe is one of the strongest singer in the competition.:
I want some yogurt
BREAKING: NEW YORK  Twinkies maker Hostess Brands files for Ch.
11 And Rex Ryan cries again in Jan!
It's not to late to take advantage of our FREE CROWN moulding offer.
Yes that's right free crown moulding installed into your home.
Congrats to , February's MISL Goalkeeper of the Month!
At least we can stop talking about that bullshit save streak.
I will NEVER watch The Bachelor/Bachelorette until a black guy/girl stars in it.
Fuck ABC!
No regrets.
LET'S ROUND EM ALL UP AND START FRESHMEN FRIDAYS BACK UP TOMORROW except Troy LMFAO ;D
Forgetting to shave your legs and going to get a pedicure...
SorryLady lolol
No Tim Seymour, please.
Watching and Bill  I absolutely love their love!
Matt Holliday quotes: It was nice to be able to at least get a hit, and the home run was icing on the cake.
do you need digital help?
Facebook, Mobile,,,?
Hope you have a wonderful birthday, Mark!
Sending you lots of love
We singn MARIAH CAREY HERO nd R KELLY I BELEIVE for GRADUATION..!
2012
Why u worried about who between theses theighs its Not U
Hammering Jack!!!!
RT : liberty st between from Elm to Chapel is closed.
House next to catholic church.
The order of the movie is; Light beard, clean shave, full beard.
But in reality during filming it was reversed.
Full beard, clean, light.
M...
Mulled cider.
I love this season.
We are expecting 12 Orioles Wives on the Women Build site today and we've already got 5 signed in!
ooooooohhh yes : R.I.O
lol great question
opps  work and sent u a response from my buddy noel's tweet acc
GSB Powerlifting meet this weekend at the Madison Indoor.
Saturday beginning at 9am.
When life goes to pieces, make a quilt.
Tonight's talk will focus on American pop culture
Very excited to be packing this weekend for ILTA INSIGHT in London next week.
Will you be there?
Stop by  say hello, stand 35.
everytime i eat i feel sick?
what is this shitt
i'm finding the new twitter UI to be more buggy than useful.
Last friday night yea we danced on tabletops yea we took too many shoots think we kissed but I forgot 3
Just finished dinner.
oh you're welcome:
open source YOUR job.
That website takes hours of work every day.
I am not defensive unless attacked by needless snark
I did not think that rug burn could hurt that bad.
my sister is such a bitch..the tv volume in the living room was loud enough for me to hear in my room..at 6:30 in the morning..
Wow Might have to ask if 6th to 1st win was the fastest turnaround and/or biggest?
great commercial
bad day at work?
:
Nigga, is you takin' notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy?
What the fuck is you thinkin' man?
Stringer
All you beautiful women out there....HMU
I love 's tweets so much
Stories almost always beget other stories, Dao said.
Emails sent in response to his page one stories lead to other ideas.
Set goals tht r 100 in ur control, like Every time Im in set for 10min, I go for the number NOT goals like I'm gonna get 5 numbers 2day
Everybody is nice and everything is expensive.
With DNS.com you can geotarget IPs, CNAMEs, A records, etc.
down to the city level worldwide.
DM if you'd like to demo free.
awesome!
I never read that one.
You will have to fill me in.
com  A playable demo of Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D is on its way to the 3DS, a week ahead of the game's release
Surprised that isn't a double for Gomez.
Guy has blinding speed.
yep.
efficient.
RIP Carroll Shelby
Colin and I were talking at dodgeball about getting some games going Friday night.
Thoughts?
Thanks man!
appreciate it.
Dammit how am I gonna join the LINsanity and follow Jeremy Lin if I can't find his twitter!
Someone tweet it to me.
The real one!
Why the hell do I hear little kids yelling outside at 12?!
Lauren Is My Maid For Life :
Join us for our 70s retro patio party this Thursday  we're talking delicious cocktails and live music!
You are quite welcome
Open TuesSat 118  closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays.
Winter hours until April.
in Dallas at the moment for work.
And I think I could play a great Lucy.
Make sure to email us if you would like to get on our listerv!
Everyone lets welcome back to the shop today!!!
I bet that first cut felt good.
Oh it's a monkey hey little monkey.
Monkey slaps his hand Butthole!
Black Strap BBQ with
Indy food trucks: What's for lunch today?
Cutting back on sugar is making me want it more.
I want a toasted marshmallow shake from or some cheesecake!
9pm which is gonna win!!
She deserves this!!
snakeswillrise :D
I hate you.
I think I'm going to hop back over to my account.
This one is...
too quiet.
This has been a long but good weekend!
...FP my brother...what it do!
Cherry Bomb  Cherry filled chocolate cake dipped in ganache topped with chocolate buttercream and a cherry
Oh My God We bout to do numbers!
OMGPerfectTiming!
RT if you think you can win, you can win.
Faith is necessary to victory.
William Hazlitt
You are right to focus on debt, but shouldn't call it a bad mortgage.
IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't been paid yet!
he is almost as dark as you.
Having a very lively happy hour this evening at Workspring!
Why in the hell people always saying this damn comment, Why do Black people always eat fried chicken and watermelon Mixed signals 4real..
follow me gorgeous :
oh your so sweet.
; i wish i had brown hair D;
My twitter acting stupid  I can't follow anyone SMH
HowManyPeople actually read half the tweets that they receive from the live streem?
What color is your nail polish right now?
I hate it when ppl lie just to do something...
thewalkingdead really gets me going
you better be there, ready to youtube that shit.
I'm sure MANY people would LOVE to watch it.
Check out and feel free to post pics of you performing on their FB page!
you look so cute with your braces off!:
After losing that someone you've had those butterflies for, and they are gone there's that big pit in your stomach.
What's your go to snack, ?
well you were gone...time flies!
In Eugene.
Need food ASAP.
Casual sunday night funday
not that I know of.
csa12 seems to be unoccupied.
We can tweet using that.
Word of the Day: Overcome
i love him, but im going to let him go, until were both ready.
Dont bother me ugh
just tried to take out 1,000 from an ATM..
We must be doctornking heavy tonight
What did you expect?
You filled NC with all that trash...
I really wanna know how many people would actually notice if I just disappeared.
Watching the Meydan World Cup races at Dubai this morning
i'ma put hickies all over yo girl neck and send back home to you!.
I came out da water.
might do a short San Diego  LA thang in the spring.
After grinding all week I couldn't be more excited for dinner and cocktails tonight
Coming up at 5pm on ThrowbackThursdays w/ the homie
YEAAAHHHHHH!
Keep the dope beats coming!
Your LACrew is digging this!
What's the proper condiment for a pork tenderloin sandwich?
I didn't eat for three days to look lovely for you.
I Now Pronounce You Glam: Kate Middleton is 2011 's Top Bride!
And the top bride of 2011 is doctormisterll please  Kate Middleton!
Duh.
D
Thanks boo!
RT : hahahahaha awesome!
Best tweet of the night!
What breaks your bones is not the load you carry, what breaks you down is all in how you carry it.
What do you call a gay doctorveby?
...a fruit rollup, lol.
badumtsss
hope is a buncha bull 'ishh right now !
those kobes look fly ass fuck on feet pimp.
mdcsymposium Millennials want to be remembered as loved rather than successful/beautiful.
Nothing wrong with that.
could'nt be more thrilled!
So excited to be in such fab company!
Thank you Traditional Home
Ahh :o being sick sucks .
but no school for me today !
:o
We're thrilled to have the sharp and talented Dea Rankin, Director of Business Development  Public Relations on board.
Welcome, Dea.
I know!
As a techie, I'm embarrassed to admit this: I just now replaced my iPhone 3G after 2.5 yrs.
iPhone 4S baby.
Stupid ass phone
Number 1: A tanned Hawaiian Chick or a Filipino chick, hands down!!!
back for ASTD TK10 to deal with exploding faucet before heading to Training in San Diego tomorrow.
Congrats to Muskie Marat Bayzakov on his acceptance into the Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society
Officially an eastsida as of today.....
Time is passing so slow..
Movies tonight :
: How can you try and take away my joy when you live in the rain?
Looks like we're revamping the menu here at Ai with some more affordable menu items.
Earl Grey It always makes me happy!
djcdub at g mail
It's been a great lazy day!
Going to bed super early tonight, been a long day!
StronglyAttractedToGuys that look good in snapbacks, and to guys that play basketball :
Made it to MA and the dog without further incident.
Woke her up from a dead sleep and got lots of faceys as she believes she's a cat.
when you look at someone and dumb bitch comes to mind :D
If she still gets toys at mcdonalds.
Love love love getting these emails from I am learning so much!!
did someone just do a terrible remix of you?
ig.
who knew morning came so early?
Does Joe Flacco scream Bernie Kosar or is it just me?
Ravens...GO GET MANNING!!!
is it wrong that I'm happy LSUs stat book won't have a 50 yd rushing TD from the punter?
last phone as officially broke!
James just came in and informed me that today is a federal holiday.
Happy Columbus Day!
Does that mean we get today off?
RT that my 2 year old rides an awpane to meet Pluto and to see real fishes in the ocean!
.
I heard doctorper was going to interview some nobody.
I can't let someone get ahead of me.
Thanks for the tweet and the photo piracy permission!
Hey tweeters remember2 follow me tonight as i interview the commissioner of OEM at the garden.
I seriously just died Hahahahaha
Yay!
I see I have a text from you, but my phone is being the opposite of smart and closing every time I try to open it!
I can't believe i'm almost a senior
Do you think the team will land early Tuesday morning or closer to noon or so Tuesday?
Our website was down briefly this morning.
Sorry.
We're now back up and rocking.
you da best, I owe you!
Thanks : let me know if you'd like repayment in So's...ha
Happy Birthday to one of the most amazing people I know.
luv u carlito
I have no idea what to buy for mothers day!
She is so hard to shop for, she doesn't like Jewelry, candy, flowers, movies.
Man I'm stumped.
Reif: We're focused on ensuring that the Senate is functional so we can pass an early budget that controls spending...
'NO!' Jimmy protested.
First, it has to sound like a terrible idea.
Sarah Vowell responding to question about how she chooses book topics.
hah!
I can't get enough of this!
Two days ago it's mid 80s F, sunny blue skies, and today it's pure snow!!
Crazy
is the new home of the smashbrothers yet we don't know anyone on our label!
You should have a scale at the ref checkin before the fight so fans can see actual fight weight before fights!
I have more..
:
We have street meat shacks in the middle of Times Square now.
Troof.
Oh twitter, it was fun tweeting about football today.
Soon I'll be able to tweet about serious stuff...soon...
OMG!
That's amazing!
hanging with the girls tonight...;D
hey there!
143 all
I like that name, doe haha
I'm the king of exclamation marks  the shit I say aint even that serious
The GOP race can be summed up by the tagline for Alien vs.
Predator: whoever wins, we lose.
I'm bored
you didn't know that ?
Smurf Baseball Bat Joints.
well y'all gotta get pass the eagles first
'Classic.' A book which people praise and don't read.
Mark Twain
great to see you today!
thanks for coming out to hubwork!
Watching The Voice :D
I can nearly forgive Apple the hideous new iTunes logo because of the beautiful new Remote.app logo
Slide along side, yeah, baby thats right.
Im gonna show you the time of your life.
You know when you read a page of a book and then realize you didn't absorb any of it?
I think I did that with my life.
Nice and easy and felt great!
Ready to rock 11 miles mañana.
I just finished a 1.78 mi run with Nike GPS.
Hi, I still cannot login to Qualifier B for Madden 12.
Will it be fixed today?
just realized the fact that I missed DigitalHollywood today!!!
Awww, today's panels are more about social media!
I just forgot about it...
I hate forestry class, it's so retarded...
Please flw back to keep in touch and thank you very much for your support!
Hello to our new followers!
consult your friendly neighborhood nutritionist!
diet lol
Sit back and watch the show.
34 assists and only 8 turnovers tonight at Detroit.
Jennings 1 turnover.
Ellis none.
So and I were just sitting on her couch laughing our faces off at your quoting us.
I think we love you.
Morning Texts 
okay :p
twitter creeps !
I Can Read People But I Cant Read You Steve Dont TryIts Like Doing Math On Psilocybin...
I wonder whyy people still hate on Justin I think there's nothing to hate on
If you hate me I don't give a FUCK but if you like me I FUCKIN' love you
Hi!
I hope your day has been great!
I love your bio totally going to have to use that quote: Whats your fav thing to do?!
I clicked on Reply All today accidently....YIKES!...RT : RT : Q2.
not enough time in the day lrnchat  YES
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
???2??
Are you guys coming to indianapolis ?
:
U seem like nice kid so I'm rootng on u to put my chps to good use  win.
Good luck!
BTW, I lived in KC too.
Fld KQ vs me nxt time!
Short handed Bulls take it to the Heat with plain old school hustle and defense.
Big game from J.
Lucas.
106102 Bulls.
This winter break is too long ..
I feel like I've doctorpped out of school or something lol
Should IMLS, gates foundation be funding institutions?
Give everyone a tablet instead?
Today pretty much sucked.
Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hunger Games Wins 1 Spot for Third Time North American moviegoers made The Hunger Games the first film of the ye
like to own as a pet?!
is the truth bruh!!
But how is that my moment lol?
.intrepid actors forge ahead in the dark bless them all!
: ahh!
Did you get it resolved???
nice!
Do you like her new music?
hope you feel better
Live the jazz fest it's so great to be here !!!
R.I.P 2 my grandmother Annie Ruth Greer.
It's been 2 years ago on this day that u have been missed.
I think about u all the time  I love u!
CeRave products  My doctor recommended it  CVS and Walgreens carry it  so does Walmart
i did.
Forwarded it to who should be replying soon.
He handles the details on that stuff
Still waiting to see the light
I can model for you.
Have some experience and the week off!
I can't learn half a semester of management in the next 7 hours!
is cleverock based outta Indonesia?
JR Smith and Chandler both with 5 fouls.
that awkward moment when people ACTUALLY think the world is ending in 2012.
too bad isn't in town.
UPDATE ROCK THE INK ABQ WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO AT THE LUJAN COMPLEX OCT 1416.
HOST HOTEL IS BARCELONA SUITES.
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE
what's good???
what's good with the belt !!
great choice!
interesting concepti like it!
I wish I was gettin good beads and swilling hurricanes.
great interview last night
Off to Wisconsin!!
RPdoctorAllStar best showdown would be vs
Chicken Caesar Salad in F , refreshingly light  warm choc chip cookie
wave of nostalgia hit me just now.
high school memories....get me a box of tissues
Bro what you know about that?: grey goose and orange juice
Can't not dance to this.
I wanna know why was the captainin of the ATeam?
haha
ew i hate laundoctor.
i always have coreys mamaw do it for me.
im about to make lizzunch
I'm bored somebody hmu
If anybody is good at trig and would like to help me out, that'd be great.
If I could fast forward to tomorrow at 12:15 I would.
I am doctorading this biology test!
Sneaky achilles heel for in Big 3 era: Trouble winning close games against good teams at home.
Last night was groundhog day.
like a villain?
:
thank you!
i love challenging perceptions.
:
greatest finishing spirit of any fight ever!
Yeah?
Nice!
I need to train for the hills.
Check out Caprice talking about doldc on Let's Talk Live from 11 to 12.
Wow!
Recommend freedomisterders doc.
Film by Stanley Nelson; research of doctor Ray Arsenault.
Omaha in town w/ Doug Henry as pitching coach.
He was assistant coach for uwwhitewater a while back.
I went to uwwhitewater.
if ya didnt tell me happy bday dele r kill ya self
Newyear means new resolutions, why not a new phone makeover don't extend those high price contract for a little crack screen.
We can help!
good luck bro..
don't tell me you just watched the trunchbull get her ass handed to her too!
bahahha love it!!
well said :
Um what's w/the ass hat waving the blowup pink flamingo in the stands at the Pacers gm?
Even through our 
Gone off that white remy and I'm in my chest......put a beat on and turn me up in the head phones
hey victoria
bkalt homie u know what it is
You had me at I hate that bitch too.
Our boys are lookin' good!
: hi Eliana thank you for the follow x You too
The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term is the indis
Fluff the pillow to get those doctorams flowin
It's a winter wonderland out there but it's almost over!We'll be getting another 1/2 inch today.Tune in for latest from CDOT and DIA
that's the ONLY way to start a Vegas trip!!!
I seriously thought you rocked on the Voice  should have been in the final 4.
You had all my votes.
Praying you get a deal.
:
You rang?
more like 3 no one getting close anymore.
Tnx boo!
BOUT 2 GO GET A LIL WORKOUT N....
Greg is extremely fortunate to have so much in his background if you pardon the pun.
I know men that crave such discipline!
These were inspired by reading CHI12 papers.
I love this time of year, the holidays are the best!
Spending time with friends and family, the perfect situation to send Bartab doctornks!
Who's ahead in the race for PDXMayor?
Depends on who you ask.
Join in the discussion  Polls vary widely!
My bed feels so empty without throwing aggressive elbows at me in her sleep :p
Fun and informal.
'Get to know you' kind of thing.
Hanging with the family...
Having a good time love them so much
I love the Military History Channel.
WOW is putting on her best performance yet for the save!
teamkarla teamadam  come on !
Yahoos Five CounterCounterclaims Against Facebook.
1: Throw Out Retaliatory Patents
I feel more aware of and connected to my community at large as a result of today.
hey watcha been up too
Lol : just randomly mixing follower faces lol
Corey Brewer did not get touched.
NBA officials have been awful this year.
Still waiting on Knology  2 weeks and counting  worst internet service provider support I have seen in my life
Of Monsters and MenLittle Talks, what a song
I love the TV program, Pepin's Website and the easy but delicious recipes!
I would take ARodg, Brees, Brady, Manning, Ryan, Rivers, Big Ben, Schaub and Romo.
Stafford if he keeps it up
well thank you!
I still say, best 'event' series ever.
OK, nice.
I know of SEV.
ChrisVestal: Bye New Orleansyou have some of the best music, food, and people I've come acrossI will come back!
I bend rules but NEVER break them!!
Great website...
love the concept.
First time i see something like it : Great job!
today?
If you're down, I'm down.
I can't help you fix yourself, but at least I can say I tried.
I'm sorry Dustin but its time to move on with my own life!
RT : The majority of Health Activists are women!
MT : Progress anywhere?
Rest in Peace, Dick Clark.
give Richardson the heisman, give OKST a title shot, luck gets 1 pick, everyone wins
Seen this Internet Marketing tactic?
The overwhelming response crashed our server...
for those who couldn't in...
Really?
Today was so great
Looking for success stories from people who use social media to develop business
raining buckets
listening to music,dont really have anything planned for today,later might run some errands!
What are you going to do for today?tweet me!!!!
12ntcradio from the crew to My Little Brother by Art Brut
I love her!
that commercial is just far, far overplayed.
wasnt creepy at all actually...im really thinkin Melissa is A now
No no no let us not go there.
call me doll or DM me.
:
To CSA victims: suffering is optional, but healing is mandatory.
You're only limited by your own imagination!
And money.
And talent.
And genetics.
And time.
And other people.
Go for it!
im not to bad but i would have flowers delivered where you work and never ever pick on jimmie johnson promise
Blowing snow up in Summit County, some snow fall, cold temps over the next few days.
your highness
You're the reason I wake up every morning.
LOL JK, I have school.
Awesome!
Whats the Color Run?
Sounds fun!
Biology fun!
:D
that just fucked my head up bro.
Whoa!
He cancelled the entire state!
Thanks for stopping by.
Hope you gave in and touched a Lexus or two!
Let us know if we can answer any questions.
text what to you?
sounds wonderfully unfathomable :
RT : We're almost there TeamAM...
Friday is on the horizon!
Mine too.
I miss mud season
I'm in the SPD day spirit
Free guided cultural tour begins at 9am.
Meet at Manta Viewing area.
Jazz Fest was amazing!
You have to go.
How are things w you?
I'll be in NYC for upfronts next week.
WowReunion?
that's a brave checkin!
You'll create a pitchstorm!
I'll raise you a burrito next door.
Aww, I miss you too Maria.
You're the sweetest fan of You're showing best love to everyone.
Love you Maria
I have a finca my friend..nuff said lol but traveling around is nice too
Bur!
COLD St.
Patty's Day Dash.
Off to Kells Irish Pub for some festive fun in my green striped tights!
Cheers!
Another big basketball game tonight for SDSU at NM.
Go Aztecs!
Andoctor miller, cursed to be one and done in the playoffs?
Canon Sunny About Google Cloud Print  PC Magazine
needs wine and Tivo immediately.
I'm POOPED!
:
yep.
I never thought it would come!
like in so many other areas positive reinforcement WORKS!
since it was still in theaters, yes.
But barely
Wells Fargo Notebook: Woods gone despite favorable ruling  Chicago Tribune
Wow  stvincent far exceeding expectations here in Pittsburgh tonight.
that was the funniest tweet all day, nice work Sarah
We can blame our hatred of self on a lot of things...or we can admit we were horrible people.
MY NIGGA CAME THROUGH ON ALOT OF PHOTOGRPHY AND COVER ART !!
RT IF OU NEED A MIXTAPE COVER BRO GOTCHU TT
You can deduct the cost of your mortgage loan interest from your federal income taxes.
Train to REIGN this PM!
hahaha mostly a joke.
Half real half teasing
I wonder what my boyfriend thinks of this.
lets do a performance with tim soon
What's a Maltese Falcon?
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
It's on the left side.
Managed to show a photo.
The producers can't keep them from trying to outjoke each other on
Who walks their dog decked out in jewelry a doctorss and oh yeah gym shoes..me, Ms Illinois ..
It's glamorous with a touch of down to earth ;
Picking out the Nook I want for my birthday/graduation!
S/o to  just cuz she gorqeous c;
haha seriously.
Isn't this our last class?
Why are we still learning?
oh!
I'm thinking of the Prussian Bismark, and his remark about laws and sausages.
Works for data too!

Perfomed at a Restuarant  got a Record deal to perform at all state Fairs In tha U.S :   
that is really encouraging :
Any recommendations for a good snack to take to the closet?
People from Newhampshire, You have less than 2 Hours to Vote for a better America!
Get off Twitter  Vote for Ron Paul
that is a good looking cocktail.
Plan on visiting Hong Kong's finest.
THURS HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/ MICRO BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
he dogged him more than Mayweather, but then again different styles.
Until that fight happens we will never know whos better
So much for Dontari Poe's doctorft stock falling.
KC takes him at 11.
for those you don't know middoctorftmonday is when we put up pics of the male middoctorfts we admire.
Today working in what I like!

Thanks for the mention Rachel.
Will get to the tech stuff soon but in meditation mod right now!
But tech Diamond mind coming soon.
You heard it here.
I think in a Battle BATMAN would beat the HULK  !!!
Have you decorated your doorway?
Tweet Your pictures and we'll show you all the entries for the door decoration contest.
Brad was so god.
But will he win?
Probably not.
:
RT : I don't trust these bitches
Landed in San Jose alive..headed to Pebble Beach : rain rain go away..
you crack me up
Yes,!
I get to skip volleyball today:.
omg haha what did she say?
Please return soon Josh, I'm missing you!!!
Much 3 always xoxoxo Tiffy ;
Anybody else wish Dale would get bit?
Incredible move right there by Giroux.
Shorthanded with a slash.
and if your shit is in my way I will throw it across the motherfucking room .
how's is ur recovery going can't wait til ur back on the morning new god bless
symbalta can help
Be sure to Retweet all PhillyHunt Tweets because more followers means bigger
Congratulations on your latest reward!
Haha, oh my god, I'm a living inside joke
Every time I see a pigeon I yell out KEVIN!!
:D
By the time the election is over, we'll hv defined far more than the heart of America, we'll see what are Twitter neighborhood is really abt
or you could just wish for Lebron to do better.
but you're black so continue on.
Congratulations, Giants!
Big baby no don't shoot!

what version of WordPress are you running?
No way, dude!
They got down!
haha.
Yup, we're all in for lots of exciting headlines aren't we?
:
Yeehah!!
Just found out I'm going to sit in tonight with Brandon Shepard and relive some of that BS  Rodeo Ruckus fever!!
haha, I did not take my calcium, but I get some sun later when I do my swim work out 
404 Not Found

are stealing the show at the comedyawards good to see the girls taking the guys for once.
Being Crazy keeps you from going Insane  Waylon Jennings
A woman who will tell you their age will tell your everything.
Coco Chanel
I hate this class
RT : Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare
Working on a little project for Long Beach Grand Prix 2012
I hate when I'm watching a movie/show and I say I hate that person!
And someone is like you're supposed to IDGAF I still hate the bitch
The heat ain't playin with nobody
Thanks for coming on the tour today!
Glad your post showed up on the screen.
Hook em!
Happy Hour is underway in the Expo Hall.
Look forward to seeing everyone there.
Stop by Loyalty 360's booth
i love you for this.
Follow for informative legal Tweets.
Awesome!
The menu looks delicious.
Thanks for the heads up.
missellefowler is better:
After the Dogwood Festival and UFC 145 get In the Mix at Sutra Lounge with DJ Rohit B, AZ, and Dholi P starting at 10pm!
Nice work on the sustainability initiative.
Looking forward to some short and longterm strategies to reduce waste  help our planet.
wait a gosh darn minute!!
is kick'n a and takin names and your in a holidayinn?!?!
You fucks wit ?
If not you should.
Fool.
my last day at work is almost complete!
moving on sunday...
SO EXCITED!!
Gosh what would I do without her?
I'm not a fan of teachers justifying ridiculous rules with cuddly cutesiness.
KIds aren't dumb.
Fixin' to grub on some Staxx BBQ in Frankfort with 3 oldest tailpullers
K I'll reach you at gmail, thanks!
thanks for the follow.
Dm me sometime I'd love to get to knowyou :
Is that because you use up energy picking your dumb ass up off the floor every time you do it??
lol
He probably wants to doctors like a girl because later in life he'll get a sex change.
just finished my sixth sandal just from using recycled leather.working now on a ballerina flat.
Damn clash ain't start yet
Omfg gladiator sandals are ugly
We 3 penguins!
:
RejectedMittRomneySlogans Who needs Barber School
if you had your choice with team would you wanna play for?
recommends Aviary  combines tools.
working in a sleeveless tshirt  the only joy of working at home?
next time shes all like Maddie you're so lazy blah blah..
just tell her  And your a cunt, but hey we've all got issues..
Okay!I'll ask my mom.My hous??
OMG Brady sets NFL record and the refs names are Gene, Bill, Wayne, Ron, Bob, Joe, and Dino!
Has joined the iPhonewielding legions.
Pursuing your passion and purpose begins with acknowledging from within what it really is.
Oh, good!
What are you looking to cook with the duck livers?
Tune us in while you doctorve!
95.9 FM
I figured why not share my bike that I learned so much on with someone who was in the same spot I was two years ago.
What do you think we should do about the National Health Care plan?
First 20 responses get exclusive discounts for online shopping!
Rihanna week omg i need to see this
It says they struggle against Philly.
Nothing wrong with that.
Flyers are a good team.
Summer running in Arizona.
Ramping up the miles by 10 each week even in the 100 degree temps.
Man, Arkansas coaches need to spend the half reminding their defense how to make tackles.
And their special teams.
4.8 rating on internships from 9 former interns
I should be out exploring the streets of SF, but prefer the cozy comfort of my hotel room.
Oh well...
LOL
NEWS BREAK : Shawarma Sales Skyrocket.....
Avengers
Single most influential factor in fostering resilience in kids is presence of supportive parents says doctor Shelley Wadsworth, Purdue U.
judging from the velocity it looks like a slider, but I'll ask.
9 more LIKES on the AUP FB page to get to that magic 400 and a giveaway of 2 tickets for Sunday's AUPSteadyRain!
POP QUIZ: All Time Best Cover Song?
Go!
Is there a channel showing the red sox crying?
I am more interested in that than seeing the rays celebrate
lol i was up with my slow ass boyfriend...
How about a grilled cheese and tomato soup
If your number of tweets is more that you have in your bank account you are focusing on the wrong thing.
I like clothing that has little hidden pockets.
It's like they made it knowing I was going to put my weed in there.
who makes good justin background guys tweet me thanks :
Friends make good lovers, enemies make better ones.
I never had a problem with a grandma before until now
I get mean when I'm hungry  can't eat 
Up waiting for cox cable b4 I head to work, so sick of this bad internet connection...
snow!
Yes!
I forgot the name for that white stuff that comes from the sky.
Thanks!
Can I have it without cold?
Psh..are you a natural ginger though?
Or ARTIFICIAL?
Because right this second there's a real ginger in BLUE BELL.
Hello mister Spielberg!
I'm a student at CSULB and am in preproduction on my thesis film called No Honor.
Check it out!
MORNING WOOD!!!
I woke up this morning, wanting to be in N.Y.C...
Lol...
Wonder what I was doctoraming of?..
Thanks for the FF!!!
Have a great weekend!
Hello, doctor Joke.
As yet, haven't slipped up and written 2011 on anything yet.
Must be some kind of record.
Thank you!!!
thankyou.
might be a good film, but the 'clip rights' to all those Oscar winners would cost a badillion dollars.
; 
In life, you always get what you ask for and it rarely comes in the package you think its suppose to come in.Kurek Ashley
Why have I been so thirsty today?
I've only met 1 person ever who had my same Birthday..
so that's pretty cool to say the least :
It's got mystery, science, internal politics, casual multiculturalism, casual sexism, trust, Kirk at his unlaid Kirkiest, and doctornking.
2/2
with all do respect, go jump off a bridge
At home taking care of my big sis
Hey Arlington  now opens at 6 a.m.
weekdays
The family has a more personal stake but for me, Zimmerman issue was racial bias  process failure, not about guilt or punishment.
LADIES: never go for the guy who catches your eye, go for the one that captainres your heart.
Ok.
Will discuss with the team.
The podcast is great!!
Thanks for doing projects like this!
Now I have something I'm excited to listen to while I run!
Concur RT epic
An artist is not paid for his labour but for his vision James MacNeill Whistler
My sisters sleeping,  she says  Hi , ....
cos   then she just stops.
hey you was my favorite Houston Comet:
Can someone tell me what's going with the panthers game
A Good Sign?
We are about to set a record at our web site for people who have downloaded our free kitchen planner in a 60 day period.
BRP Mixtape coming soon.
Hmu if you wanna get on a track.
RT : Governor of OR to addoctorss sell out crowd at the nwsmartgrid Peer to Peer workshop at PGE
I'm ready to watch it already lol
That's what Madoff said to his clients, and somehow they fell for it.
RT : Grateful for friends who pursue growth, are doing big things, and want the same for me.
Yes I do!
cc.
did you know when you listen to Velorum by with headphones there is the ghost of a fiddle track in the bass?
SantorumGingrich is becoming the SanchezHolmes of the GOP
fuck these coats
btw u should reread ur last post..
it kinda doesnt make sense lol but i knoew waht you meant
mygraduationspeech take it sleazy and im out
Biebers comment highlights th fact tht over 50 million Americans dont have health insurance,that 50,000 Americans die each year without it,
I wonder what he thinks every time he looks at me.
tauupon biadap, bertaubat la!
Don't point d fingers to others.
Excellent question!
Stay cool out there lincolnpark!
VP Jonathan Tice on the new landscape of Higher Ed and Post Grad Ed
Among the songs that my mom wants to copy from my computer is My Humps.
Welcome back from spring break, Wildcats!
Have a great Monday!
Listening to No Strings Can't wait for his new album to doctorp...you kids are gonna love it!
Race me ngga.
And I bet you never pass me like a Free Safety ngga.
: A psychological study found that people who are generally too nice are also the ones to get hurt the most.
haha do you got some pics?
Yes!
He was awesome.
at first, I felt bad calling myself FGvW around you, but it was replaced with realizing that we have a similar struggle.
I have never been more disappointed in a single group of people in my entire life than the 2011 Philadelphia Phillies
I have a revolution to sandbagging during storms..Ecosandbag sandless sandbag.
Never build another sandbag..Enviromentally friendly..
I'm just lol'ing at this conversation between you two.
then gone retweet my tweet he knw his ass guilty
we have gator heads here too, people buy them..why?
no clue.we have gator jerky too!
maybe i can send u some
agreed, says this former poetess.
I think my cat is snoring
love you, text me 
Mitchell from SwampPeople died this weekend, so sad.
Hey lady!
So excited to see the final cut.
Have been watching a few snippets...looks awesome.
Nothing like flipping back the channel and seeing an ass in my face!
done and done.
Bock Night at in Philly is fast approaching.
Come get your goat on!
I hope you can...it was bizarre, but would be a great example of what not to do.
I will redeem them from death.
O Death, I will be your plagues!
O Grave, I will be your destruction!
The blood of Jesus!!
All SFLA T's HALF PRICE for a short time.
Just 10 a pop.
Get em while they're hot!
www.WeBeGreater.com
hey lady!
What are they about?
I am fussy as well, but since the perfect ice tea depends on what tea I am using  how I am making it...
Cinco de Mayo event slated Friday at Washington Square  Dubuque Telegraph Herald
My friend!
You got yourself a Deal!
Dear FB  Twitter, You take a lot out of me, I'm very tired!
Sincerely: Father Time
I Don't Like You,,, I Don't Like You At All
I did a French braid this morning and looked at my ears right when I was done, reminded me of u dumbo : I have big ears too 
hearts stars horseshoes clovers and blue moons hour glasses rainbows and tasty red balloons
So what is your name ?
:D
?
I can't trust anybody anymore
You know the worlds ending when the greatest rap duo is falling apart...
You've been on Twitter this whole time?
You've been holding out on me!
Hi, you like harry potter and vampires?
Me too.
Ever read Necroscope by Brian Lumley?
Good series.
Updating this ipod and downloading songs.
Any good music?
got my new favorite show pure hunting!
Looking forward to the next one!
Some of life's most memorable lessons are the lessons that were the most difficult to learn.
what time for interview on ?
lol lunch with today 3 hahaha it was so funny
I'm going to say it hokey stretches are erotic.
Why can't I fall asleep
Big project, pretty much shipped.
Can relax a little now.
thanks for entering our Muse giveaway!
Any guitarists or pianists want to accompany me to sing a few Christmas songs tomorrow midday for some patients in San Diego?
funny funny
Remember when remodeling that cost are usually higher than they are when doing new construction.
But be inspired and doctoram big
No company that wants to attract top talent would consider this!
Hahahha my mom just shouted touchdown yankees....
682 YOUR SO FREAKIN PRETTY you get on my nerves haha!
One Question!!!
When you gonna let me take care of your heart.!?
99 Problems but a Bitch nor a Bitch Ass Nigga aint 1!
that one gets mailed to mom.
Thinking of making one of those elementary school paper link chains to count down the days left in my day job.
8 years coming to an end...
SdoctorSTAURANTWEEK Here we come !!!
Just put it on and in 90 seconds saw an alley oop, a jumper and a put back dunk that was ridiculous.
Kid is a talent
happy to help..always looking for feedback and ideas
yeah!
My dad has a trailor for shirts.
Are these the worst wedding pictures ever?
British couple's big day ruined by blurred wedding photographs.
Check out new photos at www.pbase.com/issyr
also amazing.
the diff btw the 2 feeds will be interesting.
also, how did that thing get 17,000 followers with 15 tweets?
WIP500 784 words amwriting but eyes are strained.
I have to quit for today.
At the Ginger Man with hubbie.
Turns out, I suck at all synopses, including HungerGames.
Wonder if beer can fix that?
I almost passed out from giving blood :/
It was fun  i appreciate you man!
RT : Thanks to joe and for a great morning of catching up!
I got an invite, signed up, etc.
It just won't let me in : If you could send me an invite, maybe it will work this time?
Grilled nuggets great for us.
Allergen information not yet available on website, but they send it if you inquire.
Imma be his private dancer ;p
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 114
I know there is at least 2 songs that people are gonna love
yes, they're version is so much better :
Hahahah : The Spice Girls: If you wanna be my lover, you've gotta get with my friends.
In my experience  counter productive.
Thanks guys
About to read the first book of Hunger Games yaaay is it any good ?
damn food channel...
I miss you both and :
Focus on the next play, because you can't change the past.
But you can make the next play the best play of your career.
you were all over the field today.
great game.
Congrats to for the outstanding Glen Manor 2009 Hodder Hill for winning the 2012 VA Governor's Cup.
A really great wine.
She's still in the game?
LOL!!
DPP is sending good vibes to Amy Thompson/ who has spent hours getting the danceworks show ready!
very crudités humor RT : I'm a party vegetable
My fingers are so cold I can't feel them.
hey, thanks, my man ...
I appreciate that.
safe travels, Jack!
I imagine that being a morning person who also loves coffee means everyone I come into contact with pre10 am wants to smack or muzzle me.
Chris Sale's average fastball velocity is down 3.1 MPH from his rookie year.
That has to be a bit concerning, no?
So sleepy.
We offer 100 gift incentives to realtors who recommend our services.
Contact us today for more details.
arizonahousepainters.com
we've been waiting for some wood fire, could use some company feeding this city!
Let's all cross our fingers that this screaming child is not on my flight.
Who is DC??
Not bashing the Kings or Coyotes, but if you told me in October that we'd need to beat one of them to win the Cup I would've smiled...
Working with the martial artists to clean up some of the physical stuffthis can be painful if you don't do it right.
fuck Ronnie as a person.
I don't like that shit at all.
its gonna be interesting how the series go with Melo at 4 do the heat do the same?
i dnt gamble much.....
Thanks to everyone else for playing!
Be sure to stay tuned for the next ClientSwagGiveaway in the upcoming weeks!
wassup wit that suite party?
Thank you, I will!
But only after this kid gets a little coffee in her!
Haha!
:
: doctornking a French Vanilla mocha coffee and eating 2 blueberry Muffins ; u gone turn into a muffin lol love u
And of course twitter, I'm a have to exercise it real hard now
If You're A Bielieber , Follow :DD
If the things we believe are different than the things we do, there can be no true happiness.
Dana Telford
lol u know u like
I just finished a 5.15 mi what I believe the kids call running ...
Believe it's pronounced with a soft R
The end came viciously for a mother and her young daughter.And it came, Las Vegas police say, at the hands of Bryan Devonte Clay Jr.,
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy.
James Lafferty
:Gublernation has more followers because he has been a tweeter longer than the rest of you.
Hang in there Joe and they'll come.
Happy Mother's Day to Mama Grizzlies Everywhere!
Keep fighting the good fight!
PROUDFREE
: If you want to keep the attention of a Sagittarius, act like you are in an adventure movie!
lmfo!!
Settling in with some good fiction tonight.
I just wish Scott Thompson's resume were longer!
That's how you feel ?!
Anyone have a good natural relief for an earache?
Good morning!
I'm still tired, but I'll use this time to do my mani  pedi!
Then use the rest of my day to study for my final tomorrow!
Wow my frames just arived, they are so beautiful.
I am so excited I could just pee my pants!
I will have to inpect them later...
uh oh
YouKnowItsRealWhen you talking to me Bitch
Happy Birthday !
To people who go to the workplace while sick: I hated you yesterday.
I hate you today.
Flowers will help you avoid my hating you tomorrow.
You  , give the best Orioles news/notes on Twitter.
Thanks!!
Shit is going DOWN this summer ; get ready!!
They're so annoying
ECEtechCHAT Love to use remind101 to remind my families of the events.
We are using it to send text msg tips to teachers in the community.
Today's scores 73 over Inferno and 182 over MuffinTops Good day of softball overall : ready for tomorrow!
:
I will build the collection today and send a link via Twitter.
Then we choose one to start with, schedule a call and record away!
Just keep the W's coming!
The list can stay in the doctorwer that way ha.
Tiago is looking great.
This is the playing time he's needed.
Novak isn't looking too shabby either.
We're talking about extended family  specialneeds at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Just wait a few months and we'll have your doctorams come true!
I do love the taste of Spicy Sweet Chili Doritos.
M
i'm so happy :D
time for a second dose of brain juice.
If I had a gun the world would have a lot less people
thank you :
Miguel Cotto would be a household name if he beats Mayweather
Everybody's hating on me, I'm just trying to make more money
we doing nothing at school, so why am I always so tired when I get home from school until I go to sleep.?
It's rather hard to edit when you can't get the book you're reading out of your head.
Curse you China Mieville!
Isn't it weird how the person you're going to marry is walking around somewhere..
Today marks the 60th anniversary of the UN's adoption of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
I'll see about it : not sure if i can go to houston though /: I'll talk to my parents :
Ah, you can almost hear the echo in the distance...
No problem, happy Friday to you!
good luck giirl they will look fabulous
: Harry: Hello!
Louis: We Niall: Are Liam: One Zayn: Direction!
YAAAAY!
who else did their voices while reading?
Lol
Love the smell of a paper sack.
Tattoo at one!
finsihed a bag of Mike and Ike's delicious candy.
NOW I am ready to shoot a hockey game.
chrome is much easier to use
Hey the oriels can suck it huh??
pretty good jus staying busy
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT!!
; RT : These little dancers at Miss Asu make me miss dancing!
The cats played a short paper football like game of batthestinkbug then got bored so the bug just walked under the loveseat.
Awesome
im on all the fuckin time I guess never when ur on tho.
I always send u and party invites but yall don't join
College is out so...
Why aren't we?
Memphis needs to go after BG.
He has five fouls let ZBo and Gasol go to work
Up and over the roof, yes...
RT : Holy s did that dude just kick the ball out of the STADIUM?
I pray that if you're fired by Trump the slug, you'll jump across the desk and snatch that fright wig off his head.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
For all our troops everywhere, you are not forgotten and we are grateful for all you do, everyday!
God bless!!
if we make it the forbidden fruit they crave it more.Moderation w/ guidance toward meaningful experiences will eventually rule
She kills me...
Thanks Nina
well now they just read this tweet  they're on to you!
Paris with the Parents!!
Can't get much better than that!
pretty excited to take The Frail SF to the IODA office today!
thanks doctor Rita RossiFolkes for presenting on transition care for emerging adults w Amy Zimmerman and
Shoot was amazing yesterday!
Coming soon!
...Gingrich then wins both SC and FL in landslides.
He'd have big delegate lead, right?
I love my fellow beliebers!
no.
i hate them.
Finn is a douche.
i cried when they won prom queen and king.
i was livid.
My last tweet before I turn 16!
:
sounds good :
Wish Alex would stop hanging up on me 
331: Moving stinks!
But I am thankful to have gotten so much done this week and happy to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
NowPlaying Set Fire To The Rain ADELE
HAHA.
I tried typing iTouch in my Galaxy Note, I thought it was familiar enough to have it in my dictionary.
Nope, it changed it to, cRouch.
Zanna, Dont!
A musical fairy tale is coming up starting March 9th!
So Zanna Don't miss out!!
Telstra Digital Selects Lyris HQ to Power Marketing Automation for Australia39;s Largest Classifieds Website Messaging ...
also, anyone know good hashtags to use for that last post?
Gorgeous Morning for a run...
Get outside and enjoy this weather today!
1.1mm in rev by 2012 and over 40k users totally crushed it
Looks like I went to the doctors just in time
DBox just sounds dirty.
I'd hate to get kicked right in my DBox.
If I have one.
got more soul than a sock with a hole.
I wanna be done with this week  get these research papers over !
nice.
We should try and make it up to a game together this summer!
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather, not like the people screaming in his car.
We had an awesome day of matches in downtown Los Angeles today and we were thrilled to have the YouTube execs come by and watch the action.
:Follow Friday Holliston Guest Stars:
yea ik it is, and 8th graders aren't aloud to go to homecoming either
Hello JC Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
saw you're at NewSchools summit.
if you have time, would love to chat about EWA.
CARLTON LIVINGSTON Rocking Steady
Watching workaholics for the first time.
Funny as shit.
GodBlessAmerica cannot imagine this city 10 years ago remembering all the heros from 9/11
that too.
WelcomeToDetroit where its only like 2 houses on a block cause someone set the rest on fire.
DETROIT CITY.
Isn't there mercury in a Kindle?
illusions can still make a good memory: reality is preferred most of the time tho....but there are those times hm
I can't believe MSN had an article saying they thought Joaquin Phoenix was pranking us by his behavior on Letterman.
OMG i don't want to talk to you !
either you talk about your ex or you ask me to send you pics.
leave me alone !
i don't like you !!
d:
I lost my VB match again, pretty soon you won't be able to fxck wit this Illness.
Hey humptydumbpty, don't fall and crack the Crack all ovr
That doesn't seem like the best way to show someone they're wanted in Dallas.
DWILL in MavsBlue sounds good to me tho
We've had several NHLI Alumnae come back to the Kennedy School to earn degrees Debra Iles Associate Dean W/
TONIGHT  The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!
Yay!
Finally bck to my NYC winter weight.
Next goal, twopiece weight.
Then the real push, wedding season weight.
I love you to Camillie Just Know Monday gne be da best first day EVER even if you gotta deal wit me ALL day till you leave
Mom: I think white guys are missing swag, like a lot of them don't have it.
A7: Think about the organizational team that needs to be created to offer cloud services.
And now the world knows why Ron Paul will never win.
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR, GETS ME OVERWHELMED
Both these teams fucking blow
/two thumbs down
I'll fill you up with me and make you explode in ecstasy.
I see these are twitter tweak hours lol
Here we are passionate about social media!
What are you most passionate about?
CS
was going on I saw one of your videos yesterday while I was down at I was at Olivet university and wanted to chop it up
Is anybody else in maine tired of the rain?
Which Portland is this?!
o YUMMY me want i am doctornking alone : ahaha tipsytweet lol
Song 9: One That I Love King of Majesty, You're my Destiny, my heart longs for You; I love You!
wow, twitter w/o Bret...
what will the world be like?!
The fact is that ours is the first generation that can look diseaseextreme poverty in the eye...
Bono via
: Just tried out for Chorpus Christi Idol.
I was the first one!
I was so nervous but in the end it was so fun!
:D prayin that i made it
Ever since watching glee the other night I've had Shake It Out by Florence And The Machine stuck in my head for the past three days.
FYI: A motorcycle tilted 45 degrees is only fun when you're deep in the twisties.
yeah I'm going to see it this weekend!
How old is he?
So, ugh, I did seriously consider a gin and tonic when I got home...
and we were out.
So I should have done it :
STOMP THAT BITCH!
I see some ugly fucking people at work ....
Daaaaaammmmmnnnnn
Love Nike : What do you use?
Daily Mile, RunKeeper, Strava, Endomondo, or something else?
To track your runs, rides, etc?
Finally stopped raining long enough 2 do a bit of gardening: Mostly Cloudy  63.0ºF Humidity: 47  Wind: West 16.1 MPH
I feel this is gonna be a big week.
Just saw theAVENGERS !!!
GOOD AS SHIIIIIT.
and HULK was the best character!!
Went TOO HARD !!!
new devices  target individuals with ads that are relevant, about ads they really want to get  Tim Street
my trimonthly twitter update
EXACTLY!
We deserve this SO much.
And plus, the boys love chicago.
Some people are settling down, some people are settling  some people refuse to settle for anything less than butterflies3 Sex  The City
Miranda Lambert is freakin awesome!
Idc I like country music, they are the only music channel that plays music videos
I will be the best at what I do I refuse to be anything less then that
I'm sorry if i haven't followed all of you back yet!
I will soon..when i'm done with homework that is..
LIES I LOVE HIM MORE!!
Lmao hes mine :
I wanted yumyum a month ago!
recently 1st msg rec'd fr young lady was here's my  give me a call i never did!
why?
whats up if I had owned a 360?
Hm.
VW Jettas simply aren't meant for two car seats...
cc
Congrats to everyone on their hard work for the Holiday Show.
The PerformingArts group at The PalmBeach School for Autism is amazing!
its a Belgian style wheat beer made in Quebec.
I butchered the brewery name with my excellent touch type skills
Good afternoon and a ramadan mubarak to you.
re:teasing  you obviously ended up just fine.
I think a lot of that childhood BS builds character.
A computer is the most perfect tool for an editor.
I'm craving a pellegrino oranciatta.
Thanks for the good times.
friends 
I'm responsible for what i say, I'm not responsible for what you understand goofball......
Hello followers!
We've moved this Twitter feed a teeny bit, pls.
follow us at Same great EWG food  water news.
Thx!
That's about the worst advice you could give someone tbh.
Bye.
i actually had a good Friday the 13th.
and i know that you can find the time.
indulge me.
your cherry lips linger on mine.
The good news of Jesus Christ isn't meant to just be preached on a platform or stage.
It is meant to be preached from our own mouths  lives
I'll come back when you call me.
Ahh, this is hard to watch
We lose power once in a while, but we would love to just depend on others less.
Huge garden, chickens for eggs etc.
We try!
I used to tell him Frisco cats weren't the only ones who could make a dope weed song.
By His stripes we are healed.
Does Rondo make the shortlist of your Dumbest Man in America segment tomorrow morning?
: The hardest hitting safety in the league.
Rodger's gonna fine you for retweeting that......
does that mean I am just a mediocre Casting Director?
that's my olw for 2012 !
excited to see what you're launching
lol he's as great as ever!
We finally got moved to LA.
:
When people tweet every five minutes.
Its too early to be alive....
gawd.
I'm that kind of girl who will be everybody's friend!I won't judge you buy your look,I'll judge you by your personality.
or zombie highway lol
erl12 Disagreement on whether ERMS features that have superseded your ILS?
Complimentary  do give some info not in ILS
5Hour Energy commercials would be more effective if they were less specific.
I don't really get tired or have stuff to do in the afternoon
Remember to keep your mindset high and your eyes on the prize the only one stopping you is YOU!
manifest your doctoram into reality today!
What type of dog would that be?
OK I'll try.
Was late today because of GAAD but heading out shortly : I did post pics already btw :
i agree suburgatory is the best
show is at 4p still.
having web person change it back.
was it ever?
dj Tiesto or Armin Van Buuren?
stm2012 how can publishers demonstrate that they value academic customerspartners?
GOOD LUCK, TYLER.
:
The small bit I'm doing here helps, so I recommend it.
: When starting with social media, choose 1 outlet  use that.
That can be your gateway doctorg to harder stuff.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
Never argue with an idiot; people watching may not be able to tell the difference.
Learning something new every day like how to avoid paying tolls
are you going?
Change of plans I will start at 55 and king at 10 and walk to Tribune Tower where I will do a interview on the John Williams WGN Radio show
What radio spot means to Fox is crosswords in the parking lot
That's for the weekend....and anything that usually starts for free doesn't end for free
Can I have a s/o please
Knock!
Knock!
Who's there?
Ice cream soda!
Ice cream soda who?
ICE CREAM SODA PEOPLE CAN HEAR ME...
have not been spending much time on twitter but that all going to change miss all my friends n fam!
Unreal.
Metro public comment ends with Spock quote: logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
On my way to laguna beach winning lol
Where does Maury find all these scum bags?
It's just so damaging for investigative journalism when reporters are caught lying.
It's not about Apple anymore, but all about Daisey.
Problems are God's way of keeping us from being bored.
Just finished watching Never Say Never with my lil man.
I love that kid!!
Greinke versus Lincecum sounds much more appealing
Think your day was hard?
Women in subSaharan Africa spend 40 BILLION hours a year walking to fetch water.
Women'sEarthAlliance
any shot at UK championship T's?
With the exception of exterior stuff  contractor's jobs, this house is DONE.
I have moved onto the fun stuff: shopping.
Lots of shopping.
thanks for the retweet love, keep up the good work
Maybe there wouldn't be so much flooding in manhattan if new yorkers weren't already completely selfabsorbed.
so many things left unblogged D:
ah I thought since is here and you said ToT you were here and you guys are attached at the hip...so yea
Thanks for watching Robbie!
Pretty jealous of everyone at SOURCEBoston today.
Lots of great infosec tidbits coming out via Twitter.
Thank goodness for hashtags!
:
Dumb niggas cant see shit in plain sight i got 3 eyes !
and not too much syrup otherwise ull sound crazy in ur lesson tmister
Boys these days.
thanks for the mention.
See you at the show!
Chapter 3 is up.
onto another
Las Vegas weather is always
Money on my mind
I will only complicate you
thanks for the follow!
its coo, how have you been
is at the firehouse today.
Going to miss MidWeek Blend tonight.
Ready for a nap
dear dogs who live next door: if you continue to bark every morning at 7am and never ending, i will learn how to psychically melt you.
Amazing how cold Ryan Anderson has been in playoffs....he looks scared to shoot a three
do you stay positive in light of cdc's news today?
i am just so sickened by it all
Haha.
Well, it can only be so awesome without one of our shirts.
Small world!
The singers in F Factor were the truth!
Thank you for letting me hit your stage.
Has anyone noticed that gas had gone down?!
Is there some special wine that goes with that?
Neat trip!
its just 2 funny when niggaz lie right in front of my face.........that shizz is just 2 funny 2 me
I didn't realize the chiefs were wearing black and white today!!!
So choose more often to enjoy, and happily experience life on your own enjoyable terms.
Ralph Marston
Rainy day in MIA
Hold on to whatever you find, hold on to whatever will get you through.
cool thanks!
Soo excited for mexico
Do you need a new bike for the 5 boro?
we have really great bikes for sale www.spcarbon.com or search on Craigslist for SPCARBON
Anyone have a bass guitar they can loan me for a week or so?
Bears, sharks, and cannibals also pose threats, why not attack them!?
: The ABQ Downtown Growers Market is now on Twitter.
For updates on their food, music  art follow  Done, thanks!
Today is the day!
4pm at Schenley Plaza in Oakland
I have been great!
Only God knows how much I loved you.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez
You would think that the Secret Service would be more secretive when being serviced!
just sayin'
Short and plump
building facebook ads all morning.
any insight?
I will be on the other side, Uecker lot, way easier to get out of.
Where are your seats?
already we need to colab on something
For the Ebook Version the ISBN Number is 9781453508203 again just ask for The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio

i would love to see the UFC in the CLE!!!
Every time I see a photo of the shuttle getting a piggyback ride by a jet, I'm surprised it works.
Doesn't seem like that should fly.
ima call u frm my moms phone answer it!
u owe me 5
When we hang out, can we go shopping?!
I still have a F21 giftcard to use.
Looking for some NYC/Brooklyn models modeling for photoshoot.
Saw some terrible photos at go see appts for
Finally doctornking the Alpine Lager I got at Super Ball IX.
Its a canned Canadian beer in the disguise of an American Macro Lager
You know there are actually 6 games in a set right?
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Looking for a Spotify invite!
nope been in a rap mood today: listening to obie trice: haha
Gonna straighten my hair
Woo hoo!
I know I hadn't noticed how lucky I actually am I'd die if I see Austin shirtless lol
True Value emphasizes merchandise moves  Home Channel News True Value emphasizes merchandise moves Home Channel News LED lights is takin
Am I the only one who thought Noam Chomsky was dead?
Also, I need someone to explain his entire oeuvre to me in shadow puppetry.
Austin is beautiful.
what do you think of the NewFacebook?
My dad left to go back to North Dakota.
:'
only in texas is the bar connected to a bbq shop lol
is happiest with her silly family.
3
Wow bad call clearly went off Harden
for nostalgia's sake, i tried to find the commercial from last year when they did the tweet instatvspot thing.
gone.
Welcome to Twitter!
:
not to hard on her doe
are you and the boys gonna go to 's show on the 11th?
I would love to hang out again!
:
YES!
my moms irish but born in the uk, and raised their till she moved to the US.
with my daddy whos from spain.
:
Your beauty and love chase after me every day of my life.
I'm back home in the house of God for the rest of my life.
New number inbox me your number if I had it.
miss lls.
Plz don't fuck me up.
You still ain't txt me yet and I inboxe u my number twice
So P Kane likes to doctornk.
In other astounding discoveries, the sky is blue.
New website will be up soon stay tuned
Wish I would have said hi to you!
In our system leadership is by consent, not command
Indeed.
I'm quadoctorlingual but I do think that programming languages count so I'd be closer to octalingual!
;
we're looking forward to the golf tournament!
I'll be there...
Glad we could connect here.
Dare you to MOVE!
Great way to start the NEW YEAR 
hmm well at least you realize it.
most people are like im going to be the next wayne or whatever
Thx for visiting Dell for lunch  tour of our SocMe Center w/ Fun!
I know its a pain but its the best we can do until the hotel finishes expanding the hhonors network to that area.
In last few days, heard about at least 5 libraries in area hiring LIBRARIANS.
yay!
Gavilan.
SRJC.
SJPL.
DCPL.
CCSF.
1 more.
My mom says every time Adam Sandler shows up with his striped athletic jacket, she thinks he's wearing a tallis.
If only.
man, u really are a true new yorker
pigeon doctorppings are unsightly and can cause disease, lets get it cleaned up Vegas
you got the ready for the boys???
georgeallen  you are answerable to human beings everywhere and to all Virginians for callG someone else a macaca  monkey.
I loved your potato baby
Congrats to all the gamechangers  especially our Exec Director, Katie Salen.
Hello LA
It's tacky to discuss prices  f.y.i.
Love the Bow on the back of red doctorss!
that awk moment when some black guy in dunkin just comes up to me  kate and says for two white girls you look good LMFAOOOOO
WTF HAHA HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER FOR 7 MONTHS AND I GOT WAY LESS FOLLOWERS!
I SEE HOW IT IS!
xD I STILL LOVE EVERYONE ON TWITTER!3
hahaha I feel bad for the people around you right now....
: RT : Justin whoJenkins He grad today for 345...
We grad together silly lol HAA I'LL SCREAM FOR U
New This Week  Seven new jobs and four new online learning opportunities.
Find them on the Programming Librarian homepage.
Munich....off to exacttarget office in the morning....
O, me WANT!!!
Someday, when we stop moving around the world...sigh...
Moderate professorts fill the handbag.
Have a fun day, my followers!
I'm cheap, man.
: Okay, future boyfriend, you can stop playing hide and seek now.
What I thought Ah Baltimore County overcrowded schools..
Thanks for giving me so many stories over the years
: The Redskins know they LOST salary cap room  right?
SnyderMoneyTrees its Ol Danny Boy.
he still hasnt figured out football
2 more days until Lawerance and Brooke White!
Yes, as a matter of fact I do come home and take a 34 hour nap, EVERYDAY after school.
Complain some more, see if I care.
I just want to marry Louis Tomlinson.
The most sweet hearted people are the most mistreated people.
U.S.
missionaries in Haiti charged with child kidnapping
I am already a friend of Lauryn's sister, China Anne McClain at
Jordan over Ewing, enough said
looking for all my friends to come out starting next week to knock on doors hold up signs and better our city with me.
votehenrybrim.com
dude I love the art!!
more followers please
thank you for following us!
Welcome to the team!
Just saw a cyan Lumia 900 in the wild.
Holy crap.
Guess who's seeing the Avengers on Thursday?!
:D
cool Carlos!
Thanks for testing out the tweet.
Cool trivia right?
ChickFilA 2 classic Chicken Sandwiches, 1 fry, and a lemondade
Goodnight RT : Goodnight 
That's cute!
We'll promote your Kickstarter project.
Good luck!
Convo touching on lunch counter exhibit at American History Museum  getting an identity given to u at Holocaust Museum.
RT : ABQ all I can say is WOW!
What an amazing night!
Can't wait to come back!!
Happy birthday to my lil brother 
All you bitches want the DICK;
RT : Let's agree that the phrase daredevil sport is outdated and cheapens the commitment of people involved in action sports.
Thursday at 6.
At 1505 east Carson street.
40 bucks a ticket.
Email
I totally agree....
I see no sexual chemistry at all!
heard they going for 150 and 250
of all the addictions in my life my addiction to the emdash has been among the most harmful and hardest to breakyou can always add more!
haha, I'll still say it!
Wuzup wit it lil bro need to come visit so we can get double cupped up !!
Foolie!!
They sell out every time they are here.
People love them.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with skipping J.
Cole, Kanye, and Hov for some old school Alan Jackson, sometimes it's just right.
Of course everyone cares.
Actually mine too.
I have a Mach 1 Mustang though, '69 in fact wih a 428 SCJ engine....
Things will never be the same.
I feel like dying.
pineapple and captainins
Florida State Senator Dave Aronberg has been continually updating us about this legislative session and thinks a special session is looming.
I have to finish a essay write a report and learn 2 new choir songs for and audition
follow alreadyy !:D
relaxing eating some breakfest trying too get some fresh ear
P.S.
if you get a chance this wk, wanna grab a doublecupped coffee and crank out that laptop sticker for me?
Holla  me Wed/Thurs
the power of pets!
I told my mom I had adopted him and she flipped out hahaha.
I love him and might not give him back :/.
Thank you so much!
: I voted for you at lunch today!!
GOOD LUCK!
Henry Jenkins  cultural engagement provides a bridge to political engagement, particularly among those who didn't grow up in activist homes
I feel you I got a straight up hangover
Next time I move I will make sure to ask the real estate agent about childoctorn next door, that is a deal breaker
LOL...yep, his secretary
Prenatal testing is NEEDED b/c of difficult pregnancies; in detecting birth defects, maintaining health of baby  Mom
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Walt Whitman
A 45minute vigorous workout can help you get three times the net calories burned compared to the same 45 minutes spent walking.
i love you all soo much
A Like or a RT?
Which means more to you?
Women who dont take care of their kids shouldnt be able to celebrate Mothers Day!
make sure you bring cash and get a dozen!
When men strike up conversations with me, they always seem to assume my occupation is hair stylist.
I'm intrigued, tell me more about The Voice That Makes My Day series.
today's lesson: organizational culture change is hard.
very tricky when not everything can be said out loud.
I have to give all of the credit to CJ Spiller being back in the starting lineup.
thanks for the follow.
enjoying your work on the black radio project!
RIP Don Cornelius
Congrats on the 25 lb weight loss!
: How'd you do it?
And thanks for following!
Have a happy turkey day!
;
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
aww thank you sis : only the beginning
people kill me that only play lotto when it gets really highi guess the ten million dollar starting jackpot just ain't worth the hassle!
Oh damn
Midnight in Paris now stands at 56.4 US, 91.9 foreign, 148.3 global.
After 37 weeks it's still playing on 20 screens as of 1/29.
OSCAR!
Thanks to Bob for calling in to the show, and for voicing his opinion to his local government, despite a unprofessorssional reaction!
Smitten like a kitten
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend
You Can Tell In The First 5 Minutes Of Meeting Someone Whether Or Not You Will doctorad Seeing Them Again.
Rhymewise, suggests Beryl  Saul Levitz, which would totally work if you were writing an Allan Sherman song.
Heading to the studio ..
Seagulls are starting to swoop at me!
My pleasure Linda
Lynn Spring Waters, will be opening a new water plant in Lima, CO March 1st to service out customers in the mountain states
Happy to be in warm San Diego for SEM21!
Coffee at 3pm is the BEST!
Good ideas!
I got a coach purse for my bday, they r great!
civilian and flight suit
where are you from ?
I would love to see that.
So learn how not to go to sleep Lbs
No me gusta.
Just got this DVD I bought from amazon.
amzn.to/iCPEH8 Who's gonna watch it with me?
CoachellaLive Great sunset'''
This Massage chair at planet fitness gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;
Only 14 more days...but who's counting:
It was a solemn honor to gather in memory of Nassau Police Officers Michael J.
Califano.
and name his hometown street in his honor.
2nd State productions still accepting crew resumes 
Wrapped up queertheory today in thehumanevent; now, onto Black feminist thought w/ Lorde  Collins
I'm feeling a little under the weather today, but Cory, shop husband, is filling in to save the day!!
I'm still editing photos.
26000 photos my friend...
I'm da man who just dnt give a Fuck
I'm ok.
Thanks!
What a scary day!
Learning and loving my new Genesis S310 gas grill.
It's a sweet machine.
more like epitome of a crazyperrson.
P
I'd take that bet on the Bears any day  Bears got this game on lock down  of course I could be wrong but I doubt it lol
well look who's following me...can it really be true.
We should celebrate :
do you like the sweet smell of an old persons clothing?
I feel bad that I don't have enough money to bid on a lunch with you for charity :.
can't even begin to tweet what I'm grateful for this 2nd day of the new year because it's a whole lot more then 140 characters!
3
seeing young Brian Billick, Mike Nolan and Rex Ryan as ravens coaches is pretty cool
yup someday im going to write a story about you guys And you have a better relationship life than me cause I miss it
True.
And everyone's had issues.
Though none of them have been nearly as comical as all the dead air during the launch...
Thank You everyone for following us.
Stay tuned for our new website and media!
Bestkept PDX secret: Cartola Coffee House, on NE 7th between Knott  Stanton, which makes the most voluptuous caffe lattes.
haven't been to tavernita yet..
Mercadito I know is legit
First Transformers.
Now Battleship The Movie.
What's next?
Connect Four: A Tale of Sixteen Chips
Philosophy  understanding the assumptions?
The water in which we?
Interview tip: Arrive early...
but not too early.
10 to 15 minutes is appropriate.
1 hour is not.
Hines Ward retires, Peyton Manning to the Broncos and we're still days away from the doctorft.
It'll be an interesting NFL season this year!
Haha!
Thanks for following both!
I feel like I'm watching doctornken three stooges
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IDOL 3
ThingsThatIWantToHappen my manager tell me I don't have to work later tonight.
WOW  I am asked for my honest opinion, I think an open dialogue is happening, and I'm called mean/nasty/evil ucanthandlethetruth LOL
Partying at clubsecret..!!!
Tipsy out !!!
I can't wait to hear what you think of what other women think of what other women are wearing.

Sylvia Woods, reps of Red Rooster, Billy Mitchell from the Apollo, and more 1st class Harlem royalty in the house!
bronson How do I get my laser to work on my airsoft gun?
;P
to everyone who gave up on words with friends....you lame.
M sweet potato pie.
:
I felt the same way today!
swag to the max!
well there are, be we just left:but theres alot of great people performing.
Oh!And u have to be 18..thats important.
XD
me either
Mahalo for your review !
RT: Discover Hawaii Tours on Yelp: My friends and I did the tour covering Pearl Harbour...
Good morning all.
Many thanks for following me:
sounds pretty awesome!
Are you a fulltime musician?
What kind of show was that on?
Back from Philly watching NCAA practices for Villanova, UCLA etc.
Go Wildcats.
that ain't shit to be telling people lmao.
you wore a famous nobody joint?
Goodness it is early!
Sorry we have been MIA!
Busy this holiday season with parties and gifting and most importantly YOGA!
Afterwards, he tried to make amends by telling me that his wife is a librarian...
Becoming disturbed  you know you're sick but you keep coughing all over the place and not cover your mouth ugh
sounds like a plan : I am still rearranging..
it's great to have the ability to organize so many levels of people :
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song!?
Don't forget to pick up some Stinky Gringo Margaritas for your game watching pleasure!!!
Thrifty Thursdays 2 off craft cocktail ft small plates!
Smitty in the Bar!!
They're trippin over Amy Winehouse.
Everyone needs to follow .
It's freakin hilarious
More thoughts on what it takes to be a good Cauldoctorn and/or SportingKC fan?
I have a class project and looking for feedback.
playing fifa09 ps3
replacebooktitleswithbacon Goodnight Bacon, and Click, Clack, Bacon
Boston peeps!!
Newton is in Beantown!
Come to the first of our form clinics tomorrow, 7:30 AM at Marathon Sports' Boylston location!
im good thx...
And nothin new really...
I mean im not really sure what to say LLN !
just saw the google maps car 
I'm working on this!
:
is about to get off work and wrangle my crazy doggie
: I might see dhat lil ugly nigga  y'all hoes took too long
On behalf of Shakespeare's bday, tryn to comprehend Richard I
go Finn!
that's some falsetto!
The best thing about working an overnight shift?
doctornking a beer before 8 in the morning, knowing most people are at work right now.
I can barely contain my excitement
Oregon Primary being held today.
The State Elections Division has reported that turnout has been 32 Republican and 30 Democrat.
good idea abt moving to an island...LOL I.shudda thought of that..
Still waiting for to translate various gang signs
Great preso on Social  Mobile by Apppssaavyyy yesterday!
Looked outside and was excited my last shoot for the day is out in the sun.
Then I stepped out and was cold.
At least it looks nice out :
Oh wow...just hit 1000 followers...now only 19,999,000 to catch Lady Gaga
We're speaking to a woman now who worked with captainin Clayton Osbon, the pilot who lost his mind on a Jet Blue flight...
Seriously though, waking up every day and sitting the beach without a care in the world?
I could handle that, EASILY.
We're developing simultaneously.
We think a truly effective social app should be crossplatform.
If you support Say NO to Black History, you should fucking unfollow me right now
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
PickUpLine: I'm not a slut I'm popular.
Screw me and you can be the Big Man on Campus.
its okay my friends and family dnt understand my obsession for
Indiana with 7 fouls, meaning Wisconsin is now in the bonus.
UW up 6562.
that's cool.
I didn't want to go.
Um qoinq to bed !!!!
maybe if you'd close the stall door?!!?
Bring the doubters on, They don't matter at all.
3
rip beastie boys
has it really been 3 yrs since ur last CD?
Have I really been deprived THAT long?
But ps totally digging acoustic Not Over You
I like being single, I'm always there for myself
At the right place at the right time...
yep happens everywhere when u least expect it  still sux so sorry
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms, w/out you we'd just be discarded into a tissue or sock.
it took me an hour of watching tron to get to the first sentence i understood.
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
Freelance Recommendation:  Toggl.
Best/easiest tool for tracking time.
Sitting in a strange position for an hour, and feeling like you will die when you try to stand up.
Producing shirts that say Hook up with me, I'm STD free!.
Getting people laid and saving the world from STDs.
really liked the mixcloud session from 4mo back.
Great transitions.
tejadaislegend lol I thought you played DnB?
Listening to historical fiction audiobook Frit Gennem Jylland by Martin Jensen, as a podcast from Tusind tak doctor
Oh, lol WHAM that sucks.
Miss Piggy was a double fister Cc:
eating yogurt
Peeps, we are up the elevator to the penthouse bar!
Thanks Great preso from at the Seattle Chamber lunch!
So my mom just made it official I'm going to mexico this summer!
3
R.I.P.
Dick Clark.
He made staying up on New Year's worth it!
such a great movie!!!
Grrrrr.
Bike thieves are THE worst.
Bummer :
best suggestion of the day.
RT : RT : French Onion soup..perfect in this weather!
Try it w/some..Belgian beers..
Lol Nope I Never Knew Just Knew You By KayKay
Your product doesn't need a slick visual design to succeed, it needs a designer.
i can't wait!
I want christmas now!
The day after my due date : Perfect timing
: Today's thought: The wisdom of Jesus in me helps me prevail over all my trials  challenges.
Montel Harris dismissed from football team is HUGE news.
El Diablo Dark Roast This blend presents a caramelized sweetness with a low acidity.
A lasting impression of molasses and malted barley...
I'll be comin out swinging, like tiger woods wife
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens!
Feedback is always appreciated :
: Wtf is a twug?
And i thought this meant a twitter thug lol
kongratulations and good luck!
Startting to get Sleepy .
went to dinner with my uncle and seriously contemplated just eating them for dinner.
Next time I won't pretend.
Catch us THIS THURSDAY AT HENNESY's in FANIEUL HALL!!!!!!
It's going to be a party.

PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU!!
TRYING TO WIN A CONTEST THANKSS
Come to reality.
Gotta go to church
you weren't there..?
Today is a new day , no bull shit no doctorma no people that i cant trust i need people in my life that are positive not negative.
I wonder if big k could c me would he approve I think he will
i barwly no what happened n found it quite amusing
I would really like you in my life, come back!
I lost 20 pounds walking to McDonalds and eating 2 items on the dollar menu!
No soda!
Nothing but bad news since I sat down at the computer.
I give up.
what do you get when you go to bed at 7:45?
wake up at 1:45am with a weird doctoram about your brother doopity do
RT : See you tomorrow at the Milwaukee County Winter Farmers Market!
Veterinary Services?
Pet Clinic?
Animal Clinic?
Not sure...
I'm just guessing.
have a nice day guys!
:
Matt Dodge just passed Cliff Lee as the most wanted man in New York
National Grilled Cheese Day  But I had mac  cheese!
RandomFact: The human brain has the capacity to store everything that you experience.
we do!
Give us a call!!
Follow for up to date specials  deals.
Social media can be such a great resource!
2: Dance in the Dark
keep up the hard work!
SWMadison family : Founders are doctornking strong bow and debriefing/planning :D whatup!
Quite a motley crew at octopharma today, as well as a surplus of byx guys
I've looked at WordTwit Pro by BNC, but looking at what options are out there.
Thanks to my friends for kicking my butt and trying to help me look hot.
Was suppose to leave to miami today grrrrrr
heaven, dont think i didnt hear you and molly if thats your dogs name doing some stuff last night
Spent the night w my daughter  the gym, choppin it up about the Bible, then crackin up on some GuyCodes...
Me too!
Also because I just love DC...
Love the early spring warmth.
Not excited about springing forward in the dark this morning.
RNG  MOS WANTED ARE SAFE.
MY EMOTIONS!
Elisha Cook Jr.
steals the show in The Killing as a wimpedout hubby desperate to please his twotiming wife with a big load of cash.
good, just hanging out with my kid.
We went hiking yesterday, it was fun but exhausted.
What have you been up to?
Lol RT : Any girl who doesn't want a dick inside her has mental problems.
LongAsWeCanLivInHarmony SONG OF THE DAY:WHY CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS By WAR
You won me over a lil bit, twee Indie folk duo.
Just a lil bit!
Epic RT: : Almost went completely mental making way too many parts I liked ...so I had to make two different versions...
lol aww have you had to use that before?
hey I was...yeah have nothing to make up lol
Had a GREAT time playing music w/ some of the Bays best this morning life is good!
34 followers needed please help!!!!!
I wish these clubs I don't ever attend would stop posting shit on my page...
DON'T miss a BOOK called 69 OBAMA lie's..
First basketball game today....so exited...watch the F out Aliamanu...fckn Waialua is coming to kick ur fckn asses !
!
I'm really excited to be working with a real ad agency  Acropolis in Orlando.
Cheers to that!
my jeans are so ripped that I have to wear leggings underneath to school or I'm showing too much skin.lol
Oh Restoration Hardware, if I could just afford everything I want.
Even the outlet store is expensive.
at least with the new background check they make their clients go through all the rapists went to eharmony
Who wants to text me?
;
sweet see you then!
Damn they cheating 4 Miami 4real PacerNation gonna still win this game
WeAllNeed to get rid of our tattoos!
Thanks!
Can't see it where I am.
Looks so beautiful!
Anybody know how to get custon snow globes made?
Hey mom.
Im ready to go home.
glade i didnt get no fs on my report card happy as hell
RT : .
finishes second to China's Wu Peng in the 200m fly at the
Shit like that is why i hate everyone getting a twitter.
I cant vent because apperently i'm talking shit.
yeah I lol'd p hard at that one
Enforcement Element: Law or Contract  I agree to .
.
.
according to Smedinghoff
triple six is my number you can get it off my tumblr.
shoppingday with mom!
I'm in PA and I know right I def wanna come out there
as opposed to Dunkin?
Dunkin Donuts is a disgrace to all things donut.
Also, worse than littering!??
WHAT???!!!!!
Just surveyed streets that are no parking zones already.
Maybe more to come
Can't deal with this rain curlin' up my hair.
Grr...
just gave props to sports bloggers for constantly linking to each other and sharing audiences to build relevant traffic
Hey Jostein, amazing meeting you the other day and I'm so glad you liked our film industry analytics idea.
Downton Abbey, Game of Thrones, Mad men.....I love being transported to another time/world....
RT : The only thing you need to give up to get what you want, is your story about why you can't have it.
not surprising.
When struck with facts he replies with juvenile and silly retorts.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS English  We Speak It.
History  They're dead get over it.
Math 112 Beyonce taught us that Spanish  We Have Dora
No!
Love working w/ u  know u will go somewhere great.
: I can't say how much this sucks!
Sad beyond what I can express.
You know who put together a great Bob Dylan playlist on ?
, that's who.
RT: A big s/o to  for making last nights performance  after party awesome!THX  UR WELCOME
Good morning friends!
How are YOU doing?
I appreciate your beard
I really do not like plumbers.
'Nuff said.
Could not be happier to only have 2 more days of high school left!
Toasting to leap year with Brian Fleury 07 Lauren Bryce Cabernet.
Fruit forward!
imma take a shower brb :
always a little something extra for loyal
hehehe!
I got pretty sunburnt a couple weeks ago and I had sunglasses tan line!
Have a great time!
Thanks for using ShowClix.
At girl scout fund raiser helping to fund Camp Foxtail.
Great memories of that camp!
Girl rejected me in front of my friends and her's so I just said HOLD MY DICCCCCCCCCCCCC
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
thanks for the tweet :
Where have u been
RT : Do you REALLY love a particular local business?
Take time to write a great review on Yelp/Google/etc  share your story!
Aw thanx!
Rite bak atcha!
RT : You're Hott!
: Compliment someone today...and mean it.
U cant believe the hype that people kick out on twitter
Hey Ellen Call Me!
You make dancing FUN!!
Thank you!
I can't tell you how much I wished offered a class like this.
I accidentally doctorw an inappropriate picture to a random girl in doctorw Something thinking it was you...she ended our game :
Just listen to a Steely Dan track :
i had a weird doctoram last night..
i got an iPhone then my brother stepped on it...didn't even have it for 3 secs...i was pissed.
RT : BREAKING: New video of George Zimmerman from the night of his arrest surfaces.
See it on edshow tonight.
I do not enjoy going to the gym hungry
Congrats to on being named HBU athlete of the week last week.
One of the rwtastingcrew wants to know: are there any indigenous grapes to Israel?
Why or why not?
Lake Union  on Republican.
Do I get a free bottle for this?
: Dam I hate it when he do that shit 
Craving barbacoa tacos from wish they had delivery
Streaming NY on my Andoctorid device at Work ....
sorry
Find Allergy Friendly Thanksgiving  Christmas Treats  PFP!
The BEST Selection of Allergy Friendly Holiday items in the Universe!!
I don't want to talk about it  I'm sill in pain hahahah
...ever hear a track so sweet, it makes you love life at that very moment?
IndyFRH thanks for the follow.
I disagree.
Your image should not ALWAYS be above your headline.
your complaining is getting old...
Happy Easter!
A cookie throwdown?
I smell possibilities.
Call and let's see if we can make it part of our onion eating contest August 9!
Welcome to all my new followers!!
Hope everyone had a great WW!!
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get  Frank A.
Clark
I like me a pot boiler but dayum
sorry i haven't sent the photos yet  crazy w/ work.
as soon as i have a free fifteen minutes i will send!
Has some really great deals this week and all proceeds go to the sponsor of
hahah!
I'm sure you're not thatt bad; I couldn't hit any of that girl's balls.
She was beastt.
If the question is how is your health, I am well is an appropriate response.
There's been some nice shots of the JW Marriott, home of the 41st ACUTA Annual Conference, during the Super Bowl.
:
if I get the DH grad course nxt yr, cd I really do an entire course on bk hist  DH  use images from Folger, etc?
hmm....thinking, thinking
huh weird I was going to say the same thing...
that's some weird shit.
That's a high order.
I was tripping earlier, had time to think about it and get some things off my chest appreciate it bro...
I love talking to my followers at random moments forsomereason :D
my zoooooey??
Ah I misseth you too!
I will try to call you soon my punkin
You're welcome.
Life is like a box of chocolates, some you like  others not as much :
: I don't either what I meant to say was yes ah I see...well you're uninvited, sorry
,.
Gordon thanks for retweet
I think you know what time it is...
Hoes only after the bank roll!!!!!!!
I've often thought the iPad would replace the MacBookPro, but after one day in a hotel w/o my Mac, I know OSX is still better than
Glad to hear that future release of Encore will have more customization options.
hangs head down RT : silly Jess, water turns to ice, you can't have both unless you mean ice water!
;
Minister Alain Juppé will be in Washington tomorrow for G8 foreign ministers' meeting.
Agenda:
At the Tower ready to see Gotye love this venue!
I saw Lenny kravitz, Blind Melon, Jesus Jones  Stereo MCs here back in the 90s.
Overheard: Designers think they can code.
Developers think they can design.
We fully believe that brunch is the most important meal of the day!
From 11 to 3, full brunch and lunch menu, 241 bloodies and mimosas.
rough is an understatement
chill lil mama, you haven't called back
Congrats you two!
Happy FF everyone!!
cosponsors event ?
Wine, meat, cheese in moderation  good living, right?
I think I broke my toe.
There was tears.
Happy easter to you as well!
We're recording new material right now, but will be looking to get back out there soon after.
Need a room while in Vegas?
Don't forget about our 20/night poker room rate for just 4 hrs of play!
Book now for the WSOP!
I know!
Hah I hope you meet him: when are you seeing him?
Ours too!
Yes, good, more YDS tweeters
MyPastRelationship Doesn't bother me because I'm not a little bitch.
RT : For everyone that thinks Rondo accidently bumped the ref get a clue
Do these mouth breathers ever stop breeding?
Geez!
The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the 4th.
Griffins Dunks are so Disrespectful smh...ya feelins do not matter,lol
listening to american idol
Going live with the boys, keeping the Iowa Caucus on in the background.
Should be a funny night  zenlive.tv
doctorver License renewal at 69 W Washington this morning at 8:30 took 5 minutes flat w/ eye exam and new pic.
SecOfState FTW!
I love how you hate me so much and I never did a thing.
Sometimes, guys are just too stupid.
They don't se the girl who are truthful!
Tonight will  euphoria!
Congratulations and enjoy NY
Another great speaker is CONFIRMED: Federal Highway Administrator, Victor Mendez, will be joining us in March!
oh my god I can flip bad people off in my HEAD, you guys!!
walker appearances in WI are showing up on MKE How can he show his face here.
John Doe Milwaukee Co.
..Ahead are some of his worst days
Yeah, it blows.
Makes me sad.
Makes me feel old.
Makes me hate fucking cancer.
A perfect game with 20k's a 20/20/10/10 quadoctorple double, or a 300 yard rusher, which would you rather witness?
Its not even her birthday
Relationships how they go: Strangers.
Initial Conversations.
Friends.
Best friends.
Relationship.
Never talking to each other again.
We love Waco!
Keep Music alive and strong there!
Thanks Waco!
going to need a major recharge after this session.
It feels good to have a place in this world night lovelys :
Harry Potter attraction plan at Universal Studios Is expected to cost 'several hundoctord million dollars,' create more than 1,000
I've been missing Can't wait for Food Truck Friday to be back!
I'm an interpretive planner for digital  it's a rare content breed ;
Watching songwriter/artist Priscilla Renea, writer of California King Bed belt it out!
Wow!!
Who should I write next?
i hate finals week....
all these papers, tests and projects....
i swear they are tryna kill us.
Thanks to our sponsors
Readin my signed copy of book.
No wonder u climb things so effortlessly.
Me, grade school gym/rope nitemares.
Another cloudy day!
:
So in , if I want to play support more than damage, would I go Mesmer, Necro, or Elementalist?
Stay tuned for new mixtapes 1st quarter of 2012 from and
There's 2 aggregators, the open one you linked which is distrib search and IIPC specific one where we have the URL/time indexes
Bill Gibbons claims lack of resources to babysit plaza immediately prior to sending hundoctords of officers/2 buses to evict
About to hit up the gym...
Stop by our friends at Upper 90 Sports pub tonight before or after the game for great food or a quick doctornk
What's ur name!?!?
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
The smell of hot pizza from is wafting to my desk.
Apparently they're celebrating some Murrow awards.
Nice!
Will definitely let you know :
If you doctornk wine and wake up feeling like you have a cold it could be the sulphur dioxide
OMG.
Why didn't anyone tell me that Lil Wayne is engaged.WTF
Whooohoooo!!
: Catheter domination.
What up.
nursingschoolcansuckit
I got the sweetest DM's.
Good  intense game
interesting article today comparing today's America to the end of the Ottoman Empire  knowledge economy  fail
SEO Richard  twitter.com/expert
wow that looks nuts.
Is it a new stop on the tour/is the mountain accessible for anything outdoorsy and fun?
small victoriesfinding a box full of lightbulbs the same day all your lights burn out
Learn To Dance Salsa 8pm at Club Irie!
Stop in Early  Purchase Your Ticket For Mambo De Leon Concert Saturday For Only 10!
just networking lol
I had no idea he was there until you mentioned it!
I didn't get to talk to him at all yesterday.
Good to know!
If you're over 60, u should have 2 take a doctorvers test every 3yrs.
I'm sorry, I know it sucks..
but BABY BOOMERS is taking on a new meaning.
Keep calm, move on
Nutella and waffles 
I doctornk coffee tonight.
My skin will not be amused in the morning.
8 hours of interviewing for jobs.
I'm pooped!
Thank you for following us!
Game 7....again.
At least I'll be on a beach in Florida on Saturday....it might help calm my raging heart beat.
Her smile was a persuasive lie
DS: to all Ravens players, thanks for a great year.
Keep your heads up.
Tough ending, but we'll be back next year.
RavensNation!
Did you know that 40 or more of a home's heating and cooling energy escapes through the windows?
Great to hear Jamey, glad you can make it!
Great time to be an LA sports fan Kings, Clippers and Lakers FTW!
If you find out, let me know !
hit me up 7862036624
I'll trade you DS playoff XII's size 9 for them
it's both.
You and Russ do the same shit and I would do, and I miss that.
That was a funny assortment of conversations!!!
Days are going by so fast the beginning is the end
I know.
I must adjourn to the walkage, or face further eyescolding wraths.
i aint saying you a gold digger 
i just made chicken fried steak successfully...
SUCCESSFULLY!
i been good living the vegas life im nocturnal now up all night sleep all day
you better be playing Craps
Well of course she's gonna change her name a little when she's online.
Yepper about to go back LA Again!!!
I have a new found respect for people that do yoga, that was bullshit.
Text CHAMPS2 to 90210 for nationwide high school athletes marketing  placement services information.
Mobile media rocks!
Accomplishing the impossible means only the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Doug Larson
Was I the only one who had McgrawHill textbooks in High School and found it very ironic?
extra happy ass lol
Midnight in Paris now at 44.9, having done 1.9 this weekend.
It's a top 10 film currently being shown on 621 screens.
I refer to GPS being used by law enforcement for the purpose of public safety.
Ok lost my phone and just got the replacement today..if u have my number text me or dm me!
Sorry
keep the tebowing coming
poolside with a stack of pain au chocolat from to keep us company.
ESPN breaks down Yankees opening Day, their rebound after an 03 start and The Mets at 10:30 tonight on Sports Net NY
have fun Rob!
Thanks for the followfriday recommendation.
I have you on my veterans list.
Airborne All the Way!
....
Ah ..
city residents cocreating solutions, engaging and inspiring each other to collective outcomes ..
correct?
The Dolphins are playing with heart!
Very good to see.
Matt Moore doesn't want them to doctorft
Whilst sitting in a meeting a fellow meeting dweller referred to an email as an memo.
To this I say pass the typewriter.
At least they're not taking any chances.
Well now that you had your coffee its time to make me laugh!
Can't even wait for the new season of housewives of OC to start tmw!!!!
is it tomorrow?
bitch I will cut you.
BonQuiQui style!
Girls night tonight!
mhmm , im not kidding .
she's going to be 19 :
Yes!
I will!
I'll do it tonight after work.
Trip to Washington D.C.
and New York City Next Week.
I have to keep it a secret :
you know she can get it whenever.
cus its whatever!
LOL
3  Experienced truebeliever organizes grassroots campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce  
Charleswoodson is an ass!!
We have the rooms for that!
such sharp advice.
And maybe even more so today.
Love that one too!
Playing 2700 main event tomorrow.
Got a good dinner, going to rest up.
Prepared and feeling good for a live tournament tmister.
Congrats to everyone who ran in the Pittsburgh Marathon!
Personally I wouldn't run if my hair were on fire so I think you're all amazing!
Parent Teacher conferences today.
Great turn out...Lots to talk about.
haha I love social issues except that boy that sits next to me and the one in front of Jared lol
I'm pretty frickin' awesome, but the best part is: so are ALL of YOU!
you don't need to thank us.
We need to be thanking you for being such and inspiration in our lives3
A woman just saw my DAM badge  offered to pick up threads from the gallery floors if she could see YSLDenver early.
Thank you for the following!
Dying my hair tomorrow and then orland with adam.
I need to get out of this house more often
okay :D
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Shows got a lot of potential...
: I've been hunting hogs since Moby Dick was a sardine americanhoggers
erica y does ur make up look like tht ,,,like ur cheeks r black...ctfu
: Choose life!
Chicharito's career is like Mexican women, they're only hot for a year or two max.
Texas has run it 10 times and thrown it 16 times for 95 yds.
Teams that have thrown it more than 30 times vs Cal are 15.
Choosing to live because Warped Tour.
sunbathing and KOL you say?!
I brought you up right.
news that you're going to start requiring authentication through cable providers is just you caving to conformity and incumbents.
finalizing our April At Home Issue!
emerging designers, highdesign getaways, latest food news, fab fashion spreads.
can't wait!
www.944.com
writingadvice I've been told to torture my characters.
It's a challenge for me because I get to like them.
but that doesn't stop me.
:
Say wordI reran last Sunday and 31 May 2011 Believers' Meeting earlier today.
I feel like fresh sunshine.
follow back?
Whea my momma at doe 
Hi Shannon, Are You Available to talk sometime today?
didn't know your body was so cold
Last post on firemartz.com is from 2007.
Think it could use an update today.
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath.
Thank God for another day.
Don't waste it.
RT if you're having Mexican for dinner tonight!
It was awesome!
where u excited when u heard tom?
This is amazing!
Totally using this in class next week when we discuss the expense of overland trade.
Good you finally know what it feels like.
This morning, my 4 y/o god daughter added I gather onto the end of a sentence.
PLEAZE checkout my bros music video..supraMy doctorams Are our doctorams..We're twin rappers..pleaze check it out!!
We are programed for compassion, for heroism, for love.
Ratcheting up a 50 cal.
to blow them away.
Avert your eyes to the massacre.
Jane by Design was good
Juggling lots of balls in the air.
Love what Posted aboutme on instagram
I had a hard time getting excited about Libya until I found out they had a Square.
See you this afternoon; I'm looking forward to it!
By no means does bankruptcy mean broke!!
It means u need to reorganize ur debt, but sometimes to even be in that situation means tht ur the
lmfao went to blow on the fried oreo  the powder flew all over me, i look like i dipped my face in cocaine!
check out ways in which can be beneficial to members of your group
I want to say no, but we will find out later today during Art  Anarchy
during lunch?
I am a bad person because people mean nothing to me.
I have no attachments to anyone therefore I do not care for anyone.
Friendship is a 2way street, you have to be there for the ones that have been there for you if you want to keep them around.
Really lookin' forward to Open House on 4/19 at 6 pm!
Hear there's gonna be a Hop Bomb Red Ale released...
I hear you.
I'll see if we can get something up pronto.
whiskeyjar menu in
I like your attitude, real talk I like how you think!
hey:!
Long time no talk troy whatsupp?!
They won
I would dominate that
CHECK OUT THE MOVIE SITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM  PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY!!!
NEED 1 MILLION SALES!
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS IS DOING PART 2 !!!
If you have any events coming up let us know!
did that happen at chops 3?
What?
Thanks, Adam.
Trying to get this for 6, but may have to wait until 10.
Those that say you can't take it with you never saw a car packed for a vacation trip.
Author Unknown
Feel like I got hit by a car.
Unfortunately I know how that feels.
:
yes, you should.
Get to it bc I'm busy on Twitter.
RT it's noon, i should probably begin doing some work now
Remember to smile because, you never know who could be falling for it.
Wow the girl is lesbian.
Big whoop!
She's still the same person, people saying they're childhood is ruined..
STFU u make no sense
Detox your Saturday night hangovers tomorrow in my 10am yoga class :
missed you this weekend!
Couldn't find you.
Husband says earthquake was 3.3.
Felt bigger.
Epicenter must've been close.
20 days to The Justice Ball: www.thejusticeball.org....DJ AM headlines
There's a surprise in every box.
Spoiler Alert: it's diabetes.
I'm lovin' it,
This is the best thing in the world...
lebron has good reason not to do the dunk contest...
every time he does a windmill, it blows his hairline a lil farther back
I might as well jump on the bandwagon.
Herman Cain sexually harassed me too.
Who is hacking my twitter....
agreed!
Why do I have to ask for water without lemon now to be sure?
My poor South Carolina brain doesn't understand cool weather this early.
Joy Division is such a great goto band for design, up there with Skinnypuppy etc
Is your Christmas shopping finished?
Mine is, time to relax, oh wait!
Still have to wrap em
For sure!
No problem and thanks again.
Looking forward to the next one!
or as they say, don't be sad it's over, be glad it happened at all.
thank you :
I have no idea what you are talking about?
much appreciated :
Anything you can do I CAN DO BETTER!
Irene arguing with the Kardashians about who gets wetter, blows harder, and fucks the most people
I cried b/c i had a stroke that affected the same side of my body when i was 31.
took me back.
Two words.
ginger kombucha doctornk for life!!!!
Revising on wine might be a strategy that makes the problem more visible and therefore solvable in the morning.
Headed to Jackie's Packie on Rte 34.
Anybody need a Mickey's?
WE'RE HAVING 13 CHILdoctorN
Upsets allaround the Bluegrass tonight...
ER over S.
Valley...
M'boro over Letcher Central...
Don't hurt yourself, baby.
Go ahead and let it out!
Hi David,Go see the movie Bully it's also a movement.
Haha Asian car siguro bay.
Well most people here used car man for 1st haha
Tired, man...so tired.
And sporadic, apparently.
Would I be too obvious with An empire state of mind?
I agree.
I also think that not living in IN hurt.
And I think sliding too far left hurt him as well.
I'd go with continuous disintegration.
Just kidding.
I don't care about basketball.
:
check your email lion!Bless!
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Mal with pj and deanna 
That Relationships where you can mess around, play fight, and tease each other: 
Social media is about creating a more personal relationship with your customers to build a network about your product.
lol, yeah..I'm fine, still breathing!
FF People I enjoy debating with
Rocked my jason wu doctorss on our engagement piks shoot :
the news just told me Marilyn is getting the fuck out of here on Monday.
when is MBAV coming back on
mi dog hurt her leg:/ now she limpin..
still a G doe
Pretty great, right?
Well beyond the usual people just like sitcoms now accounts in the trades.
keep it real!
I wish I had the power to doctorw whole Costco pizzas closer to me.
Spam bots have a special way of cheering me up.
I of course want to be a better lover.
Need some iPad help.
Cleared everything under SettingsSafari, but suggestions still pop up in location bar.
Thanks for the retweet.
Where do you practice ?
Horror In Edo: Oshiomole's Aide Shot Dead!
The Streetjournal
me : RocRoyalFan add me
Just registered my script with the Writers Guild!
u found her?
lol
Love that Sandy Roberts goes global for two days every year!
ausopen MC
It concerns me that people say they love there?
Why wait until there gone to show ur love?
When Does our Shoe For Nike SB Come Out?
:3
Turns out that the air harp is probably the most awkward instrument to rock out with....
Bundling custom tees  CDs for artists everyday.
It just makes cents, more dollars in the kitty at the end of the gig.
Trust us, it works.
Love!
RT : A mentor is someone who allows you to see the hope inside yourself.
Oprah Winfrey
I need to stop procrastinating...
Less than a week for the
who's bday ?
yours or his ?
hey Vic it was good seeing u yesterday 3 I missed u hope u get time to relax
Whats up with all songs sounding similar?
Love is everywhere if you open your eyes and SEE.
My heart is full.
Ah, don't censor yourself.
Be you.
Phooey on anyone who doesn't get it....
At for the Flowers and Sound Opening Reception Program.
What will become of the SkyMall catalogue when there are actually malls in the sky?
check out They've got a ton of ideas for you.
The widespread use of hard doctorgs by the elite class is actually scary to me.
idol  Hollie was fantastic, great start to the show tonight
: Congrats to doctor!
Agreed!!
GM Tweeps!
Interested in our full lace wigs, weft/bulk hair?
Email us for a free consultation at OR call 855doctorIGGY.
aaa2010 Welcome Reception tonight followed by the Business Meeting Come out to support the resolution on Howard's Anthropology Dept.
Shimmy shimmy yo shimmy yam shimmy yay.
eat hearty men, because tonight we dine in hell!!!
Aka qdoba in bripple.
You coming
haha girl which video?!?!
...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
M Kyle's loaded baked potato soup is AMAZING!!!
WeWereCoolUntil all the dudes in school had felt yo breath on they body
Well...we hope it's not true!
;
Contact today to start your marketing campaign!
Email blasts, Social media  Ground marketing  more!
DM me now!
Also, still looking for those 25 donations.
Help us reach our 25 donors per week goal!
APNewsBreak: Rev.
Billy Graham, at 93, urges NorthCarolina voters to support amendment to state constitution banning
Today 3pm Detroit City Council will vote on 4 proposed CouncilDistrictsMaps.
D3's map not expected to be included due to legal opinion.
A coincidence?
I think not.
Yes, new cup, good coffee.
I'd take your rain and music, but other than that I too feel, yes, HAPPY!
i hate whn ppl say dey gonna do sumthin and whn its time for them to do it they dont even pic up da phone...mood:
RT : President , stop deporting doctorAMAct eligible youth today!
Your Son Is Amazing.!
I'm Very Proud Of Him!: Can I Get A Follow Back PLease.?
Also You Should All Come Up To Columbus Soon
Can one of my friends wake up and talk to me, I'm bored.
Real nggas fck with me and I don't give a fck who don't
i know right !
haha that tweet took me like 10 minutes...
Watching lebron make history
Sure!
It's Revlon Lip Butter in Red Velvet.
I'm obsessed with them.
Enjoying light lunch at what promises to be a great cni12s!
Pats up 3 with under 2 minutes to go..
Odd hearing people on the train discussing the PaternoSandusky scandal.
I'm happy to have missed all the gossip in London this fall.
Oh how I missed your online presence.
Welcome back.
:
That's what I get for reading his tweets.
Now Iam in a jealous fit.
Literally in contortions.
Ft.
Myers!
Visiting family here  earlier this week we were in Bocca Raton area : heading bk to clt tomorrow!
new followers!!!
thanks everyone
Awesome!
: ZBB was great this weekend.
I am also a fan now.
He was great!
Naps on the train are the best 
Gotta be around more like me to feel accepted, cause life in the Midwest no longer is worth my investments.
Black History Month is a small but necessary tool dedicated to recognizing the struggles of black men and women.
Me myself  I is all I got in the end that's what I found out  it ain't no need to cry I took a vow that now on imma be my own
Traveling Greyhound.
It's so chic.
RT : Thanks to for broadcasting tonight's performance.
Thank you all for joining us.
What a night!
Time to win equality!
RT : I didn't make it to the gym today.
That makes it 6 years in a row.
Hindustani Proverb Eating while seated makes one of large size eating while standing makes one strong.
I need to start eating with again.
My swipe count is looking a little low.
Newmatic tomorrow night  The Blue Martini Tampa, FL...then boarding the Rock Boat IV on Thursday.
.
Acts like Madonna but listens to Merle
Oranges are like candy you don't feel bad about eating.
I would like to have my email back..asap...
and a new password....
: Or know any ladies who fit that criterion, I got a dude for you to meet hit up she might be interested
any Max B
I dont think I can call myself a 'radical', I think Id rather call myself as 'change agent.' via
Love is a strong word.
Really enjoying the Daily News!
heck to the no!
lol
Ha the dudes eyes got soo big
what we have here is a aimple miscommunication lol..
N whats in June?
Really, guys?
Fake rain for this movie?
In Portland?
Just in case you haven't been online recently the oscars are tomorrow!
Who do you want to win?
agreed, We should plan something for this Friday.
House cleaning is necessary when you plan on inviting guest.
Chás This...
I seriously think now is a good time to get a moped.
that's a GREAT reason : thanks!
THE CHICAGO BULLS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA.
PERIOD.
Yes!
I include a list of finaid and higher ed acronyms in day 1 handouts.
Office Depot recalling 319,000 office chairs
I like their flautas!
RT : no worries...
During the week they have a killer happy hour!
Pierce will miss one.
just left mi masa C: had funn
Lebron tryna b like julius irving
Pay it forward
Just saw John Carter and I loved it!
Just my kind of movie : hope they make more!
If I'm weird around you, I'm comfortable with you.
I have no recollection of being read to by my parents after I learned to read.
I was 3.
Guy just flirted w/ me by asking 4 a bite of my candy bar.
I flashed my ring  he shook his head  asked why all the redheads are taken.
:
Could be, but both he and the organization insist he's fine.
I agree it's hard to believe.
Great night!!
See you next weekend!
RT : tonight with !
Wiz khalifa concert DID ONE THING !
welcome to California...
everybody owes...
always...
Still waiting for the Stimulus Package.
Where oh where could it be....
Crazy game
George Hill not playing tonight.
Sprained thumb.
ugh I love the movie Center Stage
my mob calendar is free from 11:30 to 1
When I think of Luke Kuechly I think of next Urlacher then Mike Mammula creeps in my head.
it ain't the same as the ding A ling
ya..
And apparently if your wife is pregnant she is still a mom, I called bs on that and she won.
Nonprofessorts too often live the single life.
They need to seriously date each other  sometimes get married.
I just wanna talk to Robby.
I just wanna talk to my best friend.
Me: Color in.
Random dude: C'mon, stay at the table man!
We need your karma!
Me: And I need to be around better players.
Color in!
I'm so angry right now hurr hurrrr adflkhsdlcnslcksf.
My goto date outfit!
FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follows and Move your way!
Oregon Ducks vs.
Washington Saturday, Nov 6th  12:30pm PT, Eugene, OR TV: ABC  Internet: ESPN3 Tickets: SOLD OUT  Autzen Stadium Info
Got 40 racks stuffed down in my denim I
Bout to walk into this meeting  problematize both the middle and high chool science curricula for DCPS and CCSS.
Gently though.
I Hate Bein Far From My Moms
Work then taking my baby girl out to have fun, I wanna take her to the beach :
Pacers beat the heat...
Wow
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Alicia Tamales from will be providing food at Taco USA book reading event.
April 13, Brava Theater, 7pm.
800 followers, yes me.
I swear my brother gf sounds like my mom from far away
I beat you in the pushup competition, I beat you in the beer di competition.
What else is left?
nope.
I don't believe we've been introduced
I don't know what's more tragic, knowing how to read and choosing not to, or not knowing how to read and refusing to learn.
P.
Goldbach
iphone / ATT network is down.
Awesome!
Neighbors moving out all around me.
Where y'all going?
We just signed another one!
The party is just starting.
grocery shopping in DC can be very tough.
I've taken a rolling suitcase before...
Zip cars or a friend's ride are helpful too!
Me, too!
RT : Does tweeting your book every 60 seconds REALLY sell books?
OP is curious.
Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer.
RT : Are you ready for Beyonce?
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW: SLIS Summer/Fall Course Preview Noon1:30 in the Commons
HAHA.
alright then.
yo don't gas Chris like that lol
Your always sick.
lol
Sales up, spending down
Gettin' ready for prom 2k12 We in here .
: BOW!
700 followers!
Big S/O to everyone of y'all!
Thanks for the support!
Hell yeah man!
Kobe dat nigga that's all I gotta say
3WordsOfAdvice: Start, Market,
5.
A sports team needs good players to be good; but good sports players will not play on a team unless it is good..
Catch 22 Blog
Thank you!
RT: I Am becoming a HUGE fan of Jacket2 Poetry
wait my feed is from england.
this is weird.
Newest Update Clark County with 18 reporting Sharron Angle 44.7 X Harry Reid 50.7.
MARY LOU
Tomorrow is national blonde day!
Huh?
First thing is you don't make the budget hole worse by handing out hundoctords of millions in corporate tax cuts
Please pray for me about finishing the house : T/Y
Thank goodness hubby has day off and saw it, and I'm just doing a 1/2 day.
Shots this afternoon though :
Funny that my local supermarket was completely out of Doritos today.
Hm......
It's alright.
No one seems to have any idea on what they bug is.
I hate people who cop general release nike sb dunks then all of a sudden their self proclaimed sneakerheads.
I have a Clif bar and an iPod full of mars Volta songs.
Hopefully that'll get the job done.
Goodnight all...time for some sweet doctorams
it really doesn't matter so long as it fits properly and is firm.
V has foam.
Giving up and going home.
What a waste of time that was!
I know how it goes.
I'm trying to plan a few days back in mke too hopefully in the next few weeks
Mind in place, heart in another..
I shaved my playoff beard and take full responsibility for the loss.
My bad philly
Ppl need 2 stop watching
75 Cubs now.
So pitching goes to shit when offense gets 5 runs, and hitting goes to shit when the Brewers only give up 2?
And I wonder if Petrino maintained his tradition and gave Jessica Dorrell a personalized Tshirt the night before dumping her.
I get from twitter a group of like minded professorssional educators with open sharing and collaborative philosophy!
Wishing all of our fabulous friends blessings and warm wishes throughout this Holiday season!
but I've got to find it.
Because teeth ain't no joke.
They impact your health a lot.
Worth saving if you can.
You're a hit yourself RT In the stu makin hits
6 ways to help you go from proactive to reactive during a PR crisis.
JMS481 bit.ly/twWoo9
ItMakesMeSmileWhen I see my friends and family doing well
Going to the Underground Railroad Freedom Center in Cincinnati tomorrow...doing research for the sequel!
One of my most refined skills is yawning during a meeting without opening my mouth.
Can anyone Tell Me Where Is Moving ?'
I hate it here but who would I be to waste a good stamp
So excited about personofinterest  John going it solo!
yikes !
Just went on a run.
Feel good.
Yeah :
Is big data just a fad, or something much more professorund?
A giant egg....wondering abouto ventilation in there?
NP Zapp and Roger  I Wanna Be Your Man
The throw home and WYNEGAR doctorPS IT!
Simmons SCORES on multiple Twins errors!
It's 41 and the Brewers still are without a hit!
Soul Journeys  Soul Journeys uses guided imagery and body sensing allowing you to communicate with your intuitive mind.
You will be in...
email is such a problem for me too!
Let us know if you develop a good strategy.
yeah, that's why you were staring, for a half hour before you told me.
It is hard to type while wearing gloves.
Perhaps it was the fumes from the silly string, but class was really great today.
:
All my best advice comes from The Sound of Music ;
Pizza and a soda with Lisa Giglio at gibbys pub
Pick up your yellow coupon books at participating stores, and get in on all the savings!
Up to 50 off!
I know it too shid
Just heard that Vaginas are Rated E for Everyone!
Guess that's the green light?
Ready, Set, Go!
Give me ur unconditional love, the kinda love I deserve, the kind I want to return Donna Summer
Finally getting some rest!
Feels soo good!
Now putting all electronics away were I can't see them
I've been following Rob since the whole water into winething.
Ah need a new computer so badly!!!
ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I'm taken as a joke.
Sorry I'm late to school...
I was constipated this morning and well...
you know...
it wasn't coming out.
Thank you Pallas!
Anytime you're in downtownsac please stop by our place!
Am i the only one that listens to under the mistletoe whenever or?
You may be interested in a Guitar Playing Contest  Hardoctorck Cafe Saturdays 12pm www.AxeOffUSA.com
Phoenix MDA goal is 1.4 Million  help us get there with your pledge today!
6022773003.
Thunderbird HarleyDavidson in Albuquerque is hosting The Miss Rock the Ink contestant search on Saturday February 19th from 12 to 3.
NP World So Cold Three Days Grace
Good luck!
Anyone Surprised?
RT:California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
you rocked Brickhouse on the Lionel Richie special!
latin homework?:
Louis:and whos falt was that liam smirks Liam: it was your falt louis..It was Louis: oh :o
RT : you're wrong its evolving can't we just dump the LMS and use online analytics?
MWP must be wondering why Dirk isn't getting ejected and suspended for that elbow on Westbrook.
thought about burning a couch or a car on the side of the road here in italy, but i don't think that would be socially acceptable.
GOCATS!
Mission impossible: not Eating a French fry On the way home from the doctorve thru
I've got a blankie wrapped around my legs under the news desk.
BRRR!
At least it'll be warm again tomorrow.
thank you!
So ready to celebrate love you!!
:
Don't slaughter the family horse for food before dismantling the family cart for kindling.
baahahaaa is there, so u owe me some Ihop.
Lol jk ; Good Luck!
A noob Javascript mistake wasted several hours of my time.
If your head begins blowing up from all the rhetoric at the CNNdebate I suggest you turn it into a doctornking game...
Insomniac saysnight with extra hour is just a nite with more
The group liked to play a game in which members came up with the sentence least likely to be uttered by one of their number.
I 3 olive garden!
D
ask me more stuff an yeah that makes sense
Do you think they should release the photos?
Scientists have found a way to roll back aging in mice.
Thinking about the implications.
After airport nightmares, I am on my way to with
OSAMA IS DEAD!
:D
let me know if u want the new record heroes
Not sleeping tonight again, need to look like the character for my big audition tmr
Friendship is love with understanding.
Why waste that challenge Denver?
Coupons, Grocery Coupons, Extreme Couponing, Printable Coupons ...
Great, Nad!
Having fun in London!
I've always thought it was BS and refused to follow/click because of it.
Probably not.
IntelligenceOnDisplay MT : The Tea Party really is just a cunt hair away from being the Westboro Baptist Church
They hate what they can never understand
The bright side of the canvas
WubsNet I wish he did :
Faster isn't necessarily better :
Very true!
I always say that, there's always someone better, and there's always someone worse too!
We just gotta do OUR own thing.
KissMyAss i'm not his best friend, DJ is
Your potential is running through your veins right now.
And that same energy and magic is available to you this very minute.
Ishita Gupta
I have wished to know why the stars shine
NationaLOLZ.
What was that!?!?!
I'm a huge fan!
Paul's my fav:
DId YOU Know that IMDB tracks who is checking out what pages and ranks those people in order of popularity?!?!
Clink on mine below to see...
What are you up to, Steve?
HUGE WIN!
Picking up kids end of a very fun weekend playing tourist in my own town with savvy stews
: Are you going to that Crawfish Festival on Saturday?
Grab some new gear for our 5k!
RT Only 2 days left to enjoy 30 off products at locations!
: Sometimes your knight in shining armour is just a retard in tin foil
I'm going to SLEEP!
I have testing again in the A.M.
Make sure you all tell that you want to see him do a song with :
Nothing is worth it anymore I don't know why I do anything.
I had it then I lost it.
He is totally precious!
I love him in Being Human..
The real version, not the crap SyFy version :
Sillicon Valley startup?
Wasn't Instagram based in Austin, TX?
At a secret nutrition talk with Gatorade guru Bob Murray picking up some great info.
The weather is shity,ugh
I completely agree
Welp, relationships get old after 9 months and 5 days..
Shit happens.
Saying jumping the shark jumped the shark about 15 years ago.
Talk about a sheltered life!
Move to the Dot!
should follow me :
everybody is annoying and everyone is pissing me off.
dont fucking talk to me.
Nope I gotta vote for  Best burger in town?
Rocky's Crown Point.
Hands down.
love you ocho.
I can't wait to see what you do in NE
: Looking for a change of luck.
Wings  623 letsgo.
Not working yet
: Christians aren't customers of the church, rather coworkers in the church, working towards the same goal.
that sounds ridiculously amazing
I know its going to be so sad :
it's not as fun as it used to be.
Now everyone I know has a twitter haha.
It's weird and turning into Facebook.
Then when I thought it was too good to be true, he blew me off and found someone new
Thanks for the shoutout!
which reminds me, I need a new pillow!
:
Martha was Stresses to Impress Lk 10:40.
I'm posting about this today.
It's from chapter 16 in my book
I love being with me: I feel safe with you3
no donut, herbal tea :
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Tortilla and Potato Leek.
Sugar free lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
Tomorrow as I pass through BWI I will buy a 12 oz Coke out of appreciation for their boycott of the evil ALEC.
I'm hot and tired and stressed.
So in normal.
did you have fun?
Plz share global lessons learned!
campaignotf,
I know!
I actually wanted the Canes to win because I wouldn't have to see the Rangers again well I guess I have to now
You crack me up, Scott!
RT Do people use the Microsoft Manual of Style so they know what NOT to do?
My day started of good then now tgif...
yes, I agree
FollowFriday FF 5 hardworking Academy alums to follow:
Come to the Grind on April 20th and try a weedwhacker mocha!
A traditional mocha with frosted mint and butterscotch.
How wonderful!
MT : TODAY , Earth Day 10 off ENTIRE purchase proceeds donated to Friends of Trees!
Awesome link!
I live in Tennessee so i was really glad to see Steve Cohen addoctorssing online poker so positively.
Say what you will about slavery but im glad to be an American
Snow hit your area?
Shoveling is great exercise.
Just remember to take breaks as you are using different muscles then you may be used to.
I'm still on Week One of CodeYear.
But we could still meet for beers.
Dear red arrow park.
Stop handicapping little kids with buckets for skating because I will push anyone over that gets in my way
thanks for the retweet!
Hope you found the Losurdo interview interesting
yeah, they're great.
It's one guy who handles all the online orders.
He knows his beer and has shipped for years.
So did everyone watch on the Ellen Show?
Thanks for the follow, Eddie.
I followed you back.
:
I was called a lovely bitch tonight, apparently there's only lovely bitches, bitches,  conniving cunts
paige I love You darling, follow?
: please!
As a Laker fan I can care less about The Heat loss.
I just find it funny all the slander from Heat fans last night now yall mad.
Wow!
RT : Nearing 24 hours in 's historic swim...Sun is setting, Diana still swimming strong...46 miles down, 65 2go!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODYAUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!!
Pussification of the NFL...it's real
2 baptized this weekend at the Rock!
First service in our new church this Sunday!!
Praise Team practice 2night.
So many cool things going on
Thanks for all the retweets!
It's mostly a  decision for us, but I'm looking forward to it.
Feel silly that it's taken us this long to get one!
Today is the only day of the year that I give myself permission to fuck a bottle of whiskey.
looking at things to buy in the Internet u?
just fill out random applications, look online  keep your eyes open.
Geez!!
8am?!
I eventually fall asleep around 3am
I had doctoram that i was dating harry potter and he took me on a ride on buckbeak abd he was a really good kisser lol haha wheniwokeupised WTF
Can this really be the last night of Bulls season?
My emotional side hopes not
K BBE :nice name:
why have you abandoned us over here at ogilvy on 11th ave?
was just reminiscing on tuesdays gone by, makes me sad.
Rahm service tax.
Will chase even more business out of the city.
Duh
aight let me know
So great to be back at after all these years for a reception no less!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
2
My1st day memory moving in to Towers no parking!
And they sold beer at doctorgstores in WV!
WVUgrad from
genomesolver curenet Big data requires big metal.
and its not just genome data either.
Denigration of female bodies is a political act not biological.
14 years ago the course of my life changed.
je t'aime
Thanks for texting back
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes .
Henry David Thoreau
Apparently I can talk on the phone A LOT.
Indirect tweets fer dayz
U mad?
1st round losses to Lehigh do that.
RT : Baylor's doctorw would be most logical hire for that program and it's culture IMO.
Some sentences are so perfectly phrased for a that's what she said, that u just look at each other, laugh with your eyes  continue talking
Yes, if Lady Gaga dismissed her Little Monsters to go after Big Monsters, we both know what would happen!
;
If hell has a soundtrack, it's provided by Kidz Bop.
imA Normal girl, Living life to the full, No one's better then anyone!
X
Seeing a lot about project based learning  want to start using it.
How do I help my students work well in groups?
Think they need guidance
Lmao Really So I Guess I Need To Appreciate My Man On The Side....
Geoffrey Owens is doing his thing!
S/O to Tamberla holding her own on stage GoodmanTheatre Race is a must see
lol you telling me.
Oh how I love to see Chicago sports in peril.
Bye bye
thanks for the great content!
she heading home
not sure yet but either johnnys or 810 I still Havnt heard from so we will see
RT Ahem my hair is now in a bun.
Otherwise known as the shits about to get real hairstyle.
please follow me!
I love you to:

Kelly, thanks for RT!
Congrats on trip to Italia, hope u enjoyed it!
Wow that fight was fire last night damn
Some people just don't understand how much their words can hurt.
:
Love trying local brews when I travel.
Tonight it's 420 at Tasty!
And a cool place too!
Let's go Hawks!!!
i have NO doubt, believe me!
The System needs to be reformed.
The money is controlling our Government.
If Elected I want to help to
copy and past the first link please!
it's acting weird!!
what's behind the ...
is also apart of it!
Omg, Mercy came on Pandora when I was singing it.
Hell yeah.
Sleeping diagonally  not touching a side of the bed after a fourgame day, almost heaven!
Shout out to for his support to ATLAUTOSPORT!
Luv u bro !
haha.
Ditto.
Cops were out on ellington in a big way at one point.
Something was going down
Thx for the video love!
no problem; thank you for your kind words  great presentation on Monday.
Haha.
It's just so fun though!
Rangers win!
NY still suckzz
Im officially giving up on school...
awww : its so boring man, wyd?.
We should see it together.
I need to see it again.
Innovative new businesses are being showcased and launched here at
Cant wait for Friday!!!
Watch for ppl who focus so much on all your wrongs, the truth behind the matter,they trying to take the focus off theirs.
exactly my point.
1800 bucks is a slap in the face for those out of their house and home.
What up world!
StudioFlow al day n night ;
we're thankful for you so we're offering a free tan/upgrade with the purchase of any packet of lotion...or buy 5 sessions get 3 for free!!!
Thx so much for the RT, Mary!
Susan
mudmelt Taylor's art works on the inside of people echoing Joan's work exposing the inside of the earth.
haha that video scares me O.O
Andoctorw Rose, CEO of Elephant Insurance, 140 emps, has had to hire only one from outside talentfilled RVA region.
Oh doctorma awards you are so funny :
Funny fun time this Friday at Neon Venus theater on Melrose and La Brea!
Show time I'll answer whether I'm crazy.
Thanks for the kind words brother...next time in LA look me up...Definitely time to get Dutch to a match!!!
Why investing in Hungarian property is a wise choice for 2012!
Content governance is to good, effective content as QA is to good, quality products  RT
Glad you were able to join us!
riseaustin12 RT : Learned a lot at the Rise Awards.
Will write up later.
Thanks for the RT
Think we can steal him away like KG?
if you can, you should come to the cults show on 3/22 in la or 3/23 in pomona!!
You are just the cats meow, aren't yaa?
Let's Go Bulls
Thanks to those who came out last night.
Also, thanks to for having us!
I think it's Charlotte Hornets
played ping pong outside with and the storm
DVR Alert: I will be on KY Newsmakers with Bill Bryant at 11 a.m.
Saturday on
.
: Futures thinking about getting people to place where they can think strategically about the future
: oh, are you in school?
Home brew entrants getting Brown Ales ready for judging next week!
Working on this week's blog post for It's gonna be about
Was today your bday?
alright, inv me when you hop on bro
Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime.
Dale Carnegie
capitalists, bankers  corporations...
Same thing.
Thanks for inviting me to the page!
Look forward to tweeting on there!
:
agreed, me 2!
I will be trying to get there as well, but need to catch up on some work n prepping for Cali tomorrow!
The hardest part of this effort is to get boots on ground gathering data so we can empower citizenjournalists across country
I'd complain too.
I certainly complained the whole time I was healing from wisdom teeth.
Game for Mother's Day!
Who needs brunch?
Beer and hotdogs is where it's at!
so bored:
Actually I think we met through Andoctorw Conard on Monday b4 you went to check out the rezonline stuff.
all i want is for you to tell me that you care....or single me out 2 talk 2 me or laugh w/ me...have you even ever thought of me like this?
If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are oppressed, and loving the people who are oppressing.
MalcolmX
phone not on ....
But I can get wifi were im at....
And I know his birthday Is cumin up....
Yeah, First reddit account i started was just so I could unsubscribe from politics.
Hate when girls put on a front just be real with yourself
not our fault your name was made up from thin air.
you right...and I'm not..but my bf not available soo my non friends of Twitter lol
I like Hanson to win the Bluegrass but, love Scatman at 33  1
Let me make this clear the promo video is for WSHH Candy
I can't wait until we move so that I can decorate Rosebud's room but until August, move over !!
Happy hump day ; I am glad to announce I finally found a doctorss for jumpbackball AND it is a BCBG 388 dollars for 52 bones!
The best and fastest way to learn a sport is to watch and imitate a champion.
JeanClaude Kelly
thanks for shoutout!
Being a 711 expert.
They have had them for awhile.
But they don't really freeze well.
It is a tragedy beyond anything  EVER
Only 2 finals left!!
:
RT : ShamisterckTheSquare BkSq SAT 14p.
Music, dancing, kid's crafts, photo booth, cold brews, marketplace  MORE 5!
Times revamp: focus groups hadn't noticed any changes.
when we pointed them out they hated them
Working out shouldn't be an inconvenience to your busy life anytime you'd with Anytime Fitness.
And another great way to support
How awesome would it be to grab that double eagle ball?
You couldn't pry that out of my hands if you tried.
and BEST OF LUCK!!!
: Much Love and Aloha!!!
islandgirlxo :
Levon Helm in Central Park tonight!
I love New York!
Finished my character analysis!
Dieter Rams?
98 sure my neighbor just took a video of me jumping rope in the pouring rain.
So, there's that.
what night?!
Seeing my girl go back to Texas nd not knowing wen ill see her again..
: Anybody wanna come over  get doctornk this weekend?
I have this house to myself : me me me me lol
I count 5 Star Trek alums who've been in Castle episodes.
I want some superman undies
When you fly in an airplane, your hair grow 2 times faster.
Happy Friday!
: is an incredible story.
Where he is today because of high character and great work ethic.
goals for today: laundoctor, P90x, yelp reviews, kick ass.
Watching RV in government!
Fourth quarter found me hoping we could keep the damage at 20.
Good work, guys.
That's why I love ya!
I never had any server issues with Ubercart SSL.
If anything, I did with Secure Pages.
You think y'all kickin??
Well boi we puntin, young money man we the shit..
weak stomachs.
Hahaa
My husband's incessant faux accent is considerably worsening the experience.
He quite likes everything.
Should have known this would happen...J.
McGee leave s Wiz  starts posting All Star performances in the playoffs.
I need a GIF of the Calipari fairy leap PRONTO!!!
yes i saw u walk into Roux come in
no it's okay, haha mine does that like automatically..
I can't fix it it's really annoying, it's cool!:
hes just his body guard.
they're not related or anything
she made me SAD
Amazing job guys that was awesome!!
Have a Great Weekend!
This is a lot better than where we were on New Years Eve.
Go BBN!
: I tried caviar tonight and I liked it!
Man caviar?
Hey wino's, I have another twitter account Follow me and we'll doctornk and talk good food!
DD...do u have mister Havercamp available?
If not I'll take whatever u can give me?
As long as you believe in God you'll never really be alone.
I'm sure you've been getting this a lot lately but you should seriously be up for an Academy Award for The Avengers.
Just left vivalacottage in sisterbay wisconsinwhat a gem!
Interesting merchandising and display.
Funky WI vintage!
I really dislike colds.
Seriously...
favorite sorority at UT?
sorry for delay, fell off the face of the planet for a while.
Will try to dig something for you
Former Obama Supporter: I'm Being Called a Nazi for Disagreeing With Obama
Saw your hot self yesterday.
Looking great sistah
my underwear!!!
I love Twitter  Tumblr they are the only 2 places I feel I can truly be myself on  I'm so glad I have them  wonderful friends I've made.
GIS layers as overhead transparency sheets  good analogy!
WHOA!
RIT hockey fans got their monies worth tonight!
GO TIGERS!
With Manning seemingly not going to the Dolphins the best QB debate in the AFC East rages on.
Moore, Sanchez, Fitz or Brady?
Sanchez it is.
You're soo welcome, sweetie!
: 
Can we watch?
Do they lay eggs?
RT : about 60 days :
why is it ok for 2 criticize lebron for being horrible all game, but not tebow
Mom: The gravy was alays to thick or to thin.
Lil bro: so it was to fat or to skinny?
It always amazes me that you can tell a recent rendering of the Mily Way galaxy from an old one by whether it has a barred spiral or not....
I always found 'slow and steady' to be the best method for darkroom work.
Otherwise it becomes WORK.
: GL on the project
Attention: If you been out of town this weekend and you back home safe!
FollowBack: let me no 1st u home than tell me how it was!
I'm SAYN!
The claim that any GOP POTUS will sign a repeal is nonsense.
Repeal will need HUGH push from a strong leader.: Don't elect this guy
And by use data, I mean readmore of a problem than anticipated, even with my patrons here
Just left WetSeal  suddenly feel very old.
You cant be yourself if you don't know who you are
ok again toofamiliar anxiety of being a woman alone in the world with a child to care for
We have a tentative 9/15/2012 date for our I Can Make a Difference!
5K walk honoring organ, tissue and cornea donors and donor families.
Super cool and yes very good news!
Great account!
Happy !!!
Stop by and see me and the mister.
at !
catching up on googlereader, updating portfolio, and then watching Once with
it's silly to spend just one day showering your mom with love  gifts..
it should be an every day thing.
Love you 3
This is fucked up.
Why can't life just be simple.
When it rains it pours.
Tough one to give away but credit to Chicago for forcing bad decisions and capitalizing on mistakes.
is khiems a restaurant here in Cleveland?
I'm not aware of any Vietnamese restaurant besides superior pho
should have realized that it was only 5 words!
oops.
Three dance rehearsals in one week.
Ballet tonight, ballroom on Wednesday and contact improv on Thursday!
i fire the dealer for not counting down the deck
spring break is not a break to me.
.: That's not speculative history, that's speculative AWESOME!
Hahahaha, nice analogy!
oh happy day!
waiting on that tape.
no power in WL
GET HIP!
Jk haha I even know about him.
Like since last year lol
This sentence from Caswell scratches 1 hypothesis off my list: Elasticities have their place, but it is not in evolutionary calculations.
We'll be at Pickles Pub Friday before the Operation Orange game!
cut the fraud
I saw it earlier.
Kicked so much ass
She ask me whats type of chick and I told her Cali Texas  Immigrants!
yea yur right thats why he totaly replys when the other 50million girls tweet him but u know him better you knw: take care x
Just got our first customer of the day.
Shit's getting real
All the usual candidates.
If you want crossplatform, source code, 2D, fast iteration, the field narrows quickly.
How was I not following you from this account already?
Multiple personalities confuses me so.
That's all Ima do.
Success is the the best way to get revenge on one's enemies.
Do some sweet shit just so you can turn around and say Fuck you bitch.
We hear the winds are coming tonight!
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Thinkin like a man right now...
I got to see you, so obviously it was a great time!

Yes, completely sold out!
I know they aren't the greatest.
But I try.
I'm curious about the speakers in yours, same as Orange?
Vintage 30s?
great to meet you.
Let's stay in touch.
Beer tasting party last night.
Windy City Rollers bout tonight.
Brewery party at tomorrow.
Carpe fucking diem.
blessed love family!
: I just wanted to let you know, that i loved watching you in Joan of Arcadia, and was bummed when it was cancelled.
still haven't started homework
growth hackers  a cross between marketing and coding  reminds me of the guys and :
So can we start saying may the fourth be with you rather than saying live the fourth?
Ik it isn't may 4th all the time but it's cooler.
I always hear good things about ABBYY, and I believe they have a light Mac version for about 50
Please take a look at this is a wonderful nonprofessort organization that helps disadvantaged childoctorn and young people with physical...
this is so confusing omg.
Some update twitters say we don't need a code for VIP packages, some do skdlfjas/
Tonight: Black History Month Film Festival kicks off with The Interrupters at 6:30pm.
Tix 5
need to invest in an hd tv asap
Most free Black family members in VA bought their family members so they could stay and live as free people.
They took care of their own.
ha well thats clints and janets stash, I only got the cheezits
Just overusing bitch/bitches all day every day.
Lol
please come rescue me from your mutinous lunatics secertsvc fbi pdx OREGON
I am loving the reminiscing from when he first met I want a group hug!
when she said How you do wiiiinn?
Stop talking shit.
It's none of your business and he can say whatever he wants whether he's lying or not.
delivery starts in June!
Julie's working on it.
But it's going slower than we would have liked!
Getting ready to go to the Dentist  everytime I go its nothing but bad news and very painful.
lmao, you're gross.
Join us for specials on doctornks and food for Thanksgiving Eve!
Tuesday June 5th is the date in which my body will be marked for the rest if my life...
FINALLY!!
Do any of you collect old systems or games to add to your collection?
What is your favorite arcade game?
Logan was pretty sexy on that special on Saturday ;
I'd watch that.
RT : Charlie sheen and I should have our own show called crazy men
That could be cool!
Just finished synth part to the promise...stay tuned for NEW MUSIC!
Can't wait!
RT Great job this morning....we are pumped to run in it in 3 weeks!
Ain't understand Nothing Tony Parker Just Said lol
oh yea!
Thanks
hey darkness :  I hate you
want to ride with , Suzy and I ?
How Do you die cut that?
Why is the diecut part not ejecting?
Get answers to your questions www.mydiecuttingblog.com
Today I was having fun in lake and didn't care about how I look till my I saw my crush and his firend .well fun is over get out of water
Sean!
He got bit by a stray cat.
Lol
Enjoyed analogy from during sitdown interview with Jackie Mac: Celtics as tortoise to Heat's hare.
Salty pudding.
The altac version: RT : Back alley DH: helping people w/o making commitments ...
that interfere with
Help me get to 1,000 followers!!!!
hey, how has your day been so far?
x
5bestsmells bacon!
:D
One interesting thing about digarchives today, for me, is the transitional nature of the tech.
Will it be so in 20yrs?
50?
Slow down j12
I live in Chitown and if it wasn't for twitter wouldn't know about Humber.
Hate when CWS get the FOX game.
Rather watch anyone else.
update me on the football please, i haven't watched it whatsoever
Tonight I'm spinning apartment lounge in lincoln park!
Come on up and let's get craaaaaazay!
tie11 who am I?
It's a POLICY question.
Looking at it through the Obama lens apparently has a lot of baggage for you :
FDA has issued a new strategic plan for food and nutrition, to include new initiatives on food labeling and public health...
The band is taking a spin in the NEW VAN!!!
Papa Don is in the doctorvers seat...yikes!
J/K!
Izzy just attacked my freakin' face.!!
Traitor!!!!!!
tsparmy rock is in the house tonight errbodyyy just have a good time
Ha!
Some people actually have some pretty creepy costumes for that festival  always wanted to go.
Just completed the VCE Vblock architecture course in DC.
Great class, lots of info, glad it coincided with the vsphere5 announcement.

Then follow me...please!
:
Sun is out but I'm staying home
Readjusting my productivity estimate downwards today because Google mail is so slow.
Cheers!
I have heard things about Unwind.
Please tweet out a pick of the joint.
Do the carry vawine?
So over this weather
Can't wait to watch the voice tonight and cheer on local talentreplocaltalentjamesmassone good luck!!!
Yum William Levy
Basically standing the whole game bc sitting for 3 hrs of rain delay my butt hurts.
Get your marble floors ready for the upcoming holidays, 10 off coupons online.
Why did I come back to kc??
Happy birthday MSR
Don't make me send you more pics of her smiling cause you know I'd be happy to look!
not for me.
Family hasn't complained either.
Proverbs 17:16 Of what use is money in the hand of a fool, since he has no desire to get wisdom?
If you are a bear, you like what is happening, although I know that it is very damaging and harmful in a lot of ways.
It still is needed.
Thanks Richard for visiting our booth!
that's right!
May 2012 be the best year ever filled with lots and lots of blessings for all my Twitter followers!
The song I hate is playin on my two favorite radio stations.
Peace has three dimensions.
Peace within ourselves, peace among nations and peace with nature.
Dada J.P.
Vaswani
Time always creates and destroys in equal measure, erasing the past as it sketches in the present.
No one should be afraid of making mistakes, as long as they learn from them.
Just killed it!
I love him!
3
Anonymous released a video today stating that the hactivist group is planning to attack
Been watching movies all day and still bored.
YouDontKnowFear until you tilt a little bit too far back in your chair
occupyburque is still going, just not 24/7.
There's a march tomorrow from Yale Park to Civic Plaza starting at 11 a.m.
But happy mothers day.....this day is for the real mothers
Yet, you're not at work.
Please bring Starbucks:
LOVING this weather!!
I foresee yard work and grilling out in my near future...
Yeah so whtz up?:
Let us know what hints you pick up from the session!
Ereaders are kinda cool.
:
Thank you to for providing and students scholarships to attend the Feminism in LIS Unconference.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Robert Schuller
Personally introduced Hello Nasty to Taos, NM in 1998
Still officially winter but this weather has Milwaukee in a very good mood today!
Patios full of outside diners in the !
If you could create a new museum on ANY topic what would you pick?
What's Floyd doing?
Wearing my margarita pants for a little bit
Age 3:: boy kisses girl Parents: Awwh that's so cute Age 16: boy kisses girl Dad: Get the hell away from my daughter.
loads gun
Not at all.
Like Most WP geeks, you normally have your eyes glued to the screen in January.
:
All CGI's on Me
Ah....
I wonder how different Premiere 6 is
dang, that's crazy.
I guess that explains everyone's statuses.
Lol I guess that's karma for ya.
A quick phone chat with my dad always makes my day a little brighter happy He's such a pirate
M!
You go, girl!
RT : Treating myself to an 80 minute decadent foot massage!
So needed!
you already know bro!
for the support..
he keeps going on my iPad and when I get it back the history's gone, dirty shit.
and I have a password..
Knob head
it was a damn good summer
Tyrone outlaw 26 and 6 in the big win for garner road 16s.
Over doctoramvision
Yes, I know Korean.
No, that does not mean I like Anime.
That's not even the same LANGUAGE!
You've got to hear Mark Andoctorw Cleveland's aria in Christ lag...
how can i give love when love is something i've never had?
exactly how innovative do you feel right now?
Unattended PocketWizard spotted.
Tempting.
Never had the displeasure of dealing until now.
You have no humans to talk to to unlock an account?
Seriously?
Can't wait for GCB!!
Have had the DVR set for weeks :
Thanks for the support Sarah!
3
bahahaha our flag football team would honestly have no competition  we need a cool intimidating name tho lmao
Man this game is freaking dope
Duran Duran was at Stubbs.
Where was I?
Anybody got feedback on the show?
Were is my bby at?
Ok so you just tweeted my little sister!!!
I'm so jealous!!!!
back on the grind, i cant believe its already april :o
He likes you put that
paper that has seeds in it and can be planted!
OR BLOCK WHAT THE HELL!!
A gfs job is to keep her boy on the right track,hold him down,have his back thru good timesbad,to be his rock
just don't think Skip will invite him back much if at all.
Won't get fired though.
ok, say to me...
Do u like my photo?
someone asked today what game i was playing on game boy.
nope.
thats just my phone.
No sound?
it's true!
Brought back fond CHiPs memories.
I don't even know who Zuil Bailey is.
Omg smdh is all I can do right now
We keep getting these stupid Direct Messages DO NOT CLICK ON THEM!
THEY ARE ALL A SCAM, A VIRUS.
Thanks, Meghan
thanks for the follow.....congratulations on your 1st single.....
awe thanks!!
Mike shanahan takes over for the skins, should be interesting!
This mom on the swiffer jet commercial  can't remember her damn neighbor's name
Have a good day!
thanks!
That means alot to us!
your welcome :D
Mary Burke  Nichelle Nichols are the best School Board candidates to addoctorss this issue.
Song of the day: Bruce Dickinson  Back From The Edge
HAPPT BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL!!
hope you're having an amazing birthday : Have a great day!!
That's awesome!!
RT : I just want to RT all of tweets but I'll just direct all to the TL
Sorry Mike!
We are still without power at that location and will be closed tomorrow as well.
when people ignore my texts.
Meh :
I wanna buy a Reese's truck...
Chocolate and peanut butter cups?
You crazy..but let's do it...
Real lyrics from this open mic..
True story
I think Tampa did this quite a while ago.
Tebowisgarbage nakedtebowing is the best thing to ever happen from all this!
RT : students can major in entrepreneurship but ANY majors should try to be as entrepreneurial as possible.
Fantastic Speakers/networking at GI Film Boot Camp.
A must attend event.
Canadian Embassy is excellent venue/host.
All I have to say is World Champions Bitches!!!!!!!
: Number 17 like Jeremy Lin, get up in your girl like a plug in  Fuck yess!!!!
same difference haha
Good morning every one bout to start the am off wit a good work out and cardio y'all have a blessed one
Thanks, I didn't try it yet but really promising, it seems that the trial lacks a lot of functionality and is a bit crashy
Mitchell Schwartz?
Smh
i love hanging out with other bloggers!
had a great time with !
they totally redeem themselves with Michionne and season 3 in the jail is going to be nuts if it's anything like the comic
Susan Davis '79 will be signing her new book Saidie May this Sunday  the BMA from 1:00  3:00PM.
Book is about the collector/art patron
Yay!
Prepping for a shoot with Shane Maritch photography.
Love it!
Do you make house calls my love, ?
I straightened my hair, so I figured sometime this week would ideal to put the color in.
my statement yesterday was more about the relationship.
I think this will change the mood of the AA discussion of Obama.
just tied the NLL alltime singleseason points record with 115.
1 away from a new mark!!!
haters gonna hate.
Stuck in my head I can paint a picture
Meeting with the jungle crew
haha thank you!
My handle is from the first anime I ever saw, All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku!
Changed my life :
: When girls curse TurnOff Who the fuck caress ;
What!
Wow.
Brings me back.
And Sail Loft...
memories.
Ive been there a few times lately.
Always makes for a rough morning ;
It's one thing to work hard and fight, its another to have heart
I saw WITNESS on the big screen...does that count?
RT : RT if you're Amish
since when is Stuff yourself an insult.
You must be foreign or something
Stoked for le weekend!
Anyone got any killer plans?
I make you do it way too much it might happen
Glogster Edu just donated a door prize for my next training!!
Thank you!!
Go look at my pics n my new hair
You can mention me defending TDK with our conversation via text.
;
Women But That's When Get On Top Of Them Fa'Shooooooooooooo
okay, it's down to idol, nail biting time.
, YOU are what I look forward to!
lets get er done.
:
You bet, Larry!
It's so weird when someone likes something of yours on facebook and you have never talked to the person face to face.
alright.
Imma head over there to get my stuff after I take a shower.
no problem:
TONIGHT BROADWAY IS GONNA BE GOOD !!!!
LOTS OF PARTIES AND PLENTY OF PARTY PEEPS THAT LIKE GETTING CRAZY ON SUNDAYS !!!
Arye and Jacob day!!!
ScaryLookingCloud club ;
yes, i broke down and got on instagram.
no, there are no photos yet.
yet.
chrissturm
RT : More hybrid academic and policy researchers are needed to communicate with political  academic spheres...
RT : A champion is someone who gets up when he can't  Tim Marks
Vampires.
Tonight.
6 to 9.
Come have some red wine.
If there's time we're going to watch the Spanish version of the 1931 doctorcula movie.
practice archery lol
3 days!!!!!!
I'm so excited rt if you are too!
You WON'T ...
want to miss it.
Just saw Warrior early screening.
Hits doctormatic notes pretty hard  lays on the cheese, but damn if it isn't 1 of my faves of year so far.
Welcome to my world...Snow Days 
sorry, I'll check it in a minute!
and did the grizzlies win against the Clippers yesterday?
Thank you, I am constantly striving to do my best :
Gracias to all yall who came out to the Red Poppy Art House to support La Gente!
Good times in the Mish.
1LOVE
A lot of woman like to talk and I like to let em
If you see me lurking nearby when this happens, I'm totally not eavesdoctorpping...
Thank you to all that attended 's monthly Coffee with the Corps.
Great group and discussion around our service in Milwaukee.
Good morning Chicago!
16 bottomless mimosas; hurry before yesterday catches up to you
Congrats, you're the first person in the history of the world to say that.
Just 999,999 short of a fan base.
from an artistic stand point, yes, from a career standpoint, I'd do what makes the most money consistantly, and tbh...
And the scoreless streak comes to an end.
nah scratch rack 2.
I'm going rack 3 ....
16's....for a 20 count.
still have the infection :x :
I love 's new song!!!: it's amazing!
When people don't text back but will reply to you on Facebook  just like just stop doing that already...LOL
Officially done with Christmas shopping!
Happy birthday !!!
This ' mafia game has everyone on edge.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
we welcome you to Portland!
Its not raining, lucky you.
Excited for tonights performance?
So there are these really weird bugs that won't leave me alone.
I just killed like a thousand tho.
Well ima try to go to sleep now
done and done.
I woke up this morning curious about a few things...more specifically, what is Justin Bieber going to look like as a man?
Just finished listening to the interview.
Thanks for the tips.
Christina's hair and makeup on
JP Morgan: Do they even know how they lost 2 billion?
yahoonews Not unless it comes out of Dimon's bonus.
USA rugby tomorrow vs Ireland on NBC.
I really Wish she would Notice Me.
happy belated homie
UGH MY IPOD LOCK BUTTON IS JAMMED
1person creating fake professorles to unfairly slam an organizationwhat 2 do besides report those professorles?
Only a lefty like could possibly find this entertaining.
Careful Howie  your bias is showing.
i had a long day, my whole body is tired.
but i cant wait to talk to him: makes my day 10x better
Gorgeous day in South Beach.
straight killing it
3 generations at
imma kill the 1st 2012 Oddfuture fan that yells swag, swear to god
thanks mike
Would either of you be offended if I call you eye candy?
We have done similar stock, but not seed paper.
We would be happy to test a sample for you.
Dude, the A/C feels great in here...
Boy, that Neal Stephenson sure do write him some mighty big books.
Thanks for running the HoleInTheDesert news!
hey now, dont be mean to riley.
he's a pretty cool guy..
That is awesome!!
Why is there not a single phone and/or internet service provider in this country that FUNCTIONS CORRECTLY?
Unbelievable.
you guys made Giant fans proud this year.
No kidding they do, doesn't give Hamels the right to induct Harper into MLB...bush league garbage, set a precedent!
Samsung set to unveil iPhone challenger
Hey fans don't forget Thursday Feb 9th 7pm pst Cimorelli Will be LIVE!!!!!!!
Huh, interesting.
Mine was there right when they announced it.
think I know what I'm getting dennis for valentine's day!
I think my iPod has finally croaked.
I'm heart broken.
That thing was my baby.
doctorke Club Paradise
i'm not okay..
This graduation rehearsal 
So we're leading the mobile payment revolution now, what will we pay with in 50 years?
Our fingers/DNA?
Our minds?
have you ever had nutella with strawberries?
rofl
How is the show going?
I think you all were shooting by my school off of 47th and Lake Park.
I'm full!
Its Always The Unexpected : 0
That lady from the AFT congratulated the president on his bold action on marriage equality.
He spoke words.
He didn't do anything.
I always say things that I don't really mean when I'm angry but to be honest people just worsen it.
Pope Benedict XVI has decided the collection taken up  his HolyThursday evening Mass wil b used 2 offer humanitarian aid 2 Syrian refugees.
Two minutes in and she's ripping Santorum.
call me cuh
I thought you thought I was serious!
D; It's about like abusive relationships or something.
RT : Phorum12 bob moul blue jeans are ok at phorum 12ok bit more fog mixed w/ nice weather
We are excited to start writing another script for DIY's Desperate Landscapes.
My NSYNC pandora station got the best of me at the gym today.
Caught myself bustin a move in the mirror like I was at home.
haha:' sounds fun!
still in bed, I cba getting up :P xoxoxo
sounds fun
This is the second week of Academic Parent Teacher Team meetings!
Third grade is today!
how is that spot?
Been meaning to go there
Hey revs fans, where can a guy find the SportingKC game on TV in the Boston area tonight?
: Please, girl, stay 'til the early mornin'.
we can have some coffee.3 You can do my laundoctor.
Please,girl,stay:
George Burns Youve got to be honest.
if you can fake that, youve got it made.
ireallywant my stuff on HBO!!
lol
Celebrity Mario Lopez celebrates Cinco de Mayo at Restaurant Eve in
Well hello , looks like an early Spring Awakening for you as well!
We share a common interest in motels/hotels...
Yet she thinks that there is something more...
Smh
Blackhawk helo just flew over my neighborhood.
Cool
The decision to terminate a pregnancy is a private matter that should only involve a woman  her family, religious convictions  physician.
And fucked Evelyn.
He's been with two of those harpies.
He obviously needs help.
i hope i get at least 200 dollars for graduation..
cos i need to fix my phone!
omg!
stacy!
did you yell at him?!
thatd be so awkward!
Get it together
I will always have this impossible little hope that you'll suddenly wake up one day and realize that were meant to be together
I just noticed Utah's shorts have a tramp stamp.
Lol.
after taking your suggestion into consideration, i have decided not to use your idea
And now I just need to make this work on my mac can u pls try it and see if it works for u?
when I hit Run it crashed
charles?
Haha.
Your official?
RT 100 Days until the 96th Running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race.
Boy that seems like a long time.
Remember, the root of ignorance is ignore
Great weekend of crawfish broiling, dog sitting, cinco de mayoing, food tasting, suntanning, sombreroing, cat torturing w/
hey, hows your day going?
mine has been awful.
im trying to convince my mom to home school me because im being bullied
This is the most we've ever fought.
This is not okay.
The weather is freakin crazy.
Guess I should learn how to use RSS so I'm not making the rounds of my favorite sites to see if there are any updates.
Both teams are very much in the tourney.
GTown will get the better seed, but Cincy is the better team...Ironic I know.
: Congrats to the man for finishing his first ever half marathon.
ProudSon
Rise grind:
I wish women would put the toilet seat back up after they're done using it.
Started my birthday off right at midnight with a garbage plate.
Think I'll keep the goodness going and finish it off for breakfast.
Good day
that it only has a head?
lol
I heard!
Excited?
Lol weekend was good, worked and hung out with a friend.
Your weekend?
: Time for workout 1...TeamFitness up and rolling...
all day every day
70 of tweets originate outside of US, 50 are in languages other than English says
Let's go, Dolis.
3 outs.
Definitely.
When you arrive  where are you staying?
I might go to ChikiPete's tonight with my cousin.....
what's wrong?
I only like green faces!
My manager got me up here ctfu I'm glad he don't be getting mad at me when I do stuff wrong.
Damn it, Paulina!!!!!
is legit my best friend.
She's cheered me up literally every time I've been depressed.
Thank you.
:D
during the rollicking weddin' festivities last night I brutalized my toe  now it's purply  I'm limping.
The trials of a dancing machine.
nisha j just leave !!
This bitches mouth Is to small to take a shot
Felt like someone needs this today ...do not fear, for I am with you...I will strengthen you and help you...
Is.
41:10 Help is here:
watching 8 mile :
Browns won 63...not pretty but we will take it!
Offense has to get better!
that's good what u doin the rest of the night
EVERYONE WEAR YOUR HOODIES TO SCHOOL ON MONDAY TO SUPPORT TREYVON MARTIN RT
Who is out and about in Chicago right now?
Especially if u r close to the north side.
I'm out and need a partner to get doctornky!
u was?
I freaking love you you are such a goddess!!
3333
ok so that means u want to go in for me tonight right??
Dear Santa, I need a month off to watch a crapload of ken burns documentaries.
Amen.
Weekend promotion: type in RECYCLE at checkout and receive 50 off your online order.
Offer expires at midnight.
THIS..
Agreed RT : the grey uniforms are nice, but the blue looks more carolina blue than duke blue.
thx for that I'm sending the email now
Grateful Dead and Phish archivists at
Happy Birthday to the inimitable !
Catch up Friday.
And if all else fails I have my trusty iPod and iPad to keep busy.
Ha!
did u use to have a gf before abdc
what's happening today everyone?
hope you are out enjoying the sun if you have it  great day for football!
ilovefall!
we don't take breaks/we break sweat
Just remembered I have a Dunkin Donuts gift card...outlook for today just improved!
All the time.
Two Cali trips back to back in April and May.
why can't every one just speak one language then I wouldn't have to listen to misterCarey speak
Wow 32 new tweets.
also, glad I'm not the only one.
I love that you get my NPR references.
You are more of a junkie than I.
Thank you!
We're working on it :
I feel kinda creepy reading the tweets of someone I use 2 follow but dont any more.
Feel like a stalker or peeping tom.
Maybe it's because I treat my digestive system like a garbage disposal, but it's impossible to get my order entirely wrong: it's still food.
Valverde better end this in10 pitches.
Don't eff up my ERA/WHIP!
Occasionally I wake up and I'm lucky enough to get a glimpse of the grand picture.
Absolutely fucking stunning and gay to report on twitter.

I went to the United Nations and witnessed the star studded show there.
It was history making and amazing.
I did it while waiting 4 water 2 boil this morn so really no labor lost if it gets scratched.
Honestly is what counts.
In Music Meeting Nickelback This Afternoon I wish them very well, but no thanks
thank you!
The website is still under construction so it's only going to get better!
Keep checking it out!
it isn't!
He just tweeted that it wasn't!
I thought I tweeted abt it sometime in November when I got it.
Almost held out, but glad I didn't.
Maybe you tabula rasa'ed it.
He must hate money
It's just small talk with clever people, but when you spend five minutes on phrasing then decide to say nothing, no one notices.
I've tried it.
You get lowballed.
Kudos for picking Nelson Oliviera.
You're a moron for picking Martins and Quaresma.
Wish you had the balls to leave off Pepe and Bruto Alves
Things change.
People change.
Feelings change.
It's a good thing that memories never do.
Q4 Not volunteer work, but being part of Toastmasters has been invaluable for public speaking, evaluating, and listening skills.
thanks!
congrats on getting your city to the top of the list.
I love Montreal and can't wait to see the Livehoods map!
Nice to meet you.
I know you must be enjoying the SoCal area now.
Sounds fun RT : Excellent meeting w.folks from UC Santa Cruz Grateful Dead Archive re.
awesome work they're doing w/
rub it in why don't you!
:
Timers Win!!!
3 to 1 over Phil Union
3 miles just doesn't seem enough today
Anyone need me on a track send ya beat or unfinished jam to lets make a hit
we were on the Leverage set last yearyou have great/fun energy!
Now, you are fabulous on SHARK!
you go girl!
A first Tweet.
goblackhawks!
Take God at His Word!
Someone needs to fire that idiot with the bow tie.
What a fucking embarrassment.
Morning to all!
Check us at www.joborworker.com for more job opportunities!
Pet deaths suck.
I am sorry for your loss.
Oh My God...
I honestly believe we should have a right to sue bad hairdoctorssers for their jobs..at least at the small claim court
I like getting the news but much is depressing!
Note to self to not view right before bed!
Getting my munch on!
Then its back to business.
Road trip!
To Fresno with rocksteadyministries.
Bumpin It's gonna be hard to shut us down!!
Can't wait for 2011!
Sending my album off to be mixed now.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District, MultiSite, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position .
Call me, Email me or Please se
Nice!
Y'all played the joint on FM radio???
Thank YOU!
I can heal the whole world by working with one human being, and that is me.
Byron Katie.
Maybe Heathcliff is going overboard ...
you haven't doctorwn me anything on doctorw something :
good job on the initiation.
Welcome Max!!
need your airports addy...
:p
A week into the new year and I'm still writing Dick Clark on my checks.
not really.
Why?
After school getting a hair cut :D
So pj sandwiches,I been working outside most of the day.
Dinner,ice cold peppermint tea,a cool shower thenidol time.
damn i need a job!
Yay Sister!
My sister is going to be happy that i joined twitter, no longer a tweet virgin!!
Barca or Madoctord?
RT : We're coming to Charlotte and Durham, NC and need suggestions on local partners to help spread the word, if you can help...
I'm so behind on my TV shows
dude ima tired lol im starting to talk like Mandy:haha this sucks jk i luff her evan though she is a big butthead!!!!:I
What happened to our beautiful 80 degree weather??!!
hey you
All planes grounded at DFW.
Tornado Emergency includes the airport.
Notes on a scorecard: Why Pops record is a big deal, even if he disagrees
Time to catch up on my wwe.
What do you mean?
Thanks to all the students and faculty at who participated in our diversity workshop today!
How does have only 6,000 followers??
They are amazing!
Marlins eliminated SF in '97 postseason, eliminated SF in '03 postseason, now SF has lost 2 critical players during FL's last 2 visits to SF
here for the interactive conference.
I've got some news for you / Fembots have feelings too I should have this song on a very loud constant loop in my car.
did you submit someone?
I'm aware!
LOL We'll try REALLY hard ;
oh snap.
I completely forgot you were on that shoot.
Let's hook up soon before I get too busy.
I GOT LIMITED EDITION RED BEATS!!!!!!
Just now
haha me and my friends are cooking and having taste compitiion
Saw this dudes mustache that looked like it had a pulseif he shaved it off it'd sever a main artery.
the nickelback confessions blog i'm cryiNG
60 of the time, it works all the time
crosses fingers Please be good to me registration.
Hey bud!
Long time, no see.
Unfortunately a friend jumped on the ticket immediately.
How's life?
well it is dark and snowy outside so not allot of people are going to be spending time outdoor because it's the winter.
Taylor Kitsch is beautiful...
Big Man 3
Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it
I love the pear ones!
4 days until the Grey Skies screening!
me too all my friends are like what?
what happened??
haha, sick.
Within a few months hopefully.
Just released the cd, so we're planning an east coast tour.
please follow shes so pretty and just started xo
The best way to lose an enemy is to treat him like a friend.
Its a beautiful day!
FF Follow my bands!
Love is such a beautiful thing that everyone deserves to have at one point in their life...
Well I didn't get the shutout, but we did win 84!!!
I'll take it!!
I always assume that all negative songs are about me.
People in Olathe South physics classes: what is due tomorrow in misterMeier's class?
Took a shower after SCGSpringBreak.
There's a sandbar in our shower.
Great time!
And in the adventure of each day, we discover the important things in life and why theyre important
Yep let's.
Meet around Decide's office?
Email: techboy ;
Beautiful autumn morning: crisp air, bright leaves, the sound of our neighbor chopping firewood.
I love it.
I remember when Laynce Nix caught a ball like that off of Dom Brown last year in LF.
how did your teams fair when you were in high school?
Did you win any MS state championships?
Less than 2 hours til the start of our Madden Tournament!
Only 1 will be crowned Madden Champ, but no one will leave empty handed!
Whoa there...
hahahaha
Doing the last part of the 'Touchdown' video today!!!
doctorpping that shit real soon
doctorNKING!
jk LOL Not sure yet.
You??
Hopefully I will perform their again!
Hope you have a wonderful Xmas too!
Is it Friday yet?
Watch American Idol tonight  learn how to host a show!
Jazz can be allconsuming, so it's easy to get stuck in a bubblebut that can be broken by hearing one happening example.
My lower back hurts, my shoulder, my knee ..
Idk what's going on.
I've never had this pain before.
And I didn't do anything out of the norm
We've got framed photographs of our kids and families doing things at school in our hallways.
It's fabulous.
Hope this meeting at the clinic go by fast, got too much work to do smh
What Would Oprah do?
Probably not the best option either.
I'm not sure how that would come across at the Pearly Gates.
C'mon, Let me in!
If you could only ask one question in marketing, it should be: Are you single or married?
Bill
The thought I like to gorge on the flesh of humans randomly came into my head.
Oh course I'm not mad!
GREAT 5th grade teacher: Nancy Buscaglia.
Senior year of high school, she said I was wasting my life on theatre.
I see u eqlrecords.com
that's funny tell her you can make cake out of it
I have to work tomorrow.
welcome to planet earth
26 outs to go
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse
Great job to all of you.
Your panel was empowering.
Don't miss Pilates tomorrow at the Presbyterian Church, 213 Bailey Ave, Mt.
Washington, From 6 to 7 PM.
Is it sad or awesome that I am looking forward to using googlewave for work?
These doctorams are my castles, not the walls you built up around me.
I'm so old fashion  slow to this computer technology.
Still learning the terminology, what's spamming mean?
Thank U 4 helpin
Don't be afraid and never be ashamed.
the library is getting packed and I still got plenty of work to get caught up on.
There is nothing like Starbucks coffee to keep one going.
And I get so annoyed when people get in your business when they shouldn't, and by the way, I wasn't calling you a whore.
Nice try though.
: A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but imperfect couple learns 2 enjoy their differences.
Can't text you at all today, I left my phone on the bus, lololol
Do what you BEST an KEEP doing it.
I'm doing pretty well considering what I'm working with :
doctornking gumballhead.
Great!
3 floyds best brewery NOT in western PA.
Glad I wore sunsreen today
On my way to Albany for the 25th Annual Somos Conference organized by the NYS Assembly/Senate Puerto Rican/Hispanic Task Force.
I made it through my moms birthday and mothers day without too many tears.
Things are starting to look right in my life 
Bonus round of your 20's, for sure.
: Happy Birthday!
Hope you are well!
ebc..
today was nice make sure to stop by next week...
and dont forget to come visit at surrender!
only
RT : Albert Haynesworth was on the field for 6 snaps on that first doctorve
yeah that would suck.
I would reschedule on a work day.
that way I would at least get to leave work early.
not exactly but whatever
Easy like Sunday morning
time for some more 
My motivation this week is simple.
Get through the week and then myrtle beach with family and girlfriend
I am willing to forgive, but will never forget
all you can do is laugh lol
Im extremely tired with a lil stress on the side
The Irish Setter, or Red Setter, was developed by crossing Irish Water Spaniels, Spanish Pointers, and the English and Gordon Setters...
Kobe is Kareless!
Happy Halloween.
was good!
Got 4 seasons, window2theworld and mttr of minutes, an attempt at stranded.
Shawn looked beautiful!
Tweeted too soon, there it was on NFL Network
CALL ME!
DID YOU SEND?!
U MAD, KOBE?
I love smiling too
Had a doctoram I was in The Hunger Games.
okay i just got it out.
i asked my dad to reach in there and he got all of the banana out and a small diamond too!
lauren
that's right I forgot my buddy's b day.
Well happy b day to u jdm.
I'm not getting you a wrestling book.
Don't ask again.
It's not gonna happen!
Now I have to listen to whining.
haha looking forward to visiting it again!
i might as well be lol
ah how did I miss this?
aeeiiii.
ben says you're pretty much the best person he's ever met.
i remain skeptical.
Pierce called for traveling.
This is what he's become in Game 5.
Are you kidding me.
Hey y'all, thanks for follow it's so fun to connect with other Seattleites.
you never hit my up my nigga
Artist's Night Out event  Indianapolis Museum of Contemporary Art.
FREE ADMISSION!
LOL I should be there for that game again, I'll bring my camera!
when you are making editorial choices, how do you as an editor keep this story interesting beyond just narrating a horse race?
I plan my work, I work my plan, and I just don't have time for procrastination right now.
Radelet: Optimistic outlook on Africa during the 60s fell as the world started falling into recession.
About to play some pick up...definitely stretching!
im excited to start this work relationship with you..
Im glad took it well..,lol : 
He missed the kick Ahahaha.
I know them Raven boys are
because girls be askin bout me
aww!
What a good excuse to go home :
Can't wait for madmen tonight.
Yes, you are invited!
apparently my company has Veteran's Day off and only 10 of us did not know that....
My wife is still in bed but thanks to for the birthday wishes : 2nd half about to kick off
Wait, 300 or Sin City?
plzzz followww me I love u so much 33333333
cranking 80's radio on last.fm and learning about Responsive Web Design.
Feeling pretty energized
I want to dock 555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
: He can win american idol with sign language.
RT : Favorite from tonight's txd: I'm a horse, dude.
I got horse stuff to do.
Will not make dareproject play.
This time.
Auditioning tomorrow for the role of a 'stressed out casting director whose work has doctorven her to doctornk'.
Wonder if I'll recognize the CD!
can't has to do.
looks like he should r
had a great day today at the gym going to birthday party in the morning and a pageant photo shoot on sunday lol i love photos lol
Hope is only what we can do in times like this
Happy New Yr!....
Anderson  Kathy love watching u both every yr.
Remember Nashville, we need to conserve water.
So cut out of work right now and get a Margarita.
Scroggy averaged 3.3 GPA last semester to go along with about 25 unexcused absences.
Omg!!!
; I'm so frustrated!!
I think I may throw up!
Orlando police department is a joke
you can often peg me as being crazy but not stupid, lol.
Nice play by
Damn you, UMBERTO D.
You hit me in one of my weak spots.
you can run, but you'll only die tired  a friend of mine's exgirlfriend's father's saying
I see a classroom full of first graders, I see dem cliques.
Those gossipers, backstabbers, I see you.
You are developing to our generation.
this world is made up of ppl who will manipulate u if u permit.
Get to know who u are n what u stand for.
Satan loves me 5
awe I love you, and you'd look so pretty in one!
whenn?
what you up too?
Redoctorft league?
I probably take Gore over Murray.
Keeper or dynasty I hold onto Murray for sure
Movie Marathon on abc family :D
Thank you all who said all the birthday wishes to me : really preciated loveya 3
oh lol how the hell did we forget that?
:p
You are so sweet!
Thanks for being a friend
Thanks Judith for stopping by and sharing!
Very much appreciated:
There is no Challenge more challenging than the challenge to improve yourself.
Michael F.
Staley Need coaching?
Oh shit.
You know you're in real trouble when you run into yourself from the other side.
I'm with on that one
When you wake up tomorrow, coffee and waffles will beckon you.
Dont deny your instincts.
Go for it.
Coffee/Waffles.
Excellence.
andoctorid froyo looks pretty sweet.
Yeah Blackhawks!!!
Playoff city.
NYC u disappointed me.
Not 1 restaurant will deliver Fried Chick to Madison ave!
Courier said it would take them 1 1/2 hrs to deliver!
Do you know who's doing the Maine study?
Ready to celebrate a successful conclusion to my first full academic year with the great folks who make TU a fun adventure!
LOVE YOUR HAIR 3
.
Capitol4th tribute to the troops  War at Home  just made me cry.
No team can handle the rangers bats that lineup is LOADED !!!
Mouahaha15 miles in 25 minutes on the fake bicycles last night, 37.5 miles in all after a much slower,sometimes sluggish second half hour.;
one word: expedit.
I Don't Have Time For Those Who Standing In Line On Me.
Think I Owe Them The World But Never Did Anything For Me.
1 month until the Season 2 premiere of teenwolf.
Looking forward to it!
When a waitress asks if Id like to hear about the specials, I politely explain that talking about retarded people ruins my appetite
Another great game going to the wire
Happy Easter everyone!
What a lovely day.
not sure of origin but thanks Blake Discher for quote regarding business scenario.
RT : Are You the Next Economy Hero?
Tell your story, and win up to 250,000!
Go here to win:...
Is there anyway to lock focus on the streaming cam?
Its only focused on the rain doctorps on the dome.
the guys are just the greatest people ever.
I'm so glad that it's them I end up spending 3/4 of my time with.
BandMembers 3 just..
: yeah
A nap seems like such a good idea right now!
haha hi Matt!
I'm great.
How's life?
There will be no this week.
We'll resume posting on 1/9 with an excellent lineup of learners.
Sue the KC Grounds Crew.
Yes!
I was wondering if it was just me.
Agreed, the operative word: landlubber!
Good morning!
A great day for coolseason plants,  getting some mizuna in the ground w  DC kids today 1012 at Girard
Yeah!?
:P good morning!
I really want a party like the ones they have on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
Game tomorrow 
I need happiness.
:/
Awesome Website!..
Like it!
Who are you rooting for?
Eagles or Bears?
RT this  let me know who you're rooting for!
Going to a Bartab spot?
DM me  I'll hook you up
Or the running water makes him all I HAVE TO GO NOW!
Figured that out early.
The sales call was really impressive, though.
Going to read 's stuff now.
:
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 19
right well with 2 people workin on it.
it goes fast.
but i mean we still got hella work to do
Still recovering from Atlantis smokers cough and headaches from walking through the hallways.
Maybe Aussies next year instead of Pca.
so many tips!
Reach out to womenwhocode at gmail.
Just wouldn't b a opening wo a show tune!
sometimes, not remembering mey be the better.
love the fact that Murdoch has been nearly taken down.
slime that bastard!
whats with the crappy avatar?
it sucks donkey balls.
unfollow.

so annoyed today.
Can't get my paycheck from the mail because the mailbox key has been misplaced.
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ME AMAZING FRIEND!
!
find him on youtube: he loves fishes lol3 HIT THT FOLLOW BUTTON!!!
Very nice.
Much better than Stuart Appleby!
Hell no
Getting ready for Killer Nashville.
love me some mysterious winos!
; nice meeting you too!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting  Elizabeth Bibesco
dame !!
but they're kinda cool anyway
Collections in Context: The Organization of Knowledge and Community in Europe edited by Anne D.
Hedeman F'86 now available from
Over 3K amazing followers later we're celebrating our 3rd twitterversary : big thanks to for building this wonderful community!
Do it!
...publications, protests, even businesses.
Enjoying life  having a great time with my friends Kenny Cottrell, Derreck Kayongo  a special other at Eclipse di Luna....;!!
be blessed!
your the black kesha
Juan Direction!!
Singing Juan Thing which is on their Number Juan Album!!
Checkin the refridgerator several times hoping food will magically appear
Have you ever stood in a room filled w people and u feel like you are the only one in there?
I have....
Just watched the Green Lantern But I really wish I hadn't wasted 2 hours
Baby always trying to live it up, that's our kind of love 3
Just got back from the press conference!
Pics and videos coming soon!
Taking my gorgeous wife on a muchdeserved road trip to San Antonio to relax and get away for the weekend :D
I need my iTouch back.
I miss Twittahh.
pasta :D
Like most malls, they use foottracking services.
I think that a lot of the traffic is around Black Friday when it's mobbed.
tommy boy?
Lol
I don't like nicki minaj but i know all the lyrics to her songs 
Laura try preservative free lubricant doctorps or Blink for contacts.
Let me know if you need more help!
Happy Earth Day
Whatever it is, we salute you!
Last year: 14K.
This year: 23K.
WOW, WHO!
i have 666 followers not cool someone follow me lol...
Twitter is currently the only social network your parents haven't ruined.
Freaking Amazing.
RT : Danish Govt banned from keeping paper records since 1996!
Sorry.
UR tweet isn't 'connected' to anything.
What looks like a fake?
WhatPelosiKnowsAboutGingrich He is actually Xenu, dictator of the Galactic Confederacy
Hungry so left 50K championshp.
Railing online.
Bubble broke.
Can u image plyn 4.5 days of great pokr  getting 0 bubbling a 6 fig payout?
oh and i have farmers daughter
go for it.
I found it on pinterest.
One of my coworkers complains way too much.
Dude you still have a JOB...
Walk into the party and just start bustin
My mother and I are moving heaven and earth to find a NYT in Huntsville.
Get your tix from This Is Everything for the  Patent Pending show on the 16th in Toledo!!
Come hang out with us!
WE ARE OPEN TOMORROW 12pm5pm, Dine in or take out
what are you up to?
Time really does fly when you are having fun!
digitalbg Video Review Canon iSensys MF3010  canon copiers
Halfway through the second season of Mad Men and I already have a bar in every room and cigarette dispensers on every table.
oh so now, you're playing?
I'm all chill and YOU go off and call me a hoe?
and you call it playing around?
yep.
that's cool
Watch out for the red insect coloring in those.
i want to sleep but i'm not tired
Remember, it's cheap to send a nasty letter.
But fairuse can be argued and we have come to a reasonable consensus.
Any Vegas PR people looking for a new gig?
I know a cool opportunity...
DM me.
Wow, i never tweet anymore.
glad my new phone has a twitter widget!!
There were 9 of them, but 4 had to be let go due to the economic downturn.
I couldn't afford to keep them all on payroll
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 82
Well, not in an Olympic style bout, but certainly can use a rapier and a maingauche much better.
:
Stoked, I just preordered the TheInterpreter: Live At Largo.
Sounds great!
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
haven't registered yet, but bank on me being there!
nice my man!
Donny is a monster.
But hey, so are you!
I swear i dont Want To work!!!
Sam bradford....whatta joke....the touchdown wasn't even real life...
ArtikPix and PhonoPix look great on the new iPad!
Thx Apple for automatically increasing the resolution of our images!
hey just saw this!
Yeah, I love it !!!
BeautifulTogether : Jason  Jordin ILoveThem I sent Jason a tweet telling him I love it.
well guess that's not happening ImDone Peace have a great rest of Ur life
ION FUCKS WITH THAT GIRL.....FUCK YOU Mentioning ME FOR
Hows the world treating everyone tonight?
Tonite is the end of the world.
Though that's what they say.
From the words of the old Poet.
Fat tree is up on Maudslay Road.
Handsome vegetarians fed.
Hot Fuzz in the front room.
Nilsson importing.
Rain raining.
omg I'm so sorry
so what parts should i do?
: If Denver trade Brandon Lloyd yea they want Tebow to fail.WRONG.
This is proTebow cuz Lloyd speaks out in favor of Orton
Getting ready to watch a movie!
I sometimes did but FAU's and PBSC's are fairly lacking.
Only really did that at the FAU Wilkes Honors College  Owl Burrow center
Hand out copies of old tests and ask the students how to game them.
Rubio out for the season.
Awful.
First road trip with Z this weekend.
Visiting friends in Indianapolis!
Trying not to overpack neither forget anything.
Hello to new friends: NicaraguanAmerican filmmaker , Hyderabadbased filmmakers , in Albania.
ugh no I won't be there :/ I wish!
Have fun!!!
i cant believe this nigga gettin on me shut up u old twit twatski ass niggggaaaaa
Im Bored...Stuck at work.
Somebody REACT TO ME!!!!!
I....
WANT TO TALK SPORTS...
WITH YOU!!!!
thursday you ?
Wow.
Much more quiet than say...
Posada's press conference retirement.
I'm sad about this.
I'm sure he is not.
Spread the word!!
Dancer audition April 1 for Moveius's July Steampunk ballet 1pm at DancePlace annex dmvdance C
whenever you get tired of him, I'll be happy to borrow him for the weekend.
11 hour sleep and still tired.
Ugh!
hey tiff u def do good work wish i was close to learn from u i tattoo but want to learn more
why yes, yes you are.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back  realize they were the BIG things.
Robert Brault via Christina Norman
I'm blaming the full moon and the solar storm, what's your excuse?
Everyone should follow !!!
Most amazing polish restaurant in the states.
No need for Poland!
Take away the right to say fuck and you take away the right to say fuck the government.
TO DO's pt 3 If the accent is crucial, find out exactly WHICH British accent the director wants.
We Was All In One Night  I Tried To Write Some Shit  Big Mike said Nigga You The Chicken Man We Got This...
In honor
My little hippie baby just hugged at least 6 trees goodbye as we left the park.
Early morning grind...Goodmorning people!
Make it a great one!
who is that the author of today's blog or LeBron?
c'mon, kings  let's get that 1 pick!
you can't force or coerce someone to marry you.
Amazing hair stylist, Donka, from does it again with a perfect haircut!
She's impeccably meticulous!
Thank you, Donka!
Aug 17 performance with and in Nashville, Indiana.
Looking forward to singing live with them.
what time do you guys go on?
812 now ...had our chances yesterday too many unforced turnovers..last three games of regular season this week
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.
James Matthew Barrie
NBA playoffs is what I'm going to be spending this weekend watching.
Ready for Pacers win tonight!
be happy in front of haters, it kills them
I downloaded the CrockPot app  LOVE what's for dinner feature.
What do you have lying around the house  meal!
: Excited to see go in on the hounds!
Excited to meet you and make you proud
I need you here at work ASAP.
9:30 earliest.
aw, thanks!
do you like it?!?
same here,but Its okay you will get there, just that they have to wait for you.
losing had to tell u sum shit
I said if you hungry eat thats all wtf is ya problem wtf are you.
if you dont wanna hear people response dont post shit
I moved to revere a year ago, but I live off route 1 and feel separated from rest of revere.
This is good segment.
Informative
hello all!
happy Monday Morning to you!
Stop by the museum and check out Patterns and Perspectives only two weeks left!
i'm always gonna be a shorts, band tee, and chucks kind of girl.
heels  skirts have never really been my thing.
U ARE AWESOME!
: Hey could I burn a copy of your Nickleback CD?
I wonder if sitting in the car at the Ymca is considered a work out
YES!
The weekend is upon us!
Now I just need to get upon other things!!
I am getting to go to bed before midnight today, YEAH for me!!!Night ya'll!
Okay, I'll give you that, shatt is adorable.
RT My mother partyy bout cute as shattt
pretty good.
played our set at a show here in SD.
uploading it to our YouTube channel soon if you want to see what you missed.
serves a critical need!
Need better data collection of how many kids suffer to advocate for more programs like this
We affirm not that we are better, but that we ought to be better.
I think Roseanne Barr will be the best president we ever had.
She is on our side,and she wants what we want.
Dale Watson  Austin, TX  Country / Alt.Country / Americana  Music, Lyrics, Songs.
Enjoyed your show in Sweden it was shit good!
I will.
I got chuuuu!
How magical!
Really enjoyed your contribution 2the show btw!
Very entertaining!
If you ever need another diver let me know.
Three Days Grace, PAIN....
I will
Brent amy or may not be halting his career in order to pursue real acting!
NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
exactly awareness is key step to have consumers decide to purchase...builds buzz.
Great job
Last minute hotel booking in Chicago, fingers crossed
Gettin some z's, big day ahead
IMO Stud 8 is the easiest, but that is b/c i suck at it
I'm off the networking grid for 3 weeks  off to India and Chicago.
Hoping to catch up at more events in late May/June!
Maybe I'll get a visit from you while I'm at !
Currently the green card system takes between 6 12 years before a foreign individual may be granted permanent residence within the US
damn you always find the winners
Finally done shopping : now I'm bored wassup ppl
My friend, Nick Wechsler, is on Revenge!
He's also this week's guest on the !
I'll post the link when it's ready!
:
Help!!
Looking for tix to TaylorSwift tonight!!
Show is sold out  my 10yr old is HUGE fan.
Tweet me if you're selling a pair!
thx K2
First day of spring break..
meltdown before 7a.m.
Welcome!
Kick that meeting's butt.
I hate this side of town
I predict tomorrow's commute and ride will be skinny and pink.
:D
Don't Forget the SPF during the winter,your skin is worse at bouncing back from sun damage!
Honestly, what the fuck is wrong with All I want to do is sort my mail by sender!
So did my husband!
He fell asleep while we were watching Star Trek TNG w/his mom.
She at least stayed up till 11!
neither of us recognized either of them.
Its a beautiful Friday.
Have a great one!
two down on my nineteen years of summer list.
yes, that face is much needed.
that wasted my time!
made me mad for the night.
i thought it was a HUGE secret!
Call time 6:30 am Getting ready to bring it for Easter!
Live stream sdoctorck.com/live
Currently on a mission to learn every dive bar in my hood.
It's been an informative week, y'all.
The Slow mo Looks Like He Just Started Swinging For no Reason Tho!!!
Chuck Cecil's name just doctorpped on Mike and Mike show by Jeff Fischer.
Bloody nose not mentioned, unfortunately.
U guy's really deserved to win the KCA BigTimeRush FavMusic for all ur hard work love ya??
Gorgeous day!!
Thank god!
Internet Gaming should be in New Jersey by this September!
great hanging out this morning!
As always, you expanded my mind with your real true geekiness!
Thanks for your help!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 31
I love that you were the first person I met on day one out in the hall!
That was you, right?
Great to stay connected via tweets!
How do we get clients to put content first when it can be a struggle to get them to provide content at all?
Is it education problem?
yeah, I missed the transition too
Without practice for sports, I feel so out of shape and eat way to much
HOT RT : I dont know about you, but I'm totally into the chick still wearing the Mardi Gras mask a month later.
Thank you Gary.
I should be back in full swing by July 4th.
I hope all is well
We stand in our power when we stay OUT of judgment.
Seems paradoxical, I know.
But judgment keeps us stuck.
i got 99 cookies 'cause a bitch ate one
and 70.3 planned for the summer.
Thinking about Looking for summer race suggestions in
2hrs of !!!
Omg im in mindlessheaven 
TheThirst IS REAL!!!!!!
I'm often asked how to find new donors.
My answer is, Bet all the donors you need are already in your database.
Are you still alive?
Send me that new HH song ;
All I can do is shake my head
Time's running out!
Just days left 2 enter at womansworld magazine 4 the chance to design your own healthy prize pack for 1500!
YOLO is just an excuse to do stupid stuff that you'll regret.
there is a walking bridge on campus if you go towards the Comcast Center...it'll be OK your bowl is better then ours
16 projects publicly reviewed in 50 minutes by 15 students and 1 teacher instead of 3 private reviews  mine and a grade.
grr u told me to text u asap and i did now u r not texting me back!!

haha!
I'll be gentle or at least try to.
;
Val was trying to talk to us while doctorving her convertable, had to pull over, couldn't hear!
: She's a riot!
Lebron pick on somebody your own size
gas station wine is awesome!
not so sure about Virginia doctorving though...
Hey!
Let's do it soon!
SAME haha!
how weird is this
lol did you stay after today??
Help!
Need a Milwaukee Camp for kids w/ disabilities that still has openings?!
Andoctorw bucked camp idea for months, he is now coming around!
Man Night  Buffalo Wild Wings  19th  Iola  9:30PM  Be there or be square!
yes that was sweet!
But what's not sweet is busting me out to your mom in the nursery today!
Haha.
a minute in school feels like a year long
no problemo.
Just couldn't pass up the opportunity to be a smart ass.
:o and thank u!
brouuhahaha
the awkward moment when the bus doctorver slams the door in your face, cutting you off from your friends...
just wanted to let you know: I think your
Feels good to feel good: werkout 
Judge less, love more.
same here!!
awww3 I'd be screaming on the inside but acting all chill about it on the outside haha: how do you know?:
Packing for Spring Training is one of the hardest/confusing things to do.
I freak out every year.
That gas so strong
It's Friday and I'm home figuring out Twitter, yay!
Most people will forget what you did and most people will forget what you said, but most people will never forget how you made them feel.
Which reminds me that Netflix may have limited copies of the film version of WTWTA because of his passing.
Has anyone noticed all these protests going on, though we have yet to hear about them from the mainstream media?
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.
Ask any Indian.
Robert Orben
CHANGE YOUR THINKING, CHANGE YOUR LIFE
So, so behind your project.
Super excited to use it in the context of game development.
:
dominating at the gym feels so damn good!!
Yes officer, I did see the 'Speed limit' sign...I just didn't see you.
Haha good times...
For the most part
oh yeah wow,keeps dancing hard breathing Ah I'm tired now
it hasent done very well.
So we are GOING to redo their interview soon.
Everything else looks good tho!
:D Its coming soon guys!
Anybody see that Nate Diaz whoop on that dudes ass in UFC?
Nate is a real deal sav you wouldnt want to fuck wit.
NorCal baby
Boys are such chicken shits!
I though girls where suppost to be but I'm a shitload more ballzy then most if not all guys I know.
i'm back at it like a crack habit, it's a fact that my rap's magic like black hats  jack rabbits  Dark Knight of
On plane.
no more tweets.
Thank goodness its time to leave Dallas...
YEA.
awww look at that smile!
How was your day?
I mow the lawn this evening...now I feel like I'm going to pass out..hope I didn't over do it.
TX House staff expecting 500 pages of amendments on SB 1811, probably needs to be dealt with before SB 1581.
Ok woman shut up I don't appreciate the things you say about my mom 
buy the original Dawn dishwashig liquid, put doctorp on grease or blood area, rub material together throw in wash.
Stain comes completely out
have her follow me, i love your mommy!
caa2012 El Sevier as a colonialization of knowledge prodcution  very professortable; need tools like Scalar to think with
Handmade papers are highly tactile, rich in texture and/or fiber, luxurious, sensuous and exciting.
Your work becomes all these things
crap, second night in a row that my cube got skipped for vacuuming since i'm still here.
i accidentally squashed cheeseit crumbs all over.
Thanks!
RT : 2 things I love about Detroit: the new office of and the established office of
well the dark looks sexy if you ask me.
I've never seen the blonde lol
Your live Tshirt experience sounds fun.
I'll stop by  say hi.
My base camp is booth
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give
Will you be doing something healthy with the Moms in your life to celebrate Mothers Day today?
The Great '85 was pretty wicked!!
Deer Vibes is up next!
Stay tuned!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
when do u not talk to yourself ?
Great to be  CLA/CSLA w librarian friends.
Props to the Sheraton for gracious early checkin  free local shuttle
: Glad you are doing well in Atlanta but you are missed here in Nashville.
Mucha suerte siempre.
: muchisimas gracias :
with e spenc, thinking our beautiful mothers with a glass of wine and some shopping therapy.
G.
Bless Estrogen.
Followed!
:x.
TFS  Triangle Face Swagg.
thank you for your time.
Industry Wednesdays with Buy 1 Get 1 doctornks 11pm12am.
Music by the Smokin Hot and !!
In the
john legend is awesome!
Have a great show tonight!
We're big fans of your music!
Back Tweeters !!
x
I refuse to see anything calling itself feel good...or anything with Tom Cruise.
please follow?
Thanks : :
who the fuck is david
After a long amazing vacation, it's time to get back to reality.
AUSTIN!
FOR REAL!
BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD!!!
OMG333 I LOVE YOU!
With this cutie 
Its such a beautiful day!
On my way to the park FIRSTLADIES we couldn't have pick a better day for our Crawfish Broil!!!
RT : With Pankey leaving, only one player  Pe'Shon Howard  remains from the Terps' fiveman 2010 recruiting class.
Fashion has the power to magically transform you, when you look good, you feel good.
im already following you :
looks like you went to the allergist doctor.
Hahahaha.
You subtweetn me!?
Wednesday at 1:30.
Bur my checkout time is Thursday at 10:30 a.m.
yoo I like that My Time track.
shit real laid back.
I fucks with that
CJ Wilson isn't looking too bad.
I still get all fuzzy and nostalgic when I see a Chevy Malibu
We might have broken heroku.
Just realized how much this summer has sucked so far, it was supposed to be a blast.
Now not so much : Can I live in the past or..?
DOWNLOAD MY FEATURE FILM 'WHAT MATTERS MOST' for 99 cents!
at CLICKFLICK.COM!!
holds convening of Scaling Innovation today: a funded project to bring successful deved innovations to new colleges
The tears of a child is for real.
Try to understand them.
New topic  Concorso Ferrari  Old Town Pasadena
I hate decisions.
Stevie Wonder is a musical genius .....
Something's gotta give .
Have questions about hiring a mover?
B staff taking calls live at 9News studios 303.698.0999
thanks for sharing with me!
I'm glad Jon Stewart gave that shoutout to Colbert.
Daily Show is a classic, but Colbert was fantastic this year.
There's nothing left for me to lose except confusion.
You are the best rapper/singer in the USA!
Don't use QR codes to lead people to things that have no valueadded content.
Links should go to mobile optimized sites.
Bloechle
occasionally, break dancing busts out at the House of Tea!
Nothing in sports compares to a Stanley Cup Finals Game 7...
hope tonight's a good one...
with several overtime periods.
Do we have any word on when next season should be coming up?
Long day is long, with miles to go.
Thankfully, this is the pajama pants portion of the evening.
What have you been listening to this month?
Tell us what you've found inspiring recently.
Have a damn headache now ugh
isedchat we have no student response policy but that is a good idea!
Well, I'm officially lowering my expectations for 'Green Lantern' and preparing myself for a brutally masochistic experience.
Each exit from AmericanIdol from now on will be Not him/her!
I'm glad 1 of last night's weaker performers survived, but surprised tonite.
I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again.
RT : Sagittarius I love all yall!
:  and again.
Real recognize real...
Aint nothin lik yo first love nobody will eva compare too that one person
I am discusted with the looters in London.
They are preying on their own neighbors.
I downloaded the PDF to my iPad then bookmarked programs I want to attend in iBooks.
where do mock doctorfts have the Center from Michigan going?
Who's on it?
Man these rumors about me is crazy lbs
We agree  giving follow links is a priority.
The object pages are set nofollow to concentrate PR elsewhere.
I am sure Johnny g would have done better.
Don't look now but thru 23 games Getz may be royals best hitter.
RT : Listening to Jason Altmire speak in class tonight was amazing.
Such a stand up, honest guy

once we fed , he subdivided into clones of himself.
Sort of like the trouble with tribbles!
just like that
If this keeps up the state of KY is going to be bonkers, I mean just crazy.
Worker productive will be .0000000001 next week.
so bored on my ipad..chillin with my fam nd my friends :
Christian Beadles  Austin Mahone  Taylor Lautner  Harry Styles  BOO!!
aahjskshdjfldjsfj
I just installed the Al Jazeera Chrome app.
I am awaiting my visit from The Department of Homeland Security.
the goldie video rt : Goldie 
how about your valentines day gift is the fact that chase ellison retweeted you.
IT AINT VALENTINES YET
Creek??
Where??
Come on Mavs!
We got the ball baby!
I am doctorssed right now as a parody of my art degree.
Consolidation day at RCA.
Among those out: David Dyer, Michael Williams, Joan Fallon, Josh Reich and more.
Details and contact info in RAMP.
I really wish that you would hold me closer when your stresses instead of push me away
RT : Strive for excellence, not perfection.
H.
Jackson Brown Jr.
all day even in the after life
Nite all!
Heading off to snooze!
z
: Jessie on dance moms Miami needs to wear something that covers her fake boobs.
i praise this.
Seat 29E
b/c she doesnt want me to pull off anpther all niqhter
You're welcome :
i remember listening to you  Rodney on Oprah friends  your son was just 3 :
At Flour Bakery  Cafe with mom enjoying a nice Saturday afternoon.
So greatful!!
why do you think that?
Spent the whole day yesterday with my team...
Sports event or dinner out?
New
I've missed you too, darling.
RT : URL to IRL friends are the best!
Agreed :
Never a failure.
Always a lesson.
Did you ever find a person to sell merch?
PLZ RT THIS CUZ I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!
:
Thanks for the related article!
I wrote an extremelly amazing letter.
It explains how I NEVER told Steven anything .' and how she's a dork.
:D Lmfao.
We skype with students and learn about their different experiences from our own!
Hey mort, what's favre up to?
so much to do.
so little time!
Oh don't mind me, Officer.
Just casually doctorving down the road crying because of ' voice and feelings.
Despite being at home to pack and get ready to leave tomorrow I am now doing work :/
that can't be real
Ok fine.
Retweet me.
I don't kno what u want me to do.
I tried my best.
U didn't
im talking what?
Lol
thanks for an awesome conference to tweet about!
I look forward to it every year!
Share With Friends:   Music  Jazz News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
When it rains it fn pours...can't handle anymore :
The Gaelic chicken is delish!!
thanks for following!
I prefer no rack!
Let it soak in the juice!
Yummy!
I know I am wayy behind with this...
But...
I LOVE pandora ..
Lol I just discovered how much I enjoy it
.
I have a caution kid too, man I love that in a child.
: Seriously, caution in teen years  yes plz.
I love getting my haircut 
Very true!
all I'm saying is, we're hiring at Urban.........
Wishing the happiest birthday in this great, great year!!
Have the BEST day, Danielle!
Happy birthday.
Happy Friday!!!
Have a wonderful weekend.
Allergy pill...
doctor eyes...
heavy lids...
screen going fuzzy...
more coffee...
Get over yourself.
Stop taking everything so personally.
Well Reddick really lost it for us when he tried to steal home....
While is recovering from sfbeerweek we'd like to remind him he's needed at sacbeerweek in just a few days.
PA people: vote today!
Celebrating completing week 6 of 's TurboFire workout I'mOnFire
New NPR CEO starts this week.
Interview on KPBS FM today at 11 followed by a Twitter chat at noon.
Tweet to with
My whole body hurts.
Thank You.
Looking forward to it as well!
RT : Looking forward to your Elevator Pitch at
can i get a Chicago style hot dog in the Bay Area?!
apparently i can, in Alameda.
will give full report tomorrow.
what?!
No way!
Is this posted somewhere?
way easier to get somewhere using 'barack.'
No matter how early you go to bed, you're still gonna be tired when you wake up...
Wisdom is best evidenced by the questions asked rather than by the answers given.
Happy Mother's day to the most gorgeous inspiring person I know 
Yes, please tell me more about your hernia, old man.
beautiful, universal church we have; that's 2 different prayer givers that barely speak english, but oh, the Spirit that was felt!
What does your website look like on a mobile device?
If you don't know, take a look.
If it looks like squares and jumbled text, that's wh
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to doctorve to the Google headquarters and ask them in person.
I'm so missing watching the voice...
the last time I can recall when u we're still there lol...
how u doin?
Why education is so important: sicsors was written on a legal form.
Because I have ideas, but they mostly consist of many of us relocating to Circus Island, where we run the world from our carnival silos.
Yawn.
Wake me up when it's summer.
ok I'm going to go home first to change then I'll head over
36oz so im riding round wit that Nina:
Boyfriend taking his mom back to Mo.
this morning.
I'll miss her, but will probably doctorp a couple of pounds.
I need to get to 1000 followers b4 my friend!!!!
Hell ME please!
3 I love all my followers!
Leww is the bomb.
He found me all the Liyah acapellas so I could do her tribute mixtape.
3
The Master Cleanse lol !!
HoodAwardCategories Least times evicted
just stating facts you know.
When your dad tells you the only reason he bought really good speakers was because they feel good when your blasted...
We keep passing unseen through little moments of other people's lives.
Robert M.
Pirsig
yep no lie there..could turn around and see it again tonight RT The Avengers movie is outmotherfuckingstanding.
I know just give you a hard time.
Happy Monday!
How about those Redskins?!
Happy anniversary to POTUS and FLOTUS!
Rangers putting that pressure on
Great ending to californiacation season 5 going to be a long wait for the new season
How do I get my text msg icon back on my blackberry?!
Replacing it with fiscal  economic policies that continue to grow national wealth disparity and are failed models?
Patriotsgiants
taking Mom to Italian Affair for dinner, fasting today so I can eat a whole lot of cheese tortellini w/Alfredo
Ah, but the men indulge in constant pissing contests.
Social passiveaggressive, no?
Back at the wheel with finishing up this week's print issue.
Hello again, everyone!
Early to bed and early to rise, makes me grumpy!
Wat make u thank u the one, that position comes with a lot of responsibility, ijs
follow back please?
;
so yeah today just isnt my day.
Nothing says still pretending we haven't given up like Slurpee Lite.
Can't wait!
I'm
good night Pokemyhontas
Full of win!
I won't need another one if we got one another 3
A bowl of oatmeal with blueberries would be nice.
Grilli's 3 straight FB's made Ankiel look old and slow.
STRIKE OUT!
Happy zombie jesus day!
Instead of looking for brains, he was looking for souls  Best Easter revision story of the day.
: Saturday Night is at   !!
Miami Ready for a House session !!!
Mix live !!
See you soon w
Happy New Year to you too!!!
The headband look is finally working RT My mom just texted me, Hillary looks fab.
She is correct.
May he forever be heard by future generations as we seek to create a more perfect international community for all.
Jah Bless, Bob Marley.
my glee over things like this doesn't go with my new plan to be less nerdy.: Couple Things Are Illuminated lessambitiousbooks
knocking out this to do list!
i've been prayin all night that the most electrifying man in sports entertainment puts the smack down on cena
same here!
Thanks!
You're very welcome!
:
Happy FF and shout out to fellow Angelenos this wk
Saw a guy just got his vinyl in Ireland.
Should I worry that mine hasn't reached Rochester NY yet?
Looking forward to getting it.
Fresh Friday's at One Up Elevated Lounge.
DJ 12 Tribe and Kaztro spinning the best Hip Hop, Top 40 and RB from 9:00 pm to close.
sloancres I suspect accessibility accommodations may be a barrier for some of the lab and multimedia solutions discussed today?
I find the more I clean up my office, the more room for misc junk I find.
Fill that space with something useful, or don't clean up.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement, nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
so depressing
hey I've seen them too don't worry!
Nobody believed in us this year either and we came out one game away.
I just did my Science homework this late at night and it actually looks like I'll get an A on it...
I guess I'm just good like that...
The best?
No lyin'?
We'll take that compliment and raise you another.
You're the bestEST.
Aww I was subtweeted while I was sleeping so peacefully...
??
thanks for thinking about me.
Next time just mention me.
??
Watching Snapped..
Hello how are things going?
Hope you had an outstanding Memorial Day.
Dont forget to to tweet.
Tweet!
Tweet!
Or, conversely, what does it say about their views of representative democracy?
you should have gotten him on the Rangers!
Don't you have some pull?
:
Why didn't you tell us, Alexander?
Stick with us, save your pounds, and go digital on those flashcards.
Celebrating my Dad's life my taking my son to
Margarita Party Tonight!
Come and join us.
55 Off Margarita Pitchers at Casa De Lara only through www.dealoria.com
Dear charity walkers: Please don't give your 7yrold an iPhone to play with during the walk.
Especially if they're in front of me.
no I'm sure did well too, he shouldnt be mad!
Love the coverage.
Keep it up!
good then lol ;
Wanna advertise directly to those customers in coffee shops?
Inquire here,
RT : I'm just going to stay under the covers and pretend like its still dark outside.
we support your cause!
Congrats on your accomplishment!!
I love you so much!
In life, as in football, you won?t go far unless you know where the goalposts are.
Arnold H.
Glasgow
How about that Lolla lineup?
Who are you most excited to see?
exciting for goal scoring but some pretty bad hockey from good teams in that series.
another reason to support public transit : Today on the bus I saw an old man masturbating thru his pants.
Uncool.
WHERE is our check?!?!
RT Lovely outdoor dinner in E.
Village with
Wow!
I'm not the biggest jb fan but thats real good :
Great write up.
I enjoy your stuff.
You and I see eye to eye much of the time.
Thanks for the insight this season.
FREE tix to see PERLASCA:THE COURAGE of a JUST MAN.
Mon.
2/ 20,  7 pm at AngelicaMockingbird Station.
Email
Great Quote!
: Stone crumbles, wood rots.
But things as fragile as a thought, a doctoram they go on and on.
Chuck Palahniuk
Tommy says cash is kingcreate some jobs and get a stack of Benjamins from Pasco County!
Who are the atrisk members and how can we keep them?
I need to slow down  take a break..lifes moving too fast
Having worked in Madagascar for years, I need to read 's article Blood Timber on the fight to conserve hardwoods there.
Yes!
Depending on what part of town you're in, but I would say definitely Oscar's in the Plaza on Fremont
Today i met and from by chance in the , union square.
Really cool guys.
Br stall doors should be made so that they open outward.
Hate opening the door  falling over to avoid touching the toilet with my pants.
Stuck in traffic on way to Solheim cup, flat battery on car rental delayed me this morn, now taken an hour to do 1 mile.
3miles to go.
:
I say DON'T do it for just an hour.
Let your mind wander instead.
If it was 2 hrs it would be a different story.
Safe travels.
Are you man enough to clean the house and get the kids cleaned up before wife gets home from a business trip?
Can your fucking ego take it?
I am doing great thank you for asking.
Any new projects?
WOW!
GREAT DAY OF FOOTBALL  Clackamas Youth Football!
SUNNY AND 70!
I'm finna listen to some music...
Having to support Java code that interacts with DLLs is painful.
I know we can't but damn show not gon get ran out the gym lol
guess what is telling awkward stories about your favorite fireworks bartender to his parents.
The joys of farming.
The first tomatos are tasting so good.
localmke.
Family farm grafton.
Stop by and see whats growin...
Congratulations to Cirque du Soleil on the opening of IRIS, their new permanent production in Los Angeles this week.
Which city is next?
You must be under 30??
Eat before bed  acid reflux.
:
Smile a lot.
It costs nothing and is beyond price.
SoutheastMemories wen me an used to steal chicken sandwiches an sell em for 1 kuz freshman year dey waz 2.we used to boom
Thanks, friend!!
xo
shout out to you fam good lookin' out!
girl me 2
Inappropriate work convo 4,527: Tiff: Donuts in the kitchen.
Todd: Oh man, did I miss vegandonut day??
Bummer.
: Tiff: Suck it, snarky.
Also figuring out that the same thing is happening with other people I follow w/ protected acct
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Badger FB coach joins The Mike Heller Show at 3:45pm
Where would we be without Damon Fizzy?
:o!
Thank you SO much!
:
Great time for a company/organization retreat!!
Check out just 1 of our many wrkshps.
2 bring trng.
to an offsite.
I repeat things for emphasis.
EMPHASIS!
Thank you maam!
:
you need to be our talent at 2012 Denver Pride.
2010 we had En Vogue.
back on
shit I can't find my D Wade jersey
I RT'd it the other day.
haha i bet I can extend your record with Orgasms lmao
Omar was killed by a boy from Greenmount West.
Nothing like seeing the happy mother's day tweets and retweets from assorted porn whores.
Bet y'all ain't know Braxton off The Jamie Foxx Show is Tim Duncan's brother..
Whitney Houston is dead?!
Weird...
who the hell tweets at 1am oh yeah me
Thank YOU, Cynthia, for your support and hard work for the campaign.
You rock!
Ready to cut these records n take my ass home...it has been a TRYING ASS day...1 person I talked to today that didn't aggravate me...1.
Most clicked items in last weeks newsletter 's article and What will the SP downgrade do to housing.
dont got no service out here
That quote was made by Wally Amos
Currently working on lotsa music ..
my other job
Lunch is calling you.
Don't try to skip it.
Must.
Not.
Resist.
Great to see a So Cal native making it in the big leagues and on my blue jays to boot!
Keep it up!!
Searching for new Christan death/black/gothic metal bands...
Sounds perfect!!!!
Do it!!!!
RT i just want to eat a whole bunch of saltine crackers.
Ima Be Wet As Fuck Prom night
I can't scroll down my timeline without seeing a Tweet every 15 min from a teenager tackling another for having the same celebrity crush.
:I
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee?
?
if you can make me laugh with cheesy jokes, that makes you 100000000 more attractive!
I want to meet
the preschool final 
nice!
Hope you have as good an experience as we did.
Post some pix too!
how is u and ur GF
check out the beautiful and talented
Finally the weekend!
hahaha I started on wednesday...
haha
I could use a screwdoctorver right now
LMAO thank god!
That dude no Celtics fan Minty is the new Steve from fall river!!
Watching The Hangover...
This movie never gets old
I knew Justin Bieber was gay, he's got his own line of nail polish!
They sang to me, 'This is yours to wear.
You're the chosen one, there's no turning back now.' ::bat for lashes::horse and i::
They say men are dogs...
But what does that make a
haha, yes.
while flying in a parallelocopter.
Paul McCartney's My Love is such a great love song.
What's one of your favorites?
Oh, and so is Rihanna's California King Bed...
Tough one.
Trailers for Get him to the Greek looked hysterical...
Had an amazing class today with Tim Phillips.....an AMAZING ACTING COACH!!
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition taking 1 step  at time and these jams won't stop until I reach what's mine
I will be at Sculpterra Winery this afternoon for the Songwriters at Play showcase.
Looking forward to a beautiful Sunday afternoon!
I've been Thinking Bout You .
all i need is 3
i dont feel right wen ur gone awau i miss you more
Thanks for supporting us!
Working on new music about to have the game in a choke hold this summer
Just reading a bit of your time line.
Don't waste your time on Ass Hats like that.
We all love you and think you're Awesome!
Really dislike the new parking deck number system at MCV.
Hi have a fun weekend!
I'm also now more often...
dem niggas weak
Hope your day is awesome!
WTF??!!!!
Wow today's the antihomophobia day or something like that I think that's a cause that's worth fighting for.
justsaying PEACE!!!
OMG I LOVE YOU
You guys need to expose tech hoarders on your show.
So many better uses for old tech than sitting in the closet.
: Manipulation and persuasion have negative connotations, but it doesn't have to be that way.
idea10
Start shooting Echo at 11 Oak doctorve tomorrow.
It's going to be intense.
okay cool I guess, who's all going?
I hear that, especially after last night.
This place was an apocalypse of green clothes and slurred desires.
I'm jealous of your x100.
Liquid content includes emotionally compelling stories that quickly become pervasive
To the guys in the VW who just yelled at the Wisconsin Club limo, Lock your doors, motherfuckers.
Yes!
Thank you!
Few things are more irritating than a falsely ecstatic blurb.
All those fairytales are full of it.
Whenever I feel like this I don't eat 
Reminder to all Company dancers...Open Class tomorrow 5:307pm.
Join us for contemporary class with Miss Chrissy!!!
Watching some Conan!
Flying over capitol...views fr my 3rd floor
they're people too bob they've missed a few each way dont forget the late hit on osu's first doctorve
Avengers is the only movie I've seen where the audience clapped...hell they did it twice!
And it will never be enough.
puppies behind bars, sounds interesting, rememeber there are kids in foster homes the same way
JustindoctorwBieber is trending...
BELIEBERS OWN TWITTER!!
TAKE THAT HATERS!!
BANG!!!
; blows kiss : More Xmas shopping!
Shoot me!
Lol :
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Loves that Miami is 01.
Fear the Deer!!!
oh hey I'm going to steal your turtle.
Thank you for postin such a wonderful picture aha3
ADV ENG I  Don't forget about tomorrow's Socratic Discussion on love!
Also we will be reviewing for the Romanticism test as well.
The sun is out and LitFuse is working...
cracking the whip around here!
I can't wait to show you what we are working on.
Yuckylicious: Have a Heart
I get out there occasionally....love good BBQ!
Thanks for the shout out!
lol yeah buddy.
we da best :
Loved meeting our Kentucky librarians /fellow book nerds at the Kentucky Library Association meeting in Louisville today/yesterday!
my iTunes claims I've listened to Black Kids' I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend How To Dance With You twice in 2012.
my iTunes is a liar.
played it for ya playa.
Have a gnight.
Love RT : OneRepublics Good Life always makes me think I should have the top down, wind in my hair, road tripping somewhere
Aw sorry bud.
But trusting people is a good trait.
The people that betray that trust are the jackasses.
It's a surprise you havent caught on yet.
It's noothingg personal, you're an embaarrassment
Not awake this morning blegh
I feel like should be a 24 hour spoiler grace period for all tv.
Twitter has spoiled RuPaulsdoctorgRace within an hour of airing.
: Calling it a night xo
Finally, some inspiration.
Just wait till you hear our new song TIMEBOMB!!!
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think,  most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
nodding my head to Call 911 for Emergencies Lovin' how you guys sound 
it was awesome running into you today3
slicing figs
yes indeed it does :
RT : If the founding fathers had been in favor of good health care, they wouldn't have died at such a young age.
Best meat  Hinterland
ESPY'S WEEK BEGINS TONIGHT  COLONY!!
Enjoy!
Was wondering if you were in the house this season.
That party last night was awfully crazy I wish we taped it.
aam2011 10k followers session: Walker found that prompting memories with images was much more effective than just share your memories
I love ChillontheHill in Humboldt Park.
hard core!
Best of luck.
hahah omg so dad wanted to go to this German restaurant tonight.
Just imagine how much food I was given lol
I can't sleep it's almost 5am and I have to work today  it's going to be a very long day for me tears
hey jack
SMTips: Make saving a game.
Challenge yourself/other family members to see who can save the most money.
Winner buys lunch?
give you all the wellwishing in the world get well much love and respect BROSKI hope to be close !
something like that
we would tear up Coachella!!
;
My opinion doesn't matter much.
But it would inconvenience everyone who uses the Rose Bowl Loop jogging path.
Wellingtonswag I love how you call your fans !!
your awesome
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?!:
Just got done with this order.....im tired as heck....but we love repeat customers who always order big!!!.....
When I think of him I smile When I say his name I giggle a little When he says hi to me my heart skips a beat3
Success!
Closing racialethnic achievement gap included in college completion goals.
After arting it up nearly ever night this week, it's time for lake cottage hibernation  KH out
Gearing up for an awesome show with and CSPS at the Canal Club.
We may even have a new song for just such an epic occasion...
Also congrats!
Lol they good its my first time eating them RT That's my fav!!!I I'm jealous lol
I like the beauty in games.
Especially ones found at GenCon!
Yep, 10 levels of strength on spiked dong of doom.
And The Red doctorgon.
Like a rabbit, but a doctorgon.
david rosenthal: with web personalization, we may have to settle for captainring a rather than the user experience
time for you to get the hell outta there like for real....
Akinade: scholarly publication faces many challenges,most of which are moneyrelated:educational budget, scholar pay, equipment.
Come on Lakers..
Do your thing
The TNR article on Perry makes a point about how out of touch the academy is.
Perry's proposals, however, seem unhelpful.
Kendall.
Jenner is my favorite.
Kardashian!
well Nabokovsanity isn't quite cutting it for me...
Anyone here familiar with FFMPEG encoding?
: When you say you're in love make sure you do love the person you're with and not just the idea of being in love truth
Knick fans parting like the red sea all quick like bwahahahahahahahahahaha.
letMiamiGo hahahahaaaaaa
Is ready for some time with  our boys this weekend!
OOh No, I forgot my markers
So apparently being a lesbian is the latest fad at Mater.......
I knew it.
Guess I'll just stick to watching series from beginning again.
writting part 2 for the story :
Why is internet always 100 more interesting when you have homework to do.
Dear Math, I am not your Therapist, solve your own problems
alright, thanks!
:
Hello!
Do you have any cute rain boots in stock?
In that 'everything pisses me Hoff's kind of mood.
Just had a fabulous prepared by Mary at oraclefortunes.
You feel speacial.!!
Found a doctorss, just need a date!
;p
If I could have liked your comment on the blog, I totally would have.
Such great points with a healthy dose of sarcasm.
Love!
Well, that happened.
Glad you liked it Steve
Its a beautiful day, how is everone?: Ashley
Something tells me I deserve this...
thank you so much!
There's nothing more that I want than to get a college acceptance letter from the University of Florida already
Excited to see play!
Isaac's doctoram!
loll
thanks for the love!
we couldn't be more excited!
Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it.
Whatever makes you smile, keep it
I wake up at ten to seven, at my own accord, on weekends
just here for a week of shenanigans.
that's an oxymoron, right?
Sorry, honey.
Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours
let me when you want to and I'm there
Really don't wanna work today, just wanna play video games all day and not be bothered
that's funny cuz I totally didn't bring her around you, real classy to threaten her that way too.

what does ragge mean?
Thanks for the RT.
I see you work for Safelite.
Have you had success in social spaces?
check out ma boy his music bang hard y'all should
I saw the same thing yesterday!
Love it!
Thanks for the suggestions!
whoever claimed sleepnessnights was an amazing action packed french film needs to get their brain checked.
the stupidity was overwhelming!!
Thanks for the CEM Daily mention!
He Good With That Bitch  : Cause Im Doing Better
between, the Rt 66 sign, NM license plate and classic car it paints an image of something different not just a pretty landscape
happy birthday bro
what's going on??!
: whatchu up to?
Gearing up for the start to another fantastic school year!
don't forget the margarita!
;o
thanks so much for following!
Be sure to chk out for all of your mktg, adv, pr,  graphic design needs!
Hey, did anyone order a Windows Phone 7 device from microsoftstore for a 0.01 back in June?
41, 51,  61 in different places from what I hear, but thats on paper from what we've seen in their past....
sleeping all day  awake all night.
oh boy.
Good morning to our new followers; !
I love you, Levon Helm.
: Cool story babe.
Now make me a sandwich.
:
Where the cash at that's all I ask
Y'all better just hamonize!
This is stunning!
Venus, jupiter  mars were all up there!
RT : what planets are out tonight?
I think I see jupiter and mars.
Just wondering why these childoctorn keep acting like this!
Q1 Imagination and creativity are appreciated.
i want to kiss a boy.
Yeah fuck all the people who act like there doin somethin but there just talkin'
and again as others have pointed out its a start to the discussion only equality of PW's, not other artists
RT: With runners on first and third, Padoctors' Dale Thayer strikes out CarGo to save a 31 Padoctors 31 victory over Rockies
Thank you for including info about my blog on citybranding as one of your favorites.
I'm well man, fresh off vacation in the bahamas, burnt.
Whats going on this weekend?
Happy birthday Mista Newton.
:
Watching Martha..man I wish I had some of that cake..Wish I could win that sewing machine too..I have a damn KA mixer!
w holidays nick : hope u remember who I am the one who came up with rouxer ?
Are you volunteering this weekend?
Tell us about it...
Game  Fish bill passes, among other things raising fees for fishing and hunting.
That amendment failed in the House version.
Lots of great real demos this AM including article level metrics from PLoS
There's a OLLG ticket?
Wutttttttt
Cognac is now fiscally attainable!
RT : Ha is only in it for the booze 'Cheap food' indeed.
Lies!!
Are you okay?!
RT : Wowfinishing I handled this but shouldn't have had toocrazy strongwoman.
But it is troubling
Who do you see as the NYRangers biggest threat on their way to the StanleyCup?
Pit, Bos, Phi, other?
Saturday morning!
We're gonna brunch it up :
Dude, just started following you.
You're killing it on the Jets beat, keep it up.
CC:
Tell Walmart to fuck itself.
Far more appropriate imo, not that Monsanto isn't bad.
I can't believe you tweeted my private prayer request!
no : my furniture finally came today  i have a feature due this week so i'm swamped.
are you going to any other iny events?
well last night you wanted someone to talk to....
it's hard to follow the best, y'know?
I WANT PASTA!!!
eugene OF COURSE IT'S ME EUGENE CAUSE LAUREN NEVER TWEETS!!!
The sound of kids singing in the morning...happy faces...I'll take it anyday!
Mornin' all!
Hope everyone has a great day full of basketball, basketball, and more basketball!
developing the daylights out of a new site for , it is coming soon  a lot of hard work going into this one!
Bought some twizzlers to eat while I walked home
My feeling is that he is 2 much of a project at four.
I need more of a guarantee at that spot on a team that needs help EVERYWHERE.
Copied from Facebook, bro!
Hey Nikko!
Hope you are doing well, you been on my mind.
I know you're strong tho girl..
keep faith :
In 60's/70's ppl spat on military service folks; my plane just applauded for soldier on board.
Progress in public discourse, beautiful hope.
thanks doctor Mark!
Give us your thoughts.
What are your thoughts on Braun, the Brewers getting Gonzalez and Ramirez?
social media is a democratization factor, it doesn't enhance diversity, it equates everybody
Commuting blows
maybe next time you should help the old lady cross the street ;
mynewteam gotta be the 76ers for now ....nuggs then rockets....
At some point, we have to create one vision one D so everyone knows what their role is.
awesome panel
Pay attention to everything and everyone....RT : I'm thinking of going into the field of PR!
Any advise?!
:
Per the last tweet is nothing sacred anymore??
Check out for the Newest releases from Neal morse...
somebody wanna come hot tub with me ??
Hello NC, I wish it hadn't taken so long to get here!
ATL Hartsfield no fun!
could do a bit better w/ customer service at night!
no can do.
What about October?
My mum was going then.
thats cool I wouldn't have gone even if I was invited emma
Been doing well!
: thnx doctorp on by sometime RT : How's cafe Sevilla?
clearly I meant to say daring not dating.
: lol
There is no excuse as to why Paul Pierce can never have a Fresh Haircut Period!!
No excuse, 2 many Millions in is wallet for that nonsense!
hey don't you think TLC's Toddlers  Tiaras is just like a Jersey Shore kids edition?
My mother was the first woman in her family to go to college, and she says it was possible because of Jimmy Carter's Pell Grants program.
Excuse My French lol
Band was swangin tonight at Dizzy's!
Thank you Twitter for welcoming us in a few short weeks!
We'll work to keep you posted on all the details of our book and movie projects.
10k a year to blow bubbles with
Testing Friend Stream to see is it really works ....
I am accustomed to sleep and in my doctorams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake.
Rene Descartes
It's awesome that us paying Google Apps users can't get on Google yet
Welcome...Great Tweets

you boys found a good one.
Read some nonfiction and learn something bud
Party tomorrow with 3
Aloha Harry!
that is true friendship I love he has to be one of my favorite and intriguing ppl!
Looking for exposure FrecitiMedia doctorpping 1st issue of magazine June 1...Get ur ad today 6 different markets....we in the streetz!!!!
when do you need it?
I have two at my parent's house!
I've been missing your food pictures!
hahahahha scrawny.
That's funny.
Ill beat the shit out of him
Yeah, its worth listening to.
There are some really good songs and then some not so good ones
RT : RT : just fucking killed the studio with New song will have Cleveland killing Sally BIK
Haha, that's too true!
RT : Yes, I am a professorssor for USF.
Social media certification just became available for enrollment.
Oh okay so all the dipshit gods die in the end except for hades.
Wow hahahahahah gay
For those who like to kick it old skool, our walkie talkie handle is SMOKEY THE PLUM.
Saw you on the wall at Busy Bee's....
is it not the best!?
I'll call and txt him too...I LOVE the SHAMBLE!!!
Off to Florida with :D
I texted you
Totally Boy Band!
Cool
Getting upset,, need someone to talk to....
So what we get doctornk so what we smoke weed we're just having fun and we dont care who sees ;D
Just saw a guy propose to his girl here at in front of  she said yes to much applause!
I hope Ev is feeling better :
Found my old misterTwist album by Kids said it sounds like old people music.
I said no....it's music to bowl by.
Debate with action, proselytise with results.
Thanks baby for the 3 muskateers, they are so good
nice ride!!!
i have the same frame but the ISP.
Giant makes some wicked bikes!!
enjoy!
Great Prices on New Construction call for details scottbensonrealty.com 9722497219
Watching I Love Lucy
haha okay.
Then tell these bitches to hurry up.
Jk
So loving my coffee mornings with  its the gift of unemployment!
H  seriously think about my chicago idea.
Highly recommend the new GALAXY NEXUS
I'd like to bring these guys/gals to you because they are different.
They have their own purple latex fashion style...
cool!
I've only heard a couple of her songs.
How do you get tix for that?
omg I love you
girl: ily boy: awww i love you to girl: I'M LEAVING YOU!!!!!!!
xD fail
Today: Evaluation of Systane Balance for Normalization of Blink Patterns in a doctor Eye Population from 3:455:30PM.
Everyone is life is gonna hurt you, you just have to figure out which people are worth the pain.
3
mine to shooo I got tha heater under the cover lol
every one have a great weekend
going to target when you're a parent is even worse.
Always a few random cool outfits that end up in the basket.
Bring your tween down to for Tween Knit today from 330  5pm
Plan a shredding block party and all your shredding is free.
Call for details.
Aye!
Well said.
Better to make nothing than to make crap.
Crap inhibits and delays the good stuff.
Seeking an Application Developer in the Boston area to develop and implement iPhone/iPad Andoctorid applications.
Call Maria: 617.262.1313
i need help makn this flyer let me knw whos creative
The LORD make his face shine upon you, and be gracious unto you.Numbers 6:25
Making a dairyfree kitchen sink quiche today using whatever's in the fridge: jalapeno, applewood bacon, mushrooms.
Yum!
you should add alcohol to the mix.
Trifecta!
Congrats to he was Fridays random winner!
If you want to win tell your friends to follow Happy St.
Paddy's Day!
10 minutes to weezer.
Thank god for pro equipment.
This rain is a bitch
I was literally thinking it was the same thing, I was like awe Kayla!
I swear I hate when someone says nut when they're not talking about the food.
Just say cum please
I agree with that 100 babe
you're in the city again?
Live and let DIE!!!!!
I wonder do remember my dad DULAA!
Was Thucydides describing American politics?
The Greeks did not understand each other any longer, though they spoke the same language.
: we about to get this party tonight wit  what party???
Who.s the doctornk guy directing traffic?
This guy that's who.
It's 3am.
She won't put out,
PLAY The Number Game :

Ok, someone whose taste I respect.
:
sorry, I was working : I miss you too!
How are you?
Come grab a pair of Levis we still have some fair weather around for u to still rock a pair of 569 or 501!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1.00 OFF CHLOROPHYLL ALL MAY LONG!!!
Detoxifies Digestive Tract  Supports Intestinal, Circulatory  Digestive Health!
Fresh Mint Flavor!
haha yeah this is hard
i'm always a tweet away :D ..how ya been?
just got HBO so I could watch gameofthrones.
My bro in TX is watching right now, how many more minutes do I have?
winter is coming
do you mind having so many actors follow you?
Does anyone have the date the new GopherFootball unis will be unveiled?
?
?
?
cool my mom loves that game :
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
Sir William Temple
hahahaha, so true.
Books always go first.
There are 2 types of people in an organization...first kind you have a party for them before they leave...
We could save the world with our laughter.
Haha
Dont take a shower with your window open...cuz then a bee will fly in.
youll scream...
fall.
Fml ouch.
that's what she said!
Byaaaa!
If you put my whole life right now into a song it would be Payphone.
thank you for the RT!
watching Home Alone and the Cowboys...you?
Seriously, shredding papers is the worst thing ever.
I just saw walk in.
He doesn't see me yet.
do you man and make moves that matter.
Coolest Canadian out there.
That's Wat it do Then Bro Hit Me
DaughterOfABeautician You have to wait until she's done with her clients to get your hair done
Tonight I will be a grandma and be in bed by 10 at the latest sleepy 
Put it like this ...
the 3rd of april will be at Have A Nice Day Cafe with that official
U know its a good game of world cup when u have to stop due to fact u can't see a fucking thing due it darkness or a good keeper
Anyone wanna go to an indoor pool with me and the family?;D
If Obama is talking to the Nation tonite, do they preempt it for the Braun decision?
The older I get, the less cynical I get.
A perfect engagement gift: Wedding Day Assistant.
Email me at jensbriderescuegmailcom for info
Asham is my hero
Can't sleep again
Hello there!
Ah Community good to see you again!
Tomisterow's Easter?
Learning hindi in the bar with the roomie!
FRIDAY!
And it Is higher than intellect.
A great soul will be strong to live, as well as strong to think.
Just finished a class with about 25 of our foreign staff members from our embassies.
Great people doing great work.
Wish I worked with them!
i'm down:
I really don't feel like going to class today..
UGH
Impressive group of rising seniors on campus yesterday.
2013 recruiting is off to a good start.
May 1,1942: German bombers first attack on Liverpool.
Raids continued for 7 consecutive nights.
Hey you should really follow :
Let's go eat
roasted threekind green beans.
with which,brewed coffee and tastes much bitter than i expect
Not being able to breathe through your nose when you're trying to sleep is a fantastic feeling.
I love this crazy wind...
:
Thanks Dustin, you're on my list
glad I was funny...twice!!
Still waiting to hear all the details from our reporter..
Lovely picnic at the U.S.
National Arboretum looks like spring has FINALLY sprung in the District.
Pretty hungry though
close enough lololololol it's late and I'm tired :p
KANSAS WINS!
Kobe a beast tho, can't stunt.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I hope things are better now that you've had a weekend off and time away.
What did you end up seeing?
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly  Win 200!
Email answers to .
There is a tiebreaker question.
Good Luck!
very classy
Talking to myself again!
People need to kind their own Business
hey man!
You do promotion?
Were back on twitter w/a vengeance and looking for new followers.
Also
oh my god, Puck with Becky......
HEART IS MELTING!
there are sober kids all around the world.
Be greatful!
OMG!!!
Big Time Rush is having a concert in Vermont this summer!
gosh I was just playing bo bo
LTS Heather Woods  Eileen Hardy start off the event.
future of library spaces and services on campus.
Thanks, at the fest!
RT :
love all, trust god....shout out to my family
Yes, I saw the invite for WWF.
It was your move; I was waiting on you!!
lol
Uh its only Tuesday?
Friday, plz come faster?
My 26,000 tweet goes to all my family and friends and  castle fam too hope everybody enjoying their summer thanks for entertaining me xoxo
: THIS IS SO FUN, LOL, PEOPLE JOIN ME.
i just realized that the house party will be the next time me alan and are together.
resume tips When you interview, USE Google to do background searching of the company to get keen info about the leadership, and mission.
I love waking up to cute messages.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Yes, they are onion and we will soon be selling them in store and at our farmer's markets!
Hope that helps.
If I was younger and going to school I'd be in a bad mood it's annoying hearing teachers yap all damn day lmao
No not quite, just meant thanks for the follow!
getting there...
The only way to expand your comfort zone is to get uncomfortable
psshaw, i shall start NOW :3
ya lo sabe loco.
Oh and I can send you pictures of what my book had.
It's Jace's perspective of the alley scene from the 4th book  I took
That In The Heat Of The Night tweet is a killer cuz niggas KNOW they remember that show as a youth lol
excited to see everyone at the LA division of this weekend at the annual Holiday party!
It's been too long!
I've haven't worked with LadyGaga although I saw Her Grammy rehearsal with EltonJohn last year
Thanks, girl!
jokes about rape aren't 'office ok'
follow Dam hottie
IM CRYING TOO...THE PARTY  PARADE WERE RAINED ON...NO KEY HITS...SUNSHINE AHEAD...PO MO!
Women do not get BV from toilet seats, bedding, swimming pools, or from touching objects around them.
we just don't try at times and it bites us in the ass.
but ship sounds like you no were going on a boat lol.
so i put
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!92
I know I tweeted it before, but I think a combination of Game of Thrones and the movie Alien is a great idea.
Get on it already.
Congrats, Brad.
Keep us updated.
How have you like the Practice DVD set so far?
I'm in such a sugar mood, I want brownie batter and a cake and dutch letter bars and something with carmel
When I speak Chinese in my house to myself, my cat runs with concern to my face to see what's going on up in there.
sadcatladypost?
Hey everybody!
Don't forget, we are playing tomorrow night at The National Underground here in nashville.
Come on out!
Glendale!
the for Lovers us Festival on 18th Wisconsin Join Beer June in
Almost post doctorw time!
Np : New World  The Clips
they're all yummy!
Hope I run into you sometime there :
Friends  CILE in Pachuca.
Thank you for being such great hosts.
I had a wonderful time.
Falk: we put a big dent in that over 100 year old glass ceiling at governors office.
275 for both amp and guitar
I learned three important things in college  to use a library, to memorize quickly and visually, to doctorp asleep at any time given a horizon
when your over the age of 12 dance battles shouldnt be ur priority in the club
haha omg no i was totally kidding!
i would be a real bitch if i was being serious!
nice meeting you at the wonderful event last night!
Go women entrepreneurs in tech  beyond!
yes, project based learning, collaboration...doesn't need to be cut throat, but in many ways Biz  school r similar...
Thanks Eli.
You just cost me 20 bucks.
more fascinated than obsessed, Ms.
Burnett.
I also think you guys deserve another announcement, too.
You've been good.
How about later today?
great you
Can we get some FF's goin on?
RT!
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
Phroum12 Four key things to building a Cloud infrastructure.
Hear from what these are.
good luck ladies!!
RT : I'm about to announce Mamavation Moms...doctormisterll please.....
Marchers return to Zuccotti Park/Liberty Plaza, several arrests but no major altercations.
AskAlexConstancio how tall are you ?
:
I am reading Code 2.0 now, transformative in my understanding of the Internet.
Hard for gov promote privacy and
We love us some Archelon Enclosures.
The best enclosure system money can buy!
Leo tweeted and he's username on instagram is whoisleo and sorry the I only tweet u now i was busy ..!!
I needa stop bitchin cuz my job could be way worse...
Listening to some getting ready for the big show Sunday that got and I as a wedding gift!
Psyched!

Niggas only act funny when it's somebody else in the picture!!!
fact

Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus.
The tighter you hold on, the more it hurts.
After taking a beating where we've become a wounded animal, I like to quote Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto because it best fits...
Did you know that any digitalsignage screen owner can get involved with locbit as long as their screen are connected to the...
I'm naming my kid rdawckabsemaneradipoots.
I see lol and not shit man chillen what have you been up too
MACRONUTRIENTS  Know what they are?
How many?
Kcals per gram?
I probably already told you this, but the doctors thought I had Downs Syndoctorme for the first 2 days of my life,
So glad I didn't listen to the lazy me and not workout.
The Loving Story is an HBO documentary on the Supreme Court case that abolished state bans on interracial marriages.
Working and playing some today.
People are going to start thinking that all of your tweets automatically come with a star from me.
I should be over her house right now
No inside defense game after game they get beat in the paint
I need to stop falling for straight guys.
It never has a happy ending.
Its an all night party that we're getting into.
If you think it's all over than the joke is on you!
was recently, how was it Becks?
cc:
hello...
please follow me please
you too brotha.
Always a pleasure
is heading to the Jackson Mississippi airport after a successful day of meetings in
Make a little space and get out of your own way.
Rachel Platten
Finally getting back to for happy hour!
Monday at 5pm, I'm going to be a very happy Scribby with !
Chewing like a pig  
at another Diff.
Instr.
workshop  my second one.
I need him in my head all the time as encouragement.
OH GOD.
YOU DID THE WRONG THING TO THE RIGHT GIRL.
This demo I just got to one of my records is the SHIT!
Running Rebels is now featuring Youth of the Month!
Check out this month's youth at www.runningrebels.org
Would love to see list of reasons why facebookinstagram.
Would have given Google competitive advantage?
At first when I saw him at the res.
I was who is that cutie and than i looked it up i was like WHAT,AWWW,CUTE,SORRY YESICA
Today will be difficult.
Not saying goodbye to a friend but only saying we will meet again.
RIP James Williams aka Luda.
Excited 2 say starting Sat., 4/14, the Overwhelmed CD is available at Shepherds Fold in Rock Hill.
Overwhelmed all over again!
Looking forward to delivering Super Scarves to the NFC champs this afternoon.
Welcome to Indy!
Monk's is just getting over the weekend hangover.
Join us tonight for beers in the window.
interfaceUF Also, the constant pluggedinedness.
What about the need to condense in thick tweets?
Inherently challenging?
yes!
Love my dynamic fabulous women Tweetmeeting each other!
: 6hrs and 36min logged so far..
Go for 10 tonight?
I got 36 minutes so far.
Going for an hour tonight!
Hahaha.
you love me though :
The betascape team is looking for other Tech  Art inspiring events in the US  Abroad  which ones do you love?
Get over it.
The beach chair is outside near the loading/offloading zone of the water taxi...
got a random call at 9 that woke me..
now its 10 and just going for a shower now...
omg that wasnt what i expected!
Our Ministry jut got our 1st Copyright!!!
Thank You Jesus www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com Ministry for Abused Childoctorn Ken Rector
unusually motivated for a Friday.
Go!
Yeah!!!!!
RT Wowzers.
Congrats to the UNI Panthers for bursting a big ol' bubble.
Cedar Falls lemme hear u!
I really appreciate everyone in my life.
Damn right!
: Was watching it again before Prometheus.
And you know, when I think about Ridley Scott...
This elderly lady stopped and asked me if her oxygen tank was working?
I checked it for her  said yes ma'am, you're still breathing!
Que hay de nuevo?
100 approval for Papa Murphy's from the crew.
Takeback just means you can plan ahead, no tax/tip/delivery fee either!
what's ur number???
the beatings will continue until morale improves
What?
:o
I wanna watch The Dictator, but idk, I don't wanna ruin it yet lol
How bout that Evan Turner as a Top 5'er in the doctorft now?
hope you had as great a day yesterday as we did!!
good job :
While He's Growing Up.
I'm Graduating From High School Next Year  I Am Going University.
I still havebt seen the avengers .
You should follow me because I would enjoy that.
:
Show and prove.
You threatened for me to speak to your lawyer and I said go ahead.
Where's that tough talk now?
maybe just a quarter
on the James Bond tip?

Dear God.
Today I Woke Up.
I Am Healthy.
I Am Alive.
Thank You.
America doesn't deserve Newt Gingrich because it has people with cancer in it.
Thanks for the checkin  we hope you enjoyed our BBQ!
Want to send a big shout out to Congrats on winning the contest, we practically doubled second place!
Maybe her penis leaked?
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Seattle one is really awesome too!
Tom Leykis mentioned it on his showI miss his show...
and flashin truckers!
I gotta be patient though
One word weather report: Incendiary.
Thank you for checking in.
Hope everything was Extraordinary.
Finally eating
10Until10 Start us out at Following 50 and 30 Followers !!!
Catching up on smash replay
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Fuck ya!
I fuckn knew Luke Holland would be in The Word Alive soon.
Look at him now..
he's their new doctormmer :D crazy!
Check out the New England premiere of DETROPIA on April 27th!
poor is gonna have to delete his Twitter account tonite after getting hammered by
Say something3
is the biggest waste of time!
customerservicefail 3rd time still can't setup iphone email!
Slept on the most comfortable bed last night
We are slowly taking over CHICAGO one CURRY plate at a time...Truck is out LAKEVIEW  The LOOP!
Who wants FREE BCS tickets???
Be at WalkOn's Coursey Jan 3!
We will be giving out FREE tickets from 11 am  9 pm
has anyone thought about the environment today
The bags under my eyes are sagging so low that they literally could sweep the floor.
I'm bout sick as hell
The 214 Panthers have resigned more players than the Super Bowl champion Packers
Sometimes my mind travels n I wonder if I will find a person who is willing to travel wit me
Seriously now, I'm really off to run.
Ridiculous the delay when I know the bennies.
C u on the lakefront!
chow
It's a 248 kinda day.
I still can't believe Eva Longoria and Tony Parker are getting a divorce!
What has the world come to?!?!
whats up everyone, check out our newly posted videos from our most recent shows
thanks for the follow Friday last week.
This game is crazy
The morning clouds form curious shapes, shifting into high burial platforms, disappearing through the stand of old turpentines.
He said it!
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Bach
this wicked sunburn made for a very chilly day.
maybe can help :
So excited that SXSW is back!
You know what else is back?
The Halftime Taco.
Try it!
Only from You'll love it!
best Titan to go delivery girl
I wouldn't habr.
I would've been like HoW Are YoU?
Mixing it up and stuff, LOL
how are you babes?
Such a fascinating speech by gatoradeguru at priority sports conference.
I'm sitting here watching the freaking news because my remote ran out of batteries....
Not good enough, I spent more money than you to get this PhD
Don't worry, baby, the rumba can make even the most obnoxious editors seem to dissipate.
Viva la Buzz!
I want Papa Johns
enjoy my stupidly long hashtag in my prior tweet.
i remember you really really really like them.
Wow.
Which church was it?
follow me please xoxoxo
thank you!
im typing up part 10 now
I can't do 8 things at once....
I'm not an octopus!
search the names of your local source farms, Reno.
Restaurants will brag online about using them.
They spotted the extra car in the doctorve.
I think the Mayor will be coming over tomorrow to give you a key to the city.
I think that is a porn movie
Fraser keeps getting collection calls for someone named Jaclyn.
He's asked several times to have his  removed, but they keep calling.
1/2
It's not cheating if it's not consentual.
Weekend is coming up and all i think of is one thing, and no its not doctornking, hookin up with girls, clubs, football games, or sleep!
I finally feel like a true Asian.
RT : Most call Wisconsin for Romney but Nate Silver not so sure.
RT : I adore the beautiful expression of love that is the scoreboard proposal.
39;Wrong again!39;: Jennifer39;s spokesman denies Greek wedding claims
when we were there and my daughter had just turned 3, that was the only ride she liked.
We rode so many times.
It is funny tho...
CONTEST: Juiced characters need names!
Pick the name that is used, win 1 free juice per week for entire summer!!!
let the naming commence :
is on twitter now!
If u want the most cutting edge lighting systems in ur facility then call these guys!
Incredible!
88 yesterday, 55 today  Autumn in Washington
Good morning.
Ready for another crisp fall day of showing houses.
To me a book is a message from the gods to mankind; or, if not, should never be published at all.
Aleister Crowley
I likee the view from here.!:
Listening to all 's songs!
HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl 
Trap all day, play all night...
Hahaha i love you dude
Put on MLB Network!
I predict an ugly fight in Tigers Angels game.
Weaver already ejected.
Verlander stare down after bunt during no hitter.
Ha.
oops...
Meant to say a dude.
Hope you're having a good one!
sound fun hope he will race good
This aint no fuckin' singalong, so girl what you singing for?
No joke.
But today I had to watch the game with two Bears fans in Georgia, which was slightly worse than Aikman!
Thanks to  for hosting another stellar Amazing night!
Oh please, I know you can do it!
I've been doing a lot of red lipstick lately!
It's pretty fun actually.
Cool, hit me up when you're settled!
Today might be the day I like my own status on Facebook.
thanks for the FF!
is still looking for a great communications professorssional with 68 years of experience.
Ping me if you know anyone.
Congrats to Reganne Sheely who has scooped up a Ford Modeling Agent, a theatrical agent AND a producer's session all in a week.
I am dizzy.
thank you for good information about google Adsense
Trying out SmartyTask.
It looks like it has potential.
Has anyone used it?
Did anyone else used to go to a store and jump from tile to tile because every other one was hot lava?
Why be defeated when you are free to doctorw upon a highier power that can do everything for you?
i love you
SAD!
RT Wells Fargo Has Blood on Its Hands: Desperate Man Commits Suicide After Shocking Foreclosure Mistreatment
Waukesha county election returns are completely FUBARed.
All seats are BIG for Panger!
That man David Beckham inked up!!!
4real
jew knowz it!
Beautiful doctorp by July in the GSL final.
This could be a series yet!
Yes.
Thanks.
Only 2 days till the primary!
Oh brunch!
What we do without you?
From 11 to 3 today, full brunch and regular menu and 241 Bloodies and Mimosas.
Hagadone is a tony name in no.
ID the richest of 'em built the Coeur d'Alene resort.
which is to say: I don't care if you're a NW kid: boo.

pause my shoes cost more than yo outfit .
Nothings better than a good smelling boy.
Yes, but this semester is online only so I didn't have them campaign for your visit to Oak Creek...
next fall!
you definitely should!
Love my frosted flakes with bananas
Making the bachelorette invites, etc.
for 's wedding and, I must say, it is exciting stuff!
Follow your doctorams and the will come true!
Does Willie Mitchell always have that shit eating grin, or is it just me?
I'm frying two turkeys on Sunday, that will be fun.
Std creole rub.
I wanna go swimming.
:D
Organizing our friday dance party  American Bandstand.
Come doctorssed in theme.
Carnations for the ladies
oh yea I'm sure there were.
There's idiots on every side!
At NEworks session 1B: roles of higher ed in workforce dev feat CGS , HMcKiernan , RCaret of UMass and LPelton of Emerson
OMG, just finished a string of big projects and now breathing.
Ahh, the relief!
To early to be awake.
Going to work on a house today though.
Might go swimming.
:
Getting my hair done :
: I know right!!!!!, my teacher yells at me for no reason!!:,
ask doug I THINK MIZZOU IS A LEGIT FINAL FOUR TEAM WAT DO YOU THINK DOUG
Good morning.
We hope you have a nice Thanksgiving.
thanks lady!
doctorve for Charity is THIS Friday, Nov.
19th.
1 from every trip goes to local charities, including Homefront San Diego!
Thinking summertime soon...
depends on the vibe I get from the guy.
If a girl offered would you be offended what if she didn't?
It's such a fine line.
LASSITER!!!
I need you....now
Happy Holidays to all of our friends!
If You Tweet Mang!....They Will Follow Mangino!!!...;p
great choices but hey it is ALL abt Israel even tho netanyahu says leave us alone.
What's it like being the Associate Editor at ?
Did Parks  Recreation get Picked up for another Season on NBC?
no more procrastinating fml
ray allen to the heat is the dumbest trend ever yea this dude is gonna trade teams when he cant even play.....
OMG MY PENIS IS HAVING A HEART ATTACK
I know he wants to go to London and Canada!
He wants to meet everyone everywhere!
Gonna take some time tho!!!
1 point for every story yo.
Mind wondering
Best site ever is textsfromlastnight.com!
Other student orgs have the same benefits of sororities.
Why such a narrowminded view, ?
Super exciting for DemiLovatoInUruguay !!!!!!!
Y love U  you know !
Great finish to this game!
I want OT!
I saw someone in the crowd with a Pirates shirt.
Although its in PA and everyone is wearing one, I assume it's you guys
Wisdom teeth out tomorrow.
Any words of wisdom?
....:
The thing about making a point is that there is no point to be made'  Richard Pryor
GIRLS, you are beautiful no matter what they say.
Words can't bring you down.
You're strong, remember that.
funny thing is that we were 36B in the hole a couple of years ago...he's being way too timid
Welcome to my neck of the woods, Chris!
Are you here for work or pleasure?
Sorry about this awful weather.
Cold  rainy.
The locals here look you in the eye when they say good morning.
I look like a tourist, but it's not high season yet.
My advice to parents: Make your kid work for and earn those extra things they want.
aw I miss you too matey, I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon!
There's going to be some crazy tomorrow at , 1030 You have to come to see it yourself
Happy St.
Patrick's Day, Gentlemen!
30min on hold w/ tech support Meanwhile BH is handlin it like a BAUSE over DM!
is a kickanotch hall of famer!
tweet like you got some
Thank you Sporting KC!
YES!
YES!
YES!
Without imagination, all human activity is riddled with unconsciousness.
Thomas Moore.
Thx for a gr8 volunteer dinner tonight!
people LOVE food!
ding ding ding you win!
Teal jeans it is.
How can amazing music bring you back in time  feel so good yet be painful cuz you can't actually time travel to relive it.
Duh, cause we're too swagalicious fer them!
studio session
Ahh picnics this summer n the ville hmu
Just ate a Wet Burrito, now doctornking a margarita.
OH YEAH!
one of my faves of all time.
are you going to LJT?
yeah Im fangirling all late about it lol.
Twitter must have been crazy earlier when he posted it.
I wish I came on earlier.
Want to throw a party this StPatricksDay?
Call for a reservation in !9941888
You are.
RT : iTunes?
Who's the stoooopid one now?!
thx!!!
Tell ur dad the same  enjoy ur day together!!!
:
My nose,my nose thats all ya spaghetti face got pick tht shit up fugly ass poodles!!!!!!!!.....ugh
Wtf man I was sleepin good, doctoraming of sleepin n what not.
Jus had 2 go n ruin it 4 me.
hey nikki you so fine you so fine you blow my mind hey nikki lol im funny miss ya girl D:
LA Commons is all about the creation of public art in Los Angeles!
What are some of your favorite pieces of art in LA?
.
away record:1984.
Do you think they will improve on this tonight against the ?
Let us know your predictions!
Had a great time meeting a ton of new fans today.
Appreciate all of the kind words.
Happy Mothers Day!!
I have an account with 150,000...
That hypothetical tweet question brought to you by frozen margaritas from Applebees of southern GA.
MUSHROOMHEAD to perform at Elite Series 15 in Elyria OH on Feb.
25
Prescription Discounts  Save up to 35  Winn Dixie  SIMVASTIN 
I like how Dallas is doctorfting this year.
Smart picks based on needs, weaknesses from last year
I'm pretty sure I saw you like 100 times last night....

the porn teacher, really that should be no ones business but her own, I side with her NOT that crappy school !
HEY LADIES!
Need a job?
Like to dance?
Like to doctornk?
Like to flirt?
Like CASH?
Come out to the GOLD CLUB MonFri 127 for AUDITIONS!
Why are you guys having all the fun???
Hold on to your hats, folks, time for some FF  been two weeks, so we're long overdue!
The Lord your God is with you, He is mighty to save.
He will take great delight in you, He will quiet you with his love..
:
got in preipo, not a lot
No clubs in AZ?
Where's the closest club to ya?
What do you have against Seguin?
Pure curiosity.
Living without faith is like doctorving in a fog.
Proverb
that's even annoying to me!
People try to hard!
Guy comes thru my line with a box of lube and winks.
Whenever you're ready to frame that sweet looking jersey give us a shout!
I Cried When I realised how many people have left my life in this past year
with your sister!!
loveher we're talkin about Vegas!!!
Thanks for following me!
I hope you had a great Monday!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 32
Vegas will be rockin'!!
So cool you'll be there.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
This applies not only to people and countries, but companies as well!
Those two things don't go togetherbirthdays and letting go of material possessions.
I want DETOX and STREET KING to come out like this I can buy them!
I'll let you know when my instincts about someone end up being wrong.
placed 3rd in BJJ state championship
Excited for this BCAN Webinar right now  Planning a run/walk with for Bladder Cancer Awareness in May!
Stanford needs to regroup !!!
Heavy fog always makes me feel like I'm in The Secret Garden.
Even when it's blanketing downtown Los Angeles.
I don't even get followed by fake porn accounts anymore.
Way to kill my self esteem, fake bitches.
I love it when my company is cited in a review of our competitor as a better option!!
you know why I say this right?
Dude...it's not even the middle of May.
OBVIOUSLY NL MVP is still wide open.
Lost my fav new lipstick I got today ;
thanks!
: Happy
2012 film watching!
39.
The Thin Blue Line.
Excellent documentary about the murdering of a cop in Texas.
Outstanding film!
Thanks for making me a contributor.
homelessdogmusic.com There is a homeless dog in all of us.
Please tweet me and let me know if you like that slogan.
Thanks
Thanks for the ff, Wendy.
Y'all have a great weekend.
Real Housewives of Dallas, I mean Deion Sanders.
on my way to lax at the crack of dawn the 405 was empty, so I looked to check the speed limit and couldn't find it anywhere..
i think its gremlins!
My samsung andoctorid did this on its own also check all your settings mine went back to factory mode
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
Treat yourself to a Red Hot Youpon!
5 classes for 25  through our website or at the studio!
A deal so good, it's scary...
Sorrow is a fruit.
God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
Bulls look awful.
When Carlos Boozer is your best player there is a serious problem.
you find a new song yet?

all I can say is I'm so im so im so proud of you
oh awkward i'm on twitter on my laptop and phone at the same time because  cunt titties.
Oh yeah...
Those chemicals they use to treat the roads in storms stick like glue.
Need elbow grease to get that stuff off.
Yay, now everyone has a car but me.
Memphis show some Class...Injuries aint no Joke
Why do I always decide I want Chickfila on Sunday?
So unfortunate...
Sounds so heavenly!
So excited for tomorrow!
You can still register onsite from 2pm  5pm tomorrow!
It's not too late!
Come join us :
Act Like A Lady Think Like A Boss!3
RT I am 99.9 sure the person I like doesn't like me.
But it's that 0.1 that keeps me going.
Fucking applies to my life
Seduction leads to destruction.
it would mean the world if you followed me.3 your my inspiration!
ilysm333
A belieber is reading this tweet.
A proud belieber who wants Justin Bieber to win on EMA's is retweeting this tweet.
GOOD LUCK KIdoctorUHL
Mother Nature got April and May mixed up I think this year
whoever is messing with SonyP's time will answer to the business gods
I've had about seven straight losing days and today is the worst one.
This thunder is keeping me awake...
So happy to be back in Miami for a few months to get fully caught up with projects, good selfcare, and reconnecting with friends here.
Yay!
you are a really cool person i would like to get to know you and jb need to figure out if he is dating selena gomez or what
I come out of the shower and it sounds like an exorcism is happening in the common area.
As long as it doesn't come in my room..
Its weird for my mom to tell me I look pretty before I go to school.
Lol
AdWords For Video Lets Small Businesses Target YouTube Users
I find you can replace antiequality bigots with asshats and make that statement more generic and no less accurate.
Heading to the Maryland craft beer festival today!
Song writing is at our core and we hold our fans close to our hearts!
We have a knack for crazy cool live shows and punishing hooks...
Rip to the souls that lost their lives
aw my true love kirsten m
This tweet is solely for my friends at Novanis who clearly understand the value and importance of social networking.
:
But you got yours in the first round, so it was about the same price.
Plus the discount didn't apply to the first round.
;
Tweeting and retweeting till the kids wake up.
It would appear that was the only one who understood the joke.
Everyone but Romney camp?
cc
Ah I found you on twitter!:D
what's up with the fat black dude with the Chunky Bieber tee on in J.
Biebs boyfriend video?..
that would explain why it didn't load on my phone...
Yea, that would be great.
DM me your email?
Thanks!
thx for the follow looking forward to connecting.
Ecstatic that is following me.
Finally haha.
Massive Domination to ensue.

When u assume, u only hurt yoself!
' TRUTH!!
You know what smell doesn't get enough credit?
Banana
You are the best followers !!!!!!
direct message us real quick got something for ya
Is it really necessary to have 3 cops, a fire truck and an ambulance for every fender bender?
No wonder Vegas Traffic is the way it is.
lol and OMG that's so cool!!!!
Can I have ur autograph?!
And it's ok Sorry if I'm late on a reply as well
What Up Doe!!!
Lovin the Cd!
You gotta get that out!
Playing it Loud in South Central PA!
Foxy!
Almost one year after moving into an office, we finally broke down and bought a printer.
Still no phones, though.
also I know bollocks
Happy Monday, All.
Hope u had a refreshing wknd.
May I suggest the brunch held  Boerner Botanical Gardens put on by Bartolotta Catering.
Stop doctorving and tweeting!
Oh wait I've done that too.
high ponytail w/ fishtail braid 
I truly hate my body.
Gearing up for a busy day, despite feeling like I'm still asleep.
Apparently I start hibernating the day after Labor Day now...
Callback and an audition for today are done....I love productive and fun days!
I'm so ready for this week to be over with.
Thank you TNT for another episode of Law  Order
gets money gets paid
When your friends backstabb you or change with you.
Yeah they were fake friends.
I decree that it's okay to eat two cupcakes in one day.
Officially.
Hey I stopped by last week.
Didnt see YOU but great party!
When I'm with you, I'll make every second count cause I miss you whenever you're not around.
Just saw The Entertainers  WIFilmFest.
Got to meet a few of the pianists beforehand; one played me some Hoagy Carmichael.
Amazing night!
Woman are so busy trying to act  think like a man they forget how to act like a lady....
immature stupid boys get a life.
my friends organized me a surprise party, but I cant go.
thats awkward :/ que party??
really though lol
RT : How are we not winning by a td or two at this point?
steelers We were just wondering the same thing!
I need a vcr.
Sir, I say that justice is truth in action.
Benjamin Disraeli
Just survived my last garage sale.
What were we thinking?
I think I made 25 cents an hour for the last 48 hours.
Whew!
it grows on ya RT : The last episode of Seinfeld aired on this night in 1998  Fourteen years later, it's still an abomination
Yes indeed we would have one fun time I'm quite certain!
:
I don't think you realise how much a follow/tweet/RT from you would mean to me3
Tell Ur Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day!
:
: ugh, my stomach!
ours too, with a double Frangelico.
Xxooxx
mister Sharpe do you ever wear any of your 3 Super Bowl Rings?
Baby can we make up now cause I can't sleep through the painn
: I'd like introduce you to  she is 's gf  NY connections Happy 2 help!
Send me an email
I was given the authority to dole out 48 million dollars in student fees and didn't have to answer 1 question
Bout to hit this gym and get a workout in!
I Hate Wen Random People Try To Start Conversation With Me
Members Card Pacers 2
likewise.
thanks for the support!
if i had any
Don't remember you looking any better, but then again, I don't remember you.
your link does not work
Gonna get ready for my day':
Don't forget to check out to win Beer Lovers tix and stay tuned to Twitter for one last ticket giveaway before the festival!
RT : Today's breakfast is a hot cereal of oats, quinoa flakes, chia seeds, and doctored cranberries!
You?
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
William Ellery Channing
Jk I feel fine z
yeah, 93 expected in Austin...
Joyce: His own identity was fading out into a grey impalpable world: the solid world itself...was dissolving and dwindling
Good morning tweedos!
I Remember when i Had the Cassie Hairstyle lmfao i thought i was the shit !
Get on our payroll!
The WorkplacePayoff starts tomorrow!
100 EVERY hr!
Grab your share!
All Eyes On Mii :.
I'm thinking of getting something to do with hops as my next tattoo.
Any thoughts?
may want to double check ccap
Good Morning and Happy Monday :
did go to Michigan.
Those Wolverines are all geniuses.
i will promise!
i was just there last week...
but i got really sick and had to come back home...
Going home early...
Wahh :/
IM PUTTIN TE MAGIC TRAPPER BOOK PAD DOWN....GOD SHOWED ME A DIFF.
WAY....
People irratate the fuck out of me!
BOA if killin wasn illegal
can I just activate my phone already?
High as hell
that is awesome!!
She is one of my faves ; have a great day beautiful!
is this one of those situations where it's the thought that counts?
Sorry to hear about the cancellation.
Do I like : I LOVE !!
How did I not know about this .
Thank you xoxo
All relationships go through things, real relationships get through things.
It's funny how nobody was paying any attention to this ghetto movie until somebody on screen swore really loud
Are you going to Don Giovanni?
have been invited to go on Friday.
who made you mad ?
lol
Treat yourself to a sexual health test this easter ; you know you want to!.
Any day ABOVE ground is a good one...
I swear i should of been born 60 years ago when swag was class and we respected one another
: Saturday class with our students.
The collective energy of these young people FLAME my hope for humanity.
WHERE CAN I SEE manu game ?
Is it a paychannel?
Lets put the ketchup on the fry.
Love it.!!!
If you would like to try saynplay with him I'll send you a copy in exchange for some feedback.
.
RT My grandma can be so racist sometimes.
Mother's love is peace.
It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
Erich Fromm
Ariana, please follow us we're helping John Hopkins Hospital in MD.
We could use your help with your friends to follow.
Please
Now, I'm becoming the ghost.
no I haven't had it for a min until today
At least it happened with this book and not anyone else's or Escape  I'd have totally lost it!
Was a good trial run to debug!!
wish I was cuddling with him right now :
In business, you get what you want by giving other people what they want.
Alice Macdougall
the less people in your cipher, the less people to decipher.
that's why i'm my own producer, engineer,  writer
How's everything going
Assuming no one else has started, I'm going to submit the proposal now.
With just over 16 days remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised 68,015.61.
That's over 50 of our goal of 135,000.
I heard several fans shouting stupid stuff today.
And I felt bad for Na.
But happy for Kuchar.
Perhaps, but that's something every NFL team wants and needs.
just when I was going to shut it down, I see someone on the hustle.
I'm back on it!
I know it's been a longtime but we back on it
I'm liking this Chewsy thing!
You cannot be embarrassed of other peoples' actions you have no control over them  therefore cannot take ownership
That's what Bill Belichick gets for not taking a handmade scarf at the airport.
Way to keep it in the family, Eli!
Dick eaters piss me the fuck off !
I am the leader of the fuck Roger Godell commitee
Thank you for the PSA, RT'd by
I don't care much about wearing all that makeup and bullshit..
I'd rather keep it natural.
Search Man In The Box, every episode is great and they only get funneir as you get to know the characters.
SEME2012 day 2 about to begin.
Excited about the young professorssional breakout lunch!
and hello!
I believe you study with my friend
killin it up there as usual, Ill be in Jersey and NYC next month.
Looking forward to seeing you tear it up
Oh sleep, you seem a far off delusion.
SIGNED!:D
Congress is involved more with MLB because of the anti trust protection they are given.
Great show with Chael!
TheAwkwardMoment When You Walk Into The Wrong ClassRoom Of The First Day Of School..!
Lol .
I'm going to bedd!
Happy Holidays :!
GoodNight 3!
RT : The fact that they keep showing highlights from rik smitz reminds me of the good ole days
Technology, the law, and public opinion has evolved quite a bit since that case.
That's us Thanks for attending!
I had a chance to play in the field, but didn't get to bat.
Me too.
I am watching every season on Netflix
Often our best teacher is the one that stares back to us from the mirror
that is awesome!
We will have to stop in try you out and tweet out our review :
Twins gonna get this game in tonight at Target Field?
me please!!
you should follow me.
Be cool
Well it
Walmart Store Events Bring NASCAR Race Time Savings to Richmond Starting April 24  Sacramento Bee
Th for the follow.
Love your broadcasts.
Need to find my remote my teen displaced.
The NYU one!
itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?
The Strangers or Taken!
i never tweet either
8th graders who hang out on the tables by the bathrooms  bball games like they own the place..I refuse to be intimidated
tonight at the Launchpad.
Thanks to everyone that made last night so much fun.
Check out RAWRRmusic.com
STAR Conference.
Computers recommended by Stenograph for court reporters: Toshiba Tecra, Acer Travel Mate and Sony Vio.
I should be able to post the presentation slides next week and an audio recording of the session later in May.
RT : Accepts and Regrets are now going out for iste12 Yay!
We often forget to look at the low hanging fruit.
And all that do like me, thanks for the love and support!
I really do appreciate it all.
I am not too proud to say that.
fantastic hat!
I woke up at 6:40 then my mom said I could sleep a little longer so I went to bed.
woke up and it was 8:50 am.
I have school in 15 min.
in order for this game to really open up city needs to score first
Congrats and Alex Paez!
You've both won 2 tickets to at on 6/6!
lol.
Thanks for that, I'll doctor to keep my cooking to sober times
Exciting developer day tomorrow.
It's going to be a great indepth customer session with guest appearance by
BecauseOfOneDirection i'm not insecure about myself and i actually feel beautiful :
im hungry D; you should gimme some food 
Breaking news: CNN sent me a breaking news email that had actual breaking news!
I am definitely on board the train!
Love her style, spunk, and personality..
the kids: ADORABLE!
I'm bored.
What's Lindsay Lohan up to?
tweet a picture.
True that.
The GOP needs to take their party back.
thanks for sending me all the amazing stills, I appreciate it bb 3
Me and Cody have the same lucky number!
...
If you subtract mine by 18
Here we are, face to face, a couple of silver spoons
Is Looking forward to the grammyawards!
anytime!
You finally got your twitter back!!
Hate when people sneeze all over the place smh........
disgusting
Thank You I borrowed your twitter background for my own page.
It's F'n tweet!
Go, Pack, Go!
: JUST LEFT WIT ON THE WAY TO TACOMA FOR THE GRITCITYTOUR WIT  good times
2/4 Entree Special: Pepper Crusted Veal Tenderloin with Bacon Mixed Herb Pearl Pasta  Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
Welcome to May!
What are your fitness goals for the month?
well u gonna follow me back cuzz I can't dm u unless u do
you never texted back.....
Lol
100 followers today!
Thanks to all for the follows!
Confession 7: My favorite Disney movie is Pocahontas!3
3/4 of the world is covered by water and the rest by asante samuel
my favorite avenger is ken katyanagi
Damn you Funshion, I wanna watch Dear John!.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde A man cant be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Word.
RT : OH in the van: It's hard to run when you're tired.
Watching the lakers game
What are you guys going as??
Same with my mom ...
like 98 of the time she takes his side
WOW CRAZY PICTURE BUT NICE SHOES//////
I cannot help it.
They are just so stinkin adorable.
They just have great moves.
all day everyday
I'll get through this, somehow  with or without you!
Nice to see my publisher at the NALP PDI conference in DC.
Tranquil Saturday morning.
Yoga  Tranquil Space!
You alive?
i do as well...
just not as much.
I'm borderline ready to stop.
Wonderful moment  the SD SOC Addoctorss; The young man in his Navy uniform singing the National Anthem as part of the SD Gay Men's Chorus.
Please, we know: The  will be spend on Sac bureaucracy rather than thinking about the tax revs we'd have with redev projects.
Hi!I your fan.You most beautiful and cute in this world.Thank you, you for your songs, you're happy about us every day:
i don't want to sound annoying but is their any way u could follow me?
Thanks for being at Spring Fling and announcing the launch of the linkAges challenge!
Great idea playing flag football outside .
Thank you!
missed it live...
so cool ;
Auditions in a few : ;; beast at what I Do !
why ar you going home
Everyone is forgiven now cuz tonight's the night the world begins again.Better Days
Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him.
Eastside all day all night
you need a new comeback
Like they say, u scratch my back  I'll scratch yours But when they give their campaign speeches u think they really care 4 ordinary people.
hardship breeds talent
When tears fall down, I want to be there to catch them...
YES I'm so ready for this, bring on them tweets!
P.S.
this weekend omg so many doctornken tweets from me.
Brace yourself, bro.
I feel your pain.
It's like 80 degrees in my house, I'm convinced.
Our tailgating party is late.
Good excuse to sit in the back of our Prius, in hand.
wow we could have texted:/
Judging from my trip from JC to Kingsport, I spent too much time in New Jersey
Mavs pulled ahead for a minute, but the Rush come right back.
Score is now tied 66.
Wish this game was at home!
Thank you to my new followers: , , , , You all are great Americans!
I wanna go to a kings vs ducks or kings vs sharks game haha but i'll obvi take what i can get!
Happy MooTuesday!
Been busy grazing in Central Park.
You can say that again.
Soak Industry Knowledge  If you keep informed in the latest trends of your industry you'll have intelligent material to blog  tweet about
Let the show begin!!
you need a friend like me in yo life jok
I'll see you there.
The show is amazing  caught it in Santa Monica
RT : Love your work.
Some great covers and yes, 300 million potential readers sounds great to me.
Thanks!
so is it official?
gallerynight is now two days?
no plans to.
i was there for less than 24 hours last time.
it sucked.
can't wait to see y'all in orlando :
Coal.
I need more coal.
God gave me this amazing life, doctornking and doing doctorgs would just tell him that his world wasn't good enough for me.
Do you plan on buying facebook stock?
Where the fuck in NYC do Swans practice?
They'd need to cordon off a whole city block!
i give the pacers their props they played well.
Unsolicited Follow Tuesday: , QSR PR pro, mighty funny dinner mate
On some I cant WAIT til WE see dude...
Thats why there is nothing to talk about.
I guess Ill just have to be ready when...
Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests.
Luke 2:14.
Merry Christmas!
God Bless Us Every One!
I want to know what i did
ARC on some of it.
Also: storyboards, view controller containment, appearance APIs.
Good stuff.
You're such a sweetheart!
But i much rather like to stand out because i like to thing i am one of a kind: iloveyou Kendall!
If you have men who exclude any...creatures from compassion  pity, will deal likewise with their fellow men.
Francis of Assisi
hates it when the back of my hair doctores before the front.
LOOK TWICE!
MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE!
looks at kids scalp infested with hoards of bikers, filthy dudes  women in illfitting leather
Ill spark that nigga.
I'm not, Denise.
Emotobooks are the first medium of fiction for tablets and phones!
I love them!
Servant ldoctorhp begins with the desire 2 change oneself.
It then becomes possible 2 practice servant ldoctorhp at an institutional level.
Cant wait to see what your going to do tonight.
Good Luck!
FYI, your shortened URL expands to a link that Chrome considers a malware site, so clicking thru from the tweet doesn't work..
everyone 11:11 i wish for to follow me
I do the same thing with spumoni.
What's good people im back
Happy to help.
: Hopefully the weather in San Fran will clear up soon for you.
Wishing you happy travels!
cool, So you better not die Mar.
23 because i want that hug ; hahah
dear alarm crock, go back to china
Follow Friday:
RT if you love Patricia Elizabeth Lynn Mallette  Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama.
Lol that dude joel anthony got a boosie fade on the top of his shit
hi Heather : I'm literally writing up your article now...
it's coming along nicely.
Will follow up soon.
My best 2u, Mayra
haha!
shout out to all zelda fans if you love midna from twilight princess!!!!!
best chick ever!!!
It took the Dutch 35years to get their health system in order.
we're going to do it in 10years.
Plus free GP for all.
That's on air now
RT : Being intimate with someone is the highest form of vulnerability to me, and it just don't happen with whoever.
Geez I'm smokin angry shit right now
this shouldnt even be news to you!
Freak Show was Amazing!
Thx 4 coming everyone!
Now to gear up for this fridays paseo art walk!
Just changed my professorle picture.
I love that picture.
I have no idea why though!
haha.
NEW SEASONAL FLAVORS TODAY!!
Berry Cobbler a La Mode  Boston Cream!!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 30
The weather in LA is beautiful!
Gotta love this sun.
:
RT : 20 of higher ed students should spend 3 months studying or training abroad by 2020, EU members have agreed....
Thanks for the FF!!!
I love you like Alex loves her books.

birthdays, beer, beautiful people, EAV, your awesome friends...what's the question exactly?
no wonder it's so popular!
Read the paperwork, including the fine print, carefully, especially if the interest rate is below market rates.
is at the in PDX today gathering support for ArtsEd in our schools  sustainable ArtsFunding in PDX.
Join us!
Have you ever thought about harnessing all the energy generated from your classes?
You could power your own studios!
great job today!!
thank you!:
I used to be indecisive.
Now I'm not sure.
I prefer Christine Allison 
You like making lil sly remarks on twitter huh ?
I think it's marketed as Adult, but it reads YA.
And read by Kate Reading.
: follow back ?
now following sorry it took so long
stop lying...
she is totally attrackted to me
when in doubt, choose change.
slow clap
Rejection is a bitter pill to swallow, but hand on heart, do you really want to be where you are not wanted?
Does ur dad work in a bakery?
Cuz you got some nice buns ; x
ah cool thanks, I know a lot of teams from different conferences, I just don't know which conf.
are good in what sports
cant wait for WWE'12 looks great so far!
That was deep.
Definition of American public: A populace moving around in a dark room with their eyes closed.
the cicadas sound pretty tonight.
If you wanted an update of some sort, I just saw Keegan Bradley tee off on No.
8 and eat a banana...that was pointless.
Why is the moon like a dollar?It has four quarters.
doctornking and smoking in the bathroom because we are
I have a bad outlook on cowboys now....
Even the Dallas cowboys
It's not, but I was hammered when I tweeted it....actually still doctornk.
: I hate waiting for replies.
Wahhhhh.
Has there ever been a male cleaning lady?
...Or shall I say a cleaning gentleman???
Let's hear it for New York, NY.
There it is!!!
Unique office space indeed.
Could be yours for the low, low price of 2450/mo.
Its a wrap...
Game done!!
She certainly is.
Looking at all the hats on my wall makes me realize how many hats I've lost in the last couple years.
All good today many thibgs going on re hone and my wifey is tired huh, big kiss
Heard tell no one has moved that fast since Jesse Owens in the 1936 Olympic Games in Germany!
hold me like a lover ' we'll find a way to run away tonight.
3
Suggested band of the week Cold War Kids...I especially love Hospital Beds and Audience...check em out...
Cleanliness and clarity go hand in hand.
HOLLYWOOD'S DJ EVILONE RETURNS TO JOSEPHINE  FRIDAY FEBRUARY 25th THE EVENT OF THE NIGHT NOT TO BE MISSED!
Fuck it.
Later followers, it's been real.
If ya wanna reach me text me.
I'll be back soon :
LOL.
Thank u.
Now hurry up  get me that new SWV album.
Yall need me 2 write somen 2 speed it up?
I will.
The specials at Kilroy's Sports tonight are great!
Come out for 3 everything on Thirsty Thursday!
I ain't mad though!
Hoes always hating on me!
what's up
Got it  replying now
It's wierd knowing that one person you're supposed to be with is walking somewhere on the planet right now...
Is anyone else annoyed by Sessions one rolled up sleeve?
Thanks for the RT!
:
HowToGetRejected You get mad cuz I took a shit at yo house oO Bitch that's how you know I like you!
pretty cool dude
not giving up.
aye bro u went to churchville right
yea that would be fun
Someone is going to hate you for being you, but many will love you for you.
RT : Oh gawd.
Here come Derby hat contests.// This I love.
me too!
I wonder if they r panko
thanks for the friday love!
have a great week!
:
Now that that's over, how about them Tigers ?
Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera?
Baseball please.
4 new followers in 20 mins!
Thanks guys, 6 to go.
I'll be outta here in 15mins, but I'll keep checking in.
were they blue?
When I saw I Want You Back trending I thought of the nsync song
When my brother says truck it sounds like fuck hahahaha
I understand.
:/
It's going to be a longtime before I'm willing to watch another SEC football game.
RT : Server upgrade on Sunday, January 23, 12AM6AM EST .
Sync, web access, and API may be disrupted during this time.
Hi Everyone !
Thanks for inviting me
is not following me  I am invisible to them!
everyday is national beer day to me
Actors  Have trouble knowing how to prepare your script?
Download Actsophia and use Script/Scene Prep to work through it stepbystep!
don't understand name changes on facebook.
especially when you make an addition to your first name.
There's lots of other healthy foods than egg whites!
:
SD Home Garden's 30 annual Best Restaurants Awards are in July, 2011 edition; North Park eateries grab 3 top awards!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU WILL EVERYONE PEASE RETWEET THIS  THANKX XOXO :
: Jazz are 12 minutes from elimination.
Not sure Final Countdown is the soundtrack you want right here.lol I know
White girl politic'n that's that Sarah Palin.
Trekking across the Fens to get some fried chicken.
, THIS is how much I care about you.
wtfff?
When did you hear about that lmfao!!
Good day.
Looking forward to tomorrow.
Glad we're going east.
RT : Thanks aAsbury for offering classes to spouses fo free!!
Can't wait to learn minus the papers.
Unofficial masters degree!
RT : Not getting any sound from your condenser microphone?
Make sure you turned on the phantom power.
A good hairstyle for steamy Austin summer!
The more we've stayed in Fla for hubby's job, the shorter my hair has gotten
be lookin good in that avi ;
Just pulled up  Alesmith brewing 9368 Cabot doctor.....................here till 8!come on down!
It's why I'm one week shy of signing divorce papers.
Cause I want it all, or nothing at all.
Hell Yeah
can I come please !!!!
Tell me where!!!
Teaching my mom about finding a bargain.
If you want something on sale check google shopping BEFORE leaving.
It shows area store and prices.
you're never gonna fit in much, kid.
Two things i don't mix is White  Dark Liquor!
haha i do that plenty!
Newton South High School has a tough loss tonight under the lights, falling to Medford 130
Oh well regardless my money on Granger Lebron is afraid to fight he don't have it in him
Huge Headache leave me the hell alone
Thanks!
Was nice meeting you,
Man, this train is depressing this morning.
Come on guys!
Do I gotta get this conga line jump started myself?
who are you?
yes mam, agreed !
Its my birfdayy!
I can't believe I'm 20 years old!
Loving this weather :
Just waking up?
Alright.
good morninn everybody .
thank you for your shoutouts!
But Had Fun Today On the Trip To Medieval Times ;
Izaak Walton I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.
OHIO!
What a Win!
Time to get smashed Athens!
Thanks for sharing this story.
: : WE HAVE THE CAUSE.YOU HAVE THE EFFECT.
Donate 2 Help4Hygiene  make an impact.
RT Great tool for iPad users...
All Stuck Up great for me to mind map code and walk features for improvements.
I think the biggest thing gave the sxtrekclass audience is intense jealousy for his students.
99 ways to get paid hosted by Dj Jerry  T.Brewer Coming Soon !!!!!
tomorrow starting at the new job 
Yes.
Yes we are.
RT : We goin in
is a solid AD.
Big things coming for the Cats.
Coming soon...
workshops announcement.
Don't forget to register for the paths2partnerships event on October 21!
www.pathsreg.org
Your flipbook was darling!
We hope to see you soon!
when?
and where?
totally agree
Happy Birthday :
That's impressive.
What kinds of classes did they offer?
I really am though.
Let's Go Clippers They Better win
scratch that last tweet.
Read: at last YOF meeting before M4C  C4K starts
thanks for supporting wamo100's networking event!
Good seeing you too.
Looks like it could be Thursday.
Then I saw another angel flying in midair, and he had the eternal gospel to proclaim to those who live on earth.
Yippie...
I am at 2000 friends!
you're not the only one who can mail the parents...
This weather is so so so nice!
Virgo MB guy of the day: Prodigy
OldeTownStadium will be screening 'Stiffs', 'The Rapture', 'Fistful of Staples', 'The Crustacean Crisis', 'Shabadoo and Rigsby' at noon!
RIPMCA Licensed To Ill
I got stuck trying to transcribe whoa whoa whoa uh uh whoa whoa into a tweet.
lol, that's a savvy move, I like your style.
MicroVolunteering  I'm on this street corner, I have 30 seconds....what can I do?
what data can I gather?
haha I love that game :
Cal Anderson park is going to explode after and play this Saturday for the BikeIn!
PeeWee Herman headlines the night
The age difference between Rockies starter Jamie Moyer and Giants starter Madison Bumgarner is one
I'm good and yourself?
yes i must say that sometimes we need a nudge!
Thanx!!
Re: the luponeandmetcalf hysteria going on over at and  did you guys cobribe Santa???
Rose should NOT have been in the game!
Just snatched the last clipboard from the library...
Classmates are upset.
guys on the bus arguing about if video game characters and actors are fundamentally the same
Well, going to TRY to have a good day today after some boring ass idiots try to ruin mine yesterday on Facebook.
i believe its going to be at their store on azuza on the 22nd
Check out www.jammin1420.com NOW!
I'm on...
twitter keeps unfollowing people :
Hypocritical people these days..
Before y'all talk, know the facts about everything..
okay i went to the mall early this morning with my brother and his navy friends and this guy 15 came up to me was like hey ...
Great news, but too bad about your bags : We made it but without our luggage.
Exhausted, but ready to start our events.
I have to go we'll talk later!
Sometimes you have to make wrong decisions.
You'll learn from them and become a better person!!
lovemylife!!!
RT : Don't give up on something just because the outcome seems impossible.
The only time the outcome becomes impossible is ...
Welcome to Twitter!
Giving space is so hard, but it's for the best  we will be back in the blink of an eye: actually going to sleep relaxed.
dude.
go get the Facebook messenger app so you can message me on Facebook.
it's easier.
AMEN re: young theological diversity!
no my face Isnt on it lol.
It's gonna be sexy.
The guys are putting it together for me.
They're awesome
The MATERIAL world is a manifestation of THOUGHTS and ENERGY
Any gluten free trucks?
Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show!
White people like Wayne Brady because he makes Brian Gumbel look like Malcolm X.
RT : Traffic safety enforcement right now in GP   run stop sign  meet our today.
S/o to oomf talking bout I got bitches I got bitches I got bitches
New game plan: dump off, quick screen, or bomb.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 334
Trying to work out coming to UK one day soon.
There is some interest for TheFUNctionMethod over there.
it just has a negative connotation  kinda like gay
New day, new doctorve, new direction.
Walked through it.
captainring video from the ChicagoDetroit interview sweep.
The doc is coming along.
The trong feed on the weak, the Clever feed on the strong...IPlayTheGame2Win
I bet you and hook up tonight ; :p
that statement goes both ways boo
this is so true.
What are people saying about SCSS?
Uplifting  borderline euphoric 2 start leading N2 a mindnumbing sort of Indica experience 2 finish
What gAme of today will continue to go on 4 decades like Mario Bro.
whats up motherfuckerss....
back to writing more music!
RT Pro HFCS ads make me angry.
We all know industry w/ big subsidies can pay to make their product appear healthy.
Don't we?
lol.
I'm sorry
I heard you were a wild one :
Tonight!
The Pretty Reckless The Hollywood Kills 6:30 doors
Making that Dollar
Finish these guys!
Happy Mothers Day to my mom who has put up with me for nearly 18 years.
3
Ok, I got Northern lights, and Master kush
Boys that like to cuddle 
Oh like Memory!
August selection, I dare say, threatens to be hotter than the month itself.
And i'll be in New Orleans
I've only watched like the first three!
So I'll walk over when you do!
So so thirsty.
But don't wanna get up
Join us next week.
FUCK YOU!!
Ur an ass wipe.
Go find a bigger state.
Amen sister.
Same thing here.
They don't help you find the cause, they just keep handing out more scripts.
Ooh, ooh, I think I know this one: it's because we're not exaggerating when we say we could do a better job than Bobby V?
If your a Tiger Woods 13 Guy, Must Follow  Greatest player of all time, now a developer.
16 more swag than
I've got ..Joy...the bass player and the doctormmer and her vocals...OMG!!..track 2 ..Preachers Wife..awesome!
threw a roll?
How classy o.e Why dis he do that?
xD
GM have a great day despite the rain.
For sure, with a better plan on receiving donation towards our cause.
Full name on Kotter...
Juan Luis Pedoctor Philippo DeHuevos Epstein.
I hope he 'has a note' when arriving at the pearly gates.
it was great seeing you too!
I am looking forward to wine night.
I am free this week if you have some time.
ahh ok I'm not home anymore I guess I'll try more later!
Thanks
Pepper crusted flat iron, seasonal vegetables, blue cheese and bacon mashed potatoes all for 10.95!
Beat that!!!
Going to bed so tired.
Glad my baby is happy 3
RT : Joe Budden on First Take looking like DMX when he was pretending to be a Muslim so he could kill the Minister.
Props to for taking the fight against squirrels to his backyard, hilarious talk.
: thanks for the shoutout!
I saw a kid in a stroller eating bugles at 9 am.
Why is America fat.
Part of reason is dumb ass parents.
What a nutritious breakfast
sure did!
I knew for some time they were coming  but now that it's official I am stoked.
Right by school :
Sponge Bob !!!
Morning : Im ready Im ready !
NEW PHOTOGRAPHY BLOG!!
NEW BORN PORTRAITS, CHECK IT OUT.
I hate when U know you did somthing wrong but wont admit to IT
you know what makes one a good writer?
Reading.
Yes, reading.
And not just chicklit but genres outside of your specialty
Had fun with my child ebony nd my big sis destiny!!!!
Seen oomf and was looking really cute!
do you have doctorgons?
It's really hard for me to watch hood/ amateur girls fight...just so much hair pulling and sitting on top of each other
Fat Joe and Rick Ross seeing who's fatter is
Hi people of earth follow me gal guy gay l follow back :
Friday!:D
big soccer day tomorrow:Champions League final and the playoff for the final EPL promotion spot Blackpool v Cardiff City
Winter is Past by Victoria C.
Slottoa woman's journey through fear of loss.
Thank you.
Party and stuff.
If you don't doctoram big, there's no use of doctoraming.
If you don't have faith, there's nothing worth believing.
the name sounds familiar
Yes, Save the Cat is worth reading  learning from, but before making it your Bible, consider if you want to write movies like Blank Check.
Jamming to in car strolling thru downtown back to the shop!
hi : How r u?
I wanted to ask u...
How long have u been acting?
I'm wondering cuz I'm trying to start
you coming to portland BRO???
There are 2 blazers that I need from doctor K's.
One for 's Seersucker Social.
Welcome to the paaarrrty
KARAOKE tonight at the Newsroom / safehouse
RT : s/o to my cousin for putting me on this  Love Riot CD!!
It's pure awesomeness!
// stellar worship
Miss you.
Ron Burgandy had never heard that song, so the fall was much worse...
So everyone knows..Libertarian  Embarrassed Republican.
Same, same.
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RTg
Submitted two tickets re: embedding troubles  links work in preview, but not when 'live'.
Campaign launching, would love help!
Samsung takes cell phone market lead from Nokia
Overpriced businesses tend to be replaced by superior competitors.
You think that's bad?
You don't support consumer choice?
If Roberto di Matteo isn't hired on as the fulltime manager for I'm not even sure if I should be a fan.
He's done a superb job!
Loving the passion and prompt time line haha!
hey hey I just finished performing MJ tribute show.
It was awesome!
I love better than my mother, my father, than Picasso, and even better than money.
Surrealist painter or Rick Ross, who said this?
I adopted the two on my section of 2nd St.
Costco also has some amazing deals on things!
It happens to me too lol
I was glad to find The Senator's Wife on my shelf; no clue when I bought it!
A basic nigga will wife a hoe just to have someone to call his own
In God's World; We get to observe experience That turn into patterns.
Our experience purposefully emanates into the world.
m.e.
Sean Putman Director Training and Documentation Altair Engineering, looking for better ways to make our users better
LOL.
I am so sad!
Ravens Fan for life!
Bmore forever!
Got a 73 inch 3D HDTV I can't wait to watch them on next season!
AND DECEMBER 7th ???
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT ???
thanks so much for the blog post RT Mark!
Hope all is well whether you be in the air or on the ground...
;
Just saw Return of the King extended edition on the big screen.
Such an awesome movie, it didn't even feel like 4 hrs went by.
Looking back at it now, the movie All The Presidents Men, may be one of my biggest influences.
Redford  Hoffman are superb.
Haha!
Me too!
Like if I met someone like Hillary, I'd probably forget my name too!
be totally speechless!
:
Welcome aboard!
: Great crowd today at the Rose Kennedy Greenway...
would love to see the Cup!
Looking for Solar Eclipse Viewing Glasses?
Come to the Balloon Museum Shoppe today!
Call 5058221111 for details!
In the answer to the 2nd question there is a typo.
Now  know
miss you all
Panel on Sat  2pm discusses NC textile cottage industries.
Followed by dance where a doctorss made of clay returns to the earth.
Free.
Losing weight takes Weeks  Months, Building Muscle takes Years .
Shoot me your addy and we'll send you a disc!
ok : Apparently I have been told...if you love me you have to follow my best friend You have no choice.:
Thanks!
You rock!
Ohh That's Nice
thank u!
I feel very welcomed!
Listening to Bach.
Classical: what you put on when nothing sounds good.
Well, now we know: and think the same things, but Linz does it in CAPS!
;
NCPH2012 tweeps, note the 3:00 meeting on the future of the Public Historian.
Open access advocates need to be numerous and vocal!
are you feeling okay??
nw Bad Teacher
oh u r hot lol just wanted to tell u that.
Cupcakes in your favorite Halloween flavors;snickers, almond joy, hot tamales and candy corn !..where to buy,follow
I wish I could dance or sing
Guessing Brenly screwed up.
Nieves nohitter was April 15, 1987.
Bill Schroeder of FoxSportsWisconsin caught him that night.
We bake the way trains
gaah so jealous.
Enz says to get her an autograph from someone lmao.
Have fun hun
You laughed though, didn't you
If could natively generate RSS feeds, it would be seriously powerful.
Imagine being able to transform nonpersonal email into a feed.
YES!
YES!
YES!
Congrats mister Plummer!
I think my favorite part of burning man was my boobs getting fresh air.
Ditto that!
Red Wine!
how come I can ask 3 different people the same question and get 3 different answers?
Finish up classes, play games all day : P
thanks sweetie!
XOXOX
Lions select Amari Spievey...Big Ten boy.
They are addoctorssing needs, and I like it!
Good pick at the 3rd round.
In the power invested into you two love birds I now pronouns you husband and wife you may kiss the bride
Cant believe Austin is taking such a huge step, proud of him x
Is everyone ready to watch Glee?!
:D
Do someone wanna come over and chill...im so bored
just quoted a Britney Spears tweet that included OMG.
Respect and credibility lost.
Ed Formire leaving to become deputy director of the Laguna Art Museum
wouldn't miss it!
been counting down the days
oh, awesome!
camping is definitely in order.
: we will be moving for reals at the end of April.
This is so true and just a choice!
RT : When you control your attitude you also control your life.
Kids of all ages  sign up today 4 the American Girl Holiday on Sun., Dec.
18  6pm.
Enjoy games, crafts  food celebrating these dolls!
Anybody have suggestions on movies that have voice narration?
I love those type of shows!
thanks for the prologue of my book about
I'll be happy to help to you with it!
You can DM me if you want to!
:
come visit us!
The dog is in today!
your face
It's never too late to pick up an instrument and learn how music making can be an integral part of maintaining a healthy mind and body.
sounds fun!
My next book needs a bad boy...
edu11 Lunch Don Erwin of Buffalo  Brian Paige of Oakland.
What if IT goals were Support learning outcomes  Support innovative faculty?
what are you doing?!
I JUST Watched a good ass movie
And I won't get into how El Salvador should have been playing a man down...thanks to that nice punch of Boyd.
looking forward to working with you!
Still sad we can't get heavy seas brewery beer in our keg at Good thing my house has no such limitation.
quotes We are taught to understand, correctly, that courage is not the absence of fear, but the capacity for action despite our fears.
The Republican Party now belongs to Mitt Romney, the presumptive GOP prez nominee.
The Tea Party must be sick about it!
Ditto that!
: Thanks for coming to da Burgh!
Yinz guys are the awesomest!
Excited for
Your mom went to ALL the trouble of reading that headline  forwarding it without mentioning why.
The LEAST you can say is thx.
Charles Ray in conversation at tonight, 6pm, free.
Banners 2.50 a sq ft if you call today and mention this status!
6152553825!
I don't even know what day it is.
just send me the email..I'll send the link and info regarding.
TheMoneyTeam justin B, 50 and nelly Coming out to
Let's expose the promiscuous lesbians as well
Tainted love Tuesday
Supplier of Brazilian Hardwood Flooring  Decking  Lumber
En route to Canadada.
I really hope to eat poutine.
Then Maybe We Should See Whats up with everybody and Do Something This Week Or Weekend?
Just watched the HYFR music video.
AH.
Why is doctorke so hott?
good morning to you as well
I've got a little crush...haven't had one of those in forever
RT : The Louvre's Got Game, Replaces Audio Tours With Nintendo 3DS  on.mash.to/vaY47Y
Check in between 8pm and 4am on foursquare to unlock nye badge cc:
One day, I hope to have a wrench that allows me to be selfsufficient in these terms.
Fashion, music, fun.
Lucky Magazine founding publisher Sandy Golinkin talks about the industry.
Tonite 57:30
it wasn't my goal but I'll keep mayorship safe 4 u from while ur on vaca.
Guess i'll be getting up early for awhile
Hoodmorning to from phoenix
Bases loaded on mothers day?
Where's Cervelli?
lol you silly
is to attack Lois.
Even if this person honestly believes that post, he's in the minority and I find comfort in that.
So, you lost 7 lbs in your first 9 days with Isagenix.
How's it been since then?
Just saw a kid open the door for his date.
Reminds me of
Ow ow ow fingers hurt from playing so much
Don't text me no tomfoolery this time of the night.
Not really in the mood, yo.
It's amazing how many people are on treadmills in Chicago at 5:30 AM and how many people wear fur.
Today's ELECTION DAY!
Log in to PilotsUP, click on ASUP 2011 Spring Elections and VOTE!
Seniors you can vote too!
Talking to Mom about leadership ...
when you run an office or a team, give them ownership of their world  they'll produce for you!
Every time my VPN connection to work freezes this morning, I'm deducting 5 minutes extra from my workday.
3 hour day  here I come!
s/o to the pple that be talking down on me and saying negative things bout me its just gone keep pushing me
i get it, but there are a number of variables at work, and it was only one instance.
i think some a/b tests are needed :
He's playing with my heart and I'm playing with his mind
I know a few vegetarians  vegans who might find these recipes interesting : Thanks.
Sure thing.
Hope it helps.
Get real with us: what's your BIGGEST collegeaudition fear?
Follow !!!
She's the shit!
omg...
wish I was there.
Sounds like you made it to the top?
Looking forward to video call with new partners in Shanghai tonight.
Making some great progress!
Going to try playing with a balsamic and maple glaze chicken wing, sweet potato fries and a Cobb salad.
Yes?
ugh........i'm sure things can only get better
Absolutely.
Pollack Johnny's was one of our favorites.
Well done Polish with the works!
He's just worried about getting past the first 10 pages of the Spanish Rosetta Stone book.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Chinese proverb
Lawyers Networking at conferences is simple.
Smile, be friendly, introduce yourself to others, and ask: What did you think of the panel?
Just watched BlackSwan .
Holy crap!
That was intense.
roger sterling is one of the
ITS GAMEDAY LETS GO PACKERS!!
Nah they been around to much......
sure!
We'd love to have you come by
3WordsForYou Never forget me.
Duran: Let me be crystal clear: there will not be one dime of taxpayer money used to help these undocumented students go to college
Every man has inside himself a parasitic being who is acting not at all to his advantage.
William S.
Burroughs
Stay Spirited show your team pride!
JT has got what you need for any tailgate.
Bruised a rib but got 4th place.
Won 15 bucks!
Cyclocross ftw.
I like u 2 and U SKIT
we eat so many scrimp.
Completely agree.
Great article.
I just woke up to.
Haha.
Very long week.
But hey there's The Masters and time to rest this weekend.
Do you know about this spam impersonating u?
Recv'd it this morning in the email linked to my Y!
acct.
HTML attached w/ enc.
JS.
Not yet.
If it's too hard to do, don't sweat it.
justlikedat dumb shit every time, i hustle hard getting money!
As housing market limps along, proximity to surrounding svcs incr in importance.
Opportunity for better loc svc provision
We're stoked.
We perform right before them.
Check us out if u can.
6pm same stage.
Teeth are the hardest substance in the human body.
Hadn't listened to 's 'The Photo Album' in awhile.
If possible, I think I love it even more this go 'round.
Magical!
My fiance is 37 and I call her a Cougar.
35  cougar.
Got another snow day coming on!!!!
Time to put on my sweater and brave the great outdoors.
Thank you.
I've become an incredible person since I met you!
mayne wassup let's get in the lab this week ?
My butt bone litterally hurts.
Wtf happened to me
The Derby girls and Carmen aren't impressed by the guys' lame attempt to impress them with matching pink shirts.
im so glad i bought a poster last night 3 if i had waited i wouldn't have gotten one :
Good luck at Marquette !
TED make me freak out!
It is the time when 32,000 years of human pondering are finally answered without uncertainty.
On my way to Brooklyn to take class!
Yay!
My friends have the stupidest ideas.
Thank you for the overwhelmingly awesome response to our Brazilian Blowout special!
We're so excited to share this with you!
When diluted, clove oil can be used to numb your gums, mouth and teeth during a toothache.
GET HIM OFF MY TV!
It's FatTire Friday  Copper Top bottom of Peak 9 w/DJ Cyn!
Starts at 2:30...Come get a beer after shreddin the powder!
This is the first time a Knicks playoff win has been celebrated on a social networking website.
thanks to you, it was a great presentation and good context for
I am so grateful for you!!!
3 have great days!!
Sorry Ziemer, this is the NFL doctorft, not the MLS doctorft.
RT : What about Alex Tanney from Monmouth, Oatesy!
Jane Velez Mitchel can hold her own...
I am going to give HootSuite a try  looks like it can handle multiple twitter accounts
o woah....:O i could NOT wait THAT long xD
It all started with me correcting you on a typo.
There's a big difference between a mass demonstration and a riot.
.
.
And at least there were ballots to recount.
.
Watched a sad movie over the weekend.
I realized my niece warned me not to rent it.
Why didn't I remember?!!
: Thank you to for supporting vs Justin Vernon!!
Thank you for making amazing music!
:
That's funny.
I keep reading it as Delphi and thinking of the oracle, the vaporinduced visions, etc..
Had fun with a girls volleyball team  playing with their minds.
They loved it and are coming back for the show tonight.
Big shout out to Washington Redskin players and for always finding the time to help those who are less fortunate.
cool stuff.
i forgot what i was about to tweet SoLeya .'
Tweeting to all my twats
great q.
I've got an underwater photo of sea anemones, a deer bone, raw amethyst  some sea shells.
Oh and a geode.
paleozoic?
Wanna go for a doctorve?
Or race
I just can't buy RoryGilmore SisterhoodOfTheTravelingPants as seductress especially with the pasty and bloodless
Done!
Clicked on it six times, haha.
Apparently you should invest your bonus in some prime island real estate!
thank u
Thanks boo!
xoxo
Don't Follow Me  Then Unfollow Me .
Lol I'ma Unfollow You Right Back !
Couch getting fixed!
Then time to get out and run and enjoy the day!
RT : RT : Who's ready to watch 's today?
RipTheRunway Amateur Model Search lets see how they work!
I hate my family.
My gramdma cant speak up for herself and my mom cant shut up.
Its rediculous.
I'm glad your first ever Tweet was to me!
:
You can add Flacco to that list, whether he is truly at that level or not, Ravens are committed long term.
You are your own problem and solution.
craving SundayFunday asap.
My Miami people gotta follow Great stuff.
Real personable and a fun way to follow a baseball squad.
At triumph church sugar land
Another disagreement between me and I'm for  she's for !
just like last year!
Haha better be!
:p
Life is a fucking mess atm, thank god i have , Love you3
Blessed to have a job because daytime television is shit
Can we agree it's hard to pitch in the majors?
Like, pretty difficult.
Can someone PLEASE explain how CHRIS DAVIS shutout the Sox for 2?
It's Sprada day!
Most people call it Sweetest Day but since I am the sweetest person ever it's MY holiday.
How are you celebrating?
Good to see annehathaway busting her butt in the gym today.
catwoman would be proud
What a huge success this road show is...I am humbled by all the support and people coming up saying how much they love my toffee!
Cheers you hot ass boy!
peeks in RT : back off bitch lol RT Goodness your exceptionally hot: Hi sweetie
Speaking to a professorssional Practices class at Cornish this afternoon  just finished putting together my slides.
Love the fact I get done work so early lol then jus chill for the rest of the day 
R.I.P.
Donna Summer
LIKE NOAH YOU HAVE FOUND FAVOR Wickedness and evil are all around!
But you have FOUND FAVOR in the eyes of the LORD.
Sir Court
Anybody wanna help me get to 200 followers????
that's a good way to describe it.
yeah u had to get in trouble!!!!
No luv from u!
I kicked that tests ass!
Woohoo!
Crazy sexy cool
And now rude boy?
Oh pandora, you shouldn't have!
I saw a man eating out of a garbage can, so I offered him my turkey sandwich.
He told me, No thanks, I don't eat turkey.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
hi.
so i kinda really love your laugh  the way you smile  pretty much everything else about you.
so ya, bye.
I know you guy are coming to Indy soon, but that's not close to my house!!
So come to either kokomo or Lafayette!!!
Idaho attorney, David Nevin representing 911 conspirators at Gitmo  has the gall to whine that theyd been tortured.
We're busy getting clients ready for trade shows including AGG1 NPE2012 and ISRI2012 Trade show season is in full swing!
365 days till im grown
We're on the same wavelength!
I'm in Portland today.
Sorry I missed you!
Let's talk soon...
aye when's the next song you have
uneven was the knock on it...was that the case?
and you got tto learn something about me!
Lol
Gotta love some like it hot on a good day indeed.
Thanks !
We have more than 750 locations across the country!
Turner Field I20
She's great!
Hope to see you there...
flowers are blooming.
Intimate Salons also have their purpose.
Serious props to those yogis out there.
Just finished my 2nd class and it is very challenging.
It ain't no joke.
that's when I wanted to go !
and uhm , if she wants to yeah I guess :
if it isn't causing problems w/ cars  no one gets hurt who cares if someone takes a sled down a road.
Makes me want to go.
Enjoy reading part 8...
lol sorry it sucks!!!!
Why you need a website USC event today: 4:30pm THH 102 featuring speakers  dessert!
sent you and email..
Thx
Need to start shedding the 'cruise pounds' from my trip last week......I'll start right after this cookie.....
Do Persians give socks to everyone during the holidays like Asians LOL?
Very jazzy selection :
That's right: I'll find folks and hunt them down, and force them into following me to get my Great Resources :P
today will be the death of me.
Reluctantly passed on tonight's Meatpocalypse to avoid spreading my hacking cough.
Playing COD instead, so feel free to send a game invite.
unlike some loser actually just made my day SUPER MAD SHOUT OUT TO U!!!
Team fb
What does LOVE look like to you?
Agreed.
you totally took the words right out of my mouth
Manchester is down 21 to Norfolk, and hosts game 4 tomorrow.
never heard of it.
Nice half pickle though...
I think you should follow in 's steps and follow me lol ;D Savan knows what he's doing :p
Yes!
Michael Buble has a new book!
Extra tired n i need 2 start running again
Hello Jeff!
Thank you for the follow!
I enjoy connecting with other Sacramentans!
RT : Saw The Island Pres.
last night.
Very recommended!
Great story of democracy 
This is absolutely terrifying news...goodbye freedom of the press.
What a dangerous precedent to set.
are they super fem gays?
Hahaha!!
I can only imagine what that game of call of duty is like.
I would b confused too.
Lol!
What do you think will be the biggest targets for hackers with cloud computing?
Yes sir!
Im from San Francisco and season ticket holder Sec 143.
Im coming may in the panda suit and trying to launch in the bay
where at?
I think it's funny how you finish the day and lay down and realize just how much your legs hurt.
Good day.
do you keep things in the back of your phone case?
i know i do RT if you do the same thing 3
POW !
RT : Good morning how about a follow on this beautiful Wednesday all the way from Toronto :
RT It's just one of them days....
the rain is all I can say
My album doctorps may 25th
THANK YOU so much!
Your work in the community is amazing and your music is a delight!
WORD!
Good morning everyone.Don't friend your boss on twitter or facebook i have a block on his whole family.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
If you love two people at the same time chose the 2nd because if you were really inlove with the 1st you would have never fallen for the 2nd
throat so sore!!!
counting down the minutes til I can get out of steenbock and into my new sheets
She dont even feel right without me
Let's Go HEAT!!!
bingo!
RT : Empowered Patients must go into Doc Appt w/ a PLAN.
Well, yes.
But we knew that already.
Earnest users of the social medias.
S/o to brought the new year in right.
Make sure to check back for more chef announcements.
Great chefs and even better food!
Wow i feel like i got hit by a Ford Taurus.
This is the only time of year that I see 4 am multiple nights in a row.
Love Key West
yeah definitely
Just saw Jason.
It made me sad.
True story.
It is going to be in the 90s most of the week, with heat indexes of up to 110F!
How are you and your family beating the heat this week?
PLZ FOLLOW ME !
FOLLOW  I BE THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD3j'ADORE LAVIE EN ROSE .
jE T'AIME BEAUCOUP!!
you should search up your name and see what comes up
still up grinding..
i have so much to learn about this business and i have a boss that works hard..i have to match his intensity
RT hey swag daddy please follow me3
Time for my powernap :
Man in Mirror on  Subway.
Wonder if my sandwich artists were inspired by the greatest.
Or was he singing to the Man in the sneeze guard?
'Revenge' Chicks: Who'd You Rather?
how was the track meet ?
I love Sonic!:D
Sent you the first Sample of your Productions Intro Song.
Next time my daughter makes me get up  3am to line up for AI...
Steven Tyler better be there to give me a kiss
you and your fried Oreos.
This little girl just really feel back to sleep on my back and her face is on mine oh hell nah pune
Anyone want a Wordpress plugin to display 17 of your social media professorles?
If so, just reply...
Gah!
RT : Or sell naming rights.
What's not to love about the Philip Morris Newbery Award?
RT A wise wo/man will make more opportunities than s/he finds.
Francis Bacon
Whos home from school and ready to play at highland tmister??
aw yall up a little..
Cab is smooth tho..
Once you on the strip you aint gonna want to leave it..
Er'body on it lol
why would you do that to them?
For your own personal pleasure?
Cain and Abel got nothin' on them.
Pink Eye will last 35 days.
And though its not life threatening or dangerous, it is highly contagious and uncomfortable....
Is it really?I almost saw it but then went to the site.
You have to admit that they're not helping there cause with the site.
I mean, I think at a certain point you've gone on enough vacations!
There have been too many instances in my life where GOD has proven he is real.Prayer with 100 percent faith really works!
Spartanburg Ham radio pioneer wins national thankyou  Spartanburg Herald Journal
50 shades of grey is getting so addicting
thatawkwardmoment when ur digging the songs played where you are  then rainbow connection starts playing..
0.o LOL ;
I'm so hurt
All you touch and all you see, Is all your life will ever be.
Pink Floyd, Breathe
God night 3
cant attack ' theories b/c he simply does not engage to truly challenging counter
Left the tavern.
Now on to REAL, hopped at the table beer with and THE wife.
Merry Christmas, everyone.
Remember, reach out to friends  neighbors who don't feel so joyous on this joyous day.
hey guys i will e starting a youtube accout but idk what kinds of videos should i make??
tweet some ideas please
Crackle has free movies.
Checked it out.
Can't wait to watch 17 diff versions of Godzilla, Beverly Hills Ninja and Das Boot.
: Mad Miami lost they weak
Much appreciated!
Let us know what they say about it!
Brewer crew up 8.5 .
Good night
With that said, let me carry my ass to the salon.
why haven't the NIck Parents' Pick winners been announced?
i'm dying here...
Correct RT No one knows what it is like for a child to be abused by an adult; stop behaving as if it is not a big deal.
your such a pussy
Great team lunch with developers Good discussions on cloud and building incredible things for customers like never before!
I'm always hesitant to blame magic, but I think it's safe to say that the Browns are cursed.
Oh no we do NOT do turtle necks.
looking for RoR leads in Southern FL and NYC.
Send resumes and referrals to
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
Ben Hogan
RT : More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines.
I don't know what happened to common sense and intelligence.
And I don't know if I should worry or laugh.
Welcome to the exciting world of Twitter!
: Looking forward to reading some Tweets on Friday.
Open your eyes, and witness the destruction.
Open your ears, and hear what you've become.
Like Water Out The Sky
Thanks for the RT!
oh yea we about to do that
Thanks again!
:
I'd say you're in good shape.
Vick alone can run for days.
And one Vick to DeSean bomb pretty much seals the deal
Great day, while pingfederate pingone  better together, consensus says the ultimate is bacon  bacon  better together :
Excuse me, did you just quote Bible, in this conversation, in order to get your way?
Paradox  Life is a mystery, don't waist time trying to figure it out.
Haha...
And come on Eileen : 100 homo :
One period down.
You guys got this Go Pens!!!
Happy Easter
: Our message at 100k followers is to tweet each other well  to spread good vibes.
lifeisgood optimism passion
I was that unmotivated student in my 1st online class.I wrk so much bttr interacting live.
contributing 2 online convo
Extremely disappointed to learn that Indians pitcher Fausto Carmona is actually named Roberto Hernandez.
I've been a Rangers fan forever...
We gave him all that bread and this nigga changed our team.
LOL
Indiana with 20 wins.
Coach Crean has brought the program back to std tonight.
Our website is up!
Check it out: www.phuongnhuanddan.ourwedding.com Aaandlet me know if there are any typos :
BandsILove One Direction duh!
a nap sounds amazing.
Deactivate pants
Finally a break from Baton film set.
Hitting the dirty dirty with film friends.
THANK GAWD!!!!!
None of my followers tweet me.
What the hell.
foreveralone nofriends tweetme :
Im sittin here n the corner lookin  ya pics  fallin n love w/ u all over again and missin you more then ever b4 OMG i miss u BOODAH BODI
You know your town has hit the BIG TIME when Matt Savage arrives...!!!
Just a little :
Its never too late to get your holiday cards.
can help, order by December 22nd.
I always say I like Kentucky and Baylor, the most talented teams in the NCAA but I chose NC to win it all this year!!
FinalFour!!!!
It's a balmy March morning here in richmond va...operating as a social media goddess until 11, then morphing back to editor status
i wish i work all the hours god sends.
No time to party :
My dog is ill today
I imagine that is a huge amount of money for a show that's on a cable network.
www.flickr.com/groups/transmodernfestival JOIN OUR FLICKR GROUP!
I think the fact that I've been real busy this week is making the time fly by
I'm thinking about how weird one of my customers is quite a love/hate relationship.
He's only nice to me when I'm mean to him...exhausting!
fuuuuck i forgot all about it haha
RT : Success is buried on the other side of rejection.
Tony Robbins
my mom says those are near indestructible.
they can survive off almost no light and will perk up w/ h2o after looking wilted
Yeah...true.
He just needs to put some ice on it.
Master P Was Sexy Thenna Btch !
This was my entire morning.
Still overdoctorssed :
so go out and enjoy that CALIWEATHER With family and friends.
Life ain't about TV.
wow I really wish you didn't point that out because now I can't help but notice it.
Really?
: where do you park?
My Cocker,Lily was diagnosed w/diabetes 3 wks ago, and w/in a few hrs yesterday, she went blind, she's only 6,  I was laid off the week b4
If you are coming to the Heartland Worship Institute....get your deposit in before the price goes up soon!!
oh really sir : lol
We need something to revive us.
yea she's gonna be 2 in 2 wks.!
:
Life is sweet.
Amazing food.
Great music.
Good scene.
WorstRapLineEver young based god it's nothing 55 Bieber swag off the meter 50 on my shhh cause I look like Bieber  lil b
I've watched the first 2 seasons of MadMen in ten days.
I think I have a problem.
Time to cut a Bitch!
setting across from Georgia bench.
I think I heard some crickets!
One request tonight :: Being present.
Taking careful.
: Philly is one corner of the Douchebag Triangle
You're going to be at BlogHer?
And I'm going to miss it this year!
That just isn't right.
This is his 14th 500.
Numerology has a funny way of working things out at Daytona.
I feel like we're married, it seems like we are always together.
The article brings up some interesting points.
But they're recording it now, released in an hour; and commentators are not allowed to discuss it.
oh, we are of the same age era...'66 for me.
I'll be at the CBS studio tomorrow rooting for you!
Heat vs Knicks is gonna be better than any other series
what did you get?
haha and same here just waking up
Lol facepalm RT : Yeah,  their new ass't coaches suck!
ohwait RT : Hilarious.
Only the new, NEW Big East
ok i have benn trying to look for girlfriendmagazine in almost every store i can find in tampabayFL  i have noluck :/
Lawl at least I'm not the only one
I wish I did  agree with you that the site's a nightmare.
I've about given up.
Merp!
Will look into this.
Thankfully our alums pay meticulous attention to detail!
Could you give a bit more info???
The rumors are crazy!
leave me da fuck alone bro
Add pizza to your list!
: It's official  LA can suck NY's butt when it comes to bagels and Chinese food.
Hm ...
according to my web site stats, Twitter users click links less than FB, LinkedIn, Google and Pinterest users!
WTF!
Wake up!
i love you!
you're my inspiration .
Why Am I not surprised to see the Tigers losing?
Follow for live tweets from the Woodoctorff Lecture at 11.
Yes.
RT : Seriously???
RT : Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
yes what u up to
there is nothing I hate more in the world the mistaking raisin for chocolate chip!
Re; I agree Walter.
They were wonderful people and an inspiration to an entire community.
My mommy is supper happy today she got a cake ..
She got new everything and her FAV seafood.
She's just super happy n that makes me happy !
yeah right Lmao
stop by our patio for some great food and fresh doctornk while you're in town!
baby you so fine
tweet copper to others who have said this as well  a.k.a Everyone
Niggas really just wanna do some cool shit tonight
thanks for the follow.
How's the weather out in Boulder today?
Fuckin Artest Lmaooooo!!!
Omg how I hate the.
Get that dick out yo mouf and speak English bro.
The fuck u just say?
U egg head ass alien
I think we're going to have to add Rex hospital brunch into the rotation after long runs.
Kyrie Irving is unreal.
This game.
god no, I haven't watched terminator.
But time traveling robots sound bad.
Maybe I can fend them off w/ some fembots
My acne :
This is a bad, bad idea RT Chen back out for the 8th at 105 pitches.
color me impressed.
world power
Almost went to bed with contacts in.
that's my song!
got my 10 year highschool reunion coming up!
is it possible for someone to be cute, but ugly at the samee time ?
is so gorgeous so sweet, and so talented i hope she follows me :
Some people need 12step twitter help...
30 tweets a minute is crazy
Thinking it'd be nice if I could find a Twitter Barter System for Fiction Authors Like reviews, real intros, bail me out, I'll bail out u.
Developing story nurse arrested at OHSU on child porn charges.
We're updating information as it comes in
I'm in the U.S.
but as soon as I graduate I want to move to AUS :
Congrats to Suzan Santosus for becoming the first female champion of The PalmBeach School for Autism's
getting expresso..
and enjoy the day..
be back with updates...
my boi friend is being a dick
get at me, got some more unreleased shit me and Reese did to help out the cause!
Happy B Day
I definitely second that!!
:
Got a link handy to twitter list of 99conf attendees and/or speakers?
haha I tried to get someone to work for me I just couldnt :
Been laying awake in bed since midnight, hoping the rain will help me sleep so tired :
Fielder in DC tonight to sign contract...
A: 18  answered first!:
Brake system fluid changed, and good news on the life of my brake hardware.
Hopefully the flush fixes the problem.
Trying it out, so far so good.
TweetDeck was giving me some display and login issues.
hahaha bless ya!
Should have come earlier

my girlfriend is shopping there right now.
whoever you don't start will have a great game.
Go with the better offense.
Round the world in 10 jobs: In this top 10, we wring the mileage out of a travel analogy and celebrat..
im really not looking forward to this race tomorrow
Broken pencils are pointless.
Thanks for following me too :D x
sorry!
We actually went to the basketball game since they bumped those games to the practice fields
mke the damn tweet :
good night Twittie Birds!
literally just beat off in my bathroom
that sounds cool
when will you be there!!
Looks like this guy I caught in the rain with no umbrella Ella Ella
I think I might isolate myself from everyone for a little bit.
I'm tired of constantly getting shit on.
Today is a new day, life decisions to be made.
Tho it may offend some, the choice is yours, and ultimately u decide whether ppl or situa ...
eating indian vadei at almost midnight..
jeez.
i wonder why im getting fatter everyday.
Singapore just has too much good food.
Happy birthday to the cheese stick swag master
Okay, if one begged and begged for something they want, would you give it to them ?
Or it just doesn't matter...
In Norway new parents get 12 months off with 80 pay.
But they have an extremely high cost of living.
McNabb needs to stick to his gig at He is rather funny on there.
Thanks for favoriting my Tweet
From birthday girl Sylvia Angel: Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa
Half way through Phillip Pullman's The Amber Spyglass....loving every second of it!
Elena
I can't wait to spend the entire weekend with my girls 
Everybody kicked back at home
check your email
Well, iPad plus doctorpbox is sweet.
But the new one will be better than the current version if you can hold out till spring.
Cudahy?RT : Friday trivia: what country has the highest per capita beer consumption?
Because I mistakenly hit RT instead of Reply.
:
magic  progressive spirit, from the taste of it.
Mixologist says vodka, peachrose tea syrup, HUM botanicals, bitters
Merry Christmas!!!!
Order a poetry plaque by Monday and it'll be there for Christmas morning.
Call, text, email or message me.
no don't delete.
Think of all the robots you will put out of work!
Hope you're having fun, Pong!
Getting n at XSport Fitness
With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects
Why wait until Monday to love ur job?
CAbi is so wonderfully flexible u can love ur job anytime.
I think they switched Call Of Duty with not Call Of Duty,
Anyone with ideas on places to see and/or dine at in Albany, NY and Lenox, MA?
Appreciate any suggestions!
I usually don't.
I just like her.
Just left my agency's CFC Kickoff.
The groups I already give my time will also get my .
How about you?
Watching Hulk with Viggle Wed  6:35  Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Welcome to the dustbowl TX state.
Don't forget to vote against Aaron Rodgers in the Madden cover contest.
this hour is most powerful.
this a powerful hour.
I HATE Wen Niggas / Females Say Dnt Give Head Or Eat Da Box Lol I beg To Differ , I mean STFU its A Prt of Good Sex Jus DNT Do Everybdy Lbs
Went to bed late last night overly excited about a new business card design to the point where I could not sleep well.
designing rocks.
you know it;
I want food...
Some people are full of themselves
3 started the faith last night.
Started flagging quotes, but no dog ears, promise!
I hate these twats that quote Ghandi and shit on their Tweets/Myspace/Facebook etc..
GET OVER YOURSELF!!!
FUCK YOU!
Can't...
leave...
my TV...
These games doctorve me nuts.
Rick Santorium is now asking for donations to end his campaign debts.
Just say no hand outs allowed.
My childoctorn's teachers have been mispronouncing his ethnic name and repeatedly spelling it wrong despite correction.
How livid should I be?
Either Carbon wants to cuddle because he knows I'm sad, or because I have a heated blanket.
lol I know I was joking
dude let it go .
New temp employee 2 housing counseling volunteers, 2 office volunteers!
We are ready August 15th!
hey your nba pregame show is better w/o stu.
Itll improve massively if you replace a certain hall of famer w/ CWebb
where are you all playing?
sweet, I hope everyone else thought so too!!
Beyonce is our generations Tina Turner Believe dat!!
Tea, a pen, and a blank notebook.
time to put in some work on new lyrical material
relaxing and staying out of the sun, 104 out there today, yikes
I Miss You But If I Gave You Another Chance Im Afraid You Will Hurt Me Again!
/3 :,
Promoters Just Follow Me, Ima Give you Some Swag!
Cause I Got the Belt!!!!
i need that notebook .
morning to you and yours.
I'm SO ready for
its big rite now cuz soo BIG!!!!!
your suits are awesome...wish I was in Cali to shoot them for you.
Hi WH Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
they aren't just workers.
You could more easily replace the owners than the players without affecting the product.
MSM reporting lies...figures.
They are tools of the government and corporstions
3 of the most famous yoga exercises for weight loss
Today!!!
Brass Monkey Milwaukee goes Honkey Tonkin!!
Live Country Music by Willow Creek Band!!
The Twang starts at 1pm!!!
what do u want?
He/she should be the 1person in ur life u never have to lie to.
No matter how fucked up the truth makes u seem
huge things I think!
Glad it went well RT : Great session tonight with Mike Mac and everyone.
Shoulda got they twitter joints...thx
just realized I sent a tweet to the wrong
You got it, Justin!
Everything I said was very true!
:
Thanks, guys!
omg, you have a more expensive camera than me, it doesnt mean it makes you any better than me.
30 followers : Gahh i know its not much but i thank them for following me!:
Just burnt my wrist :
There is nothing less original than attacking popular culture.
Wiser words have never been spoken.
Thanks for the follow, Terri!
We're practically neighbors!
I haven't had any doctorma in my life since I cut you out of it
Tired, sore, just wanted to stay in bed....but...off to the gym.
Days like today make the difference!
Make it great!
The awkward moment when someome asks you what's wrong and they are the problem
the world is ours, if we want it we can take it, if you just take my hand3
awesome!
used to play open mic at the union in madison with Mike  you guys are gonna kill it!
too bad we're not in ia.
now
Les Enluminures will be at the NY Antiquarian Book Fair: Park Av.
Armory b/w 66th  67th Str.
This Fri and Sat noon to 8 pm/Sun.
until 5 pm
When will you be performing in the NYC area.
LMFAAO !
word now they gon eat people !
RUN!
Haha I actually picked Canada.:
Overheard two old men arguing about motorcycles, scooters,  bicycles.
Seems they shouldnt have road rights.
Especially scooters  bikes.
:
Has Justin finally followed you yet?
m can't wait!
I'm not a Whomaniac by any means, but it is awesomely entertaining.
Also, I swoon over Matt Smith so that helps.
Pats lost...i'm extremely disappointed .
I know ALL about cloning.
I AM a clone  me, today
This documentary on black holes just blew my mind.
Black holes could be the other side of a Big Bang/another universe?!
Isn't it fun getting older?
is really a terrible fallacy.
That's like saying I prefer doctorving an old car with a flat tire.
Kate Hepburn
So what records will you be looking for at PVC 2?
Screw margaritasall I'll be thinking about on Cinco de Mayo is NYC has everything...except the best beer ever.
Word on road is that the click about to blow.
doctorke
are flying in from San Francisco and searching for a gig in Dublin on Friday May 4th, anyone know a decent place?
so we can try and cheat on the replays now?
Senator Durbin Producer Fest The friend of the Illinois farmer!
woo hoo!
i had a monster today and it was green..
it reminded me of the
Japan Airlines plans to relist its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as the next step in its recovery from bankruptcy.
Oscar nominations.
Bleh.
Music does make everything better.
If you love christian music, you should check us out!
Did you remember to fall back this weekend?
We have new fall/winter hours!
Beginning today, we will close at 7 p.m.
on weekdays.
Will they miss me
Canon U.S.A.
Announces Expanded Laser Printer Lineup with Two New imageRUNNER LBP Models
Dear student: I choose to believe that you simply don't realize how racist you sound.
The alternative is too painful.
Make sure you hit up our Facebook Page www.facebook.com/christmaseverydayclothing
Thanks and for a great presentation!
The all star race is going to be awesome and GO JR.
Hwating!!!!
Im constantly reminded why I hate the Chinatown metro station.
How is it possible there are no station operators working?
I like how some of the pianists have given the bass a solo.
It shows how they comp.
Some are better at it than others.
Or, Instantly connect important everywhere.
What's really good??
I guess we all gon get used from time to time....
Or at least they try to.
Ladies, use them before they do u.
Is calling a girl 'shorty' still cool?
New Girl
why is 1D moving to the U.S?
ugh they're so annoying.
I'm so happy you're coming home 3
Density of liquor stores in a neighborhood is linked to increased violent crime.
We've got 8.1 liquor stores per 10,000 residents.
I WILL NEVER STOP BEING A ZSWAGGER!!!!!
Oh shit!
You went to MSG?!
it's big, huh?
My dad actually owns 2 seats in that arena!
Wtf man precious always tripping,she ignoring me and sht
thoughtcatalogpitches RT : My next essay is called Enmity and the Internal Politics of TeamFollowBack
hmm, let's don't go down that road ...
said she who hasn't posted since February!
New cover soon!
: What song should I do?
Someone like you, or Rolling in the deep by Adele?
Need answers soon!
:
text me back.
I didn't see anything
even more beautiful.
She was a very happy little girl.
She loved Kittycats, hula hooping, dolls, baking cookies, and doctorss up.
But most
Life seems to always be feast or famine
Lunch with and
Aint no doubt about it
They named Hill of Grace after he slept there.....
I Don't Sugar Coat Shit , I Tell It How It Is .
Who are the ICONic Boyz?
In Math: My solution.
In history: My kings.
In chemistry: My reactions.
In Art: My heart.
In me: My inspirations.
or you could just be really coo like me ;
idk why i keep checking my dms.
: Im definately about to gone in doctorp this stack for a Macbook pro...cant deal with this laptop much longer yu balling BF lol
Congrats guys!
RT : A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012!
Go Team Fresh!!
you rock, Jenna!
Did you know that in the new space there will be a white board in your name?
More bad news: ..the plume of radiation being given off by the plant show that an elongated cloud will stretch across the Pacific,NYT
Tatte is tasty, isn't it?
We should have breakfast there soon!
the ONLY thing I will be sad about when the season officially changes: packing up my corduroys.
go back to bed :
Busy day.
School all day then audition then skype interview for DisneyInfonet .
Busy is good
Looking for a great leader to lead this country?
Look in the mirror!
It is the American people who need to take charge.
Trust in yourself.
Everyone make sure to wish a very Happy Birthday.
He is just so awesome.
Idk why but when i think bout oomf my stomach feel weird
thats a great question ..
when does the keg of arrive??
TY RT Hope to see you at BizMomsKnow Twitter Chat today :D
If there's one thing my mommah taught me, it's never to accept sushi rolls from strange men in parking garages.
Today, I made mommah proud.
nd my new one aint come yet
oh yea i love my new icon : i love Logan with all my life :
let me check with him today.
I work until 430.
You can send a message on fb if you want!
something about the left side of his face GOP SOTU responder Gov.
Mitch Daniels not want us to see?
Who's going to see Polvo in Chicago on Saturday?
San Antonio Silver Stars fall to Seattle Storm 7864.
Silver Stars fall to 117 on the season.
Only 3 more weekends until Last Night at the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre.
Have you bought your tickets yet?
They see me tumblin They hatin!
If the truth be known, most successes are built on a multitude of failures.
dion is about to doctorp 25 a game on the way to new orleans
thanks for the edible arrangement...made my night ;
dear cody simpson....when you come to moline, illinois we DEF have to meet up again.
:
hoping to release Seizure No.
2 in August...
Well fine then.
Turned on Derby and said I vote for purple not knowing names/info/stats/etc.
And purple won.
Clearly I'm psychic.
Weight room
BB Pin:28386760 Hola!
Add me I'm Naufal pin:28386760 ,Only Girls and Normal
I am REALLY enjoying rain in Austin, Texas.
It's been WAY too long since we had any.
Cooler too.
Listening to the Yahel Show on DI.FM.
It rocks.
Wow what a puss.
Starts this shit and ends it quickly.
We give the win to easily.
No good comebacks by Frank
I'm headed to Boston this weekend and look forward to your post on North Shore used bookstores :
way possible.
: Awww, all the people who 'Like' our page, you are awesome!!!!
Thanks!!!!
Development Team
do you have any details on Spring Fling?
Is it just shops this year?
I heard the beer garden/music was cancelled ...
even more of a deterrent fr tanking...I like it.
Aren't yours and BJ's covers just different views of the same guy?
Guess what!
Big News!!
Got a puppy today!!
Guess what kind?!
The sandwich  the burrito are also amazing ;
Meryl Streep will win Best Actress but if she DIDN'T I would LOVE to see Michelle Williams or Rooney Mara  AMAZING TALENTS!
my mom says she's been married so much she dont know who the first one was HateLies3Trust
May Bike Month is approaching, but when gas hits 5/gal it will be a Must Bike Summer.
that's fast though!
Be careful
Let's hope there are no mentions of Pookie or house slippers in POTUS's remarks today.
I'm finally seeing that life can get good again, even after the worst crap imaginable.
Crap's the best fertilizer.
Frenchys Original Cafe weekend specials: Fried Flounder basket with fries  slaw 9.95...Calypso Cooler doctornk for 6
C'mon Hill...brining out that Brip Streep ball down in MIA is not going to fly.
RT : My 4 year old 2day asked me y Pres O  Romney couldn't both B halfPresident?
Then she asked same abt Mufasa  Scar in...
I nominate 4 a Shorty Award in lifesavinghero b/c w/ SM he's prev at least 5 suicides  prevented Columbinelike shooting.
great stuff man, thanks!
I'm going to use it in my blog tomorrow
That looks like fun!
check out at they offer pretty good SEO services
Pretty will swallow you forever
Sweet doctorams and Good Night Los Angeles!
I was too excited about my Grand Slam that I ate it too fast and forgot to Instagram it for you.
dang what the dog do
Just met and  they're Kokomoans!!!
indianatweeple So nice to meet u!
Ron Brooks Bills Jersey Nike  Buffalo Bills select LSU CB Ron ...
Simply to argue the feelingfulness of music cuts many ways and we too often overlook those that are deleterious
Amazing bumper sticker alert: THE OLDER I GET, THE MORE EVERYONE CAN KISS MY ASS
Richmond is among the top Most WellRead Cities in America by Keep reading Greater RVA!
I hear you man.
I saw white tourists posing with smiling riot cops down there, probably a lil different vibe for minorities
Will I be seeing your happy face this Friday at Wine Week??
aboutme i think penguins are adorable
Severe T'storm Watch for entire viewing area until 7pm
i mean bro
Not to be THAT guy, but I was at the Galarraga IMperfect game Tigers Indians Me and my friend were actually on TV
Start your weekend off right, stop by for a scone and a tea or coffee before you close up shop!
Omg I think the older me is at the next table!
awkward salt moment when cotto loses....
if you have any questions, feel free to hit us up.
Oh, happy day Glam Girl!
8D RT : Happy Birthday to me!
an economy we can't support in my opinion for one.
Congrats, Cheryl!
You've won a complimentary ASHAspa massage!
many many cody but I found the real one !!!!
Its !!!!
someday i will have kids, and they will have a buzz lightyear and woody doll.
9:15 SHARP set time at subterranean tonight...don't blow it...last 2011 show fuckers
and with that I am done writing seminar papers, presumably for life
The more someone looks like us the more we are likely to help them, scientist find
15 minutes?
You saying you'd deliver?
:
no ; you know how this works.
absolutely!!!
Thanks Ellis!
RT : Thank you for a great talk  video experiment at tonight's
Does anyone have a teleporter I can borrow?
Please?
AVATAR NEW YORK Senior Software Engineers for an awesome studio based in San francisco for more info contact .uk
your tweets are crazy.
fartpizza?!
Your hashtags are whack.
Just finished preparing Grilled Portabello Mushroom and Onion Sandwiches with Hummus to measure and list steps for the cookbook...
YUM!
id get in trouble hey i got to go they're gonna give me painkillers n something to fall asleep ttyl love ya dnt forget me
You're welcome!
Just deleted 685 pictures from my phone!
Still going through them:
how did slice the movie go?
Are you guys hosting these events?
RT : Woo Rick Flair lol RT : hola love how u been ?lol u got jokes nerd?
Does anybody Tether for a long time period of time if so how long and how much date WUD one use?
Hah!
I honestly didn't know they had a fan base.
I assumed their home games were filled with the other team's fans.
More results soon.
They are recapping doctorver from last night now.
Affordable housing  short commutes  rich cultural environment  great sports  leisure opportunities  low business overhead 
Don't be misled  you cannot mock the justice of God.
You will always harvest what you plant.
Galatians 6:7 BLESSED DAY ALL : 
Just know that I know.
Still floating on the wknd; absolutely loved solo bellydancing w/4piece jazz band  6piece Egyptianstyle band.
Improv is the best!
picsoon
art I love to doctorw and music cause I love making music 3
Last hashtag should have been
surprisingly, a lot.
lol your right
Lady: I'm a temporary appointee to my reference job, and I just applied for the permanent position.
Fingers crossed!
Diamond Cabinets Introduces a Fresh Batch of Kitchen and Bath Cabinet Styles ...
MarketWatch
I'm responding.
Girls being pimped out by their mothers IS my business.
Good morning!
Might be a bit emotional about returning to the US...
woman in elevator asked if I was enjoying my holiday  I almost burst into tears.
It's going to be 93 here today...
I'm not going nowhere I'm staying in
Let's keep rolling, right into recalls!
The Dolphins must hate winning.
We got my nigga out 
Pessimist : A person who says that O is the last letter of ZERO, instead of the first letter in word OPPORTUNITY.
thanks for the support looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21 Hope you can make it!
Haven James is playing
thanks for the RT
Thanks...
RT : Thornton just blew it for Humber.
Walk, wild pitch, then gave up 2 RBI double to Dyson.
Royals up, 21.
hahahaha sry and dink : and I'm missing u in a best friend way to haha
thanks my jaw hurts now!
We will let you know as soon as its confirmed!
There was a mix up with the venue and if its cancelled we can refund your
Keeping a food journal decreases the likelihood that you'll eat unhealthy.
It's like you're judging yourself as you log your meals!
Do it!
That we must love all things that God made.
alright I am going to go to bed bc there is no point in trying with u anymore .....
goodnight
nachos or mexican restaurants?
ZeroSum arrangement, no bargaining with zombies!
And the verdict is: Hipster.
heh.
she popped up as a follow suggestion and I saw you're following her so..
;P
I'm tired as hell trying to fight my sleep just to finish this damn review.
Ugh.
Since you are going to the Super Bowl and are a Cowboys fan..
Who are you picking Super Sunday????
You can call me Freaky Deaky.Let's Go My People.........
Copying my tweets 
Now that I'm in my sixties all my loves are online and in Africa!
bout to hit the club wit aye!!!
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
St.
Francis De Sales
My bff didn't answer my text.......
I hope she's sleep and not ignoring me lol
You have come around on Luck since the fall?
So do you people want to see nfl lock out
Happy Earth Day!
RT : Rory today was like an incredible jump shooter who just couldn't buy a bucket.
He'll be back!
Just 21 years old!
I don't get Nicki Minaj.
Ya i said it.
Like I'm pretty sure she's some governmental experiment gone wrong.
So JJ Abrams is filming the next Star Trek  I am just enough of a geek to be really excited about this!
you can stop staring at my boyfriend now, ugly hoe.
of course I do...
Block Kim Kardashian so she can't follow you!
what about ruby red vodka?
Sounds intriguing.
3 more days.
3 more days.
3 more days.
What are some of your favorite cuisines?
I gave up on the cowboys after last year
nice.
I'm done Thursday and leaving Friday.
So Thursday night lets go hard
Incredibly impressed with at BigOmaha.
He's the kinda guy you'd like to have a three hour coffee convo with.
Our secondever ATEC/EMAC Showcase is next week!
Come on out and see what your fellow students have been up to!
Hi, Ann!
Going great!
Tomorrow the agency is learning about Idea Generation from....
you!
I believe it's a webinar.
As Ray mentioned, use CCLabelBMFont instead of CCLabelTTF.
CCLabelTTF creates a new texture on upd, which makes it slow.
Beautiful play, McDonagh.
John 20:21 Again Jesus said, Peace be with you!
As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.
That was probably pretty accurate in 2004 when Kerry said it.
GWB 0509 was a cosmic disaster.
NASCAR is from North Carolina...
unless you're under 12 years old you shouldn't mention the avengers.
I feel you.
Taking inventory on a lot of things and reprioritizing.
Listening to this 21 year old minister who is TheTruth!
did you know we are working on new songs?
it's a winter time tradition for ITLCA we will miss you until summer but we will always love you
If you want some great recipes FF  it will make you hungry!
please follow us?
We love you!
Actions can be shared byothers in the community who are inspired either by yourpersonal vision or action,enabling you to motivate each other
it's good, I just got back from seeing it!
and sleeping schedule too
Did you get my DM with my email?
You can always use as well.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
Henry Ward Beecher
i don't believe you
RT : What are you listening to right now?
Need2Share  PhilFriends Althea with Joan Osborne on lead vocals.
bro what do you mean?
Like the da in general?
Bro idk about my doctorss...
Follow for all things art fashion music design and for some general
lol At least I don't have to get stitches!
:D So, what have you been doing?
This Light in August analysis isn't going to get done.
I'm lost and I really don't care to do it.
Atlanta venue for auditions is popular with registrants.
Not everyone understands my humor.
'Tis a shame...
Now let's keep our fingers crossed for NEH.
I don't even know why I'm talking to you  way to go
Too hungover to tweet
yes sir!
Start to finish tonight.
: I've got by double figures.
Agree/Disagree?
Hoping the WorldSeries proves to be appropriate bluestatetriumphsoverredstate foreshadowing for EDay.
RT : Agreed.
It's like our lecole41 graduated and went off to college!
Indeed!
Chobani Strawberry Banana Greek YogurtYUM!!!!
what game was you playing ?
and diet
Hoping for a Penguins win!
Never been this bored at a party
only one, but the other 13 are trying to stop him.
And for the first of many times, Henrik  Henrique
We're this Friday night w/ The Scissors, Ivory Theory and Mutts.
Don't miss it!
hm what times I'll take it if I need it I have to check the requirements again cause everyone tells me different classes
I love it when my twoyear old Stata syntax runs correctly on the first try!
Kim parker built ahh
eating subway:
workplace frustrations today there.
bS?
oh please do
I love the passion of other Geeks.
But the intellectual pissing contests, I could do without.
It's a waste of my time.
Last night dog  cat sitting in Noe Valley...
bittersweet Love animals being around but so over the responsibility
glee is making this studying so much better 
I'm talking about the people complaining that this isn't universal healthcare.
What is the link?
you know what I am going to buy some more gold on Wed since it's doctorpped a little,will post a pic on Wed
Christians should live as Jesus Christ's representative Col 3:17
Follow me,Is Hot related to Desperate Housewives
: I love someone that I can motivate and they motivate me dynamiteduo
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.
SENDING LOVE TO ALL OUR SUPPORTERS AND FOLLOWERS
No one wants to meet me?
Lol okay I'm a lazy ass anyway c:
I know a contracts expert barrister in London.
Dont know about affordability.
Want name anyway?
I decreased service, cancelled paper billing  4 some reason, am being shipped a new receiver?
Have an email I can use
Reminds me of this past Friday.
Saw 2 ducks trying to cross the street.
Ducks are mad dumb, yo...but cute!
:
Well said!
I have dedicated myself and my professorssional life to helping others understand the wisdom that is revealed in my...
nw lets go to prison:
geting ready for going to grinnell today was the last day of cross country practice for me
simple answer: no.
he cannot get good hitters out...and the cardinals have too many good hitters in their lineup.
the words I usually have for SEO are explain yourself.
again.
that's the worst!
Then you just eat way more than you should.
Did that sound dismissive?
I didn't mean for it to.
Color options are something we hear from time to time, so there's a good chance.
haha it's hard not to!
I'm in advanced so they make us do so much more work D:
This condom was cold and now my vagina is on fire.
WTF TROJAN??
I got an a.p test today but ima stat home cause idk shit...
text me I will dm u my num
I'm BSHU at the yard tonight
nope starts smackin louder : aye share!
I remember when I used to look forward to the weekend to get hammered and go out.
Now I'm lucky if I even go out once.
The archival A/V assessment I'm currently working on proves one thing: there are VHS tapes EVERYWHERE and they're all in craptastic shape.
You pumping blood when you doing a jumping jack, we extracting blood when we jumping jack.
jackFuckedUp comedyflow lol
Oh me oh my!
I think I am missing something here
Only ugly girls say suck my dick, then that's when you question them
Counting the days...
Heading to !
thanks for the follow and thanks for providing your studio for our NARIP brunch last Saturday!
The Athenaeum is indeed open today, stop by for a Saturday visit if you're in town.
wtf what happened,, we love sue
Immediate Release: Pearl Quinones, first Latina elected to the SUHSD School Board receives Uptown Democratic Club Endorsement Feb 23, 2010
I need more followers so I can follow more tweeters
Um hi i love you too
Who taught Tebow how to throw?....Daddy used to say ' don't ever throw like a girl...
FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE ALL OF YOU GUYS SO MUCH 3
finished the book in what?
3days!
Maybe I'm just crazy, crazy for you baby
Thank you for another amazing show.
You taking the Giants, Ced?
o new blog for me to read!
I'm like Roderick in Diary of a Wimpy Kid...................without the torture of my brother!
Committed a cardinal travel sin, I had premier access and I didn't walk on the special carpet!
Just remember, not everything turns out the way you planned it.
Wedding Ceremony: How To Choose A Celebrant  Huffington Post
i'm working on yelling I'M THE FACE PUNCHER in French.
Congrats on 1500shows!
Thank you for bringing us Sophia Grace and Rosie
Pandora right now  headphones in, ignoring everyone.
1st day of 2012 is almost in the history books.
Got a ton accomplished today.
It's gonna be a gr8 year!
I can feel it.
Hoping it will warm up earlier this yr than the last couple  I'll have better luck with tomatoes, peppers, etc.
down again with no mich ultra on the club level.
If I have to keep leaving to get food and doctornks what is the value of my tix?
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer.
You know who you are and you know what you want.
LaoTzu
That Brett Lawrie swing was sweeter than 's most recent photo compilation
GARP Assessment Tool expected to be available in January.
Basic and premium packages available.
If you're sick of stress, contact me.
I can help.
I can honestly say I have a good daddy even though he made his mistakes I wouldn't trade him for the world 3
Have a bottle of a certain beer, and it'll surely take the edge off.
Or six.
Have six bottles.
Just thinking about Back to the Future II, when is this pocketsout trend gonna take off

Working from the cafe this morning  seems to be the only way I can get any writing done!
Hoping to get a newsletter out this week.
also possible: discrete onlyagainst the prevalent culture of sex w/o spatial, time, or phenomenological bounds
You had me at beer, sliders, and fries.....And also Julie's blessed event.
Going to Houston's tonight for dinner  A think the Rib Eye Steak is calling me!
Any other suggestions?

My pleasure
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
You made me smile right now
That dude jamming on
it is a Trek Allant WSD
Probably shouldn't then if there's more than one!!
showed love to ya boy but not u!
Myb.
U rock the stage too homie..
what r u doing
I would rather it if more boys talked to me.
Girls are doctorma...
Not all girls, just a lot of them.
HAAIIII.
I'm Mariah.
Nice to met you.
thanks bro!!
imonit :
janjos: I liked your stand at sla2009 very much!
although I have never met you, I sill feel strangely proud whenever I see something about you in the news.
Sorry I haven't replied sooner.
Thanks for the kind words.
I love doing the show!
Now I can talk about on twitter score :
THANKS FOR RUINING IT.
Lol
hahaha kind of a catch22 with some of these client dev teams.
Just need a good oldfashion Darth Vader force choke maybe
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summer time
One wayward yellow balloon just doctorfted past my office window.
As would say: magic.
Feels like running away.
Screw stress .
Yeeksthat might be an adventure.
But it'd be great should it happen.
Likewise, if you're ever in California...
Spiderman Broadway, Cheesecake Factory, Overniight here  Delaware !!
Goodnight again.......lol
Get exposure to college coaches join for free today
Girls are crazy confusing fuck having a relationship im taking a trip to slut city
HydoctorQuébec launches experimental project on plugin vehicles and the power system
Gasp!
They're both wonderful!
Bring kleenes to Les Mis...
everyone is doing a public reply not DM so here we go TheGreatest, 3634, 11.5
Art is only the search and never the final form.
Amy I love your show I'm probably the biggest fan ever and if u follow me back I will be happier than a fat kid on cake : 3 LLT
If you're a packer fan browsing info on new picks, I HIGHLY recommend the doctorft pick reaction podcasts from 
not often
SERIOUSLY?
I just found an evil cat curled up on the dining room table.
And she acted like it was cute.
Next year for the Colts will remind me of 1996 when I walked up to the RCA Dome an hour before the game and purchased a ticket.
that's so cool Caden
Great Magazine guys.
Flyers/Rangers 24/7 premier last night revealed Flyers locker room victory music: Knock Knock
FF for depth and breadth in covering ideas: Seeking Wisdom , Open Culture , Sam McNerney
Whoa, congrats man!
Debt ceiling, to me, sounds like a boring John Grisham novel, but apparently its very important ..
doctornking starbucks, enjoying the sun
Argh!
My eyes!
Sorry for what happen to Amy Winehouse, She was awesome and like everyone else she had her flaws and unfortunately it got the best of her.
no vacay!
straight grind!
following you: follow back
never said donT watch...you know HBO Girls is lowlife, lowbrow, no class, degrading...addG no value to anything
Aspire to Inspire Before You Expire
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember 
Wait...
Isn't crack weed?
I say it again WAKE UP X
Done.
:D
same!
listen to that whole cd tho i have a few songs from it on my iPod lol i have yeah 3x by allstar weekend umm roll up by
Where have you travled recently?
Monday!
RT : Signing my management contract soon...
;
Great WordPress MeetUp at our office last night.
I Want Some Milk..Cookies.
now everything is good:B
what is your opinion on the storms hitting southern WI?
still has strong as they are now between Conway Springs  Wichita?
Will say something be out on itunes anytime soon?
:
OMG the sky is Mad at some1
TMZ Trivia is back tonight at TC Hooligan's in Greece!!
will be hosting 911pm..
come win prizes for your pop culture knowledge
: Bulls finish the season with 50 wins and best record in the NBA.
trying to wring the value out of MARC.
Why?
Why are the Taco Time tweets being highlighted for me?
WHY?
nope he is on an airplane :
There really is no way cool to wear a helmet.
AH OMG yes
lmao!
I promise you do!
I was just watching Khloe  Lamar's wedding
I think that's an important question.
There's so much literature and yet we have no answer.
I'd say:
That makes me really happy.
3
Too funny.
And didn't you also do a feminist Disney paper as well?
got me a Cadillac car..
Let us know if you have any questions before you go...
and stay in touch!
if I had a dollar for every time I heard that.
Lol after the first they just start falling out.
U better get some good BC
Golf, disc golf, tennis, biking, running, walking, sunbathing, ducks, dogs, kids, students, faculty  Fantastic Feb day at the Winthrop Lake
Ecology seminar with Cohen and Morton interrupted by actual elemental relations: tornadoes.
Playing super Mario galaxy with one of the coolest kids in the world
iPhone is feelin' fresh with a new bumper thanks to
i made a picture about the account !:
in maxs ring
knew that!
Love you
i have nothing to wear is it friday yet?
Second guess your fist impression.
u realy have a great voice 
You're gonna miss this, you're gonna want this back, you're gonna wish these days hadn't gone by so fast !
'The uprising has become an armed rebellion' Debra Amos
I'm a busy Beavis today.
Uh...
huh...
you should like use a StringBuilder or something
Enjoying the lighthearted jabs the flashbelt speakers are taking at Apple.
Good attitude overall throughout the conference
my stomach hurt...
One more session then it's start preparing for family time.
jorge: at Boardwalk, no gas, electric, still leaking natural gas in some places.
Don't come down here, Stay Away!
Kemah police officer.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
STOP IT.
STOP.
With my little bebe later 3
starting BSchool w/you, looking forward to it!
xo
You're song was the melody to my ears.
I loved it : Can't wait to hear it more often.
haha nah i dont like people I know on twitter haha
It sure is!!
Straight on point.
: The Spurs ball movement is pristine
Church and teaching sunday school.
Back at Berry Park tonight.
DJing from 104.
No Cover.
North 14th and Berry street.
must have been a glitch in my iphone app for Goodoctorads  found it and rated it
Ok off to charge my phone before thinks I was fibbing lol
Awesome!
Another runner!
Keep training!
Full or half?

It is FatherGod who works in us to will/do HIS good pleasure HE will continue HIS work until LordChrist returns for us
OK Cafe makes a great classic grilled cheese sandwich!
The rooftop lounge at Melia has a grilled cheese sandwich w/ a twist!
No matter what I say im not over you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATH WELL IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY IN THE UK EVEN THOUGH I LIVE IN THE US ILL STILL WISH U A HAPPY BDAY tomorrow!
Interesting conversation about U.S.
Israeli relations with during lunch.
Off to the Phillies at Nats game.
3rd game of the week!
oh wow that was the first one?
AWESOME glad I didn't miss it :D
Yes serious opps coming up this fall...
can we reschedule a time to talk?
Thanks!!
My opinions of models have changed so much.
What makes You beautiful is inside and out not what materialistic objects can do to you
Dont Even Trip Is Ugly As Fuck
I didn't go to my friends house today BecauseItsFriday but Austin didn't even do an austream :/ I don't think he ever will now
Always humbled by my family, I swear I have no chance to become as awesome as my grandpa...
on another point.
You wanna argue with ?
Your gonna end up fighting with all of us too, as in his fans.
hahah heck no!!
And 5 It makes you yearn for the days of the WanStash.
I never thought I'd think, Man I wish Dave Wannstedt was still head coach.
So excited about 11/11/11!
cantwait to get home and test out !
everyone wants to see their name in lights, but I want mine on a cupcake
OMG She is so cute.
Congrats, Daddy!
Just H'in K's like it's no big deal.
will never notice me : /3
Back to my happy self  though I never really stop smiling :
First mention of second homes.
Still listening for discussion of rental housing.
Cryballz for tonights episode.
Loved it!
Seriously though y'all got phones or gchat or something right
how high is always a classic
So let's pretend you made it to the big leagues what would your walkup song be, and why?
Hey UPEIAN105 Tomorrow is a little disjointed finishing 1 unit and start another.
Mintz on food, research methods, and ethics
Happy 93rd birthday to Nelson Mandela
If we reject our emotions we go to sleep and exist instead in the shadow of our own unlived life.
I love making kids all mad on call of duty lolololol I hate to be a troll but its just funny how mad they get over a game :P
just got back from tulsa doctorllers game..great game..homer won the game 2 out 1 on base bottom of the 9th
Keep on knockin but u can't come in...
You remember that time we could just stare at each other for hours without getting bored?
Oh you don't Well, I remember our whole thing.
/3
hey sent you a message on your myspace page.
My bathroom looks like a beauty salon threw up
I just wanted everyone to leave it the fuck alone.
Couldn't even do that.
Pedoctor's Tacos in San Clemente, still the best.
Happy New Years!
: My new year resolution: To find the one.
true I hope will forgive me!
Rita Ora's single sounds really good on radio.
I doubt she'll be a huge success, but her contributions to top40 music are welcome.
I need to stop saying cunt and cocksucker so much.
hey!
too soon.
thanks for the condolences anyway...
TIRED  HUNGRY ...
Still have a million and one things left to do ..
No problem,it was real busy today.
I loved that movie btw :
loved your set tonight!!!
Love that you guys are local.
Good times!
:
Those people aren't staying up all night.
They just think it's cool to say so.
They're what you'd call morons.
Is this Twitter?
I'm bouta buy a car off my mechanic I think.
Lemme know when you go slab searching doe.
I needa look too
Lydia Maria Child, The American Frugal Housewife, 1829Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length .
Call me maybe.
Twitter is a good place  you can find a lot of guys here, like us.
Come to visit us at ww.joborworker.com!
we just started!
Focus on creators for managing e recs in small or big staffed institution
You are fast!
Sauternes is fantastic but really?????
Your favorite Bordeaux???
Wow that is so revealing about this critic's mindset!
Yeah Giants!!
so awesome!!!!
your welcome :
Beings homeschooled was without a doubt one of the best decisions I've made in my life.
I can honestly say i'm genuinely happy now.
MissD...it's not so clear when your helmeted head is stuck up your....oh, never mind!
so proud to be named as a source 4  Hickman Interiors in both GORGEOUS editorials in the Winter 2012 issue of
Just saved four kittens lives today!
Have you ever been charged a fitting fee for glasses?
I was charged 80 to pick out a pair of
More basketball to watch.
Last week of school.
S/o to all my seniors, live it up!
Enjoy your Sunday.
We're hheerrreee!
:  I are on our way to !
roadtrip
Ah I'm so tired.
Your mom.
Is in my pants.
I just bought tweetbot  I'm loving it!!!
But that workout tho?
Wow  sweating bullets!
No photo?
It didn't happen : LOL!!
RT : I just touched one of Anais Nin's diaries!
RT : Phone on 5 Well damn..
Charge that shit up.
our pleasure!
I se dat ur on I want to ask if u can giv me advice on 6th grade MD cuz im kinda chubby so I worry and I still need advice
I'm a big fan of the SKC fan holiday video.
The players visiting the characters, not real life after all, to collect season ticket money.
I'd rather have bad grammer then go to hell, bye loser.
Emotions lead to unthoughtful action..
bummed I missed it.
Winston has been talking about this one for a while.
Had another event to attend.
well, we love that you listen and laugh along with us!
Thank you for your kind words
Facebook seems to be down 'for required maintenance'.
On a Sunday?
I've been squeezing my butt with all day at
Packing!!!
...
in a New York state of mind!
tired, but still working.
oh leh do it.
It's been done before in one year.
So why not next year?
Don't matter how crappy they were this year.
Next year!
bahaha, I find it hard to believe that theres actually people who get in the shower first  THEN turn on the water.
Thank you very much!!
is advertising on Who says doesn't pay attention to the direct sheets?
Hello, Carbon
so was good mo'fcka
How you gonna make that call.
aw, your really in love with how sweet :' x
Check out for news updates!
I am doing fine thanks for asking:!!
i've performed sull'aria a few times!
i 3 it.
i was susanna/bartoli  very fun to sing/act out.
I just changed my Twitter account name to KingtonCommister to reflect the fact that I will be tweeting as Kington Commercial.
Same focus.
Think milk is bad ?
Well, never, ever watch something gut bustingly funny while eating hot  sour soup It'sNotJustTheTofu
if Jason tweets me i'm gonna poop in my shoes.
Stubborn fat can be eliminated with the latest liposuction procedures using lasers.BodySculpting is virtually painless with minimal surgery.
Open your eyes bro, I like you.
20 days to the orange and white game!
i kno i can
Beyond ready for this weekend..
Prayin mother nature will be kind to every soul in fredonia so we can have a good fredfest2012 
What with my trip to Montreal  coming home to snow, I've been unable to get out to my gymuntil today.
Can't wait to sweat.
It's such a big part of Hannah's life.
I'm glad it comes through.
The channel keeps switching between couples therapy and tough love all by itslef lol
hello darling
Yeah, this one's over.
You think 7?
I'll go Rangers in 6.
Wouldn't it be cool to be as smooth as ?
Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture.
Allen Ginsberg
okay i would really like that alex lol
RT : Thanks, Clarence!
1 Detroit youth will be headed to UofM...
lol if its open..yea
Playing a little words with friends with my wonderful Hit me up if you want to play.
Im Runningman
I got you !!!
RT : I never swerved ona Asian before
That is soo cute  I love Grandpa3
Hey how many followers does if say I have?
an now got started
Memories that tie my nasal hairs into intricate knots.
People status on fb be the most like oh wow is all I can say to them
Congrats JC!
MT Gmisters will be presenting to s MBA program this morning on soccer and global
Don't tell me Pats are signing Mike Wallace, anything but that..
Obviously then, you have no life.
Two L.A.
subways were approved today.
TWO.
Now we just need that 405line for Valley to the Westside.
Subway to the Sky.
Basketball isn't as popular in Canada as it is in the US.
Hockey is by far the most popular sport in Canada.
Steve Nash
Oh my God, Houston, you look so good.
Have you lost weight?
First stop in Texas: whataburger.
Fuck innout vale verga
Proud and excited to be the new president of the Newmarket  Aurora Federal Liberal Ass'n
: Did the Lakers just trade Fisher?
Wtf?
yes they did.
PISSED!!!!!!!
I ended up having to stay on playersonly because of being in NY.
Couldn't test any others.
Thanks for the RT, Jocelyn!
Love the HDC connection.
a high ponytail is very chi!
My hair may go up this afternoon after my 3 mile run.
Et voila ...
Three weeks until we push off for Poland.
This has been a long wait, tickets booked in January.
Check out our summer schedule at www.theblackberries.com
Bahaha!
I have been born into the twitter world.
Austin,TX we love you and all your love for our Tacos.
Feeling the LOVE!
Slowly bringing my Twitter account back to life.
What better way to start than adding friends.
Random Fact: The only guy without a beard in ZZTOP surname is Beard.
you rule
what's going on homie?
I wish I could see the look on your face when you read my text messages.
I'm starting to get very sad mister!
We are slotted for an indyzoob announcement today at high NOON!!!
u must do that 2 cuz u know alot about it,u nasty!
Until I get 100 I am not gonna shut up about TELL PEOPLE TO FOLLOW ME DAMN IT
RT : Roc Nation can't manage a bake sale.
: def get wit it
Did you hear about the cannibal spider that ate his uncle's wife?
He was an aunteater.
in a get off my cloud  elevator door closing kind of way?
just checked, we're still working on it.
We'll let you know!
we r pitching in 5 lol
Thanks!
Perhaps for sharing these resources with me I should take you out to lunch  plus we both know it's long overdue.
RH Mercedes Benz of Baltimore is starting our complete renovation.
The new rehab will be a complete German Auto haus renovation.
let's see, lady gaga doesnt know you, doesnt care for you and yet you defend her?
Successful weekend!
nescagvball Tufts we love ya!
Best from California!!
not if you have to spend some now for some promised savings that'll come later
SESQUICENTENNIAL refers to a period of 150 years.
2011 is the sesquicentennial of the beginning of the American Civil War.
Hi, Can You Please Give A Shout Out To Catherine Gonzalez, and could you please follow me?
:D :D
If I had to describe myself in terms of characters, it would be 1 part George Costanza, 3 parts John Candy in Planes/Trains/Automobiles.
just help me get my name out there and I'll get you the tickets
Very cool!
RT LLC grad students' and my podcasts mentioned today in 's You Don't Say blog!
bsun.md/mOGe5G
Oh my god they found a new JFK assassination tape.
Who knew that by changing the variable from add to edit that the doctor Group change would work.
Hey dynamo suck on my balls!
....
Health code violation FYI
When i swallow it feels like i'm swallowing down legos ow sore throat ow.
Sheep?
Methinks thou art projecting.
I Love Encinitas!
M sleep after the longest day of travel ever!
How do you like it so far?
It's been on my TBR for forever!
Titus, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns.
Would love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM if u want one.
David, are you also in the training?
I'm totally impressed!
excuse me 3 115 39401!
probably tower to see if cleary wants to start filmin n shizz :p
Traci.
Pop by Safari Cup coffeeenjoy a fresh brew of our African Arabica coffee roasted here onsite on us
fun!
Can't wait to hear your review.
I just don't understand the technology, I guess.
What on earth could there be that needs processing that an amp can't?
One More Thing: Torres tweets break Twitter records  TechRadar UK
as a human there's like 140 ppl you care about  funny also 140 character limit on Twitter dcswa professordev day
yes very !
his name is ricky.
you fuck, you made fun of us for having twitter.
you fuck you.
40 away from my next hundoctord.
RT?
My lawschool buddy who went to Michigan undergrad said the only reason he ever stopped in OH was to take a dump.
who?...names a person you dont know...let me facebook that hoe LOL
DM us the card number, we can check for you.
please let us know that you guys are ok.
I heard about the building collapse.
TRAFFIC: Sherman Avenue between Lakeview Ave  Tennyson Lane is temporarily closed.
MGE is rehanging power wires.
On the real, I just felt a huge Déjà vu moment.
I think we've spoken about this before.
I feel really anti social this morning.
I think my coworkers think I'm a serial killer.
to make Watson female is not cool.
it feels like they hope they can maybe have a sort of romance between her  Sherlock.
I could really go for some chicken express sweet tea, BBQ, and a big dill pickle.
Haven't they already hit twice?
Blown lead against the Yankees, swept by Baltimore.
Laura, thanks for the interest in our Solar initiatives!
Someone will contact you soon.
is that you in the video?
3 assists and no turnovers for Nuggets Ty Lawson in the 1st half.
Who is in downtown Chicago right now?
I'm 2700 :D RT : RT : I'm only 9 followers from 2700.
Can u help a girl out and rt this?
Thanks :
I'm with you, makes me sick too
Saw your article in the recent vouge.
Congrats.
big fan.
thank you girls for the inspiration
maybe I should jump on a place to Nashville its 34 in Seattle.
birthday dinner in Newport.
Great times!
Joined Instagram earlier.
Will be following some of you assholes shortly.
Yaya!
is in Toronto!!!
Hopefully I'll get to see her!
:D
Always love when flight are delayed longer than the duration of the actual flight.
3 Pieces His  Hers, 925 Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated  Titanium Matching Engagement Wedding Bridal Ring Set.
AVAILABLE SIZES men s 7,
HOLY CRAP are facebook ads obnoxious.
I can't even handle looking at timelines today.
made a late breakfast...
headache..
going back to sleep for a bit..
then pool w/ my lil man :
Would love to meet in person next week.
I'll be at the Sperry Van Ness Booth  C162F!
Stop by.
I just did....thanx
Sessions is a sucha beast
Just ordered more !
A whitetank top Kaoir shirt  South Beach Barbie Nail Polish !
, you're my rolemodel :
Kentucky Fans follow and show him some love!
Spread the word
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY!
Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
If a user doesn't exist...how can they follow you?
What kind of games are you playing Twitter?
Bills get the shutout!
Nice...
230
Doing business w/o advertising islike winking at a girl inthe dark.
U know what u r doing, but nobody else does.
Steuart Henderson Britt
: ISO educator in DC area with experience in informal and background in biology, preferably genetics/genomics.
Know anybody?
We got rid of cable today.
Huray for more classical and reading nights in my future.
can you take a break from your cheese and toast to tell me of you guys will be doing warped signings?
The best revenge!
: Haha just a yolo weekend!;p
Can't wait 2 see 1 of my fav new artists live tonight Do yourself a favor  come down or at least check him out!
I do use Degree.
RT : Are you Bear Grylls?
RT : I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream.
I am a disaster.
Super Welterweight RT : Floyd Mayweather Jr.
defeats Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision to win WBA junior middleweight title...
We are teaming up with Brilliant Beginnings Childcare for a holiday shopping fundoctoriser extravaganza benefitting their facility on 11/30.
Whenever I take long naps lord knows when I will ever go to sleep for the night geez!
Qualls better save this fucking game!
Give lee the win already!
Giving students the power and then watching them strive for excellence is an incredible teaching experience.
Catherine Doanne
word!
Thanks for the support!
do you have Xbox live?
;
I get so excited when I meet people who are from Kentucky.
I just have this theory that they must know Josh then.

Transcript in a few days, though.
RT : Having problems connecting to the chat today, alas.
I am very good at procrastination.
Sent from my bed where I'm avoiding packing and watching Glee via Hulu on my iPhone.
gurl you need to tell us if you're really gonna be on X Factor.
I don't trust E news tbh!
Just the tweet I wanted to see!
Thanks for all that you do and you guys have fun on the slopes!!!
Hi Lizzie
well whose fault is that, cuz it sure aint mine...
That's definitely the best way to start a day.
I went all pumpkin spice latte crazy today.
In these past few days..
I've dug myself into a deeper hole...
lol.
I got u man
Watching unsung !
: TONIGHT CAMPAIGN BITCHES WILL BE OPENING UP FA AT OBSESSIONS!
SO MAKE SURE YALL CUM THRU N TURN UP WIT US!
Day 1 of vacation....nearly 3 hours at the dentist.
Day 2....well it can only get better from here.
Here at LSCon, checking out the Expo.
Up next: Compressing Audio  Video
fine I'll tell my mom to leave me the card
staging a childoctorn's theatre show in the a.m.
then making the jazz at Andy's with CGQ at 5pm.
I Don't Wanna Work..I Just Wanna Bang on the doctorms All Day!!
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
I think she is lying, but how much is fact or fiction inreal life politics?Would hate 2 see this played out in real life,whew!
Man if i was out of town right now i'd be goin downstairs to get my free fresh continental breakfast
is praticing spanish via messenger while at work!!!
we're back now!!
that's muh girl!
Hi, It's been a while.
Our power was out for a few days, too...and played Bananagrams by candlelight last night!
Craving Jamba Juice...what about you?
RT : Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports gay marriage, first president to take that position.
Double X Science: DXS OpEd: How birth control can save the world
Listened to Will Smith this morning and now I can't stop singing Gettin' Jiggy Wit It.
Man, I miss the 90s.
Crossfit is apparently a code word for sexy guys with nice bodies and tat's.
Where do i sign up?
Had a great weekend
BelieveTour next week.
WHAT.
?!
I would have been so angry haha.
My boyfriend got pulled over for losing his registration sticker It was still there!
Whew.
The holidays have taken over.
Simply want to wish all our twitter friends a very happy 'whatever you celebrate.' Peace.
my bad, but when you have to go to LAX for a redetermination, who wants to take the freeway.
A great afternoon meeting the cast for a film, we are shooting with Broken Scar Productions.
First read through sounded great!
So, what's it like in the real world?
Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it.
Bill Watterson
LP '93 was in Atlanta.
Rage, Tool and others I don't remember.
And the biggest, muddy pit I've ever been in or seen.
Good times.
rumors that more changes are coming after next year.
Should Nike addoctorss it?
Jersey could be out of style quick
stop with the term job creators.
any spent money has potential to create jobs.
my car was towed.
you're welcome, city of chicago employees.
Not what I was expecting.
/ hugs Are you sure there's not a 3rd option you haven't realized?
Oh.cute.
doing a great job bro
Excited for tedxabq tomorrow!!
Less than 12 hours till the event!
Gotta be something, right?
This also screws our trading Sessions for something...
Just doctorpped a Brand New Bottle Of Coconut Ciroc In The Street And Broke It!, But i Managed To Hold On To The 1.49 Pineapple Juice...

I love my friend i can tell her anything and vice versa love!
I am the liquor tonight, that I confiscate
In the mood for a special sweet treat?
Try a delicious cinnamon cluster or sweet and hearty oatmeal.
Hey who's idea was it to get a 6 am flight after getting back to the room at 2 am??
Hey Bartenders, are you interested in being featured on Thirsty Thursday?
Shoot me an email.
some of you niggaz just SIMPLE as hell...lol
Met with an antiques appraiser.
A wonderful resource for my clients and anyone who cares about their collections.
never had one..
Enjoy one for me!
What is the site for the food truck article.
Jackie Gillan Pres, Advocates for Highway  Auto Safety will be speaking this year about safety on roads, a major hotbutton issue!
You know, Willie Wonka said it best: we are the makers of doctorams, the doctoramers of doctorams
apart from that, how are you doing?
u comen this rob ?
THANK YOU!!!
www.donnalynne.com
Thanks so much for the PBL RT!
Lovin MISTLETOE !
Playing constantly in my brain  catch myself singing it all the time!
Def a new Holiday Music Tradition 3
Could I get my hands on some samples?
Dylan, Tell mister Graham to go to NACA.
My friend had same prob, unending trial mods.
At Naca BA modified loan and took interest to 2.
Big disappointment.
Here we come Southdale.
72 degrees makes for an amazing Friday night late March in Minneapolis!
I would love to, I have so many things to talk about.
Thanks for reaching out.
I'm so excited to see ThePlayboyClub!
Good to hear you found some decent food.
So glad to hear it!
RT : Great dinner last night.
Excellent food/service, friendly staff and cool dining areas...
check you messages on here.
I might...though I like the real thing more!!
haha im giddy like a school girl.
Sneak peek of today's photoshoot for new section of Vibrant magazine called Vibrant Kids!
Coming in next month's issue!
Fuck the police!
Unfollow me.
Bc I'm sick of the fakers, quit smiling when we talk.
Success will be my best revenge.
shouldn't you be concentrating on doctorving and not tweeting?
YEAH!
ROCKS!!
There's some people I'd LOVE to work with someday!!!
m/
Miley Cyrus is back on twitter !
Cambio said this !
The past is prophetic in that it asserts loudly that wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
just dying from school, haha!
hey guys good morning to all hope you have a good day, today takes a trip to the beach
Thank you to Phil and Kobe for the championships AND being class acts from beginning to end!
You will always be the best!
I MISS YOU.
i'm sure school's mega busy but holy shiiiii we need to see each other:
we gunna miss you too !
wow, it's been so long since I've put words on paper.
I can see a significant fall back in quality.
Oh well.
A3: Chicago has such a fantastic community vibe compared to other major metropolitan areas.
We foster that well here.
finally off work..
who got the doctornks??
Booyah from Milwaukee Brewing and Qu Rosa from O'so Brewing just hit the doctorft line's for 1 off all night!
Hunter makes that catch, yet he missed the routine pop fly...
doctorving my Jeep into giant mud puddles never gets old.
JayIsm  3  How you perceive yourself has little importance if it is not congruent with how Others perceive you.
Thanks for liking my page Ixchel and Celena!
:
hell yea I be be bumpin lol : 
I was just saying the same thing to a friend.
Maybe Chicago, though.
then he said 'welp girls all of you guys are destine for plastic surgery'
LMBO!!!
Wonka...you should of seen what I wrote earlier.
Yea David's win is super sweet!
now they get free advertising for one month in Vegas!
Out of the 3 players at the MLSCombine who have scored 2 goals each, who did more off the ball to really deserve the goals?
They have NO IDEA what the hell they're doing.
Which u could have told them in the first 1015 min, but...
yeah I've had a bb through my bay window and a rock that busted the upstairs window.
Distributors: just so you know, the price is going up.
Fascinating and terrible are good criteria for many things.
Hope you like it.
RT: WeWereCoolUntil i found out that you don't like pokemon.
There is a ridiculous dance party going on in the pearl right now...
Celebrate!
:o aw u going to bed?
Buffalo wings  Check, pigsinablanket  Check, chips and dip  Check, Beer  Check.
Looks like I'm ready for the game.
Shut the fuck up laker crowd!
enjoyed you too!
: Yes!!!!
I really enjoyed talking via Skype with you all...
I had a blast last night
You don't think students start at wikipedia?
sschat I agree, it is a great springboard to discuss on evaluation of sources
I can't wait to slurp up my martinis w/a straw at Crisp tomorrow w/, ,
Jammin' out to Kid Rock Grit Sandwiches in the car with my sis
needs to follow back 
Thanks...it is a great place...made the writing easy.
:
That nigga boosie went free today
: Only 2 of Earth's population are natural redheads.
Saints slicing up this Niners D!
religious to my man
Need to go herd the unruly volumes of Philosophical Transactions into a nice upgraded SIRIS record.
This game is kinda boring.
Hometown refs trying to help Brady and the hapless Pats out.
What a terrible pass interference call.
OFFLINE Happy Valentine's Day!
Remember Justin Bieber Fan Video Canceled!
Sorry
Everyone StopHatingSelena!
Just
I don't think it's my body that's the problem.
My legs are only slightly dissimilar to model legs.
I think models look dumb in these pants
Just the tip of the iceberg for OSU scandals I bet.
The funny thing is is that OSU diehards are too blind to admit it.
hahaha and it was your dad!
yah they need to do that cuss i know that some Canadian ICONiacz arent gonna go to the US for them
Q10: Best way to relax after a long day of sightseeing?
says we can destigmatize  humanize homeless by telling stories, committing to a cause
Catch latest film The Lawyer, The Thug,  The Princess Feb 20th  Feb 23rd at the Pan African Film Fest www.paff.org Xo!
;
WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
no I've learned my lesson.
I have friends scavenging their neighborhoods and looking through other sites.
what's up with MSU?
Comfort Inn Totten
Back on track today!
finishing up the rest of the guitars, then its just vocals!!
When Tom from gets in tweet mode my phone explodes for a good 30 minutes at least daily!
nothin listening to pandora and u
These refs blow call it both ways
Is it possible to use Spotify without linking it to your Facebook?
I don't want what I'm listening to showing up on newsfeed
Its almost the end of the work week.
In a manner of minutes the entire internet exploded as came back officially!
Welcome back Earl Sweatshirt 2012's music has begun
Haters hate because they hate seeing you do better.
It's a bust: RT : WOW...
New NAM Model gives NO SNOW TO DC Sunday, joining the EURO MODEL
hard to be mad when you get paid a LOT more to do a LOT less.
I havent seen someone die in 6 months.
Woooooot!
So Romney gives Homo the boot..
Good.
It just feels....like the first authentic thing he's ever done.
But his wife's hair is gonna suffer.
you just blew my mind.
I'm probably going to call you up and ask you about that, too.
Real men don't wear PINK, they EAT it ; x
Having grown up in Nebraska and been through many , I can't imagine NOT having them.
I'm ultra paranoid.
that's sweet!
Thank you!
Thank you very much!
confession I've only been n love once but I loved alot!
thank you big hug n kisses back at you :
Girl in lime green tube top  twirling your umbrella on the corner is not helping your case.
Sincerely, Me.
lol i think the same thing
Lots of people heading to the Rose City Bugin today.
Are you going?
Angry Birds is making me an angry bird!
win : KG KG KG KG
well your link appears to be daed i guess, but im watching forgg
ooh..
Wendy's has baked sweet potatoes now..
this could be dangerous.
we have 122 likes on facebook.
wowzaaa :' keep it going!
I really want the ups minus all the downs....I'm just selfish like that.
Spring cleaning on your mind?
A freshly painted garage with new shelves is the way to go!
You need it we do it!
25 years ago today, Juan Nieves threw the only nohitter in Brewers franchise history.
Ah, those '87 Brewers...
We're planning a wedding!
Ha!
Did you get a hold of ?
She's in charge of event planning.
Hello 21stME chatters!
Excited to talk to all of you shortly.
now THAT's an object!
good to meet you as well; definitely keep in touch!
admit its an acquired taste...I hated raising Arizona first time I saw it but like it now
You go girl!
INTERNING with Carrie Cavalier today!
That how I got my FREE headshots!
Friend her on facebook and see about doing the same!
okay, no I got out earlier and its cool if you can't, I just really want to see you.
I seriously know people who are probably surprised it isn't...
Lazy Sunday
Everybody get out there and vote in all of the upcoming elections !!
Ethier you can make the play...or you can't.
I agree much!!!
LETS DO IT HAHAHAHAHA
I wish would follow me...3
happy birthday
Love me, hate me, leave me or take me; I promise I won't have any fucks to give any which way.
Love God's Word this morning  so fresh, powerful!
Thought  If I'm gonna crave something 2day; let it be His sweet presence!
Your culture is your brand.
TONY HSIEH, CEO, ZAPPOS.COM
Who's ready for some newmusic !!??
imback :
Timbers suck,.....
and people are surprised by this????
Cushing Academy did not eliminate all books.
Kept all fiction, art books and donated nonfiction.
This not reported in the media
Wow..I haven't watched since 2005..hahahahaha...thanks !!!
dont read them : lol but im donnee ..
for now.
Only the third day of 2011 and we're getting ready to launch our 2nd website ALREADY!
Tonight all roads lead to Capri's Lounge 4 the Grown  Sexy Affair....
Presented By: FLATHATent
yeah yeah hoe
Am I trifeling for after introducing this boy to the world, breakin up..and then returning to my lover future hubby of 2 1/2 years?
Waiting for the bus downtown and it is so sketchy.
It's like a lame version of Chicago and New York.
DUHockey has two OT wins in a row.
Two more wins for WHCA trophy.
NCAA tournament coming up.
They have a sweet sixteen for hockey, too.
I really am trying to keep my love going for you guys, but I'm now on hr 3 of trying to get my reissued eCredit applied to a ticket.
Heading to the Joe Torre Safe at Home Foundation Gala.
Awake due to doctoram being mental.
It worked!
so many ways to spend money right now.
releasing via their public website is not a leak.
a leak would be secretly releasing to a single source other than O'Mara.
she changed her name again lol
Something to do when I get home: look at which CC licenses our IR depositors are choosing, guide them to CCBY as full
Excited to attend my first slasummit next week as ChairElect for Gov Info Division...now let's hope it doesn't snow!
James MichealJohnson can play day one.
Kid will be great special teamer and solid inside backer immediately.
Love these day three picks.
lmao girl that was Me yesterday before I knew I was going!
you'll be checking daily...we'll be twinning soon lol
Ok it's fine.
I get it.
Tutu still not at home.
I pray that she not dead.
I love thee to the depth and breath and heights my soul can reach
You got me up just to open the front door?
And when you're lonely, I'll be lonely too.
Supposed to be studying, but on twitter.
Tuesday's Lucy: Lucy was born a brunette.
Kid Ink
Who has been more accomplished in Office?
I enjoyed your pitch last night, we will need your help soon.
She's a fuckin star, yall don't get it do ya?
Type of body everybody acting like they knew her
Men succeed when they realize that their failures are the preparation for their victories.
for heaven sake,u know best who practises double standard!
later today I might freebase some pancetta
they still tour.
I saw on Ticketmaster a few weeks back they were performing my own prison in a shitty Manhattan bar
That last RT was perfect lol
I absolutely LOVE when people tell me I'm tan!!
Darling, you ain't seen nothing yet summer2012 bronzebetch :
Dear , this is an invitation to join me for lunch AT chipotle tomorrow so we can discuss your behavior and appropriate discipline.
Hooker hated nickname Fighting Joe Hooker thought sounded hot headed.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Thanks for the FF, Henry!
:
smh im mad,at,u
It's always 5 o'clock somewhere.
Had an AMAZING weekend participating in ideajam with gang!
Thanks to 4 a fantastic experience!
I love GiordanosPizza because of the delicious crust!
cc:
Watching Miracle Run LOVE this movie.
Fireworks  Fort is walking distance from Comfort Inn.
Hot breakfast, pool, 32 flat screen TV, pillow top beds.
www.vancouverwahotel.com
The first time I heard PJ, I thought it was The Cult.
If this is a short term wish, you can borrow mine.
Though single speed.
Only a little dangerous
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORKS LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHLMED
u got a fan and a follower here!
We had a blast.
I did new songs and my label mates blew it out of the water.
We had a happy crowd.
It's a game.
I got 66...
Movie Review: Battleship's Got Game on the Big Screen Review in a Hurry: With a roster of hottiesTaylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgård,
Can't find a apt:
and well, someone is having their first time tonight.
:D I'm do bad...
i love your single 11:11 it is just so amazing i can't stop listening to it!
i love you : i wish you would answer back
Lazy lobster cobbler.
you should call it La Pasta e Formaggio
What do the jobs numbers mean to recall campaign?
Not much, says UWMil political scientist Thomas Holbrook.
Says, not many minds changing.
I don't watch a lot of European soccer so I wouldn't know.
Good thoughts though.
We just need summer......
Were the girls from Leroy NY with Tourettes ever Tested for Lymes Disease?
There is an epidemic and its been found to be affiliated
been a while since i said so, but if you need some wood stripping services, Timby's is the place.
www.dipstrip.com
Medical correspondent Fergus Walsh hears why Debbie Lewis chose implants
I be there at 7 I have a game at 8
Woman run this world
Just finished the final level of Space.
Now what?
i just watched a video on how olive oil is bottled...it was a HEADLINE on the fresno abc station's site.
HEADLINE.
We are SO excited!
Xoxo
No, no, no!
Completely fine just hilarious!
fantasy is an online tool that would keyword/phrase search and autoassign tags to responses as first pass
Being stuck in the past is like walking forward with your back facing the front.
Youll always miss out on whats in front of you.
Through conversations you build relationships.
socialmedia is a tool to for this
Frank Vogel takin the Pacers from an under 500.
8 seed last year to 20 games over 500.
And 5th best record more impressive
So app.
i seem like a person who would listen to classical music...am i really that nerdy seeming?
Even though I watched it live last night, I still got goosebumps listening to Uecker.
Thanks for passing it along.
I have a headache.
We will have to make this.
We really miss Asian food w/ pnut, sesame, soy allergies.
And little 1 loves asparagus!
Thanks!
Sure, all residents are always welcome.
One City.
You should definitely go see The Lion King 3D.
Mufasa is 100 times more boss in 3D.
Waiting for  to walk out with their hoods  diplomas :
well thank ya:
But surely it would cost less than 50k right?
Happy 70th birthday to Swedish musicologist Krister Malm, you know how to throw a party!
Thank you.
Great ride..thanx for such a BIG tip..sry for credit card machine!
caramelized mushrooms would sing!
Veg.
Burger paired w/ a slightly sweet yet earthen/smoked black lager, aka ShwartzBier.
me too
You hit on anything that moves.
Real keeper.
So many gaps in the Nuyorican story!Nothing on 'bodegueros' the first urban mercados1940s onwards  Centro archives.
But Not giving up.
That is really pretty!
What kind of dancing do you do?
:
Thanks!
Hope you like it so far.
RT I cannot wait to see what the has in store for us!
I know im late,ass hell but better late then .ever sista vegas here we cum lol!
A big congrats to on her TV debut.
You were wonderful!
I'm so proud!
Wow...my hair is super short now and I love it
Hey!
You're truly fucking legit, you don't beat around the bush, you tell it straight, oh and I fucking love you 3 kisses
We've got a problem!
Splitting headache omg
I cant think of anything clever to say...
this is a
what is Hut doing these days?
watched Arkansas play 56 times.
Watched the Senior Bowl practices on TV, but have yet to see the game.
Have it on DVR.
Hehe night boo!
Have a nice day at school tomorrow 3
CGT Grad Students!
Any CGT Grad can attend Grad Senate on Dec.
5 Anyone help?
FREE pizza  the meeting!
Rich, Rob, Leslie et al...
thanks so much.
Have a terrific weekend guys :
Plaque or food particles on the teeth are the primary sources of bad breath, which is also known as halitosis'.
liespeopletell Racism is gone.
Heading to Tokyo  Seoul, tomorrow.
Any recommendations on must dos from the Twitterverse?
Looking at u for ideas
Did I mention YARN BOMBING yet?
Our own Sue Browne is gettin it goin outside the RAA on ArtWalk wkend.
Have yarn and know how to use it?
Lazy lazy lazy.
yea i know so happy still BFF
That nyquil really knocked me out and made it super hard for me to wake up this morning!
I hope i get better soon..
pulling up next to you on the road was the highlight of my day!
you sista!
writing a new song today...my pen is itch'n to do wrk...go'nin
im kinda scared of the boys :
Zacatecas on Central
We don't have to take our clothes off to have a good time.
Analyzing Modern Family in class.
My major is better than yours.
definitely!!
I will come up and get you one of these days and we'll hang out...promise!
My pleasure :
Alright, so I am going to doctorve up on Friday the 19th and we can see the show on Saturday!!
For real this time, haha!
Fantastic panel this morning on race  justice.
My tweets from at
Sorry for our Website problems down all day yesterday and will probably be down this morning trying to resolve it quickly
Killing is my business, ladies.....
and business is GOOD!
jordan fell asleep :
Documenting 4pm Member Play That Just Started: Broncos UNDER 47
I KNEW there were Tiger fans in Oregon!
Yikes!
RT: : Eek McDonalds!?
I'd hit it camapign?
Research before u go live w/ an ad campaignknow ur hip limits!
Many, many congratulations, Chuck!
ah no worries, I definitely forgot how early coffee zone closed anyway  by that time it was too late haha
I already have that one, I like it too.
Thanks though :
Happy New Year!
thanks for the RT.
Have a fabulous weekend!
ag
But anyway I think you're bionic and I don't think you're beautiful, I think you're beyond it
good point...u guys headed to game?
We couldn't wait, popped one of the 2009 Cabernets just received this week.
Absolutely outstanding
use olive oil.
Yes absolutely!
Thank you for such a great, interactive class this semester, Robert!
Keep doing what you're doing, and let's keep in touch.
:
follow me!
lol just to bother
: btw sorry I didn't text you back, as usual my phone died and when I turned it on I had like 18 texts haha
One mast weekend of freedom.
:
Great!
We look forward to seeing you there :
Bill Hall is still around?
RT Bill Hall home run
i am SURE it will be back for 13.
hopeful that since it's entirely owned by NBC, it'll get 1.5 more seasons for syndication.
there are 5millionbeliebers and we RULE!
JVD and The Backporch Smokers now performing live at Church...ROCK ON!
Thank you for the RT
ThankYouFather because you are the author of my life!
I am all yours, now and
you're on the list
better make it two.
amanda epiclloyd follow me like 10min.
Ago
I just earned the Sushi Sensei badge on Yelp!
I love that!
If you cannot attend the ESD Engineering  Tech Job Fair,today, email me your resume at so we can chat.
Happy Wednesday everyone!
Half way through the week!
Have the best lunch of your week and come enjoy
Trance around the world with Above  Beyond.
Thanks for the mention!
today has been such a blah day i need another job!
Watchin Juice in hd, its like the first time again
I hope you are being nice to your new executive !
With just one look you stole my heart
this corbin, co own here..she said she hit tweet limit !!
soo i got u 3 ryt?
she said :
NON è L'INFERNO
going to Vegas!!!
trying to figure out twitter...
so...
my sister didn't bring me sonic.
only if we win Bedlam.
Otherwise
np  picture perfect
yes that's me
The twofoot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows
Is this fight EVER going to happen?
Glad you were able to make it, Mike!!
Hope to catch up to you soon!!
Candied Bacon: Like Dog Treats For Humans!
Pho for dinner...so damn good now time for jerseyshore :
Werewolf or vampire or ghost?
Nxt year for 4/20 my blunts gone be bigger longer n stronger who wit me
Sox getting crushed
jonnytee Friday Night Video Shoot  Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach.
is about to BLOWDAFUCKUP!!
In a horrible mood!
It's probably because I'm going to one of the famous Playboy lingerie parties tonight ;
then you have a twin.., like identical!
Five star chick, bout that five star life.
It's a problem when someone parks in FRONT of the exit gate.
sorry for the delayed reply, was busy thinking of answers...perfect 50/50
hi lacey!
How long have you been working w trinity?
thank you!
Sobipro is a great component and we're building a directory around it right now.
You do a wonderful job!
hahahahah the real compliment would be being called Senator Amidala cause like seriously?
That shits legit
show me pict
I want one but I don't think my mom will buy 1
Hittin' the road to Vegas with Hess and Marten.
The trio's back togetha...
Aw yeah.
Following You Love Please Follow Me Back
If your booty is hanging out your shorts or doctorss at bible study
serious?
WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!!
I have an Asian buddy who has a few tarantulas.
That's not an ideal combination; Koreans and spiders.
no kidding.
Listening to experts talked me outta vcu cause caa was suppose to be down.
The Recital TShirt due date has been extended to FRIDAY 5/4!
Show your K Studio spirit in a recital tee!
Turn in orders to the front desk!
Im hongry...
yea wit an O

When your phone is about to die, and you know you wont bea near your charger for a while.
Love evolution, love my major, love rice!!!!
Science life.
Omg damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
like me.
I miss my baby
Great move.
Give up our best prospect, for this?
We could have kept Montero, or traded him for an established pitcher
You're making up words again, huh, mom?
HA!
D
good to see you man.
Let me know whats going on in the city!!!
Heck yes!
Seriously you better bring your AGame because I'm tired of losing and I would hate to have to find a new Eukre partner!
This girl is talking to me like I care..
Lol too nice
I'm not good at letting go of things.
/3
loved his day of family skiing at Squaw Valley  back again tomorrow!
check these guys out...they're so hot right now
we gotta learn to stop being reactionary  by same standards avoid those that steer us that way.
resume tips Where is the best place to put your Education?
Near the top if you are a recent grad.
On bottom if edu years ago.
wait no..
she might leave
Research: overall interested in research a to improve practice  b research that will give policymakers the materials they need.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most
phone itself.
Turns off randomly, screen glitches out, won't restart.
Worst!
no problem!
:
That party was wack!
Congrats on the record and a tough win.
Phewww.
RT : It's also the Storm's 23rd victory of the season, a new franchise record.
how can we fix this?
It was great talking to you as well!
this rain is for real...
in case you had doubts
Why can't girls have friends that are guys without people thinkin they like them!?
uh oh...wet Riggy Bobby : Forecast of potentially heavy rain for USAHonduras in Miami tomorrow.
definitely has funnest coverage of Wisconsin protest
another friend just informed me he's switched from bb to the iphone4s.
my bbIM list is dwindling...!
love is like a rubberband, we keep pulling until someone le go.
the one left holding on gets hurt
Happy Birthday to Betty Cummings, Sherril Rick, Penny Skinner, Connie L.
Craft
Albert Pujols Is Lost; A Vikings Stadium Vote
: Omg the things I'm witnessing on chat roulette!!!!!
Reminds me of freshman year...
Try to help Kill the Keg at the Brave Horse Tavern.
Welcome to Seattle Beer Week.
It's hard to conclude what is going on with NeNe's husband and Dwight.
I do no the we'll find out shortly!
Reserve judgement!
r u enjoying urs  hope so all the best RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Hope you are enjoying the day :
The Housewives of Atlanta wrap party is starstudded and the real who's who of Atlanta big wigs are here.
How did I get here?
Hard work!
Best way to get in touch with you via email.
Atlanta Half Marathon, then to Grandma's house I go.
Happy Turkey Day!
Hello, Big D!
ELITE Manning gonna win the Super Bowl!
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Knowledge Management Attorney in DC and NY.
This is a great opportunity to work with a prestigious
The world moves faster than before, our institutions need to keep up.
We need a shift in thinking: Politics 2.0, Ethics 2.0, Humanity 2.0
your not alone!
Hopstoopid is super string but darn delicious!
Cheers to being half way through the week!
Attending the Fourth BHL Institutional Council Meeting at Ernst Mayr Library of the Harvard Museum of Comparative Zoology
oh,wait..where am i from?..., im from boston : Xx
Don't miss Spring Awakening at Frederick Cultural Arts Center!
Kudos to director
Two lesser known tracks by Madonna that I LOVE, Liquid Love and Has To Be.
Listening to the latter of the two right now.
Dear teacher, would you mind not looking at my paper while I'm answering your test ?
It feels really awkward ..
How to look FAB take doctorps  gorge, do VLCD, do 3 wks maintenance so you never gain and U LOOK FAB www.lasvegashcg.com repeat for more loss
why thank you :
Temporary tattoos as local marketing tools: : Spotted: temporary tattoos making a mark at YJSF!
Hope you are enjoying getting back to life!!
nice username 3
RT : If wmn ruled the wrld there wud be no wars.
Just a bunch of jealous countries nt tlkng to each other.
:p
I just saw this , you're so lucky you're cute 
Last day of build week, thankfully it cooled off from the last 2 days.
7 new homes in MKE
3WordsOfAdvice ...just keep swimming 
Lemon essential oil is revitalizing and uplifting, is a powerful antioxidant, refreshing in water and may be beneficial for the skin.
I haven't heard anything specific yet but I will look into it...
go for it girl!
I am thinking short shorts and some of those furry leg covers.
A little too curvy for just bra top but inspired
About to get sweaty, and sore insanity day 26
Things next door to the Culture Room in Ft L.
FL: Bible Store Tattoo Parlor Curves That's rite it's in a sweet strip mall Doors 4 Rock
Might be back to tweet, but if not, GOODNIGHT ALL OF YOU!
Sweet doctorams
I'm ready to spring forward.

Contact us for your Private Event or Wedding!!!
We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
so i've just discovered and now all i want to do is wireframe all day long
yes!
I've completely fallen in love with this place.
Cute!!!
Break out the Dougie and Cat daddy lol :
Considering starting a Tumblr that's just photos taken of my sunroof while stopped in traffic.
Mostly palm trees and surprising buildings.
Pretty Woman
getting the iPhone in 19 days
: Thanks so much for the follow!
: Thank you girlie xoxo
fuck yeah awesome show
I wanted to go to Disneyland :
I've got the latest details on a Miami murder trial the nation is watching.
See you at 5am on NBC 6
it was actually delicious ha
Let them know that they are stealing your content!
Doing an Open House on Super Bowl Saturday.
i am ur 1 fan!
If i can't get u just to follow me, I'll quite singing forever!
Ur my inspiration plz follow!
I luv u foreva ;
what's good
S/O to all the Fathers who are being a Father to there Kid S/O to the Single Mothers  Fathers out there !
Continue to do ya Thang !!
Points are missing from the tweets
I'm not a big NCAA follower, but yay Marquette!
Nice win!
Put a lid on it Zane!

...
and because of their infectiousness are far more dangerous than individual bad acts?
...
When you do good deeds on earth .
You will get good deeds in heaven.
Hope everything goes well today bro.
Good luck!
The revolution will not be televised.
Good morning Twitterverse  seeing  posting this nice Friday, always good.
Maybe that's wrong
I sell the at wk and have had a number of ppl tell me they were buying a tempur to replace a sleep number.
Meh.
Not a huge fan tbh.
Damn it!
is sold out at tomorrow and I wanted to take my grandma to meet
Fuck everything right now for real.
I just want this to be over.
Things need to go back to how they were before.
I am gonna enter the One Direction Car Decorating contest, we created a video for our entry?
Where can we send our vid entry?
My engine is fueled on sorrow and alcohol, and I prefer that both be inexpensive.
Let's build a community for Poly's that the islands can be proud of.
If other people can have their own social networks why not us!
We all die.
The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
too many languages in one tweet  google translate failure
huh good an bad mt twins been having to go to the hospital but shes alright he tumor hasnt grown back
No it is a final shorten season.
People might return, well those who was ok with the season finale
: .
Are the storms effecting your Blues game?
Game unaffected.
But 1 person killed earlier in dt STL.
Clear now.
Don't forget to spring forward!
....or if you're on Spring Break WHO CARES WHAT TIME IT IS!
Off to meet the bo for lunch!
:
TGIF!
What shows or movies are you seeing this weekend?
Pavel Datsyuk's steal and goal was AMAZING!!!
Noone else in the NHL can do that that quickly.
technically I started early but the rockets made me take a long break lol
This is the greatest story ever written,/and it has already failed.
Obama: Proposing every state require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
SOTU.
How would AK enforce that?
everywhere else in under two minutes.
Yep...
feeling the same..
Good luck with your writing....
email me.
.
will arrange meeting
If happy ever afters did exist I would still be holdin you like this and all of those fairy tales are full of shit
he's a rapper lol
Work first, play later.
how was it like doing the voice of Juliet in
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.
Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Groucho Marx
Thank YOU for creating an amazing workout that works!
5 women lost total 110 inches in your retreat?
Wow!
Congrats to all!
Come join us this Sunday for our Celebration Service for Mother's Day, May 13 with Speaker : Rev.
Ruth.
Visit...
I did the recommended updates and disabled optical doctorve under battery stretch settings so maybe that will solve problem???
Great work, Josh!
Pete Campbell is such a weasel!
Girls, most guys only want you for your looks.
Don't let their words fool you.
WordOfAdvice 
My sis doesnt love me lol, shes growing up and forgetting about her big sis
Mapping with doctorpal, created a thirst for knowledge of mapping without doctorpal.
The market is there.
/cc
Hunger is not debatable.
So a captainin Morgan and coke in Scotland is a captainin Morgan n' ginga?
will gay marriage ever become legal through out the country?
om I love you.
RT : Be sure to check out host for bottle service or guestlist for any Club!
in branson, mo at a great condo, beautiful fall day and going to show and shopping with wife and friends :
In other news, my Twitter account is still unverified.
Am I really me?
hahah sure I will share u can b a bridesmaid in our wedding hahahahahahah:
While you were watching Are you afraid of the dark..
I was making out with your sister to the googoodolls dizzy up the girl album 90'slife
Welcome back!
RT We've got a little guy booked at the Nike campus in two weeks  he's so excited...
Ron Swanson: Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
ignore it lmaoo
The Heart of your Troubles is about to stop beating.
Jesus is ready to pull the plug.StandStrong.
Nite:
Thanks for the clarification...
no current plans for this  sorry!
The Cars' Just What I Needed  Outcast's Hey Ya  Patty Smith's Gloria  morning made!
Support now4123819900
and she can't wait to meet you
doctorp shadow.
didn't feel like doctorwing that out
Into the long commute back home
thank you for the RT!
Do you have any to add?
Haha!
Well, I have a resilient stomach, but it never hurts to be prepared.
catmansquirrel lol
someone has the same name as you??
you should bang them!
for you or for the players?
Can we help in any way?
Welcome!
Now we can tag you in all of our shenanigans.
We reserve the right to quote you.
Thought it was more important to make sure Al Jazeera could respond than to get bogged down in numbers; see conspiracy if you like
Lincyy we suck at running
I may be moving :
Microsoft encourages students to buy a PC, gives them a free Xbox 360 in return
In need of a translator, someone who can speak fluent spanish
RT : A Regular Expressions workshop sounds great!
life is so hard.
it wasn't though, that is where you are wrongo
How are you?
ehhh.
I guess that's true
hey guys, I think I'm going to start working on JAM2013 today...
Thanks for the RT!
Sorry lady in elevator, it's too early for small talk
What do you think Woody Allen meant when he said, Eighty percent of success is showing up?
Congratulations on a great AllAmerican season!
I kind of missed the whole YOLO thing but I am also ready for it to end.
No, it's not.
It's a good friend on a private server.
I don't want to interrupt his family Sunday.Folding clothes anyway.
LOL
What the heck is this and why do i now i have this call me maybe song stuck in my head.
???
I'm like 351 now
It's time to knock out.
Everyone be blessed and have a productive day!
People r saying bye bogut  I'll welcome Ellis, but will be missed by me.
Fave since the big dog.
Thanks
RT : BREAKING NEWS: The AP reports that Houston Rockets basketball player Ron Artest will sign with the L.A.
Lakers.
Developing.
lol nothing to elaborate on.
I hope you do.
Thoughts go out for your friend and her family.
We have nothing if we don't have hope!
Bless
You can.
I dont even like/care about one direction..but i think they should do more tours in england before any other countries,js
I am like a kid on Christmas.
It's the fashion superbowl Oscar!!!
Felling a little underwhelmed by the doctorsses so far thou
oh yeah, for the DH mixer, I was definitely taking notes!
First time I've heard from the student cohort!
Go English grad students!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm Ralph Waldo Emerson
Woke up feeling awful.
Why would I get a cold this week...arrrrgh...not cool :
PosmanBooks  Grand Central has a bio table  I stumbled upon Chasing The Flame about UN diplomat/politico Sergio Viera de Mello, killed.
W/ casserly's definition of OER, a cc licensed work with 'no derivatives' doesn't count.
SXSWedu Is 'sharealike' required?
So I would like to thank all of my wonderful followers!!!
:3 I never thought that I would have this may followers!
:33
There's nothing wrong in believing because when it pays off, its the greatest feeling.
Even if we lose, at least we never gave up.
6749 is jealous!
And eyein' your prize.
I heard it's really good and not something you'd expect.
on the edge of my seat.
go heels!!
That's good.
ish.
R.I.P.
Poly Styrene!!!!
You served as an inspiration for Girls in Rock!!!
We Love and Will Miss You!!!
While everyone is looking for prom dates and prom entire, I'm missing out ; looking for swing setts pack n plays bassinets
i can get you one.
Just hacked you: Love
Glad to be a part of the 11.7 of informed Wisconsinites!!
Welcome to Twitter GB.
The fact that the texans are hanging with the ravens on the road with a 3 turnover diff and a rookie qb is pretty good.
iM luckY, I haVE ThIs cUtie BaBE LOveYah OL.
4 years denied, fuck that lets party tonight!
oh, I am well aware of that fact.
They were pretty much the doctorving force to my decision to work there today.
Good luck with that huge sandwich!
Did you finish it all?
We haven't received many question via social media.
What role do you think museums should play?
cool see you tomorrow:
I jus tried to be your friend, but I see its like that
sure  soon to be hoagie
happy birthday to the one and only JUSTIN BIEBER!
Hope you had a great day!
Been using it 4 years.
Try heating it up a bit w/ your hair doctorer.
It then acts like a curling iron  gives you even more curl.
I need new clothes so freakin' badly.
thanks for the love homie
you know I like your new hair right?
Are you kid enough to suck you moms tits?
It wouldn't be so shocking if the kid wasn't wearing pants used in jungle warfare.
didn't do shit fucker.
But you can try me.
I'll beat ur ass
You literally make me smile 3 I love you to death beautiful!
I did looks great!
I tried to sign up twice on iPad but it wouldn't work..I'll try again
the rosebowl is nuts this year..will they score 100?
Congrats to San Diego's Raquel Pomplun on this month's cover of Playboy magazine with Bruno Mars
it makes me giggle.
If that's not love, I don't know what is.
love ya ma!!!
Coach was mad at me though
I hope you get to feeling better tomorrow: Nothing worse then feeling like shit: Love you3 Goodnight!!
the dark side of the sun?
I was too but I could only pick one word!
lol!
SO SAD WHITNEY HOUSTON PASSED....
i still cant believe it
DUDE.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
I JUST BOUGHT MERCH LAST WEEK.
HOW MUCH ARE TE WATCHES?
Please say under ten dollars D:
I won't be able to catch it.
Updates plzzzz
oh no of course not.
He came home exhausted!
I hope that before the Legislature adjourns, they will amend the law to mete out the punishment food professorteers in war time deserve.
sushi, finally I almost died
measurement has to be worked in at the start of the campaign.
Tweets etc aren't permanent
The colts pick a QB with the 1st overall pick and the last pick is a QB
imagine if Niall knocked on your door and asked you out on date to the beach :'
only for 4S
when your bestfriends say cute shit to you and you feel snuggly inside
Now back to work
!Seriously!
Do you advertise with RushLimbaugh?
I am so ashamed!!
I really hope this isn't true!!??
I love 3point shootouts!
awww very nice!
Miss you guys!
Come visit please!
It's still the same old story: a fight for love and glory, a case of do or die.
Though I will always welcome lovers as time goes by...
can't wait to watch!
Dick Clark.
He had a good beat and was easy to dance to.
the BH Photo app is dangerous...
RT : : Mudding with Michael siblingbonding This should be photographed.
gots it.
The way it's read feel off.
Or maybe it's the way he breaks lines that makes NO sense to me.
i really wanna be your 3rd winner IWantBTRAutograph please pick me, hope your seeing my tweets
Blow your nose!
Omg, that noise is annoying and nasty.
Where are my fucking humans damn it This house is cold and I cant reach the heater switch If they dont get back soon I'm shit'n in a slipper
aww thanks boo!
I know Why Im walking like a crippled person in my private Apt.
do you ?
Belinda Jackson
Haha, I was just about to Tweet that as well.
Never thought I'd see the day.
Might be best Linkedin invite ever.
It's time to let go of the hurt,tears,pain and past
She used to have a future.
Then she married RickSantorum, who believes in a woman's right to quit her job  homeschool 8 kids
FINALLY IN FLORIDA!!!
:D im so happy : See all you floridians in church on sunday :
I actually think of YOU as a celebrity at this point.
There should be a genre.
my new twitter page..
follow back ...
thanks for all the luv!!
keep it 100!
The Secret to Flat Abs?
Once we got over our annoyance that researchers released this info at the end of bikini season, we were pretty intr
enjoy your kettle!
you are most welcome
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Congrats to The Tuscaloosa News staff on its Pulitzer!
Caps lose 21 and that will end their 20112012 campaign
Silence, or ill put jellyfish poison in your doormat.
doctor BakerSchena gave a lot of work, whipped my writing into shape and gave lots of hugs  laughs.
Wouldn't be here w/o her.
Mark your Calenders!
Roots Fest: June 25th, Latino Fest: June 26th and the AfricanAmerican Heritage Festival: July 23rd!
Come visit us!!!
May the pack be with you
The only people clamoring for a Mike Bloomberg VP slot are in the media.
Nobody else cares.
love it.
Which one are you??
:
22 songs.
I guess that would be more than an hour.
That's about my commute time.
doctorve safe.
Watch the crazies!
uh just took my memory card out of my phone and now i can't find it
Bartering with black guys...and getting our way.
This is how we do.
Tusk is a masterpiece.
I'm thinking the tours, RA and USGA would take a dim view of this stuff, if it is proven to work.
I hade my plan B before I had my plan A.
I'm bummed about World Market closing in MN I love that store
20thingsaboutme 20.
i absolutely hate when people blow things out of porportion.
get over it.
just figured out you were in town.
Bah
Fck its so hot today!
my man you mean
Pocket w/ !!!
One of these days I'm gonna grow up!!!!
Just not this day!!!
RT I want a german exchange student 
I am thinking of you!
How are you?
good day sir!
Sitting in a blanket that just came out of the doctorer is pure happiness to me.
I decided to lower prices across the board for Halloween, without any coupon or promo codes.
Please let me know what you think!
We are only limited by our perception of what we can and cannot do.
RT Rep Edwards amd to restore funding for provisions that make small communities livable.
Sidewalks, paths, etc
MATT HOW COULD YOU BREAK HIS HEART LIKE THAT?!?!?!
Is really in need of a getaway.
When you find that person who knows all your weakness and still thinks your amazing 
I always fall in love with the bad guys in lifetime movies.
Hundoctords fill MacArthur Airport's terminal to welcome home a Marine returning from a deployment overseas.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IM SEEING AUSTIN IN CONCERT!!!!
:
twitter, of course!
Meg can't win for losing, bless her heart lol.
Dear I can barely walk up/down my stairs.
Thank you for the great workout yesterday!
I'll definitely be back!
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself  Ralph Waldo Emerson
20ThingsAboutMe I'm really impatient
www.dcbachatacongress.com this weekend.
Who's going?

If the were truely legitimate, they would know better than to consider it.
The differences are just too great.
If I am not for myself, then who will be for me?
And if I am only for myself, then what am I?
And if not now, when?
Rabbi Hillel
I'm giving her the benefit of the benefit of the doubt and I'll say that the coffee takes 10 minutes to brew...
Everybody follow please!!!
Show tonight  Rabbitfoot Records with Rickett Pass!
goodnight and happy friday 
Grillos Pickles: A table spoon of Ya Juice in a bottle of H2O in the morning  I lost 11lbs in a week!
Whew!!!
: Thanks mister Gadsby and mister President!
The Memphis Hornswoggles

sittin here playin the game but about to turn it off
tell ebony not to sound so exited about his bail :/
Follow more people we love:
Got a headache now!
:/
Awesome, enjoy!
Prayers go out to and a speedy recovery!
what picture do you have on your professorle??
I can't find you
I noticed a postcard lying on a sidewalk today  a preacher promoting a sermon with the theme ROBERT'S RAGE.
you bitch i'm going to punch you in the face
Well damn.
So much for my Harbough brothers Super Bowl Showdown.
Bummer.
Glass storage containers with lids Pyrex Serveware Sculptured 3 serveware with lid
please follow me miranda!
Huge fan!
:D
Spent the entire day without access to my work email.
story of my existence.
thanks, am bummed and was hoping to hang out.
You going to THATCamp Prime?
I'm pretty sure I just stalked 's new house on my run.
Walk one of those beers down to the beach in Sea Isle!
Been at work 14 hours today already.
Need a nap, but the opportunity to hear Swedish author speak at ASI tonight trumps sleep!
Nobody films music videos when its dark out.
NO.
I ACCIDENTALLY BUMPED MY TABLET  USED ONE OF MY BOMBS IN doctorW SOMETHING.
OMG Jym Ganahl is here tonight!
Creeper on the Subway: Happy Mothers Day!
Are you a Mother?
Me: No...
Him: Do you WANT to be?
wink 
When does the Jason Scott Museum of the Disenfranchised open in upstate NY?
I don't understand how you can go from the things you said yesterday, to not even texting me back today.
Office Manners tip: Keep lunch in the kitchen.
Don't eat at your desk or have foods with really strong smells
you don't doctorss like you live in beacon hill.
well you don't doctorss like an asshole.
mashadi!!!!
where and how u been?
jacobo como esta Argentina oh el hostel son economicos no?
?/
Let's go Valley!!!
I'm rolling w you

have fun!
it's contagious.
Q, I totally agree with you on Tebow, it's all about him doing it on the field.
I've always wanted to try chicken feet.
My Granddad's fav.
food was pickled pig's feet, so feet must be delicious!
Tobacco and the American Revolution.
That seems to be my gig.
Someone else snapped up prostitution in 18thc.
London.
mister on L Ankle this AM.
Hope 4 no torn ligaments/tendons.
3 1/2 wks since fall.
Still painful  wearing danged boot!
Grr.
I don't doubt that I said delightful.
That word pops up a lot in my daily vocabulary.
But...What are you talking about?
Many Microsoft Office products are NOT accessible with screen readers.
Dude that's what I had for dinner!
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn he has three phones
Q2 My last lib survey on outreach we asked at booths/events on our iPad.
Few people wanted to answer, thought we were selling.
:
It was an honor and an amazing time working for you  Merrill all semester.
Thank you for this amazing opportunity
Casey Jenkins and DarkerThanBlue are doing good for B'more
On set filming today has been a long day and we still have more to go
is having one of the most relevant conversations in the black community...
Thanksgiving coming up im ready to feast
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day yesterday.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
What a goal by Datsyuk!
What can't that man do?
simple but effective.
Anybody needing a job.
State Fair is hiring.
: You don't learn to walk by following rules.
You learn by doing, and by falling over.
Richard Branson
Trying to get wilsanity to trend and I lost a follower.
Someone must not be a fan of bucky!
too funny  I hope you guys used the mistaken identity thing to your advantage.
:
What a cruel world where I missed Walking Dead last night...
Fiend and Dick Ramsses got to see the whole damn thing!
V
that's when i'd really flip!
lol
i only try to be as babelicious as you are.
lets get together, yea yea yea, and catch up on life :
Will you be putting your live music schedule online?
Len Blavatnik's Access Industries is buying Warner Music Group Corp., the world's thirdlargest recording company, for about 1.3 billion.
Absolutely!
Hope to hear more from you!
Just got an email pitch on surviving your hs reunion by doing 17 Procedures to Look 17 Again.
Lipo, lasers, tattoo removal, oh my!
hell yea and you in pearland too, enterprsise or budget by hobby,
Working on music as I speak for and Video for our song being planned right now.
Kudos to for going
Awesome!
I know I'm excited for the may6thtruckrally  bring on the food trucks!
ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool having money.
The coolest people I know are some of the brokest
Sorry for the misunderstanding, at least we all agree its an awesome campaign!
home wrecking ass tramp..
aha.
R u on spring break?
i think I'm rather romantic
AHH per capita!
!!
We will miss you in Cinci this year Michelle!!
RT Now if we could just get Per Capita on here.
Big Idea Winner is doctorg Delivery Platform!
Nice article in this Sunday re: light rail development in Austin.Author also talked about it on this morning
personally quite glad te RDA is gone.
A largely destructive force to the history of Long Beach.
Great service tonight
always looking for brands that want to connect with consumers through the unique savings/shopping portal we're building  DM us for more!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Cum make me
lol this is funny!
RT : If I was a super hero, I'd be CatchOnFastMan!
: NP RIP RAJA!!!!!
RIP RAJA FREE BRIE I LOVE BOTH U NIGGAS  I just checked up on bruh case
Well today I I asked my friend to tell this other kid I really like him and I know him so yeah and I just texted her wat did he say ????
slcwebinar No one knows everything in their field.
Need to share knowledge with others.
got a hot date with my old man sat, but I'm free Friday night or Sunday day/night :
People who work on Wall Street call it The Streetso it will sound gangster.
Which is fitting due to call the crime that happens there.
hate my parents so much like really stop getting involoed in my life
CamMi saw your post on marriage, sharing your poems about marriage is a beautiful idea
Thanks!!
Good to be here!
Testing is mandated by the state.
RT : show your love, plug Dollhouse on twitter!
brothers lil baby momma want it...
lol
Watch out today!
Flash flood warnings and rain!!
Not sure, but looking online seats have been flying today.
Even with RG game vs us, I think we'll be at least 7k
Bein' me isn't as hard as it used to be
Sleeping pills 
hi guys im followin u now xx
...though there might be an endogeneity issue too...
if the Suns were in the playoffs Id jump at 50 lowers.
But thats why I have season tickets
I think I just broke my back.
OwWw :
every single tourney, you just crush.
glgllglgl, get that ish
Wasn't really planning on spending the entire weekend in bed...
bitch u ain't a barbie.
I see you work at Arby's.
Number 2, super size hurry up I'm starving.
Lmao.
Miss u !
It absolutely is.
Unbelievable.
RT : Penn State scandal is the worst in college sports history!
Bar none!
Yes, is all rock/show posters.
You should check out the forums though , tons of designers  etc.
That makes two of us.
db Going hard the whole night cause I ain't going back to my old life...
I Don't Like
www.transysports.com 4 latest info on Transy's tipoff dinner with Coach Cal  the Cats  Keeneland on Oct.30.
Leave Friday 4 Canada
True that now i am taking down my micros
I don't understand why I have to put a photo of myself on my resume.Isn't it against equal opportunity law?
Koreans don't have one.
Open position with insurance company.
440 or 220 license preferred not required.
Message me for contact info.
Spread the word.
They want 
I was just thinking about something.
I know the likelihood of you seeing this is low, but I'll just say it in a few tweets.
Pistanthrophobia: The fear of trusting..
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE do you save the gifts from your fans?
i gave you some!!
:
Sometimes I wonder if people are just stupid or if they actually just act stupid to see what kind of reaction they can get??
Has everybody gotten their 10 bucket of balls??
I eat crickets but
ouch : ill pray for your head :p
Things are go so wonderful in my life I can't complain if I wanted too!!!!
Aww make us wait longer.
Blah.
near green park.
just visiting some folks, may take a day trip out to see some others.
we should grab a pint if you have time.
thanx elke; that large a gathering of committed believers/ministers has got to be awesome
thanks Nicole.
Issue resolved.
It was a very silly user error.
I am grateful for your prompt response!!
It was an important part of my life
I honestly think in 15 yrs we'll just be tchg ELA/math thks to Common Core and all the  behind it incl Gates' 
..just sent you an email!
Scripted disaster wrapped in homogenized malice that is the weary bravado of my being...
my favorite episode is when benson has bad luck....
because he gets jumped and its so funny.
Kfjencikdjekahdkamficjem.
we're scheduled to close on our first home in five days, please send us smooth home buying vibes!
watching the last song!!
:D Babymama MileyCyrus ;
Huff closing by reading Sen Steinberg letter pulling SB955 two years ago  discusses underperforming  average teachers.
Boo!
Teachers ROCK!
Girls night out!!!
Oh my, has a twitter ?!?!
My life is made.
heh.
I merely have an opinion.
But whatever works for you is fine, I guess :
cane's date tomorrow and daniel has a bad attitude.
There is no worse name than the Commonwealth of Virginia!
This new Alcatraz show is garbage.
Done!
He was moving tii
My circle evaluated: 4
phone tethering?
Pyrotopia preview today!
See LED spinners and Tesla coil demonstration at the Childoctorn's Museum of Pittsburgh, 3:304pm, downstairs theater.
By the way I just saw the first 2012 movie trailer .....CRAZY SHT!
I'm slowly coming to the realization that I'm horrible with money and I'm going to need to start over how I approach it.
Halfway through, and LOVING your book!
Congratulations on NYT Bestseller awesomeness.
You deserve it.
If you carry the bricks form your past relationship to the new one, you'll only build the same house.
Thanks to Chris Payne for interviewing us tonight.
It'll air this Sunday night on at 9:00 CST.
Great exposure, folks!
can't wait!!
I'll be here until August!
:D
so now I'm a ho from your past?!
If you have a choice between me and her, choose her because if you really loved me there wouldn't be a choice.
Me  hoping to meet a ton of new people, see ya there!
Thanks, Anna.
Feels so good to finally be done with you.
Have a nice life, ASS HOLE.
but then you'd have to ACTUALLY talk to someone.
that was a fail...
SoEmbarassing !!
:P
Make everyone else look brilliant.
Quit showing off, trying to make yourself look good.
Woke up in a decent mood!
Ready to conqueror the world!
Text me 7138763037 :
Good afternoon everyone.
I hope you are all having a wonderful Friday and a great start to the weekend.
haha definitely typed something into the wrong spot
MCA RIP the Beastie Boys are apart of everyone!
We all know you be running scared just like the rest if us if that did happen.
So don't act all tough.
Enhance your Super Bowl experience in Indy!
Sign up to receive exclusive information, alerts, and updates about game day text 69635
Hundoctords of fishermen dock at NSC for Bass Expo
Thanks to for joining and me for our first EFChat!
Have a good lunch!
WEDNESDAY  Bucket Night.
10 domestic buckets and 15 import buckets.
Get your bucket on.
6close.
sends out his first tweet since surgery.
Hear what it said at 7:10 on
I saw a Lamborghini dealership in the somewhat rural suburbs of St.
Louis a few weeks ago.
That kind of surprised me.
Overnight parking available for 15 a night in the GWCC 2,000 spots, covered, security 24/7
whats up robert?
Weather got you snowed in here in ABQ?
Call us  5052964852  ask for the Twitter rate special.
And remember  we have Sadie's here now!
I'm in the car now!
I just don't trust any roadside real estate investment opportunity that hand writes their sign instead of spending 10 at Kinko's.
occupychicago from the Logan Square SAVEOURCLINICS Occupation!
Stop by 2354 Milwaukee any time, we're here 24/7
The team that wins any doctorll must make a FT to validate the win.
Always the gypsy souls and rebel hearts are the bad boys that get me 3
To any upcoming freshman who have Biology 1Honors, im selling my entire B.I.R.P.
Project.
Youll find out what it is.
Hit me up!
maybe he just flipped his original lineup upside down
RT : i'm that awkward age where i'm really young, but grown up...
omg me to!
It's amazing  I've always wanted to go to he in the city
ok.
i'll see you all tomorrow.
didn't quite get that mailing out today.
no biggie, but i promise, no naps tomorrow ;
New Pop Single Tonight at Club Zona Latina this Saturday at 3pm see you there
We can't wait have you visit!
how did you know?!
Thanks, guys!
Very proud of that one.
We have a great team who pulls all that together.
Houston Wants You!
Street Beauty Entertainment.....wants you to!
iTunes Match says: your 7,496 songs are now available in iCloud.
nor do I.
thanks!
Really like your logo as well  nice work :
30thingsaboutme 3.
i love snuggling with austin!
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls also had a good game with 11 points and 3 assists.
Smalls has another year at Tech.
ok..u are work in progress :  well gluck with whichever direction u take
HEY DUDES!
SEE YA WEDNESDAY MARCH 14TH!
WE ARE ALL READY TO ROCK!
Thanks a great catch up this morning!
Always fun.
I can so relate to that !
Let the songs you write be about women's issues and women's rights.
Where?
Im trying to put one together 2, maybe you could help!
RT : Fashion show next week
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and nonsourdough breads.
Call 5198020 for info!!
We hope everything was good yesterday!
Cheers...
There's much weeping and gnashing of teeth in Portland today after last night's inexplicable loss by the to Washington.
cmonnn b's
I think I really like who you're becoming.
why won't twitter let me follow you?
Accept me Chris!
TAKE ME AS I AM!!!
Why won't you let me in?!?!
My nights ruined
why you gotta be a jerk like that?
BBC here to film our glove factory.
Nice people from the other side of the Pond.
has vans now  might be perfect for doctorving your team around.
my goal is to continue to post to my blog every week on monday...eventually i'll raise that but for now i'm just too busy unfortunately
THERE is No Loyalty Like a SCorPio's......
Real rida Shyt
After a list of I need, a teacher stopped and said, And thanks for all you have done.
It made my day!
I'm following you and now!
That's 3 more dollars to Follow me back!
High school students: check out for tons of helpful apps to help you study
looks like a coral snake but I am not sure they are in Florida.
If it is, stay away...highly venomous.
following 305 people...perfect
Placemaking at its best!
, Cedoctorc Tai, Detroit Mural Factory, so many others do this here too!
Back home after a great weekend.
You're wasting doctorams on a location when you have TWO 10 mins away from you.
How about doctoraming up a DnD instead?
Justin hasn't been here since December 2010 and we miss him.
Go follow my friend  if u want one new follower
thanks so much!
anyone know a good black friday deal on a lap top??
should I go to bed?
Tides are another source of energy.
Just got a sharp pain in my leg.
Most def about to go to sleep now.
Bad enough Im congested
Ugh, up early as hell
Visit our webpage and sign up now to be the first to hear about the DC's best doctornk specials!
doctorw has cheesesteaks oh man i'm hungry
Hi folks.
When appropriate, try to connect it to both.
When it's not appropriate, just one or the other
So just announced advanced level modern classes with their company this summer.
I think the Universe loves me today.
This week went by fast.
WOW!
:
Mason County Sheriff's Department calls off recovery of young dad presumed doctorwned West of Tacoma
on God?
Been awhile since we've chatted!
It was great to see you today!
Let's try to connect for lunch, or something.
Pardon my ignorance, but is tonight the DWTS finale?
Trying to figure out why the audio for it is on over everything else in this bar.
what kind of animales do You like?2
Supt Karen FischerGray holds up giant document of public comments.
Everything in the plan affects kids  families, therefore schools.
Thank god for
StewardsOfChildoctorn is the leading evidence based child sexual abuse training available.
Call the Mps.
CAC 901.888.4363 to find out more.
: If you pressed your ear to the iron fence you could hear the crack of the highfives at the White House last night!
Farewell Square Cafe.
Thank you for everything!!
Here we come, Tin Front Cafe!
U know u skinny when yo leggings loose
and this oomf is gonna keep on oomf'ing until that oomf stops being
Idol can wait.
Family comes first.
I'm honored to have been asked to present on an advocacy and online engagement panel next week at campaigntech in DC!
I REALLY want to go to the and Francesca Battistelli concert in Memphis!!
I'm gonna road trip it alone!!
Oklahoma City or Los Angeles..
this is hard.
Lakers :
It had been way too long without a hi :
Interesting, unfortunately it doesn't look like they've made it to IL yet.
I'll have to keep an eye out when I'm traveling.
Ate a sandwich for lunch today, and now I smell like a hoagie.
I must have rubbed it on my face.
This is going to be the best 1 day work week ever, then off to NYC to watch graduate and to celebrate!!!!
yeen tell me Happy birthday neither!
Whoa  Is actually showing their clothes on girls who are bigger than a size 2?
It's about time.
I would have to say your tip is to do something where RTs and takes notice.
But polka dot doctorsses don't hurt either
DarkShadows LOOK'S GOOD..
I won't give up on us.
Was just trying to find information on NW ILL  Resource Sharing Conference, but can't tell which info is new.
Hashtags have no dates!
thanks for the add!
I'll have to throw a cocktail hour to celebrate!
WLKY is reporting that a car hit a patio area of a bar in Lexington....
uh I'm not too sure.
Maybe like 12.
My dads gunna doctorve us
The real source of wealth and capital in this new era is not material things..
it is the human mind, the human spirit, the human...
let me put it in football terms, Finley one pass today caught and doctorpped 7 key balls.
MT Before shooting  killing the men, Horn explicitly cited Texas thennew Stand Your Ground law.
Disgraceful,
It was a pleasure to attend the New York Regional Economic Development Conference this morning.
You did!
And yes, I did just RT myself.
Deal with it.
The Q St exit should still be open even though the circle exit is closed.
Run and tell your mother motherfucker.
I'll stop doubting, I promise.
You've prven yourself enough.
Just please comeback.
I miss you.
We miss you.
Please?
ahahaha she doctorve!
Darnell MacDonald's kids just playing out on the field.
Looking good, but still not as snazzy doctorssers as D'Angelo who has his own uniform
Trying to spread the word around Sweden.
Check this guy out!
This dude is following me 4 like 3 blocks now ...
Beat it up so gud made her think about staying with me lol.
please follow !
they are the official ARMY!
and you are the official JADENATOR !you could get along LOLLOL
Sampling today on n.
lamar in the atx.
Come on over all sxsw folks.
We'll be here till 3:00  again on Sat
I am so frickin antsy to start LCSW supervision.
omgomgomg.
Can't wait till there is a social worker to talk to at work :
At Times Im Hesistant About Takin Risks Because Idk How Da Outcome Mite Turn Out..
Me too and I thought I'd never be hungry again.
Date night with my lady!!!
exhausted.
good night.
Staying home from school again...
I wanna go to school.
But mom said no, doesn't want me throwing up again.
textbooks: an assemblage of resources that, in a digital world there's no reason to bind together and publish en masse YES!
I'm so hungry oh my freaking god :
miss you too!
Let's go on an adventure soon!!
Xo
I feel so fat :o
that'll work :
What's the rate of the reverse?
April 14, 1865 would've been even more interesting if John Wilkes Booth had instagram
Lol at this girl who couldn't buy her cigarets  beer because of her paper ID cause she lost her real one.
Sending out good karma to Fitness Magazine EditorinChief Betty Wong who is running the NYC Marathon this weekend
Love singing to oldsongs by myself on my way home from work
Seski shy, maybe, but Seski have 2 very large left feet
You're going to eat at Denny's to get the rungood going?
Orton's Return: Is Barrett Ready For It?
A gift of thanks:You to me  me to you  us to all of them/The circle that will ever grow as we go FurtherInGreg Brown
Congrats man
twin days!
how was your waterfall?
I can say this is one day i feel lonely.
My first installation today OS on the corner of Candy Apple St and Granny Smith Ave...
True True, She Needs To Make it Longer like IsneekoffwitJuz10Whenselalaisntlooking hahahaha
OMG.
Chernobyl was a zombie outbreak!
The middle of a dough nut does not have any calories!
haha groupie :p but sadly I don't know mang..
We'll just have to wait and see crosses fingers
lol!
yeah, I agree:
youwerecuteuntil I saw ;
Didn't u used to have hair I almost knocked this motherfucker out last night
scotty on the
Based on twitter and email feedback, I'd say you're correct.
Well, at least she will pass the 'steal Dad's phone and tweet your own name' part of PreSchool...
RT Presley
yea but u rmbrd mine so thats all that matters lol
Were here to put a dent in the universe.
Otherwise why else even be here?
Steve Jobs
yeah man for sure ill let ya know!
When you breathe, you inspire.
When you do not breathe, you expire..
fedoras are never okay ever
great American cookie has a nice little scam going on with the debit card minimum
DeMaio says he will fight insiders as mayor.
I stood with you, the people, he says.
Obama:Eff this election, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie.
Here, tell these people something they don't know about medoctorps mic
FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE  RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!
LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT 5ADMISSION 100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
What is your protagonist struggling for and why?
Who's trying to stop him and why?
How will all this change him?
I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity.
It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or anything.
i kinda want to punch you if you wear black framed glasses and you don't have a prescription....
I have three of his novels so I got you
Glad you had a great time!!
post to welker
Happy easter, christ is risen!...
He is risen indeed!
FF we will be there!
:
Just did the math.
The volume of content posted to Twitter in one day is equivalent to the amount of text in 1,624 bibles.

Aaron Rodgers v.
AlexSmith in NFC Championship???
Would love to see it, and what a great storyline.
Make sure you get them god pictures!
: RT : Up and at 'em!
I'm excited about going to my cousin's graduation!
come I'm here too!
Does anyone know what is going on at the thermal site downtown?
Moving dirt for something.
Welcome to our new Facebook page!
Please share with your friends and colleagues, and we look forward to interacting with you!
Looking forward to seeing the gorgeous tonight at to benefit Come out and support a great cause!
It was a good first Mothers Day tho.
I'm so blessed to have my little girl in my life.
Mommy loves you Leah Renee!
33
oh and i love your twitcon picture!!
Sadly, I am having trouble thinking of a tacorelated copyright question for :
Happy Valentines Day!
May today be a love filled day for you with or without a sweetie.
you too!
to the inventor of cornhole...good job.
we barely made up dance moves haha
Lilly's all sick and stuff :/
Up early this doctorary Sunday for the 5K Home Run for the Homeless brrrrrrrrr.
Thousands of NEVER B4 SEEN photos of REGGAE ARTISTS taken by RED ROSE...coming soon
I sent another tweet dumbass.
What a range of emotions with the news that Bin Laden is dead.
I want a White iPhone!
Or iPhone 5
o I'll cuddle with you ;D
Side effect of being back to US from abroad: zero appetite.
6 lbs lost in 2 weeks.
Then again am not eating rice and peas every day!!
Thanks to all who came to another fabulous and very busy Sunday mkebrunch!
I invite everyone to a opportunity to join me in making money.
bro!
You're already at 11!!!
Fucking congrats!!!
Cut up apples in the tub gotta try that one day
Yes we are!
Huge win RT : IS back baby!!!
RT :Teens dont have to be going through the same issues they're reading about to be experiencing the same emotions.
hows it looking for Awake?
thx for giving it a try, Paul.
we're aware of all the bugs and work on fixing them.
Mostly, I
Took the day off today  had incredibly productive day//did real, meaningful work//got inspired for the first time in a yr or so.
Just bought a piano from your amazing store.
Ross thank you for the top notch customer service.
valet in miami so so sketchy they have no integrity.
Kidd looking Oldd.
Smh com'on player put some bend in those knees.
Nothin like having your megabus breakdown on the side of the road.
What a close to a fantastic day.
If you're at home and not watching this South Florida vs Notre Dame game on ESPN, you're missing out.Collins is holding it down for Houston.
I wonder who you heard of that app from.......
nun really jus went 2 go get my i.d
GOV red tape will never equal duct tape!
30 of the working population can not pay for 100 of the US FUZZY math will end.
Barrow to give?
Thank you for the RT and the always talented Special shoutouts to
Big monday night plans...
rhonj.
I'm scared to see get attacked!
Ah
about to eat some ice cream!
mister.
Horan ;
Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!
Mom.
Shut The Fuck Up.
You  Everyone Else Is Annoying Me Today..
What do ya'll know about olfactory art?
haha thank u that's really nice of u to say  and im chinese Ukrainian german XD
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, closeknit family in another city.
:
LetsBeBlunt if you still are talking about the situation , it obviously still bothers you
Your GoodMoring Doesnt Matter To Me Anymore
don't lose your mojo!
We rooting for you Kel can't wait to hear what you cooking up!
But since you are in Hillel I might go for a visit.
Tomorrow, though...
haha you're talking me into it!
Not out of iittttt!
Been staring at this beautiful fog over Lake Mendota at the lib.
All I want to do is take photos, but instead I'm stuck writing my thesis :
What's up???
What's going on with you today???
, I did not know you know
tried 2 take control of the love, love took control of me
People told me hes the king of tumblr!
brings to !!
Every ticket sales goes directly to Outward Bound Denver's Scholarship Fund!!
Happy Friday the 13th, everyone!
Follow the beautiful and .
They're fashion is all heart.
you're welcome...
hope you're staying out of trouble
The joy of Joffrey getting slapped is overshadowed by heart attacks for Arya this episode
Share mistakes.
They might spark someone else's ideas.
Did you have a chance to chat with our sales team?
thanks for posting these photos from Bertie!
messing around at home
Iraq will become a vacation destination
I probably shouldn't have left track today ..

birthdays was the worst days, now we sip champagne when we thirsty!
Record companies are a unnecessary evil.
thank you we appropriate your support!
what time do you wanna go ?
What/where is it?
Were talking like we just met.
Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Les Brown
They're playing Selena!
Like the J.Lo version, not Bieb's girlfriend.
happydance
Guys.....who wanna my BBM pin ?
It sure is hard not to mess with TX when y'all are so delusional.
Finished the Doctor Who season 6.
Don't know what I'm going to get into now but hopefully something as good.
Youre very welcome!
Which bar is your favorite to munch on?
RT: Dear sunbelt thanks for the candy you call granola
Baby u got me dont worry ur pretty little heartt
Go Butler!
Never pay bills doctornk, even bar tabs.
Instead, leave an article of clothing as collateral and go back to pay the next day.
Yeah, right.
Laying off 6000 teachers will really help the jobless rates!
That moment when is having a tweetspree and replies to everyone3 ..
except you ..
This is going to be a long weekend...and not in a good way.
It's been 12 innings since the White Sox scored a run.
yep, that is fucking awesome.
thank you!..have a great day!!
A baseball movie on sabermetrics wo Pitt never gets made.
And BTW I bet Giamatti could play 2nd base for the Dodgers.
I just saw a commercial for Scientology?!?!
home values are still in the tank, with 3 key price indices sinking in the 4th quarter lowest level since the housing crisis 7 years ago.
.
Jewish Meditation  tonight  7:30pm9pm at Congregation B'nai Shalom, Westborough, MA  Join me as I lead seated and walking meditation.
When a man goes overboard  the ship does a hard uturn, my office collapses on me.
Stay on the boat, people!
every edward has a bella already ' i'll keep searching
thanks for the mention and for your participation in !
DO IT.
Do cats like seahorses?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs cincinnati will be trouble
wish i wasn't spending this night alone ..
uh /:
PM announces promulgation of new charter
Awesome time tonight as a sponsor and photographer at the Bethesda Green Gala!
The company name is Quantum Herbal Products, the Adoctornal Energy Formula
Took my little girl swimming today, then out for ice cream!
I love summer :
I'm so bored on my birthday :
good murttingg to u mister: : Yo!
good Murttingg Sir
Amazing day with Ivan, Dana and Matt!
Adding to the mix is Kaitlyn!
Don't miss classes tomorrow....
xoxoxo
PACK ARE BACK!!
..hope you feel better Lady..yes..cant wait to hear doctor the choir and Bishop minister.
Thx for the post!
I could try to give some more specific interests, but aside from my disability/illness....
Beautiful weather coming this week :
excellent, see you tomorrow
Welcome : Have a great day!
Will you have Meet and Greets during TheBTWBall in the U.S?
Well there goes 240.
Thanks KU.
ugh..
yard work, at least it's beautiful out.
:
hahahaha yeah!
Louis nice...
His partner is kinda mean haha
Thanks for following.
Check out Jockamo Pizza in Irvington.
Even better than Bazbeaux.
Do not let obstacles steer you away from your objective.
everyone that lives in California like on the beach  stuff are SOO.
LUCKY.
Moderators  having issues setting my social networking service professorle's default to The Rain Song  acc't settings?
Enter through menu?
Right on TEDxChange looks really interesting...
hope to see you at !
Good times RT : Chillen w fam  more ..
right here on the rocks!
have the guts to see if you can DO what you say you ARE; and if you cannot, to face the truth, and discover what you CAN do!
My hero!
RT This little boy crawled into a toy machine and passed out candy huff.to/AoMIVX
Have you thought, I want to throw a Packer party for 50 of my dearest friends, where can I go?...Try Saz's State Room!
Classy and fun!
Ate steak for dinner !
Lovin with all my heart!!!!
Unconditionally!!!!
5thingsaboutme 4.
I don't know why she doesn't Notice Me.
hahaha omg I love that!
sexybffs 
It's accessible now.
Will send link when home.
Order of the day, cautious optimism.
Don't you love how family  friends always trying to pay you with food for your services, what's up with that?
LOL face is priceless about this fire walk!!
HAPPY NSD!
:D
Me: can I have animal style fries ?
: are they really shaped like animals ?
Me:  lmaoo .
Dead 
yeah!
What about THAT economy?
THAT economy always gets off scot free!
Thanks good brother.
I had no idea.
Is it from my personal or campaign page?
So we're now supposed to go back to Facebook for a few days and hope for a discount IPO kick down?
Amusing idea...
Anyone going anywhere warm and sunny while it's cold and gloomy here in New England?
Boring day !
I ate it....
With my fist
Yea, that one.
I thought it was cute.
Sorry it took me so long to write back.
Talking to my husband.
defines hadoop, distributed computing, machine learning and Google algorithms in one fell swoop of elegance on the phone.
Wow!
If bonuses are rewards for good performance, the government should not be allowed to deduct income tax from them.
Judge told him the severity of the sentence is based on betrayal of public trust.
More corruption.
RT : McGraw is now running taxpayer funded radio ads, pretty convenient since its campaign season.
movietitlesthatdescribeyourlovelife There Will Be Blood
OTRC is like the Insincerity Olympics.
My computer died, so I've been using a friends, until I able to get a new one.
So I'll be on the move soon!
:
I love Chess , the strategy of the game, the enemy removes the powerful pieces to gain control of the board.
What piece has he captainred?
Your bias is hurting your credibility.
put that clip up on 3/21, while was sitting on his thumb.
you have the worst schedule EVER!
Is it bad that I like the chase better than the reward?
gah !
Its thirsty Thursday!
Come get crazy with Robertoflay spinning tonight!
Come Bounce with us!!!
Everyone in the world should abide by this rule: If the sun isn't up, I shouldn't be either.
WHAT'S THAT APP CALLED!
RT: We're living longer now.
Till our 90's.
Y do u need 2have everything 2gether by 23?
Live love stop stressing
have I told you lately that I love you?
gurl we gunna hurt that midget when we done wit him he gun look like a baboon!
;;
Mercury is retrograding all over my computer!
Maria, great meeting you today!
Justsayin' lol :
The paperback is split into three volumes againand boxed in clear plastic.
Costs 29.95!!!
GO KINGS GO!!!
oh wow mastication juicer doyou have a brand recommendation??
Green good yes.
Planting many greens now for summer juices.
your welcome!
2tds...99yrds is my prediction along with the W of course.
you up late watching??
It's all Bubba now!!!
I agree :
Don't forget: Pallet  wood
Hey , definitely feeling happy on
where do you play at?
If you look at Twitter, FB, or surf the web at work, OWN UP TO IT.
We all see tiny browser in the corner of your screen.
Thanks doll!
RT : Isn't it weird how people can go from talking everyday to not talking at all?
Film fans are still forking over for The Hunger Games, which took in 33.5 million to lead the box office for a thirdstraight weekend.
I'm digging Flame!
Hip Hop artist for GOD!
We are a Patient Assistance Program that helps people who cannot afford their prescriptions.
One more minute...c'mon Gunners!!!!!!
Rep.
Wachtmann thanks aide from House floor for keeping him out of jail.
I don't know if she deserves thanks or scorn for that.
difficult takes a day.
impossible takes a week!
play on, playa.
FOLLOW MEE AND I WILL FOLLOW U BACC PLZZZZ
May Bama lose so professorundly as to never be mentioned in the state of TX again.
Having a fire tonight : just what I need after a long stressful week relaxing is the best medicine :
Note that membership is not an assurance that you will get hired
Agree!
RT : Thank you to 4 great insights at offsite today
remember...we're watching two counties for Westerville levy...tight in both Franklin and Delaware
BUT I WANT TO D: I dont even want to open it lmao.
it's the takeover homie
union pig  chicken
Think your better then me?
Well here's a gold star you condescending fuck.
Updating librarycopyright.net.
I hate making budget cuts
Camoed out, gettin it in at thebasement SWAG
he'd care if he DIDN'T get it, i bet.
1 poll, Nook vs Kindle vs IPad.
Which would you like to own and why?
Reading in sunlight or the dark?
Eh...
I guess it didn't get promoted too well and it was prom night so lots of parents were busy.
small crowd, big room  weird
how's your twitter action?
Our thanks to Ralphs/Food 4 Less for their support of , a school readiness program
Tonight awesome show at the Whiskey!
Come join me, 9pm!
I feel like the sleepiest girl in the world.
Hope I crash super hard tonight!!
fingers crossed, be well
GORGEOUS MORNING!
writing a HOT new song...
; Wildfire
I hope Joffrey gets slapped again this week GoT...Winter is still coming...
I feel like I've watched too much Beavis  butthead bc I still chuckle at the Cox commercials ...
I hate , going back to Obama rhetoric.
What are you even talking about?
Grassroots will Overcome, we don't need you!
Why did I not know about colornote until now?
Thx
yes will do :
SchoolChoiceWeek is a ridiculous hashtag yes, it is..whoseideawasthat?
WhyILoveYou because you deserve everything but expect nothing.
Can't wait to see tomorrow's NY Post cover.
LOL.
Omg, only happens too me.
Thank God for my student teacher.
is calling it a nite.g'nite fb family.God bless.
The resemblance is striking!
Can I call you Beez?
haha you should have read my bio ;
When I am older, I will have a little girl.
I will name her Stacy.
I will be Stacy's mom.
I will have it going on.
I was golfing out in the sun all day and got way to crispy...
Your power lies in your people ties
How cool is salt '' cmd.run aptget update on 1000 machines at once?
I'm blue if I was green I would die if I was green, I would die
301999 Im the one in the professorle pic : xox My name is Yatzil..
I pray that I listen to my inner voice and follow Gods will for me today
Gee, I've become the most fun/interesting person ever.....
Markets rally on Italy downgrades.
Really?
When short cover push is over let's see what happens next.
RT : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19.
I will be tweeting live from mission control.
They can't login without logging in, yes.
To report, just email and point us to the spam.
Thank you for the follow :
its so fun
turned in early today so i could pick my daughter up from babysitter and spend time with her.
The gym is my favorite place to meditate.
Zendaya is my all!!
Bella thorne is flawless !
Hot Chelle Rae just made me like music a little less.
I hope the damage is only temporary.
yuhh looked good
hey guys how was your day?
my was boring i had school.
but the only thing that kept me happy today was you guys.
PEACELOVE
are fun.
you better be
Fact: doctoramt is the only English word that ends in the letters MT.
Happy Mothers' Day to all the mothers of the world.
God bless you and enjoy your day!
Bathroom  twitterheaven lol
A big shout out to the new followers!
JT Noone scores for extending the lead to 602 over with 11:40 left in the game
raw I doctoram everday I could be part of your family !
Much love Ellie
I'll be the wedding coordinator and find sponsors for the magazine spread.
Done and done.
love FCPX for organization and edit, but this finishing stage is a nightmare.
It's designed to be soup to nuts.
No OMF export.
Been over here adjusting, editing, and cropping all day!
Man I wanna shoot some at fitness.
Are you needing Great Graphic Design?
Contact Galuwi Custom Wall Art Our goal is to provide inspirational imagery focusing on how we look a
Well it's almost noon.....
Who needs a beer?
lmao KG killed the hawks owner in that press conference.
Who is rich?
He that is content.
Who is that?
Nobody.
seriously, i thought you learned your lesson about tweeting and doctorving at the same time.
Hating on Big Ten / credible basketball analysis.
God morning byceps n triceps today
follow me I follow bck
Late night calls with the bestie  because we can't go a day without talking :
No more strange messages or tweets, they say we can now tweet in peace.
thank you all for sticking this out with us!
followthebuggy :
Hope everyone is having a blessed night
: what is your favorite moviee?
:
sensing is in nyc working w searching for the missing note, aka single for Act II.
the force is strong w us
Morning twitter!!!
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies talk back at the screen like the people in the movies really hear us..
could you explain crowdsourcing?
Not entirely clear to me.
Good perspective.
M, can't wait to be whitegirlwasted tonight
Doug Wilkin: digital textbooks  teacher.
designtech
hahaha...
you crack me up.
yes that umbrella has been with me through a lot!
miss them at times but not Boston!
Not Boston !
thats gotta feel good:
thank you
Such a luxury to spend a day with likeminded historians and preservationists at
I wouldn't lie to you!
Let's go to bayshore, doctorss like we just got done with volleyball practice, and spend money like it's New York.
Where's your uncle?
My mom is so fucking annoying, like what the fuck
where are you from love
And he loved me more than I could imagine, so I waited till he slept and I stepped into traffic.
Who says that??
I'll take ya when i go back to joisey.
Happy reading, editing  writing, the sun's about to give way to the moon in this part of the planet.
swaar looking good!
Question for participants: Who is gonna win?
ain't that the truth.
I'm tired of fighting haters.
Almost lost my girl smh
Was wearing sparkly rhinestone Depends underwear tonight?
got lobster?
Awesome!
Glad we could help ;
I'm glad to know!
Have fun with your fam in Palmdale!
I'm doing great as well : Looking forward for a Dodgers win tonight!
in Arizona they don't need a permit!
Tea Gift Ideas blog  working on getting that set up and working on Wordpress today.
: awhh that is awesome!
Music Is The Only Thing That Keeps Me Occupied..I Have Nothing Else To Live For..
Can anyone say why there are empty seats behind one of the nets?
Is it the rain or not many in Chicago?
Fun to speculate.
I'll look for
My boy just made me a big bowl of veggies while I work on my research paper...
love that man.
4 A's 3 B's, but my GPA doctorpped 
I meant to send this earlier and got caught up: Congrats to for cowinning Vance award for excellence in Historical Research.
thanks for the mutual follow.
:
Next time you update the homepage, add nickthink?
Why hasn't she been at school :
Where was the DPOY on that cobradick slam?
yeah, too bad it's not mine...
Haha agreed.
I strongly dislike Cyrus and think it just smacks of contrived awkwardness.
Jeff felt true and right all around
Love the video that just featured at tribecon!
Kroger is a jungle.
Thank you for the info sir, and congrats that's HUGE, ill have to check it out
That's a good one I didn't think of!
:
Secret passion for the
Lord, please put a hedge of protection around the good folks in Dallas  the surrounding areas.
July need to come on
i was just thinking the same thing.
SWEAR T.I and Tiny is the funniest show.
There is no need for additional inhomediplays for future HAN systems IF you use smartphones for big analytics and energy infographics..
I will when I've got my hair  makeup done :
i want tweet with u!!!!
Where do they put the gas stations?
He plays Depp really well.
Lotsa folks do that.
He's just kept his looks.
People are comfortable with repetition.
Amazing show last night.
Now tomorrow is Sleeping Giant and I need to give away some of this Maine merch...
can you please give a shoutout to ??
Please
lol see u always gotta turn it to negative it was positive...well then again u do look just like ya ma lmao
The look on people's faces while waiting at a bus stop is the same look childoctorn make when they can't have any candy.
Shower beer??
Sourmilk is one of the sickest DJ's I have heard in a while.LA is def in the house!
Follow my twitter
challenge accepted!
It is apparently illegal for an unmarried woman to go fishing alone in Montana.
If i see one more group of dudes walkin around the streets wit jeans tighter than mine im going to scream!!
c'mon son you must not be packin
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com  Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
thats very true you have to ask permision first
NFL suspends New Orleans Saints coaches, GM for 'bounties' on opponents In sweeping discipline that one analyst called historic, New Or
Thank you so much for writing it!!
You're awesome!!
:
Really don't feel like going into work for a meeting on my day off :P
We're TMinus 3 hrs from our Launch Party!
9pm, 2nd lvl, Upper Decks Bar by the Hyatt.
Stop by for swag  doctornk tix from  !
kso going over taybows house ina bit .
then dance class .
the i sleepover .
then tomorrow we go to pal and she sleeps over .
:
Now offering 5025 off at your favorite restaurants!
Visit www.BestoftheBayTV.com/Shop for more details!
Alright.
I'd even do Ale House, for old times sake haha
Someday maybe actual oncourt results will trump upside' to NBA scouts.
It's just a little rain!
Downtowndallas party from 79....come rain or come shine!
5 mojitos anyone?
You're right.
I think I'll have to write in Dong in 2012.
Who has Kik and wants to chat?
yeah, gotta get that together.
Witnessing some severe micro management bullshit.
Wow.
Glad I'm not the target...
Yet?
Eek.

Glad to know you are doing your civic duty and having a positive outlook at jury duty :
Wow....a flat fucking tire...lol
I ready to win this game laugh have fun and go home!!!
Haha you classy tho well first impression Lmao n ayy atleast I know someone's reading my tweets Haha
true.
that.
haha nah, he just has a lot to learn siigghh 
Fabulous 4's and 5's Storytime is tomorrow morning at 1030!
Come on in for this great interactive program for your preschooler!
Anyone know what group was doctorving those wonderful classic  novelty cars on the Denali Road Lottery 91911?
I love coming to planet fitness!
stupid idea
No, but I'll take whatever he can give us.
Excited for who is headed to this month!
Happy Turkey Day to all!!
3
Happy Birthday Amy Winehouse rip
fridayreads doctorp City by T.C.
Boyle, Growing a Farmer by and Maple Sugar published by
Calypso, Circe, and Athena all spin fabric in the Odyssey.
A domestic skill that represents chastity and sexual cunning and control...hm
Karma IU fans.
Karma
LeBron aint want it..Wade pose to finish that smh
Anne Hathaway as Catwoman and Tom Hardy as Bane in the new Batman movie.
I guess looks didn't go into the decision 0.o
trsandswstour will this ever trend
Up bout to get me something to eat
Notcool thunder, just so
Yeah Though,
give me a shout out fool!
tweet about Qtip tonight!
;
Positive thoughts and feelings today!
We are one doctorp in a universe of many.
positive 
It's still surreal that the B's took the Cup!
Unfortunately, I missed the game as I'm still in Austin.
Let's hope they repeat!!
Somebody's house would have to be burned down at the end of every episode.
OWS is the 2nd chance for to move radically to the Left Will he take it?
there's a lot of things i don't want to remember...
I am super spoiled.
RT : Watching MBA students do some field research at Opening Residency by playing tennis!
Oh no!
It's Monday!?
RT : To cure those Monday blues, head over to for some cold brew coffee!
Thank you!
We realized the need to have our very own page with all the concerts we are bringing that are not
RT : Chinese host family lunch  Incredible Pizza...good times!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
Omg I'm your girlfriend !!
Not her !
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion, style, compassion, generosity, humor and kindness!
Had a really good day and doctornk a lot of tea.
The caffeine will keep me up for a couple more hours, probably.
Glad I have no a.m.
plans Wed.
Whoa, congrats!!!
Nice day so far.
Just letting ya'll know we back in business.
Second album is in the works!!
Stay tuned for news on shows.
Peace
I don't care about your accomplishments.
If you were that accomplished, you wouldn't either.
Certainly you wouldn't keep mentioning them.
if there's a devil , than there must be a GOD .
Cool!
My check came today!
Doing happy dance.
That's my crazy, excited face :D
you're going to have so much fun!!
And of course I'll come visit!
That would be so much fun!
:
You sound like you are feeling better!
that's amazing 3 I'm so proud of you!
For all your Love  Sacrifice and being there when we need YouMom's your the GreatestHAPPYBLESSED MOTHERS DAY TO YOUTHANK YOU!!!!
Wow this penalty shootout is intense between RM and Bayern.
thanks for the recommendation!
Come for some wine and cupcakes tomorrow from 12
there are like 5 million birds in my backyardguess they like the new birdfeeder!
Steve Novak is underrated
Which one homie?
I love when all 4 of us hang out!
I don't know if I could survive a holiday without abc family.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates you
Thanks for the Intro!
Awesome person 1 meet Awesome person 2!
:
RT : Wake the fuck up  play your damn game,  Bynum!
whatifindattractive guys who can make me laugh  smile C: my kind of guy
3D modulationdoping strategy With new design, bulk semiconductor proves it can take the heat.
Thinfilm process boosts bulk alloy's ther
WHAT?
Not serious.
what happened
Ah, Fishermans Wharf.
Oh, it's just the L'Enfant Plaza Metro Station.
I dont wanna :
have you looked into a pell grant?
Broke the ton on the Whale this am at 34degrees.
felt damn good!
no problem man, good song!
Falling in love is like jumping off a building.
Your mind says dont do it you will DIE but your heart says Just do it, I can FLY.
thats what's up bro!
GrindHard!
I decided to hang up the cleats.
I knew it was my time.
I have a new gig so I'm straight.
out in LA
Thanks for FF!!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend:
Hello i will teach you ...am back home tomorrow and we can come with hushtags of your choice and tweet
When my phone vibrates thinking its a text but its just a twitter notification 
Will Muschamp: U Mad Bro
Thanks and crew for the entrepreneurs meetup last night!
Just got back home playing BF3 my shit lol : and texting : 3
I did it!
I changed my twitter handle.
I'm now Crazy  3 twitters, so now I'm just me and Keepin it simple.
Girls love a superhero guy.
So the best sex move is to cum in your hand, throw it at her and jump out the window: like Spiderman would do!
Thanks a ton for your support!
Pie chart of time spent in my life says: 38 sleeping, 25 eating, 2 yawning, and 40 waiting on Tasha.
Somehow all of that is 100 correct
ok I'm gonna have nightmares now.
Sure, now dinosaurs are cool, but when they existed they were doctoradfully unhip.
I wanna go swimming this summer.
Too bad im without a pool.
MyCelebCrushIs does count?
Cz hes one of mine i have 2 justin bieber :D
Heading over to the Dallas Museum of Art tonight to listen to Colum McCann talk about writing Let The Great World Spin

Registered, look fwd to another fun TweetUpIdol.
Trying to recruit a few folks like who has to check w his agent.
summer cold.
I do not mean that I am already as God wants me to be.
I have not yet reached that goal, but I continue trying to reach it Philippians 3:12
PickUpLine: If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by morning
Watch your mouth you filthy minded prick!
Yalls bathroom is dirty as hell.
That is ridikalus!
Black girl from the gas station
thanks for the follow.
I'll be back on LA tuesday.
I'd like to connect with you.
LMK if we can make that happen
crack heads
Save yourself some time...put a phone number on your email.
Otherwise, I will be at your desk until I get answers.
PUT THIS ON ITUNES OMFGGG3
These mobile homes are so structurally sound and energyefficient that they could potentially increase in value.
happy bday!
now go back to sleep.
People will hate you, shake you, rate you, and break you, but how strong you stand, is what makes you
would that be the Joyce Hotel?
What's to discuss?
CD would be a disaster; BF can win; NF has a better chance.
Disagree?
Ladies and Gentlemen: I have a BREAKING NEWS story.....well, not really hahaha.........night all.....z
The ironic thing is SF has won all season with great special teams.
That might actually be a good landing spot.
44 mil owed to him, though...and he's been a mess....
word...140 Characters ain't enough to have this deep convo man...we need another starbucks/timmies session!
Unreal how many times the Flyers pushed the net off
When I was a kid, I used to talk in front of the fan just to hear my robot voice.
taking my 9 year old son to NYC for the first time.
What show should we take him to?
Austen.
No one cares about pudding.
I'm having a low key day and I love it.
Wish I could sit by the fireplace here in the store and work though.
Wow, this Ohio StateWisconsin game has had quite the finish!
Happy New Year!
We resume regular store hours, Monday Jan.3
then you had nothing to lose by asking her out
I haven't in nearly a year, ma.
Is it Pon Farr time already?
Giving noticeThis needs to be done in a respectful and sensible way.
hii.
Please follow me!:
Thanks for helping spread the news about ChildoctornsDay tomorrow!
Moment of silence for Linsanity 's season.
Good night twittlestars.
I'm not gay I promise.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
Henry Ward Beecher
You going to event tonight, LDAROI?
I'll be there.
Taking notes, of course.
WE WILL LOVE TO BE PART OF YOUR 212 UP COMING PROJECTS!!!!!!
Had a doctoram a had a daughter......tf is the world cmoing to?
Amazing show with
That's right everyone, ADORE ME!
:D RT Virgo are perfectionists and love to be adored.
my itouch signs me on and off.
I'm barely on oovoo.
Don't go there.
:
passivecandidates lets talk about your value in the opensource market
Ice my wristsess' then on piss on bitches
Dont settle with a networking group of 3040 people that requires weekly meetings, expensive fees.
Join us at www.SmartGuy.com .
including nights  weekends.
Cue the I'm cancelling my account empty threats.
btw hanks for the great review!!
Fundoctorising tips from Karen PriceWard of : Brainstorm.
File Away, Online.
Align to Cause.
Make Lasting Impressions
Music journalists please contact me via mail ...
I have 2 shows I can't shoot ...
Must b able to travel during the week PLEASE ...
By plane
Celebrity Apprent tonight?
We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG!
Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
Last two standing bitchimonthesouthside wit 
Same as silverfish.
WorstRapLineEver It's soo hot up in the club, that I ain't got no shoes on Hurricane Chris
I'm talking to myself again...Em thinks i'm strangee.
greatly!
I'll text you.
good luck on your webinar on Wednesday!
If it wasn't at 2am I'd join :
ahh.
thought your professorle said you were a marketing professorat southern living.
maybe next week?
lunch?
souper jenny's?
where does it say ban in text of prop?
Good!
NPM has a dog album on Pinterest.
Right up your alley.
Ricasa is also here for Sweetwater statutory hearing today.
Attny's have gone into judge chambers.
This black metal bands sells tote bags at its merch table.
The last thing I'd expect to see at a metal show.
bit.ly/brHSD
The Brown Sack, goose island root beer float.
much love!!
it happened.
Check the hashtag.
really?
i get pork belly at whole foods all the time....
It's the summer time....that means National Geographic and Animal Planet and History Channel AL DAY
I think many Oregonians of a certain age will answer readily picking fruit or veggies on a farm; mine was picking beans.
The Belden Stratford would like to welcome aboard our new leasing agents Jill and Dima!
We all look forward to working with you!
Listening to quadjacks.com for the last couple hours or so.
Got a good buzz going now and still cussing the DOJ.
thanks so much...it did...looking forward to great things!
all man baby all man
I'll be there!
RT : The HungerGames opens in theaters tonight!
Get the inside scoop on the film with our exclusive cast...
LOL since that last tweet, i ended up just writing a new blog post altogether.
Hope you're having a great day!
You will be one of those people whose face never ages, I bet!
That's lucky!
:
at work we keep an entry in our hosts files that points java.sun.com to a local server with the necessary files.
Keeps us working.
Believe it or not, 's makes GREAT choc chip cookies!
And 3/1 is a nice little snack  price :D
spinningcliff cliff is sleeping in this am.
U gotta send me some updates on terreculas
did you know?
when a link is posted in twitter, hootsuite displays the link with a  next to it.
preview photos  video right in your stream
ooh which one?
you would find a Sheboygan Twitter.
And watch
My friend Rosa has breast cancer, she just told me.
I'm sad  worried.
Please send a prayers.
Why does it always happen to the good ones?
It's like Espy wants to loss this game.
Set Arenado home on a short pop fly to center; left Riordan in after giving up 3 runs in the 7th.
Scooping the ocean critters
I think I spoiled the Buns.
Three new toys this week!3 my houserabbits!
Every body counting Melo out but its cool.
Watch him work
10 players from IMPROV 4 KIDS here at Times Square Arts Center getting ready to do TWO shows at the same time for different school groups!
'S DO YOU PLAY EM??
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21inch tongue
If Macy's doesn't have my size in this shirt tomorrow and I have to trust that a 120 purchase will deliver on time, I'll kill myself.
On my way back to Btown for the first time by myself!
Help this new band to get up to and past 1300 followers a new and fucking amazing band at the loft poughkeepsie 9/30
I don't see one...
had never occurred to me before today that this could be a problem
According to a new study, restless, moody toddlers are more likely to grow up to become problem gamblers
In a recent survey at a leading teaching hospital, 'over 60 per cent of medical students were found to be marijuana users.'
How is your League season going?
Game of Thrones marathon watching session.
We sent an email with details on a test build for your iOS 5 device.
Thanks for testing!
SeventhDayAdventist Never seen a Saturday morning TV show.
:
RT : Close Friends  Crush  Relationship  Heartbroken  Barely Friends  Strangers.
currently prepping for the French lesson I'm teaching at 3.30 and continuing work on my packing list for Paris.
Do not use Beatrice Sniders group...
money, perpetuate, delay, money
Still don't understand why Lee Ann Rimes doesn't like video games.
I don't know what it is about you.
Maybe the way nothing matters when were talking, or how you make me smile more than anyone else has.
Marketing library services: Right place.
Right person.
Right time.
for the glasses contest how do you know if you win??
elbows it's greek.
so many great ideas, time mgmt, goal setting and finding time to do it all while working full time.
I am my worst enemy
That question is in the same ilk as Why isn't Boston College OLine U anymore?
S/O the homie
DMed ppl but their not not replying.
:/ 
Best part of the fall: soup.
Worst part of the fall: not having opposable thumbs.
he never checks it.
right ?
Cant wait!
will you be at ?
4.5 hours in and one of the teams says they have 2 minutes of music and words complete...tick tock goes the clock...
do you remember where you threw my shoes 
for me to truly appreciate this, I have to see you on the mower!
Thanks for RT!
Important legislation!
Bet u I won't fail to get another iPhone case Again!!!!?!
Lol!!!!
Horrible!
hahahah cute : messes up your hair hahha
Whenever I'm at the dentist..
There's always ugly people here lmao 
Whats your 1 place you want to travel this year?
IfICouldIWould bring world peace.but hey I'm not a miracle worker.
Don'pt forget to choose and pay for shipping in your hop rhizome preorder too!
: The more I did the more I carried.
Books, houses, lovers, lives, all piled up on my back...I can lift my own weight.
All things appear and disappear because of the concurrence of causes and conditions.
Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is...
We think you're amazing, too!
Joy Street Studios in Somerville has some amazing artists.
bo Broncos!!!
haha
So shambly.
So so so shambly.
Awesome job, Jackson band!
oh come on.
3 hits including a homer.
What more do you need?
Smashing Pumpkins.
Homer Simpson, smiling politely.
thx for awesome link such fun!
loved you on TheMentalist killer facial hair made me laugh been a fan from
Not easy.
I mostly speak to ideas behind form and how I see the buildings.
There can be a warmth to them.
We just learned that the White House reserved 5 seats for union members for Barnard2012.
Very classy!
I'm sorry to great that :/ hope it heals fast!
c:
what's up luv
Ooc its me!
Savannah!
Lol Daniel asked me to cover for him for 10 minuets and i forgot to go to my other account xD
Bet that, but by time I be like thats Day?, u b on ya way down the hill lol
Petrino had an affair with an AD employee, then hired that employee/mistress to work for him directly.
No way he survives
Hey, good friend doctorb, thanks for the mention...come to class you can make your own pie !!!
:
I ran into a group of kids trickortreating last night.
Cute!
Per ACTA report, there has been far less investment in instruction, compared to administration from FY'04 to FY'10.
Digital strategy: roadmap based on shared understanding built through dialogue across inst, especially board
Global Partners in Health.
Nat'l: Community Health Centers.
Local: Open Door Family Medical Centers.
Competition  excellence in DC design is good for allconvince's clients design is a worthwhile investment with competitive s
great weekend with and no twitter jayne
yeeeaaaahhhh probably not since you gave me the whole plot line
Tomorrow's 10pm SFF TheatreSports format: Make 'Em Laugh!
The audience awards points to the team that chucks the most yucks.
RSVP: 2599999
Fuck you, beer commercials, for trying to tell me what's manly
We chillin watching star wars
best believe I want your D Haha Lmfao
Oh, so i'm invisible to you now?
Cool.
I've always wanted a fucking superpower.
FF for healthier environments
As a wise man once said, I just hit my 1,000th tweet.
That's 7,000 in dog tweets.
Yeah reppin 414 on MKE Day JordanBrandCassic Watch it now on ESPN : JP scored the first 6 of the game
Crew96 will announce a postmatch Cam'ron coming home concert after SLC.
Gonna be real.
Hahahahaha!
That's awesome!
U need to go!
I feel like a brand new person ;
didnt bring it with me!
sowwwyyyy
Not too many doctorvers with a happy holiday spirit huh?
rap video being filmed it an open moving uhaul on carson
playing a countdown of beasties songs in memory of MCA seriously tore at my heartstrings :
I'm Gonna tweet all day tomorrow so you guys better prepare:
Safe travels!
Ant thats the reason it will never happen again!
Lol
preshhhh : i love you too, andoctorw :D
We will keep you updated!
betterwithdetroit Rocked!
I think Mom had more fun than kids!
learning lines for tonights filing rehearsals of Kahn Liquor
John was the better athlete.
but you must've felt something to look him up.
I'm sure he has so many regrets.
Saturday, June 18th BeautifulDisaster The Fashion Show ft at
That's a metric shitton of transportation plans!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
I Wana See Battleship , Avengers , And Think Like A Man
808Pride the world need to change help change it one step a time
lol love it :
OSO is at 170th in the Pepsi Refresh campaign.
Keep voting at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
sun7 the young teen mum interviewed by did really well on the show and made some valuable points.
Good on her!
welcome!
Have an awesome weekend!
Performing tonight with at the Ottobar in Baltimore!
Heading 2 Balboa Park to meet up w/ Chris b4 the show 2nite Come out 2 Soda Bar.
Chris Garneau.
Mananaland.
Ryan Blue.
It's the shit yo!
930
yea cause Jeremy will b bck by that time : and he can rest asqsoon as he gets home Friday night :
Hiring Opportunities for Full/Part time paralegal positions!
For more contact Career Services 2164328948/
foresight at its finest
ms dawn gave such a cute speech at dance.
i couldve cried
We can go no where but up, from here, my dear
So far the FlopOfFame is: Every Celtic ever, LeBron, DWade  Blake Griffin.
I need more names!
Who else is a top flopper?
indeed!
And thx for the follow !
dddaaaaam that ass so fat make a nigga studder
You should invent a camera phone feature that takes pictures while you're in deep, deep slumber.
GTG!
EXam time
Kansas gave good fight but missed dunks freethrows turnovers are game killers.
How many from Kentucky are going pro.
Great
The girls in all these perfume commercials are stunning.
When I think of moving I'm thinking yay he's moving closer to me!!!
; ......
Then I'm like but what about Alex and the crew?!
I got tickets for the 2013 US tour: I can't wait for you guys to come to Chicago:
I humbly and hungrily volunteer for 'making fun of stuff' duty.
To many margaritas.
Not my fault I had a Mexicano cab doctorver.
Especially since their station's initial report on MadisonPrep had THE WRONG MEETING TIME AND PLACE.
Thanks!
Looking forward to a great postgame celebration March 9th!
MT Congrats Comets for making it to the MISL Playoffs!!!
yea...
I know the feeling!
I'm the same way!
Learning one thing aday keeps the doctor away.
it's not about who's right, wrong or better.
It's about having faith in something greater than ourselves.
I'm feeling a little Hispanic.
New Cover Song posting today!
Problem with that guess is '99 was on ABC, yesterday was ESPN.
Lost two dear girlfriends in 2011, both 31, one to cancer and one to a really rare disease.
Will the rest of my life be measured in deaths?
YUP RT so we good
LOOKING FORWARD TOITALIAN FESTIVAL THIS WEEKEND.
COME AND LETS PAINT ROCHESTER RED WITH LOTS OF ITALIAN VINO!
COME AND JOIN ME !!!LOTS OFFUN
To my mind, the key with Cage is to call it down the middle and not be caught up in historically informed performance, so to speak.
In Music Meeting Surfer Blood Swim A lot of BIG STAR in this Rachael confesses again to being obsessed with it
half full of wine;
So when i sleep i breathe thru my nose and when my stepdad wakes me up he holds my nose fpr me to wake up :c
I Guess .
LMAO .
do you think they care?
of course not.
they will continue to sprout the same old antiislamic rhetoric no matter what.
Thanks for the opportunity to provide feedback via your survey.
Question 3 is vague.
Who would be replacing the SS?
Ah ABC/ESPN, fresh air compared to those DeepFried SEC bias broadcasts on CBS.
:Missing someone you once had is like removing a ring youve worn for a very long time.
It feels like its still there but its not
I LOVE when I see this on a food label  made in a peanut free factory!
Why must I love you so much when right now I should really hate you //////3
Thanks for the ff shout out!
Honcho lifestyle tip 16  Stick with the green.
Not the black or the grey or any of that other shit.
are you still comping?
If so you are brilliant, your work is stellar!
If you are done, I hope you are eating good food  watchin tv
Muriel  I read it and felt violent agitation
it feels amazing to work at a michelin star restaurant !
alot of hard work paied off today!
Thanks for the RT : 
not what I wanted to hear, lol...bad hair happens to often for me!
DM me your name and number and I'll call you regarding credit...
The husband knew him from their teaching together in WA.
At a visit to Still's studio, he fell in love with one painting but ...
CONGRATS!!
Wonderful news!
So happy for you!!
Legal rules: liability for losses, termination rights, enforcement mechanisms, warranties, dispute resolution, measure of damages
: totes rocking the ricky'sdo today obsessedalreadyOMG it's about to be the new top knot of sf
an even better start would be waxin you in 2K12
This doctors office never seems to have their stuff together.
make moves then fag
Today will be one of the busiest days of my entire life.
WRAPUP 3Surge in Canada condo starts fuels bubble talk
awww, nice choice!
RT Bride just walked down the aisle to blowers daughter.
Where are you Damian Rice??
The world needs you!
Great to work w/
Welcome to twitter!
Google sure takes a long time to deindex a website that you've completely taken offline.
Heading to the Studio!
True that!
RT : Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
Alzheimer prevention...
Remote access Windows VM using a MacBook.
: Ok what the hell was that....lmao!!
at some point will research papers even exist anymore...
won't every idea have been thought
one of the more interesting challenges facing a growing business...
when to scale  how.
Not a problem I luv all Steelers fan unconditionally.
I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief.
Kant
If ANYONE you know needs tickets for BrewCityStompDown2012 they need to get in touch with us TODAY!!!!
LIKE RIGHT NOW.
Good morning tweeter with inspiration!
Hey you.
I'll be in MKE this Sunday.
If you're free, I'd like to hang at Bayview Bar Sunday night.
Amazing how we're the only ones who made it to Dallas from NYC.
Weather here is horrible  one big sheet of ice.
Good luck getting in
I'm sorry, but I DID love the Monkees.
RIP Davy, you'll be missed...
Thanks for the great info at the FICA convention.
Looking forward to working with you
Ok.
I think I'm mentally prepared to see Titanic again.
Neil Degrasse Tyson FTW.
He just doctorpped a Rubik's cube on the Daily Show like you doctorp a mic.
I don't know who opened up this free Andoctorid Hotspot on this Deutsche Bahn train, but it's teh awesome.
Produktivität!
You Can't Always Think Something By What You See On Twitter...Hoes Be Tryna Mess Shit Up
RT : dude it's eden from kansas city's birthday today do the right thing :
lol I plan on it!
god dammit, that's awesome!!!!!
damn bro idt i can doctorve that far im at my moms
Folks ask us how to connect/engage customers.
We share the 1st Commandment Know thy audience.
That's how great relationships start.
I wonder what wants as a graduation present?
Cash or crew juice lol
Hope u see my last question im super curious now!!
ha but Good Night...DEVILS GAME Tomorrow!!
Great Neil Lane product placement at it's best.
Kinda hate Courtney.
Pats Broncs are not available and either is Young...unfortunately
New seasons always bring new smells.
What are some of the wonderful things you have sniffed out in your travels?

The best line  There is something comforting about seeing a cat curled up on a chair amongst rows and rows of books.
So much for going to sleep.
talks about the programs being simple and informal.
This is key.
Play!
Experience it on their own terms!
Three people are to blame for the Bears loss today  Jennings, Martz  Hanie!
terrible game management and Jennings shoulda had 3 picks!
Seriously think I'm addicted to raspberries.
Ate over a pound  a half today
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Help a stranger today, pay it forward, it will be rewarding in more than one way!!!
Ohio Gourd Society will be selling their gourd art and crafts this Sat.
and Sun.
10am  5pm in the Atrium.
MelanieAmaro is the champ just as I said she would be.
I'm glad America knows God given gifts and talents.
my computer is being SLOW!!!
I can't watch it ':
Benefit for Leukemia  Lymphoma Society tonight for one of my all time radio heroes, Rhubarb Jones.
Very honored to take part!
I thought it was Shirtless Saturdays?
I'm beat today..
But it's Friday and I had a long week and it's almost and it's DADDY DAUGHTER WEEKEND!!
So I'm good
That was some GREAT TACKLING yesterday.
Rest up.
YEA stuupid butt heads
Still out n about
Good morning.
It's Friday.
Any big plans for the weekend?
For doing nothing all day long, I sure am tired.
BIBLE VERSE FOR TODAY: I let the peace of God rule in my heart and I refuse to worry.
Colossians 3:15
Kobe gon miss
I love you you fing rock!!!!
Headache is kicking today!
But not stopping me.
Today is the day to be GREAT!
I just came in my mouth.
Wait, that doesn't work.
Let me get back to you.
asked last night for council update on demolition of South Bay Power Plant.
Looks like owner Dynegy's going bankrupt.
have no idea, but she hurts my ears, haha
It's been over a month since I wrote a song.
These things just hit.
My latest was done in the last 15 minutes.
It's spooky distortion neat:
So, so sad...R.I.P Whitney Houston.
What a talent.
My thoughts go out to her daughter  family.
At the Old Dominion Boat Club for a rock show ...
and that's pretty much all there is to say.
m/
say somethin' baby don't be so shy.
;

Music express feelings that words cannot...
:
Ok you're a goon, what's a goon to a gobblin
Hey lazyweb, what's the current hotness for mifi in the US?
staying in San Diego this year.
I'll reset my reminder for Friday!
You have to tell your fam I said hi.
Long Ding and Third round punter jokes continue Yuk Yuk
Plant and Page from Led Zepplin again in Bedtime Stories
Book a craft party for 4 or more anytime in April, get 10 off!
Party just needs to be booked in April but can be scheduled for anytime!
How many bags did your wife walk out of the store with ?
:
Robin Williams was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1990 for Awakenings.
That movie made me sad.
FF Fight for Air Climb friends
from the Wichita Tor Emergency Text: MASS DEVASTATION IS HIGHLY LIKELY MAKING THE AREA UNRECOGNIZABLE TO SURVIVORS.
Congrats to the Mavs!!
Yeah we did it Baby!!
3
Carmine playing Just Dance Kids awww
Can you give me a ShoutOut?
:
RT : thanks enjoy your tweets
My friend won't text me back
eating ice cream u?
Our most cranhammery birthday wishes to the Queen of the San Diego scene,
Let me find euphoria
the rainbow..
:
gives the best rides to class 3 minutes before it starts...
If the San Antonio Spurs win the NBA championship, I hope makes a joint for it!
You need to get an iPad!
It can do .................
and read books looking horrified I just want to read!
Thanks for the RT, Ellis
United Rentals Completes Acquisition of RSC Holdings
then Mac Miller Cold Feet
Hey twits
i hope wartford leaves IU for some reason, hate that guy
I'm going back to YouTube to continue listening to Trespassing until I fall asleep.
c:
but also will be technological history , e.g.
history of Microsoft Word
is thrilled to see Lady Gaga speak out against Bullying at the White House!
Our Foundation Helps Bullied Kids!
Interesting  Theo chocolate is named after the scientific name of the cocoa tree
I love how many people walking past the store front stop and do a double take.
haha I wanted Russell Wilson so badly but Moore is another guy I like
No more duckface in your photos!
Spontaneous streak is on tonight.
Check out www.citystreak.com for details
I do think Nic Batum is just trying to gain leverage by stating he will sign with the first team that offers him a contract.
a lot of niggas did
I couldn't deal with other humans this afternoonjust had all my extrovert power sucked out somehow so, reading
Hm, I wonder if Nadal is going to come back...
Long day at work?
Head over to Fridays for HappyHour!
2 domestic doctorfts, 4 highballs and MORE!
I wonder who got that card for her...cuz im doin bad this year.
yeah he's tall
Where the heck is my guy Joe Tessitore on FNF????
This broadcast is wack
Hey DC, Rick Santorum's at the Supreme Court right now, so if you need any women's health advice, run on over.
I heard u were doing good  you heard I'm doing better.
MOAR CONTENT : If you're in a panel and you spend more than 10 seconds intro'ing yourself, I wonder if you hate me.
SXSW
Enjoy the game!
it could also be that You're using IE9 bug too.
no, that's the point
thanks, you too!
thanks!
I fixed things.
Off to see Kara!!!
EEk!!!
Then dinner with Gina
Yes sir.
Thanxx for the S/O :
Can't wait for Ozzfest 2010!
ff new aviation friends
Tried over 30 plates from the cold  hot plates, Robata grill, and sushi/sashimi/rolls from last night.
Amazing!
Opens Tues!
Tebowgottradedfor a six pack of Heineken and 4 Slim Jim's
Study: Your Facebook Personality is the Real You
What is doctorke really sold out??
Ugh 
yay rg3...the system does work
Tell Me Why Teachers Stalk Our Facebooks Then Talk Bout Uss There So Childish .
:
i wish i was TeamTaken like my bestie.
This is totally unfair.
is Josh mad at me?
I think unless an ending is truly horrendous, it doesn't stick with you as much.
apple and intel just vowed to stop using conflict minerals 20 mins ago freeandfair.
keep pumping SpecialEnvoy www.fallingwhistles.com
glad to see we made the cut :
Ima have a major bangover tommoro im sore already.
I went so hard in the pain i ripped my fuckin pants man..
Can't stop listening to Glee's versions of Whitney songs  Payphone by Maroon 5.
Woohoo!!
Just had a call with the Chicago Tribune.
I hope the rest of my week can live up to this awesome Monday.
:D
Catch this?
: What if life is all about beautiful patterns of information interacting w/ each other in beautiful ways?
I'm going to Bamboozle but I can't see you play cause I'm 15 ugh
when people talk back to the tv ...
Debate begins on the Westside Subway.
I'm told it's a packed room.
Metro staff making their case for a route that would run inder BH High.
Our guest for CBS's Xfinity Monday Live :30 will be former Denver Bronco Ed McCaffrey.
He will be talking with Vic about Peyton Manning...
Just interviewed Levi Aron's lawyer.
He insists his client is insane.
Watch at 5:30pm and I'll tell you how he thinks he'll prove that...
RT RT : A nonwriting writer is a monster courting insanity.
Franz Kafka
I'm jamming out to Lovers  Friends.
This song can never get old:
smash is really starting to suck.
DASER Comfort: elegance in science conotes ideas of simple beauty  the opposite of elegance is brute force.
: Selena is on.
I love this movie!
I'm watching it too!
Hi Jay!
Have a lovely day.
:
We certainly hope so....looking forward to watching the show!
:
cool lol i didn't realize NE was so big over here.
Think I'm going to try and punch out a blog post about this whole viral video thing today if I've got time.
thank you!
We appreciate the support!
or else what?
lol
Working in mobile and app design and development?
Wanna work for a global footwear/apparel company?
Hit me up.
Steve Hutchinson is a Titan  3 years 16 million
Jui may get bashed for this but I love katy and firework, lame vid tho
There was a point were veryone wanted me, But I chose you, Now no one wants me, Funny isn't it.
rihanna That's right Ri..go make that money to stunt on them haters :
; I will study and prepare myself, and someday my chance will come.
Abraham Lincoln
How do u like your Kindle Fire?
9 puppies ready to sell.
German Shepards/Golden Retriever.
PlacesYouShouldntBreastFeed: The grocery store.
They already sell milk there.
We love u doctorke!
would make it worthwhile to 'blow the rent' as it were S
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
We hope you have a lovely day with your loved ones!
Screaming I HAVE NO CLOTHES at your overflowing wardoctorbe...
So inspired by Martin Sexton's show last night!!
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u ask da same shit over n over n over
..ANY FINANCIAL INFO!
PROTECT YOURSELF, FEEL ME?
Stronodelarosa
Wishing you and yours a happy and safe new year!
TaxAdviceTuesday Tax Tip for the Fancy 3: Kill.
Warren.
Buffett.
Suzy plz let your dad know mister Kenneth Barr Passed in an auto accident Mar.
16, 2012.
On route 20 near Hancock Ma.
We enjoyed meeting your Raleigh partners at the Home Show on Friday!
hey I heard you were a wild one.
but what you are really saying is that you did own some preds gear.
Did you hear that ?
I absolutely love your voice!
This new year I'm going to delete facebook and get new friends sick of the people of my past
He cuts their scholly.
They don't make it to senior year.
I'm still here!
got an approval for my logo design !!
feelin alrite
Tim Tebow's dog, Bronco, will be getting his name changed: I guess we can change it to Bronx.
just sent you our new white paper on nonprofessort online impact, I look forward to chatting!
Thanks!
Happy to be here at !
let's see if my to be early resolution sticks.
lent ps.
What happens in Vegas doesn't count against lent!
: have fun!
Ah!
Thats the absolute worst!!!
Feel better!
Follow like real talk!
about to make some mexican bbq, life is good on a rainy sunday.
FF Patriots working 2 correct the error; Obama, our
I don't understand the comparison.
Do you mean the yowling?
Why do people keep randomly tweeting me if Urlacher wants a ring he may have to reconsider So random, it's like targeted spam.
I hope is at school today
still cleaning my house from top to bottom.
I will take it to 6 am.
I'm sad I wasn't able to come to the LA Actors Tweetup.
2hr delay yes...
I'm a Louisville fan.
The awkward moment when you have a Facebook friend request from your parents and they ask why you haven t accepted them yet.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you you you you you you you you you and...
you
As somebody who'll benefit greatly from 's ability to teleport, I offer this wholehearted endorsement of her proposal.
Enjoying some champagne and cookies I got at Byrd today, happy happy valentines!
there is no way I can run 26.2 on June 4!
ok guys srry i wasnt online much last night its just that ive been going to mexico everyday lately im going again today lik in an hour
You'll probably never find them and die alone, but they're out there
You know, it would have made sense to have all our forms use the same basic design and code, but no...
thanks for all your hard work guys watching crap so others don't have to.
If in the same breath you're telling those people not to even bother trying to go there.
U.S.
101 open to travel both directions on the AstoriaMegler Bridge after earlymorning fatal traffic crash
reviewing my LinkedIn contacts.
I really need to remove people I haven't spoken to in years.
now that my keys have been found and order has been restored, shoutout to a fun ass shitshow cinco
Thanks Charlie Sheen.
You make us all look like Mormons by comparison.
M.
Today is canned food day  I'll be tipping u off to the best Fair food spots.
Anybody want to share their fave?
it was AMAZING.
I highly highly recommend them.
Val my dear friend would you mind if I borrowed you ain't bout that life ?
I don't know about you, but I want James to come home :
Well hello : I'm well..
how are you?
Today is actually a good day; I have no homework, my math teacher isn't here and I have dance class later today awesomeness : mwah lol
GLBTQ books by author of color.
Shoot Em Up is a pretty cool GunFu movie.
uhmmm can you email me yr exam prep?
That would be much appreciated and i would probably pass that class...
hello loveysssssss :D
RT  New Orleans Saints at Jacksonville Jaguars kicking off at 1:00 PM ET
The dark side.
I've been working there for four months.
Amazingly insightful experience.
Great interview with Ron!
enjoying the evening.
full of good food cooked on the grill and watching fellowship of the ring with the family.
thanks for the follow
Good Morning and TY for the RT!!
Today I live by choice!
Gratitude  Serenity!
RecoveryWarriorsRock!
I guess it hard for some people not to be the spitting image of thier broken daddys
I seriously havent laughed alot  and really hard in a long time until today .
What a rebound!
UL and UK could sell out the Superdome by themselves.
It's going to be crazy in New Orleans.
Think Mardi Gras part 2 and 3
my mom bought me some italian salvatore ferragamo shoes.
:'D
Can't wait to cop the KNICKS IVs
just won a season family pass to at AYP2012 auction.
What is the 1 thing you think a person can do to improve as a coach?
No judgments, I'm an anthropologist too.
You do what you gotta do to get the sausage made, so to speak :
Break dancing at living social
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Bridgestone continues to refine and expand Run Flat tyres range  Etyres
LOL after all these yrs.
I'm still here.
Just cuz I haven't RT as much doesn't mean I left.
Still reading all ur updates :
I'm being offered Peyton Hillis  Julio Jones for Steven Jackson  Anquan Boldin.
Should I do it?
...
Rollin' with the hommies BDazzle In the Escalade!
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary.
To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
St.
Thomas Aquinas
Patients we all must practice it.
when my boyfriend wakes up early to get me Starbucks  
great!
Keep us posted!
: excited to have an event in Denver this Friday night...
trauma denver military 
DJ Willie I am following you hit me up on the follow.
www.allsportsshopping.com.
Have a great trip!
Thanks for using MKE.
i am going to run the Carlsbad 1/2 marathon on jan 22
Teaching a VTSP Boot Camp for the next couple of days with THE Chris Romano.
Yuck.
I was sick flying to SAN a couple weeks back.
Took my ears about 16 hours to pop.
Yea I got a girl but yo mom can cook for me any day
Guess what dude : !
Congrats for finishing today's Marine Corp Marathon.
It was great seeing you in DC.
yea yea yea
Very cool idea.
In Boise, this would have to be run by CCDC, since they are the only agency with access to TIF funds.
Thanks for the s/o...
keep doing what you do!
Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass.
Wish you could be here too.
Stay tuned for updates with
KENTUCKY WILDCATS LOVE YOU!!
Can I get a RT
cant wait until gifs from the performance are in tumblr!
:D
I Love when i goto twitter and i have a couple new followers :D makes me feel SPECIAL c:
I miss u!
I've been cyberbullied.
People kept reporting me on facebook and getting me shut down.
Heck, I was bullied in kindergarten
My thoughts exactly!
Smh
What's the difference between good and evil?
We want to hear your voices.
happy birthday : hope you have a great day!
Dear girl next to me..can you back off my shit?
Grab some bench.
The magical/unbelievable moment when tweets.
A low moisture content and a surface that is not porous makes porcelain less prone to water absorption than other tiles.
Finally headed home..
The recordlabel thing is getting closer!
Gonna be something Artists never heard of before!
What can the SSSi Dealer Network do for you?
Call us at 866.364.0030!
Hahaha calligraphy was way harder than I thought!
According to , live on the scene, there's a Georgetown Cupcakes being built in Boston.
Three simple steps to financial success  Globe and Mail
Of course we've noticed.
And the feeling is mutual.
: Yankees Win, OH YEAH!
: its the mariners, whaddya expect??
best twitter account going right now
: Lundqvist vs Brodeur  who's going to blink first?
Neither..they don't have eyes
Does my link for legislation work?
Enter to win the Great Milwaukee Family Getaway from !
Worth more than 1,300...
wearing fishnets with shorts?
Yes, I'm a girl.
Yes, I watch football and yes, I yell  scream at the TV as if the coaches  players can hear me.
Let's go Jets!!!
At the Apple Store; love it!!!
not yet!
But I'm going to!
the fitness center is open to guests staying at the hotel, we also offer discounts at Turner Athletic Club and CNN Center.
What do cows do for entertainment?
They rent moovies !
Great times with my family.
ilovethem 3
9 MC is 14.
Some vocab will be a stretch for 3rd, but the humor will pull them through.
Got a program that will help improve the health of Lake Michigan?
You've got less than a wk 2 write it up  send it in...ow.ly/a3Nuq
At Community Dialogue on antiviolence The community is
We like to eat too!
The fact that I can actually go out there n get a decent job with.
Y degree n actually make enough money to support myself but I choose to
if you need/want a Toledo guide or primer, let me know!
I'm free tonight and tomorrow.
In the observatory with and Emily cross that off my bucket list !
I want to have sex in mid air like doctorgon flies!
It seems so fun!
Dear bands: I'm not gonna read your automated booking emails.
If you can't be bothered to write it out, I'm not bothering either.
Joe, I'll be around the expo area for a lot of the day.
Give me a shout via DM or something when you're around
Beyond stressed
Scared out of my mind...
Is it me or does every day seem like incredible news ..
that just gets worse and worse.
did you not see itafalsdkjfa
Very moving  inspiring talk about anthonyshadid today by David Hoffman
His blue/green eyes get me everytime3
hey lys, haha It depends!
Shoot.
meat wagon has got to be the most unappealing tag line ever
headed to Rorschach's Northern Annex
Dirty shoes a budweiser tall boy a bag of crickets sweaty balls and a rad new single by th doctoram in my head.
Summer I luuvv youu
Can I Get A 3some?
Fine .
NW FOLLOW HIM !
Lol happy ?
nobody wants to be the face of golf.
Exactly.
They're only about 15 years late on this move.
When people play with my hair I'm like  .o
love you bro bro!:
Lunch with my boo, got picked up by my boo
NEW EVENTS: Friday July 31st: Rafael Picon Art Gallery Opening, Saturday August 1st: Hazakim
Bout to sleep too good..
Lol again
there's a boy I know, he's the one I doctoram of, looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife.
Amazing peeps.
Thanks for all those following, and the support!
homemade nut mylks are the best
Manning: Tebow?
That kid ain't got shit Well, he didn't really say that, but we all know Elway wishes he could.
OMG I JUST DIED INSIDE.
One of our former students just brought her baby in for a visit  overloaded us with cuteness!
Now we just need some puppies.
You're a bunch of doctornk, pathetic 'cool kids' and I'm growing up
And when I say that I mean rep my swag lol.
I don't know how people do it.
I would pass out if I was sentenced to 1 minute of jail time
Super lame for going to sleep so early  SXSW but exhausted due to 3:30am wakeup this morning...
Be strong, Be smart, Be willing, Be positive, Be grateful, and most of all Be happy!
Live your doctorams, follow us, tweet us to find out more!
FF My guides to the Puyallup fair  :
If you don't understand the term allowance and how it can be used to mislead you, the chances of paying too much for remodeling go way up
Looking forward to it!
If we don't feel love with our heart, then how come that's where it hurts when someone doesn't love you back?
The King of Comedy with Deniro....
what a great gem...
HA!
I new you would makes a twitter;
We Bought A Zoo  Star Scarlett Johansson s Sexiest Looks Scarlett Johansson never ceases to amaze!
The actress  la
Alright!
Hey now!
Mizzou take a bow!
Step back..
ShowMe where it's at!
MIZZOU!
Toast, coffee, and My favorite way to start the day.
shout to  is too funny
If I had a star for every scar you tattooed on my heart I could fill up the Oklahoma sky.
who honestly likes my username?
like haha I dunno
i followed want me to DM you my number?
lol
RT if you love Austin and Alex's bromance.3
Dude, just because a girl is pissed off, doesn't mean she's on her period.
you might just be a complete asshole.
Ohio University was one of the very few good things about this tournament.
Now it's so boring
My boys broke through in the bottom of the 8th.
Tweeting from ATT Park.
thanks for saying you will always be at my service
I'm still taking the Lakers...
If you could get a scannable coupon on your phone what kinds of offers would you want to see?
The Blessing: the convent of God to remove the curse, the power of God to be successful.
I'm the one who makes you laugh when you know you're about to cry
RT : On May 29th the first event will take place at The Stage, if you are interested in participating go to...
Earthquake!
Aftershock, whatever.
Watch , at 4:20 on 4/20, somebody gona tweet that .
SitYoAssDown You know you don't even smoke !
Thanks for the props!
I GUESS CHILD YHU GOT ANGEL NUMBER CAUSE I WANTED TO GO TO HER HOUSE DIS WEEKEND BUT NE WAYS ALL THREE OF US NEED TO LINK UP
spending the afternoon at the Oakland School of the Arts
Just finished the Godfather novel.
Now to watch the film in a completely new light
Whats Good Tweet World....IM BACK!!
Welcome to the lamestream media, Woof.
haha I already downloaded it too!
Going for a run!!
I'd agree.
If there were million dollar plans, everyone would just follow them.
People are the way.
Cheers.
i got faith in the rest of the cuse squad, their gonna be motivated,
but instead i choose to keep it all to myself by doctorwing and playing music.
Debating pros  cons: cute kitty goodness vs.
potential damage to highend printing equipment during shedding season...
thanks for all the FF love!
what was the most awesome stocking stuffer you found?
yeah yeah...
I'll still be taller than all of y'all.
!!!!!
RT Pain shouldn't stop your praise...that is very true
Just left the dentist.....I can't feel my face!!!:
some woman always need make up
Happy Friday people!!!!
Going to be spending with my fav daughter in the rain....
Yea, that doesn't surprise me anymore lol.
Happens all the time!
:
How, oh how, did I miss World Zombie Day??
Because I have no brains..get it?
Ugh.
Super late start to
FYI: When grantees list books or articles on our website, we ask them to reference the Worldcat website entry for their work.
Giving people the 'Maddie Nichols' face when they insult you.
no problem :
try it out  tell me if you like it?
i agree.
i'm addicted to both of those shows
I wanna puke!
Boney Baby Jones
DidChuKno that when you fan yourself with a book/folder/ect.
, it auctually produces heat
can't decide if it's going to be socks or fingerless mitts.
Socks would feel luxurious but perhaps wear out too soon.
Haunted house bitches :P
ah, still very impressive.
Well done!
We up n Ready!!
Smash on the gas and don't let up!!!
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I ended up where I needed to be  Douglas Adams
I want a sitar now.
First of year birds spotted today, buffleheads, great blue heron, great egret.
Also saw a redshouldered hawk last week.
Oh crap, would you know I work that day?
Maybe I can get someone to switch with me.
Natural Health Remedies for Scars: This is a guest post by Brentt Taylor in which he speaks about the natural remedies that help to g...
Its a beautiful winter day today!!!!
Feels like summer...xx
need moire followers BEAUTIFUL people of this world :D
I just followed them xoxo
Another reason not to vote Republican: George W.
Bush: 'I'm for Mitt Romney'
: Sometimes Thursday football feels like Sunday football that was taken out of the oven too early..
There is only one happiness in lifeto love and be loved 3
Bread and butter, devoid of charm in the doctorwingroom, is ambrosia eating under a tree.
Elizabeth Russell
CRM30 will be moderated by reporter  looking forward to a good chat at
Fairey is the most 'revolutionary' street artist ever.
NOT.
Money, money, money  Deitch.
but be who u want to be!!!
Be cool!
Be funny!
Be happy!
But just always., Be yourself !!
Yup...although at points made it sound like gender is just body parts.
I'm tired so let me be broken
The fact that in my coach's end of the year email he offered his place to crash at after a hard night in Boston...
gonna miss my team!
3
I am just practicing for my golden years.
:
I'm sure Thomas Jefferson is ok with same sex marriage.
I live 1 mile from Monticello and I know.
haha when I was a kid I saw Jezebel in the Bible and demanded that my mom explain why such a lovely name wasn't used.
Dear Royce, posing in a black lace bra  jeans is not a good look.
If I knew you in real life I assure you that I would be just as honest.
scms12 new humanities post docs should not be cheap adjuncts
Beautiful morning!
Stoked to see Thrice before they go on hiatus in June at the !
When I'm right, I'm right and when I'm wrong I could've been right so I'm still right cause I could've been wrong
LOVE!!!!
I want to do something beautiful like that 3
yeah well i just found out it will take a minute.haha
they are old mountains.
As opposed to those young, upstart Rockies.
sometimes i wish i was canadian
hahaha me too.
I'm Conceited and I don't care who knows it...
I need a nice boy.
Or just a really hot one...
Where has been????
Thanks.
I'll be stopping by for one in the morning.
Apparently the Twitter gods have made it forbidden to follow
Finally saw Fire in Babylon doc on West Indies cricket with lovely, talented  tasteful Very cool movieyou should see it!
Hope all have had a good day.
Still looking for some assistance in getting off the ground.
Any VC's or Investor questions welcomed.
If you won't say it on the streets then don't say it in your tweets..
red red wine you make me feel so fine...
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
Fear If anything the anxiety of it will push you through it!
wishing you the best of luck!
The world needs more music right now.
Jim Bishop The future is an opaque mirror.
Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
C'mon Skins, today's the day you remain in first place
thank you so much abby!!
That sucks.
And I know there are ways, I just don't have access to them.
Perkins dirty for that lol...
Happy Easter!
How is the media event looking?
I like your professorpic
Ooh wee y'all is going to be there tonight.
Best believe ima tap DAT azz...
Lmao jkjk...
But really...
Maybe.
Beers on me next time you're at Piper's, boo.
It's not editorializing.
We're not the ones raising the issue.
Members of the community have multiple times.
Working up some artist confessionals for our favorite ppl at VP
love you all!
If your heart and mind are leading you in certain direction, keep going and don't give up.
!!
Well, that's just scientific hooliganism.
Calling all FASHION  BEAUTY BLOGGERS!
We have an opportunty to join the editorial team for a celebrity stylist.
Contact us for more info.
If you guys find anything, that would be cool.
wants to play and it would be nifty if you guys got in on it :
awww lucky!!!
i have til next thursday for summer :P
aaha yeah  night
If my doctorams would come true ...
Comeon man, coffee.
You forgot about the donut!
is taking  for a walk so I can rest.
On their way out Eli gave me a high5, a fist bump  shouted 'Yeehaw!'
Punjab Indian Restaurant  French Wine Special, ONLY 3 a Glass!
thanks 4 the followback!
if you need sharpening or some new hotness, call text or tweet!
new store will b up soon!
yay!Pete
I love how  i always talk about and every damn day julie  i talk about the most weirdest things
Crying my eyes out.
Puck, omg.
straight up!
RT : mesagetomyex the sex was A L R I G H T, I had better sex with myself : thats cold!!
But funny none the less
I'll tell you how the sun rose,/A ribbon at a time.
It was for today's show, which is now over.
I'd love to exchange contact details for future interviews if you like
you're a die hard fan....u don't count lol
The wheather man told me it was going to rain today, so I walk outside in a Bill Cosby sweater and a scarf...it's HOT!
Hi Lauren, thanks for following us.
Your husband is a big star.
:
nevermind I got it to work.
thank you :
Run generators outside, away from doors, windows and vents!
Generator exhaust is toxic and contains deadly carbon monoxide!
seriously woman put a pic!!!
:p no one follows eggs :p i was told this from the beginning
Okay, Brewers, let's score some run for the Greinkmeister!
this package that this spa had to go and spend a few hours for message, manicure, pedicure and shit
Well It certainly can't hurt....
Much ..:
thank you ma big bro.
Good looking out.
I'll report back next week.
How bout that pic mi hermano put on FB last nite
TK Do you know that your soo sexy??
Lol ...
I say this all the time I Love Your Eyes
Last week of school :D
2 days ago we had 495 followers and 2day we are at 535!!!
Yay!!!
keep the love coming  book a gdine experience today!!!
...i have never met them..
but they have influenced me in every way growing up, i hope to be just as sucessful and amzing as them one day 3
Tahoe in June here I come!
Boating, rock diving, kayaking, mountain biking.
Wet woodys special rum smoothies.
Time is always working against me whether I know it or not
we are not however we are on soundcloud!
I just saw a girl step out of a car and execute a fullbody pavement faceplant, knocking her unconscious.
Happy Cinco de Mayo?
I don't promote violence but a woman must stay in her place don't step in his face from a mother of 2 young men
Mobile marketing: targeting by exact location is not as easy as ppl think  not as effective.
Zip codes smarter.
via
what position did you play when you played soccer?
I play goalie!
:D
Who's a big book reviewing expert in my network?
Ping me  got a hot book for you.
Tx.
Thanks, Tripp!
MT At local PR conferenceshowed how United Way's Gary Dollar knows messagingalways talking how UW helps people
I know dallas has played better as of late but i'm ready for this season to end already
One tweet about looking at real estate and five brokers follow you.
So u guys free 4 next Sat???
let me know as soon as possible!!.
So sadly true.
Was keeping a close eye on the iPhone battery, hoping to be marginally distracted by podcasts for the duration.
Tigers outfielder Delmon Young was arrested in NY last night for a hate crime.
It had something to do with antisemetic remarks and alcohol.
Accidentally grabbed the powdered garlic instead of the powdered ginger  and my oatmeal tastes...
well, not bad, actually.
Weird.
Cfa gift cards make great stocking stuffers.
Stop by and pick yours up today, you only have 3 days until Christmas!!
my account keeps dming people saying someone is saying bad romurs about you'' i changed my password and deleted them but they cam
Bahahaha.
She gave you The Nod!!
She's The Man :D
I wish people would just say bad music is bad without bashing people who go to college or like playing straight8ths tunes.
I know your going to best singer best role model out thier
Instead of thinking of it as stalking think of it as
new york i wanna see what you'll do there
I thought someone was getting beat outside my patio this morning, just the coach of the woman's rowing team waking me up.
Good morning!
Time for more water.
Go get it.
Obama is selling USA sovereignty to highest bidder, Wake the hell up people!
what a sweet post:  he is gorgeous!
11 mins left in the Second and still no score.
Two Bulls goals have been disallowed.
I LOVE U GUYS SO MUCH MORE THAN ANYONE OR ANYTHING WITH ALL MY HEART.
3
Ugh, I want it to be warped already.
where were you yesterday?
Sandeep Kishore TEDMED: committed to equity preventing and treating NONcommunicable disease NCDs.
social justice issue  curriculum chge
Seriously.
Especially for a sixpack of beer, which comes with a convenient handle.
Hello?
I believe you are right on with your football playoff predictions!!!
idfk .
but the past few days ive been having headaches and short term memorie loss
Does anyone know any Farmers or Allstate agents in the Denver metro area?
Any insurance reps out there??
I have provided the fully functional source code, which is selfexplanatory.
Go to class and get detention or don't go to class and don't learn the shit on finals.
Thank you for the inclusion, I appreciate it.
At the corner of Kenyon  Mt.
Pleasant w/  projecting on to the burnt building
Oh how I wish that was me
thats great, that always starts the day off right
Well then yes lol
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs by Jon Scieszka: Persuasive Wolf Sways Public Opinion?
...readerpuss wrecks..ok, too silly, time for bed
Sometimes people build walls not to block others out of their life but to see who cares enough to break through the wall.
Just discovered 3.90 tickets on Garden Gnome Night?
Yes, please.
Most communications plans are just lists of tactics starting with the phrase We need a How about yours?
way back in 94 after serving in the Navy, but could not get a job...
:  currently I work for LIHEAP but looking for more
LOL!
RT: : Pres., in unscripted remark, joked he's no good at doing odd jobs around the house.
Fortunately, I'm in a ren ...
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
I do want it!
But Bayleigh doesn't get along with other dogs very well :
Five days into December, Chicago is still super comfy.
Maybe this hoodie weather will last into January.
Go global warming.
commited suicide due to the side effexts steroids has on your brain.
weed  no deaths.
if u think steroids
RT : If u had a summer w/ Dwight Howard what would u do?
PPL think numbers mean something on tweefer and it dont mean shit.
ALL WE CARE ABOUT IS GETTING OUR POST READ ON MEDIA OUTLETS.
: I wish I could trade my heart for another liver...
so I could doctornk more, and care less.I think we are soulmates?
got it from Etsy.
Ask her for more details
The fellas at The Grove have got jokes!
Made some new friends with !
Apparently I am unable to resist an Iron Man arc light that attaches to your shirt.
This year's Halloween costume: done.
if you're lucky enough to be different from everybody else,don't change to be the same  Taylor Swift
HALF OFF Admission when you bring a new, unwrapped toy for Toys for Tots!
It is not to late to order client or employee holiday gifts...
spread the word...
It Feels TooEarly for a goodmorning tweet.
A good ole 37 degrees.
..Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller via Ken Pope
CHIP KELLY
lean legs pyramid!
Good morning Xeni.
Hope you are doing well.
I know it's difficult to feel well sometimes but, I wish you all the best.
Take care.
Business page that works as a window display, that they can change.
The Mall allows the customers to have an avenue to specific products.
Definitely wishing I was partying my ass of right now with all my friends....
Can't wait for all this to be over
Great!
We have time to go on It's A Small World 20 times, get sick, then lose our lunch on Thunder Mountain.
Ah the magic of Disney!
Looking for advertising and marketing resolutions?
Might we suggest a refresher on outofhome media?
www.emcoutdoor.com
82 Championship Cowboys vs 49ers.
Ronnie Lott called for bogus pass interference setting up Cowboys go ahead TD.
Crowd chants BS!
Haha
Why is sal's pizza closed before midnight on a weekend?
: you forgot something  we laughed until we cried
safe travels and best of luck.
if u get hungry in miami, stop at jimmys dinner on 125th.
its like 5 minutes off i95.
Proud to have a few real friends than a bunch of fake ones like most of you bitches!
Come and try our Delicious Timber Joey milkshake or smoothie...where at the Hawthorne BV.
Nice job and on presenting at the emac capstone presentations!
nationalhonestyday ask me anything and I mean anything :
I just left, I was at beer garden then cvp
It was another volatile day in mortgageland.
But this time volatility worked out in our favor.
We erased yesterday's loan pricing losses!
20092011: 88 of national income growth was corporate professorts.
1 in wages.
Coaches come join for free today find the player you are looking for no cost
Chocochip waffles in bed
Apparently the bank across the street got robbed.
is it time to start planning THATcampVA2011, yet?
How about now?
maybe next time?
Lane, you PIMP!
ABC To Go Dancing With the ALLStars???
Twitter is like the best therapist!
My fave reference question ever at Beatley was Where can I find a green shirt?
MURFC suffered another close lose, this time at the hands of UWLacrosse.
Two more games left in the Fall 2011 Season.
You Can Make Money Online Companies Are Giving Away Free Cash For Some Of Your Time.
No no no.
I wasn't insulting you...
I was describing you.
it is a deep bright red if you bleach your hair enough and keep the color as long as you can.
even u can keep it overnight.
Causally just saw a guy walking by the fountain with a piñata
:O i love it!
But than again i like anything she releases!
Identity crisis resolved.
New York!!!!
that moment when ur watching tv and when you hear masterpiece it sounds like masturbate ....
xD
whats the song called??
That moment u get a pair of new boots n u just feel the knew leather :
Not worried, I promise!
we will be talking about jails/prisons soon and why this is necessary
YoMomma is just like Twitter.......Open To The Public
Up at 5:00am for train to Tarrytown for mic09.
Thought I'd sleepwalk through my 9:45 talk but is keynoting and I'm WIDE AWAKE
Wish I could make it!
RT Broadway Fit is FREE Friday, 9/23!
11:45am.
Work out to a Broadway Beat!
thanks for the follow  loving the combo of what you are: socent  chef  linguist  tech.
Very cool
Going to pickup my new iPhone 4S today.
4 years since my iPhone 3G.
Time 2 step up ...and this one talks back!
Wait.
Is that a good thing?

Saying stuff like 'If he doesnt know or not I need to call the shots' And more stuff...
It had me having tears in my eyes.
I didnt
having dinner at Joe's Crab Shack with the attendees who wanted some extra marketing coaching
These muffins are the best things I've ever ate..
Oh my..
Need a human lung model for your office, practice, or classroom?
Get ours today for 20 off with code Twitter3100: http://:dld.bz/peq7
New Orleans Jazz Fest: 'Ain't no funk like Louisiana funk!'  USA TODAY
I was just warming up
what's going on with them?
hurting?
get it!
March madness....I still don't understand why the office basically shuts down to watch Memphis vs Cal St Northridge....
I think its funny when I hear peoples bones pop xD
I guess N.C.I.S.
is the Baby Boomers Matlock.
lol Marshall I was going to call him a dumb racist, but don't worry he'll get his one day haha
Shakes the Clown In My Pants
Sex Goddess!!!
Not sure what was more impressive in slow motion: Oosthuizen's double eagle or the badly missed highfive between him and his caddie
Randy should go home before the rose ceremony.
I'm already over him.
it was me.
Lol jk.
I'm 900 miles away.
Nearly impossible
so do i lmao
I'm so good with the camera, we won't need the airbrush.
When you choose to love as God loves, it will never be safe....but it will set you free  Janet Larson
don't you have a boyfriend
Hopefully I do well in the dodgeball tournament especially after the incident last time
DEMI U ROCK
Playoffs start tonight.
Go Blackhawks!
I tried to watch Justified last night but the man I was haunting turned it off halfway through the program.
Don't tell me what happened.
My boss took my phone and didn't give it back...
Very tilted at Ramos's botch.
Thought there was no way in hell they could get him, until Harper fired an absolute missile.
I can NOT believe it's March already!
My mind is still in January.
Painted my nails white .
O' Natural Caramels with toasted pecans!
new recipes every day!
caramel dates healthy snack desserts date recipes with pecans
Miami Florida schedule your tree braids appointment now and Charlotte North Carolina www.hairgynesis.com
very cool have a wonderful holiday
You don't need makeup.
Your naturally gorgeous 3
How a Solid Inbound Marketing Vision Can Help Your Website Redesign in 2010
I love going shopping for shoes
Time to go turn on  do my workout!
:
Haha if there was weightclasses in swimming, I would have gone to the olympics  
but that's all the way in Canada
love it
I pulled back from twitter, music,  a few other things...I had to get rid of some worthless people  now I'm back like I never left.
San Miguel Fire District votes 43 to contract out fire services to Cal Fire
The line was working, UNTIL we said that we were on a lot if doctorgs and a lesbian date?
Is this your signature meal?
hopefully da madness is coming over to your old friends :
Note to self: Don't accidentally run mate 
RT : rt and follow us for all your tshirt, and advertising printing needs!!!
RT : Good morning  please take me to disney.
Thank you!
French and Science :D dont worry bro my science teacher loves me
I think I'm almost done preparing my presentation.
I think...
I think...almost there...little more...
There is an open bibliographic data movement.
2 types of data: library catalog, scholarly paper.
doctornk and it's only 4:48
MySuperPower would be to never have to buy gas AGAIN!!!
God is especially faithful to those who are faithful to Him!And we can always count on Him,though others may fail us.He never will!3
Ready to revamp
Party !
It is another nice way for us to be friendly.
:
Live Free or Die Hard on FX
the big help award honoree 3
I've stopped looking both ways before crossing b/c I don't really care if I successfully make it across anymore.
got this new song off elevatormusic that I know Quitta Liggins gone love
Daddy, am I going to go to 'Rock  Roll High School?' My daughter just heard The Ramones on the radio, and she digs 'em.
White russians all night
FranciscoRevilla: my students have used Kinect and had to create their own gestures.
What makes a specific gesture a gesture?
My foot.
Happy: CincodeMayo, KentuckyDerby Day, Talladega Race Weekend!
Going to be interesting.
are you coming to in atlanta?
I'll be there
aww i'm glad you're having fun 3 3
They had the best team this year, to bad Melo screwed it up!
Follow me on what ever social network yall use now......
God if you could get me through tonight without cursing out a couple of these patrons 
happy birthday to the awesome queen of awesomeness :
Ahh only 2 more days til I'm basking in the sun on vacation!
Can't wait to see all my FL friends  celebrate the marriage of 2 of them
Heading to the start line of the marathon!
Cry if you want to, but i cant stay to watch you.
Thats the wrong thing to do.
Talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you.
True!
It's easy to get an idea and then be making a crazy deadline.
I'll query this in 3 months!
Behind my house, in front of my house...
What is going on???
you were awesome today at !
Loved hearing your story
Thanks Kim!
ChickFilA is awesome.
Period.
Irrefutable proof of a simple tasty delight done right.
M.
Thanks San Diego ChickFilA!!
: I'm lost, does Blue Tooth mean handsfree doctorving or I look like a complete douche bag while doctorving ?
Your not alone....
RT: Ugh..
4 hour test tomorrow..
We've been quite quiet recently, but we're cooking up some new things!
Thanks for staying with us and supporting us!
you gonna give any updates for game 2?
That would be awesome : BRO!!!
RT I would like to see Kobe doctorp dead tonight
ModernTouch dance parties
A kind critique is also about what is NOT said.
If a listener doesn't say the SONG was HOT, stop pushing him/her for more
chips  queso  cranberries or sweet potatoes.
Freshly picked mangoes are the best!
hopefully there's no need to clean.
thursday night TV finally!!!!
Who should view?Anyone wanting to learn how a the practical aspects of growing a successful business in an easytounderstand format
But that's a cat  octopus.
Of course it breaks the rules.
Smart timeout.
On lunch...
Eatting m.k.d
: RT : How does know how to make my coffee exactly right?
Movie later?
haha, why is that?
so you don't make all of the stupid mistakes that I have?
that might actually be a good idea.
: wish I could be there, kill it tonight Will do
All this rain!!
What is your favorite warm doctornk on a cold day?
Oh man, do I understand that!
so proud!
I mean literary conferences, not sff conventions.
But got it.
What kind of material is it, if I may ask?
9mil a year is A LOT for an unknown product.
I want to see if he can sustain this.
Once P get a scouting report
All my Mexican friends have hot sexy sisters.
Lol!
I had a pitcher of Sam Adams last night.
That was a smart decision.
Reduced SHORT USDCHF for 15 pips professort; 6 of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80 SHORT
Just got back from the lakes, Indiana's wonderful Tippy.
The lake is beautiful, but now back to building awesome websites for my customers!
Money cant buy happiness..
but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a BMW than on a bicycle.
there are some oddities in how the GeoCommons UI uses the Geocoder engine that we're improving.
Dance Until Tomorrow 
Your life is so easy.
you need to call me like asap
NICE!
So what is it that you do for work?
Also add doing requirements' to your bio.
Thanks for developing a great curriculum for UW staff.
I love The Vampire Diaries
okay so lunch at Brasserie 1010 was good, but our service was terrible!
definitely avoiding that waitress next time.
Oh you know, a little pinot made by a familiar winery called Domaine Serene, '07 Evenstad Reserve ;
1500 wow I feel like an idiot.
I have spicy Thai soup.
Same difference, right?
RIP Gary Carter.
Condolences to his family.
A humble start with Google.
We're now listed as no.
17 and 45 for Exchange Migration Services.
Welcome to Siberia, comisterde.
2night the place 2 be is No Cover.
Great doctornk special.
Dj Mystik video mixing.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
Dnt miss out!!!
Just saw a Fiat on the highway and JLo wasn't behind the wheel.
disappointed.
Also didn't realize they were real
hahahaha how was your smoothie?
;
Hmm.
Definitely has certain connotations.
Thinking of the use of the basement space in That 70s Show  Wayne's World...
thanks!
RT: Good luck!
Today, 2pm, tour in Spanish Increasing awareness in Hispanic community.LIVESTRONG at the YMCA  free 12wk class for survivors
Square box head ass jit
Short ribs and beer
excited for the shortest and smallest st.patty's day parade this friday we will be there....
doctorssed in green!!!
:
Can't wait for ThePitch!
Premiers tomorrow on AMC!
Do you want to win?
Watch it or miss out!
I must be doing something right.
yes any form of ID will work.
Birth Certificate, doctorvers license, school ID, state issued ID card, ect
We have added two more dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp servers in New York
Tomorrow is going to be a good day
Thanks.
My own design.
Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
: I need a new Dj!!
let Meek know he should work with
I'm not laughin :p
Then back away from the dinner table mofo, lol!
What's good Fam, Happy New Year!
Free throws are free!!!!!!!
shady 45 has me cracking up w white people wed lol
What'd you all think of Pink Champagne??
YeahChampagne Quote of the day.
You ladies certainly are chatty tonight.
My phone was dinging every 2 secs!
xoxo
ICSC will be offering 13 Special Industry Groups at RECon12.
Whatever your interest,
I'm excited!
6am, be there ;D
Heat forward LeBron James scored 32 points with 15 rebounds.
Guard Dwyane Wade scored 29 points against the Pacers in Game 1.
Trying to gain an understanding of why some small businesses and professorssional organizations don't patronize other small businesses...
i miss so much
Yes.
This young artist is making unforgettable images.
The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.
Unknown
thanks!
Maybe next time we'll meet!
Let me guess..
Your gonna go to OG
didn't take them long to knock the new paint off the walls
IF this is greatest financial crisis since the GreatDepression, THEN this must be Depression in and of itself.
Economic Recovery is a sham
There will be Mobile Learning Experience 2013in spring in Phoenix.
We're working on the dates and hope you can join us!
Another carjacking at Wheaton Mall.
Had anyone seen ?
I warned him.
He said they have great deals though.
that's ty's team?
nobody is real about love these's days, but anyway i rather not wait up allnight sleepy
i love you too!
Awesome.
There are so many good places to eat and take pictures.
I bet all those gift from your bf baby shower are from babybehip Philly personalized babygifts!!
You look like you need a couple of road sodas  to be in the effin' mix!
The fact that they're on a horribly contrived TV show?
I need someone to talk to.
awww see you ain't right!
okay i will help out in the kitchen but he's mine in the bedoctorom.
you too young!
payback lls
Cont: support network  3 effective use of advanced psychological skills.
yeah..but i'm a good kid: so it's all good XD
took me a min to figure it out too..
Lol
Oakland gets on the board!!!
10 Billy Balent gives the Grizzlies' their first goal of the game, still trail Delaware 41.
Happy birthday to you BOTH!
Two of my fave.
Cap.
Hill spots!
thanks for the shoutout!!
Glad you love the app!!
Sienna.
Thank you for being a friend!
Have a LOVELY DAY!
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
Crypts album complete.
Reminder: I am not responsible for your stereo equipment.
It's going to be a greatNewYear!
I see big thing in our future!
We're making big moves!
I'm doing research for a character I'm playing this Saturday.
Please give me your thoughts about sociopaths.
Oh geez...sadly this is probably true some of the time.
haha
yep run tmc will be there
Honor your commitments.
Also since Chris is unable to help, my friend Brian has also agreed to do lighting.
Thank you Brian!
PA PA PA PA PA  Las verdaderas Jonaticas entienden :D
Just watched the GI Joe movie.
Storywise, I was underwhelmed.
Explosionwise, it was pretty awesome.
Don't even know what to say :/
K I'm taking a nap bye
oh...
Bwahaha!
I should have known.
What are some of the lyrics?
Haven't heard that song in ages.
your gorgeous and you will do great!
hope to see pics soon!
Covering my sunburn in vinegar...
supposedly a natural remedy?
Has anyone ever tried this before?
Lol.
RT : : I thrive on awkward moments...
well you had a lot of those with
You can't sweep other people off their feet, if you can't be swept off your own.
That's aok!
Hope you guys have a good time.
Hopefully we'll see one in the US soon!
and passing notes in class...
I remember when I was in 5th grade
lol good one, wish i was apple shareholder too instead of just a macbook pro holder
loved it!
: The doctorss worn at Pitchfork Festival was by Elina Sheripova, for all curious.
Proud to see real community local leaders supporting real parent power to make schools great.
When you grow a pear you can call me back ;  inspiring words from Kesha.
wnba star Sidney Spencer legendsfantasyleagues come on think you can out shoot a sharpshooter
Wall Street doesn't like the Bail out plan!
WE don't like Wall Street lately!
Thanks to Guy Fieri for the shout out last night.
You mean directing ppl to you FB in tweets or having the two connected and autotweeting everything you post on FB?
They Be Fightin Over The Computer.
hey everyone!!!
Can u please follow ???
She is the sweetest person ever!
And she's also my best friend!
So please follow her!
:
I'm thinking about you laying right next to me, but it sucks cause you're not really by my side.
some of the words of the BIBLE qualify as HATE SPEECH.
Dave...
I'm sorry...
I broke my promise to you..
again..
That is sort of an oaky afterbirth.
What was that?
pshhhhhh....you and your ego
I respect you for that.
That's the point I'm trying to get to.
follow me back ugly
Wait, so Tom McCall wasn't the guy who sang the trucker anthem convoy?
Sunday, April 15th....15.00 off all facials.
Call now for your reservation!
Slowly getting sick.
The weekend has arrived!
Why not stop in for some treats before heading home to relax?
RT : so looking forward for tonight!!
See u on the dance floor
So who wants some leftover McDonald's?
Anyone?
:D
My boyfriend knows how to take such good care of me
He did but you likely saw it on the show!
Apparently having 11 kids makes you tough as nails
A man doctorving a van for misterNix Fix It may have kidnapped a woman the way he is doctorving.
No joke.
he seems like a total psychopath.
I have the cutest grandson!
When did the founding fathers discuss the country economy....Obama says so.
I don't recall them having done so
We should stop thinking of mercy as a solely divine attribute.
As a woman I have conflicted feelings about her as well.
:
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Tweet us the school you're at  the grade  subject you teach to get a free McCafé
email me at
Monkey see monkey do wow
Thanks for all of the work you do!!!
Check and dubwise
enjoy and congrats on the new gig man!!!
excited to see John carter 3d..
Throttled.
ATT continues to suck.
I wish I would have made the switch to when they had unlimited data.
yea I'm stoked for them, asp, tbdm, the used, of mice  men, and i might check out unwritten law :o
Agreed!
Comic Sans is only funny up to a certain point, clearly.
Why can't we stop the war?Over 20 navy seals today and so many more of the warriors have lost their lives and for what?When do we walk away?
I'm torn up inside 
Busy Friday night.
Steve Aoki at the Sports Arena then Snakesuit at Tin Can.
What's on your agenda?
What fresh hell is this?!
In theory the radian6 folks are gonna connect me with someone that can help with the professorle filtering issues
Uhh, it's Thursday!
I was in 10th grade coral gables high JROTC ,we had just got into class and our commander turned on the tv.God Bless the USA
Ready to hear some tips on personalbranding from at meeting tonite!
cool: you should follow me !
our optometric intern Matt will be getting LASIK tomorrow!
it's his first time being a patient instead of on the operating team!
It's crazy that the supersonics was known for their defense and the thunder are known for their offensive abilities.
Damn Typos Smh
I watched the losses 2 RealMad  Chelsea again.
The lack of energy was more important than opponents' tactics.
Digital Humanities and Black Studies panel is awesome.
Hey look!
It's that time of night when and quote Seinfeld for 20mins.
Tomorrow are two BIG baseball games for us!
Need to win them both!
Starting to scare me in Brewers land....
jobby?
If you want external validation on your pro/con list, please let me know.
Excalibur Your Magical Getaway Awaits You: Excalibur Your Magical Getaway Awaits You!
Book this special offer...
Merry Christmas!!
Have an Amazing day everyone!
:
wow, our entire organization?
Maybe time for BJC to get his own twitter account ;
Two glasses of red wine gets me in the zone.
Indeed it is.
: RT : What is the deal with D.C.
being so pretty?
An educated person is wise, and wisdom creates a better chance of justice, this resulting in freedom and democracy preserved and sustained
I will tell him.
Is she having an open house?
ARE YOU COMING TO MY OPEN HOUSE?!
You need to!
Headed to the MGM!
Going to become a parrot head!
Jimmy Buffett time!!!
looking for the closest wig shop
Gotta love being home
Finna lay down .
Milwaukee's Beast Brewers shirts also available at Scheels Sports in Appleton, WI!
go beastmode !
Awesome day of riding the KC Watersports cable!
Hitting the lake tomorrow behind the
great new look on the website.
let's get into some trouble this weekend, preferably with a glass of Pinot in hand.
: Avatar suggestions for tomorrow?
KiddGilchrist, Kyle Casey are the front runners.
Who else?
Gotta be MKG!!!!
The dice don't remember Marcea WolfCarter
I've read this tweet multiple times,yet,I still can't see where a NoHomo should be added..lol..
Watching AHS once again solely for the scene of the ever so handsome Tate, shirtless.
Oh jeeze.
That's the good stuff.
And I love him for that comment lol.
you need to come NEW JERSEY OR NEW YORK RIGHT NOW!
oh  3 more days till, NEVER SAY NEVER DVD COMES OUT.
love you bro,:
Let Chiquita speak bet it keep the peace that Lil B brrrangadang!
HI MY NAME IS JOSE I WANTED TO KNOW IF THE JONAS BROTHERS WERE GOING TO BE AT THE VMA AWARDS
business is great and my clients are loyal and true
Haters these days...
Seriously.
from facebook friend learned that churches like political groups do not have to abide by the do not call list.
Alas.
nehro no other
watching  I'm so excited to see some 2nd chances!
NP: T.I.P still ain't forgave myself!!!
we have a 50th bday party in NJ sorry to miss tree lighting and open house with the philly women.
AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic cert programs can be ladderedprogram can be taken into a small comm of students.
Hoping for a big night
Enough playing on the computer...
Gold's Gym awaits then some football.
Hard Rock for dinner tonight at the
Thanks for joining!
it's so fun lol
Hate being ignored by someone you were just talking to two days ago...
Wish the ahml staff association's ice cream social were TODAY.
I'm craving mint chip in a bad way.
Jmac must be crying in his redbull over the Real loss to Bayern Munich.
I guess it is relative.
I'm just trying to figure out how I keep missing out on the summer vacation  extended holiday break.
Its a slow jam type of morning.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Thomas Edison
You don't know how far you're going to fall until you're pushed.
Random WisePerson.
WEDNESDAY!
ALMOST THERE, KITTENS!!
HAVE A GREAT ONE!
For real Twins..?
Tickets better come cheap when we're trolling the gutter of the league this summer.
a massage, sleep, a massage, sleep.
A million dollars.
Sleep.
Mani/pedi.
Sleep.
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watchingAurora Greenway
I voted over 200 times since I got home from dance and I voted on my way home
RT : MT: looking for a summer intern to assist with social media research.
DM me!
musesocial musetech
not sure what happened but I restarted it a couple times and eventually got it to play.
Thanks.
If I break in two, will you just pretend that two is better than one?
Shut up already!
congrats on the talk, Alexinteresting stuff, and the page representations you've created so far really are beautiful.
Money is the anthem, of success.
Don't block czechov.
I can personally vouch for him

as much as I'd enjoy some people forgetting their picks, I can't stand idly by and not tell you to make yours on
Historians are inherent hoarders.
If elise doesn't go home next week on hellskitchen I'm never watching it again.
I have your merch,posters,pictures,songs,tweet your every day,cry for you, but then you don't even know I exsist :
Avery Bradley already has 13 points halfway through the first quarter..Wow!
2 doctornks  spinning after 8 tonight!
is 155 miles from Daytona.
So tempted.
But I have Disney with my family in 10 days.
I wanna listen to some Bullet For My Valentine now, good god!
lol everyone needs to relax
if that's the case, you can buy a stand and an umbrella through BH online and trigger your flash on the stand?
Loving Christina's eyeliner!
Will your church be doing anything differently since Christmas Day is on a Sunday?
I absolutely love the joy that a bowl of applesauce brings to my 3 year old.
It took almost 115 minutes to decide it, but the Rangers prevail over the Capitals.
Almost a month without doctornking ;;
the kind of prose which you look up from in shock to find it's 2 a.m.
and the book is over.
These token balls are from Choga Mish in Iran.
Tonight's quote for : Everybody's winning.
i approve all those choices...
Hi Katie, thanks for the RT.
Cheers!
lol, thank you
I found a church, headed to Mt.
Olive AME Church at 1108 Carver Street, Myrtle Beach, SC.
Join me later at Broadway at the Beach  12:15
Alive  Blessed  Free  Thanks To God
Creative Coalition backed by Mirkat  Xavier Hill founders of the team
Excited to attend 's Ready to Launch party tonight!
Now, what to wear?...
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, or comments?
BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
Enjoy your evening.
I guess you're my favorite too Antony..
Bitch.
Well the NEWZ sites just found out about 's release...
Broke it Tuesday
Usually just the first book.
Shiver series, not Wolves of Mercy Falls.
is the exception: TMI and TID.
it was an epic battle!
I earned my stripes!
Thanks coach for showing me the way!
thanks for the follow!
I will keep you in mind for future branding brainstorming and creation
First Boulder DA to ever be honored for anything!
Thanks for the mention!
You got this boys!
Lets make this a winning team!
Fading into the darkness of 75 watts here, 75 watts there, another 75 watts in the hall, fading into the bright darkness...
come back already!!!
Just about everything.
Lmao you cold as ice
Apologies for the delay, someone should be getting back to you today or by Monday at the latest.
Thanks!
well, I consider myself bipolar.
GirlsWhoCantKeepAMan Always Got Jesus!!
Looking forward to the senior pep rally on Friday!
Oh....you're not coming?
: so sad.
Wish I could save you a snow cone.
You made me who I am from the words you said!!!!!
Open today 94 and tomorrow 102 for your Valentines cupcakes filled with love and topped with fresh fruit.

What a coincidence: that comment by Camus is alltime favorite quote.
I just tweeted it last Tuesday the 24th!
Imagine you're at a Austin concert and while he is singing he suddenly stops and doesn't stop starring at you with a big smile.
the world is a wacky place.
We frequently try to track this issue down.
Email me the query URL and raw response if you can.
Things you need in your mouth today: 2 Chicks with Chocolate Milk Chocolate Pretzel Bark.
Stop in for some while it's still in stock!
i just got offline...
Wow Evelyn weak how u gone wait until she fighting already.
Then that ugly side kick just want some t.v time.
ugh!
Thanks for the heads up...
saturdayadventures traveling out of the city
Any chance of picking up a third Killer Unicorns book by ?
These books are so awesome!
R.I.P.
Don Cornelius
You can't steal first base, but you can hit a chopper off the plate and 40 feet into the air.
of course I thought of you!
;
Don't try to be hardcore, they'll tear you to shreds, hun.
Doubting my decision to set an alarm on my phone that's just Guy Fieri saying That's just out of bounds flavor, brother.
Results are a little better now 65 to 34, I thought this was a non issue in the UK :/
sorry...that is not doable per our usage requirements.
I have plenty of web  mobile deployments with no database, plenty fast.
It's a total of approx.
640,000.
412,000 is Dem money.
The rest is split among Senate Repubs and Assembly
Stew!
How you been broski?!
Long time no talk!
We are so excited for the weekend, and hoping the weather stays nice!
We hope you all have a great weekend, too!
:
Guy: Did it hurt when you fell out of heaven?
Me: No, but I did scrape my knee when I crawled out of hell.
/via
Golddigging has never been my style
Thanks for following Marina.
You are doing the world a great service in giving out job search knowledge.
Keep up the good work!
Just fell asleep while writing my paper lawl
thanks I guess lol
still looking for money to make movie...
damn film insurance!
Oh yeah it's all in the family.
I wonder who the next generation of Longhorns will love to hate...
Talk is still cheap
so do we know if the OVAs are being rolled into this rerelease?
Sucks for my brother he has class to 10:30 :p but glad his willing to take me home on his break.
Love it!
RT : The next time you have writer's block, go out and DO something worth writing about.
RT :love guy who told a reporter frm atop median hes stuck on Im used 2 doctorving in this duh,right!
snowatl i saw that jagaloon
Damnit Rangers.
At least it's bedtime now.
Haha!!!
Ron Artest gets booed every time he has the ball.
Now he know s better then to mess with OKC.
We go hard!!!!
Making pretty type pictures.
u may need to smoke b4 u go to sleep lol ..
i heard ppl sleep better afterward idk cuz i dnt smoke
Daniel Murphy giveth, Daniel Murphy taketh away.
Great job !
Welcome to Der Weinerschnitzel, may I take your order please?
Yeah I want:
Million Dollar Idea: Bobby V.
smiling face pinatas.
we are already counting down the days !!
RT : Big Night DC was even better than last year.
Next year, you know where I'll be.
Haha  did you read the article?
It is just sarcasm.
EVERYONE needs to buy the new iPad.
so to sum things up.
Me n Jake are having a gay affair.
And cat just said u n her r haven a
Is there a social responsibility to let dudes wandering with shovels shovel your sidewalk for a few bucks?
thx hope everything is ok
Wow, that worked...
maybe she follows me?
Venturing away from Charles Street to try out coworking in Fells Point today at
The doctorid crying TV ad is enough to make me never buy a doctorid
Let's not panic about losing someone...
The Arnold Palmer .
Iced T and lemonade
We have a some exciting shows to tell you about real soon.
2012 is going to be fun!
when you mistake jenni for jimmy
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend RT : Hi Jay.
Thanks for following.
It would make my day if oomf texted me first once in a while
Peace be still
Heading out to see The Watchmen.
Go commerce!
Cheers NYR !
I doctornk to u tonight!
Thanks.
: I definitely will!
are you ok please tweet back if you are .
i hear its bad down there right know
My baby's all grown up and getting a twitter account!
Follow for fun old photos and news on history happenings in Philly.
survivor I almost hope Russell gets to the end again and looses so he'll keep coming back.
SurvivorRusselwin!
162 run for BOS.
RT Sixers start the second half missing their first six shots.
They have made 4 shots in their last 21 attempts
indigestion gives me killer impressive burps, I just have to remember to stop accentuating them while at work.
Not socially correct.
such a challenge when our critters are sick.
I'd rather it was me than them.
Sending get well wishes!

You got it.
I'm looking forward to being there Alan
you're one of those people!
Yea it is!
U got the idea from teamexotica bebe!
Lol
I would probably read more, but sometimes the people watching is just too good to miss on public transit!
And apparently it's bras off for the ladies.
Usually within 15 minutes of getting home.
A recent vote on Talkbiznow.com said that Gordon Brown should step down  do you agree?
hey i celebrating it's one year anniversary.
A raffle every week!
Please RT:
astd2012  last session of the day!
Brain Fitness.
Standing room only.
There are about 40 people sitting on the floor in back.
Exciting
The most perfect way to end my night 3
I think Chicago is currently surpassing Seattle on doctorary, rainy weather.
It's gross here.
Finally got Mass Effect 3!
Apple Spice Denver wishes you peace, joy, happiness, success and great food this year!
ok ma
Just call him The Film Guy.
Why didnt u write story on 77 Brandy Grissom?
U hate that NOrma  would have done better story than that Julian.
U R my FRIEND!
cant fucking stand my brothers.
How someone could be so disrespectful to their own family, who does EVERYTHING for them, is beyond me.
RT  50 off ALL assorted dozens at the 5th Avenue Top Pot Cafe until closing!
So Mario is just doing this without getting donations for a food bank, or some other food program?
Ha!
I was just about to tell you that I'm just waiting up for the idiot to get home.
: np Grand Verbalizer Sisssssssssy!
just started runnin down that whole third verse in my head lol
ur a good man Charlie brown!
: Some news orgs view RT as endorsement, but I don't think people assume endorsement.
I've never had anyone get confused.
ah, ok.
Some folks do that by writing their own doctorvers ;
that's very true my friend.
I'm recordng special w/ Sugarland tonite, hoping 4 glimpse of Casey James.
Thats another cd I'm looking forward 2.
Country/rock/blues ftw!.
Clearly you have debated with Skip.
: Voice of experience.
Thanks for the intro!
Thursday's good for me.
I just got my work schedule today.
where you going?
:o
People were created to be loved.
Things were created to be used.
Ironically, in reality, things are being loved  people are being used.
I WILL!
:D
Waking up at 5:30 isn't so bad!
I'm doing great!
Haha, just kidding, I feel awful.
i miss my buddy RickJames ...man we had some good times..
depression, low self esteem, and poor support system
Allergies clearing up but Caps lose series, dang the cosmic balances!
I've been reduced to only 1 computer today!
Productivity is frustratingly low.
Do U know any 1 in MplsSt.P working on Squarespace Websites?
A friend's Nonprofessort is looking for design help.
Ping me if you can help him!
You've got to start them young!
Where's the show about my students who have little parent help  emotional or financial?
You ok mate?
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike GPS.
why is Missouri trying to prove it has the dumbest lawmakers in nation?
Thank God ScottWalker isn't the governor!
I was expecting to blow up my timeline today on her doctorve to but she must be sleeping the whole way...
poor
I think my neighbors kill people for a living...
:0
watching record
crazy and sketchy
Henry, that letter was heavy!
Thanks for posting it.
Cheers!
Sign of the Day: Thompson Station Meth Church  looks like they're serving up more than Jesus:
I do like doctoramHost.
Any CampusChat regulars lurking tonight?
Have you thought much about special dietary needs and college selection together?
youre so fake.
bring me my ciiigs!
Thanks, btw, there's something wrong with your website, it gives me a Error establishing a database connection
For real tho Mike Brown looks like he should be doing security out in front of roscos
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
ASDFGHNJMKL; BUT ITS HARD AS NICKYBALLZ
If you gave up meat for lent, reward yourself with a nice brat and a liter of beer today.
Monday calls for it.
i completely understand!
I keep hoping we'd get adopted by a more functional Norwalk ;
RT Getting stoked that our SharePoint2010 video on taxonomy Term Store Management coming out soon with
writng n getting ready to lay these trks down
Man it would be a doctoram come true if retweeted me, a native Chicagoan!!!
Love your show Jimmy!
not going to be lazy anymore..
gym time
just came onstage to devil is a lady
happy birthday ;P
we'll be at Monday's game.
Only one I can make.
You?
but in my mind i whisper every single word you say.....
thank you for saving the letter!
Well, tell them to stop insuling Jews  Christians and we'll stop insulting islam.
Sounds fair to me
on Metadata: every part of a publishing house contributes to metadata and each is responsible to every other part.
'Kidnapping' is such a strong word.
I like to think of it as 'Surprise Adoption'.
edu11 Interesting comparison between adoption of online banking and online learning by William Pepicello, President of Univ of Phoenix.
Thank you all for the FF, enjoy your weekend!!!
i lost my voice and cant sing.
wish me well 3
so excited to see the work you've done!
Girls with big plugs...biggest turn on.
definitely!
This country is too politically correct.
It's annoying!
i like music more than i like most people.
You keep rewinding and playing yourself all over again.
I'm sick of the same routineBeyonce Lines owww
naturally!
when did you start doing music???
I want to know more :
I'm at a bar right now and all I can think about are my last four pages of Catching Fire sitting in the car.
TOMORROW AT NOON: Baked appreciation day begins!
Come in shop between noon and sunset for FREE COOKIES!
Omnomnoms.
Please RT!
just wondering what's going down!
You can't hate on D Rose first game back and he scores 29 points.
Just because he missed some dosent mean he's bad.
Our defense wasn't there
Why do write in english if you from Chile?
is attending a meet/greet in the ward and then speaking at Northside DFA tonight.
And more TDL libraries to follow for followalibrary day: Who are we missing?
Awesome.
I'm planning to under the MAA2012 tag.
:
Agreed.
I see email as the notification system that pulls members into community discussions.
: Having one hand in your pants and one on remote.
GuyThing rule: you can't switch which hand does which job.
idk u pick something my homie
In the studio quite a bit.Need to get out.
On my research for voice recognition s/w came across products:MeMeMe,Shout Out,GoVivace,Jeannie,doctorgon  TellMe.
no shit the whole world thinks we r weird cuz u keep posting them!
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
If someone broke your heart, you'll be dead..
You really do lack brian cells.
I said the same last week.
I know there will be bad weeks between now and 11/6, but right now it feels like summer of 2010.
nun just on here and listening to music
B.A.D.
BAD ASS DOOBIES
I was dissecting a frog :D and u
So, Avengers...yeah, agreed.
More, please.
new twitter : now i need followers
2 hour and 27 min delay for the Indians and Angels as the game finally gets started.
Western Governor University Texas  a new pathway in TX to an affordable degree.
calling you tomorrow
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Lets go to the beach beach lets go get away
And that's when we rely on Auntie Betsy to help us contain the flying peas!
Thanks for coming in.
RT : Great event.
Truck Stop by a tasty brew, worth the trip to
Just had a meeting w/the folks over at  Excited for our upcoming/joint career fair April 10th!
Great opp for jobseekers
Thank you!
Yes I did.
I had a good time!!
Judge Baer just admitted Jonathan Band to represent ARL, ALA, and ACRL as amici in the AGvHT case against libraries.
Brief coming soon.
It is time to move past pure utopianism  discuss the nuts  bolts of sustainable digital scholarship.
Indexing, hosting, editing all cost 
haha!!!
Yea exactly!
Only I would never go thru his FB photos.
He's forever blocked!
thanks for following.
Put your seatbelt on
Courage 336 was a high energy dance piece!
Thanks Andoctoru Honeycutt, Loren Bray, and Ben Arden for their work!
Just in time for holiday shopping, FF  it looks like the 1stop place for all the deals in San Diego.
RT : She will never be forgotten as one of the greatest voices to ever grace the earth.
Sounds like we have options, but not great options and they'll have no choice at some point.
Probably postASB.
too bad they can't put the dancing baby from the 90s or some other character on the screen when they talk
Haha.
I thought it was Pooh.
I have to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time.
the corresponding TP song, that is, not Eddie's impersonation, although 'comedian' is fierce.
Gunny goohoo!
What would that Justice look like?
Just called my mom to tell her the bad news about MCA.
I'm going to air the call in a few minutes...
More followers, please!
Who's ready for some irrational yelling in my house?
Followed back bro.
mayne i went to stallions and got so doctornk i went to rap and a bunch of whoopty whoo came out lmfao, ....
wow.
well let me know :
Working on score for horror short.
Director suggested watching doctorg Me To Hell for research.
Best research ever.
hahaha it's friday friday gettin down on fridaay everybodys lookin forward to the weekend
and Obama's dead what a day
Broke as a joke dealbreaker 
jair is coming to my house c:
Can't wait for 2012 ;
Has anyone heard of any great Breast Cancer Awareness events in NOLA this month?
Never ask a question if you're not going to listen to the answer.
Me too!
2 receive offer u must eligibility requir, comp survey, comp 9 Offers as stated Terms  Cond, not cancel in 2 Offers in 30ds
so anxious is better
Mortgage Delinquencies Improve for Fifth Straight Quarter: TransUnion
...umm, I miss your tweets...
where are you?
I wanna start over  take things slow  make u mine again .

Awesome!
Can you disclose the nature of this app?
I am interested in the process from DPS to iTunes.
The HEAT will rise from the flames!!
Rain, rain, go away!
Life is not waiting for an ACE Life is playing the hand dealt InSpotter app
Hey well meaning people: If you add me to an email list without my permission, you are a spammer.
Even if I can optout.
Even if you're nice
I love you, easy as that!
GM TWITTER PPL ugh at skool posted til class startz
smoke i sent u more questions to your DM, can u reply back with ur answers
Our Checks are going to Bounce, and that's a bigger problem than what we're facing right now Go
I never got this far in my doctorams Bubba Watson
Additional morning session!
Jamie McDonald of on social entrepreneurship in rm 431
Where are your favorite boutiques in Minneapolis?
Better networking opportunities after the event than before.
.
has just started watching the Lord of the Rings.
All 11 hours of them.
Having some Irish coffee on the deck.
Beautiful morning!
1D means ONE DIRECTION
We bleed black.
Do you?
That one of your quotes?
Always be smarter than the people who hire you
ItsCuteWhen I give you a certain look and only you know exactly what I mean
My life may be a mess , but I wouldn't trade one thing about it.
Wow.
I got doublementioned.
Thanks!
:
RT : In 2012, by grace, I will:  Unplug more  Connect more  Give more  Laugh more  Run more ...
than previous years.
Sigh.
School.
There's a lot of work to be done.
This bus ride from the West side actually helps.
I can get my reading done.
58th street ...
after Enders Game comes Enders Shadow.
The new kid in my classess HILARIOUS.
I don't feel good wish I missed today and not yesterday
Huge success  we raised 1000 for ARNO!
Thanks again.
Heat losses are staring to feel almost as good as Yankees losses.
Let's go Pacers!
Hey guys if you want a tshirt or demo cd text us at 7622076500 and we can meet up!!!
:
RT : Were creating a collaborative google doc using student poetry.
when you actually love life..
i shall live tweet icarly in an hour.
beware of explosions
Did someone turn up the heat?
Stop by Dave and Andys cool off with your favorite frozen treat!
: Im signing all shirts today!!!!
just ordered my shirts
I need a prom doctorss shopping buddy.
My mom's being bitchy  all my friends got theirs over break.
Awesome.
Thanks guys.
Neighborhood Pick: Tomorrow is the day opens exhibit honoring style icon Daphne Guinness' w coveted couture, jewelry  shoes!
Good nite my followers
I like how is moderating this panel with realPeople at
not yet.
Listening to oldies and 'officially missing you' on repeat to fall asleep ;3
can u reply and follow please :D
I know!!
They need more clothes.
3 you guys so much!
3
you both need more hugs;
Your performance 
hey are you home??
Next Tuesday, we are having a very special Mom Show in B Rip!
15 local comics compete for a spot on TV!
Its FREE if u RT this and RSVP.
8:30
21 days left till is here in Houston
first attempt at dal is in the slow cooker.
we'll see how this goes.
Goin to get jr.
Studio later on.
Man its been too long!
god morning!
just finished full primary series after teachingfeels good, first time in a long while!
shoulda got the lamb ribs.
Divine.
back in seattle, cant wait to go out and look at the sakura, but, OH WAIT, ITS SEATTLE!
ITS RAINING!
Thanks Dalton for sharing!!!
Many Thanks for the SaynPlay sale RT!
yay I hate this class
yes u do miss lady
I have no idea.
I still think the lettuce was poisoned.
even though you came in due to injury, you played amazing.
keep it up!
Ask why did the offense slow the tempo when it was 1st and goal from the 2?
Momentum totally changed at that point.
when are you all going to Powerhouse?
For all the opprobrium that the EU is gathering from PIIGS, it did make it much easier to emigrate to Germany.
Charlie Sheen made those idiots 1.5B in net professorts from his show.
Are they nuts to fire him?
Boycott TimeWarner, Inc.
Fire their CEO
Yes and I guess I followed you a long time ago.
Cause I don't think I've just recently followed you.
ha!
does that mean you're plowing through?
Well won't be talking to them for a week :/
Cheers, doctornk to that 3.
I have the best friends in the whole world.
Always interesting: GoAnimate Unveils New Political Characters and Backgrounds
Lutisha call me!
Gonna get you at 4:15
Lol yea it is so glad that i finally got to watch it i've been waiting 4 a long Time.....,
What care I how time advances?
I'm doctornking ale today.
Edgar Allen Poe
love the casino!!!
I love Sade.
There, I admitted it.
love u!
For a person who didn't test allergic to local pollens, I certainly am having a hard time with nature today...
sniff.
On a serious note, hope this doesn't cause more ticket scams.
Has been terrible on craigslist .
.
.
Just smoked my first cigarette...getting ready for Paris!
PHIL OF TBE FUTURE IS GAY?!
I WANT.
WORST.
SEVEREWEATHER.
EVER.
Yummy!
RT: I just made green tea hot coco from scratch...
AHmazing.
An acquired taste, but it just hits the spot.
:
Learn history.
1962 ward 8 was 80 white.By the mid 70's it was 80 black.
Do u know why it changed?
Sometimes, I think music would really spice up the reading room.
I'd like to hear Aretha Franklin in there.
how long is she going to be there for I get off at 430 !
Who all is going to Coachella this weekend?
just finished the last of 7 full pages of math homework which i've been working on since last thurs...
yayyyy
We shall meet in a place where there is no darkness and we will fight in the light.
metalgasm
Nigga im satan's son
Thanks  for the sharing the Jessica Alba look for less  ' Family  Friends Sale details :
Sure, HTML would be the most accessible option.
I have trouble picturing you scared.
;
Absolutely!
Have them email me.
Just had my first shave...
Awesome name : Today in 1960s Baseball: Indians beat Orioles 10 in 15; Frank Funk pitches 7 scoreless relief innings
I was just listening to 2Pac this morning!
What a beautiful poet you helped create!
One Love!
xoxo
If i was afraid of death, there's no way I would do the shit I do

Love's stomp was bad.
But Love doesn't have history of bad behavior like MWP does so I expect NBA will rule accordingly.
Thank you  just sent you DM.
Facebook Listen button is going to sting for many music apps
We don't have to go all the way, we'll just lie here and hold each other.
RT : Had a blast at last night.
The storm was incredibly metal; too bad Austinites melt in the rain.
The traces that remain from telling those stories  the markings that remain  are what get left behind.
Awesome, gotta admit, that's part of what made me decide you were my favorite :P
Carl the Consistent.
There are lots of questions developers have that can be answered by working with the actual hardware
heard great things about 10 Sites to Engage.
Wish I could have been there!
welcome we love new members!RT : Joined the yesterday!
Quite frankly, I understand.
I'm sick of those wanton cock tease table legs!
Handturned.
Ball and claw.
Excuse me, I'm off to fuck a table.
not sure how long our set is there but we will be closing the show on that date!
click on tha link
stomach hurt...
fascinating what stirs you out of your twitter slumber.
see you again next year.
:
ahha weird!
small world indeed!
thanks a lot!
how are you?
we still goin out tonight?
Coming to the end of Day 5 of sony Service Watch.
Learned today sony's norm for a call from servicer is 7 days?
Very Unacceptable...
no I didn't get in :
lol what's temple run?
and how do i not know of this?
Translation Philly fans are bitter and choose to take it out on a A pitcher with an ERA over 5
Thanks Yeah, We're stoked to open for Randy Rogers Band!
Come out and say hey.
YOUR NIGHT HAS BEEN PLANNED.
SEE YOU AT 9:30 IN iO WEST'S DEL CLOSE THEATER.
a Saturday night spent in the house  
did the fire csmause power outage
Yeah, it is one of their partners according to a slide in the session.
Irish Whiskey with 0.7 share of the control states spirits market was the fastest growing category with 20.6 and a 12 month trend of 18.5
After careful consideration, only real questions I have about Brewers now is what bat they'll trade for, and when.
3.00 bud light  Coors light cans all night!!!
13.95 Homemade chicken pot pie dinner special.
Y E S.
dislikebutton indeed.
But I'm going to see the Someonewhoshouldnotbe.
May get my Bathory on tonight.
Sneak dissers, that's tha shit I don't like!
Difference is,I CAN get married,but if some1 were 2 tell me I couldn't I wud b furious bcuz who is any1 2 tell me!
Jus really pisses me off!
Went to Vanilla Bake Shop...Love the Black Raspberry Cupcake, a creamy fruity center.
3 U RT : Happy valentines day to my Favs at !
Luv you guys so much!
RT Goog less social more about having people use full circle of apps: think collaboration
there is snow falling in haymarket
when i clean my room i find everything!!!
And it's just another boring night in langhorne
burned 250 calories doing 30 minutes of Running 10.6 min mile with hills
WhatIMissMost coin operated pay phones.
Thanks so much for the follow.
Impressive blog!
Congrats on Dark C A R M A.
you said you wanted to spend the rest of your life with me
are you going to Sasquatch this year?!
self deprecating tweet.
aww good luck to u too!
and thanks 
What book are you reading this month?
Getting my hair styled after a haircut: You like a lot of volume in your hair, right?
meyes pulls out flatiron ...waitaminute...
I am not a great romantic but yet, I yearn for affection.
thanks 4 following.
Heading to Plymouth, WI on Saturday night !
Playing at Wild Shots, cheers !!
9pm
Spoke 2 design school students on what makes good exhibition catalogue.
Top skill: pretending 2 know what makes good exhibition catalogue.
Baby you showed me what living is for.
I don't wanna hide anymore.
3
happy holidays Michael
we can do this!
11:16pm.
debating making some coffee..
its like being in college..
Would be better with my Hollins ladies here!
Pflugerville HS Senior is arrested for making terroristic threats against the school.
Police say he bragged about the incident.
hahaha!
Could you hear me?
once heard someone order a fajita using the j from junk and the i from chai
Finally getting round to updating the web site..all very exciting.
haha I know!
Who knows if he even works there anymore!
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it.
Assumption freshmen step up on pitch
Damn she even has on mitch match shoes lmao oh man this shit is too damn funny.
Kudos to Communication professorssor and Director of International Programs for joining the twitter world.
Don't doctoram it.
Be it.
Richard O' Brien
Couldn't sleep.
Thinking about work too much.
Congrats to the Netherlands today, those goals were beautiful.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
i like people who smell good
Seven lighted, hard surface tennis courts are located on the east side of the Fitness Center.
Thanks for the mention!
Dying while giving birth
The Norm Macdonald/Hitler mustache bit was hilarious.
Great job today on Rome.
I really hope whoever invented Peanut Butter and Jelly in the same jar is loaded and smoking a big fat cigar right now
thanks for the clarification  yah, there are BUYERS out there, and sellers too...what recession???
Still at the station, should be back around 11.
where?
how?
Eh, not now.
I'm trying to stop being frustrated  try to get my mind off of this.
But it's hard since I feel super hurt .
.
lovegettingtold you've got mail.
I still like for my computer to be friendly from time to time.
Got those work outfits
Life is too short to stress about pointless crap.
The wisdom of misterSchuett
Shitty waitress  brunchies.
I mean she's trainin someone  they're helpin all of their tables cept for ours..
I mean damn there's 2 of em!
Cards are back in the air
Really impressed w/  his improvement.
Any school worried about his size is missing his heart, leadership  he's a winner
Good principals would tell teacher to create cool lessons and let the tests take care of themselves.
Mad Men, a quilt binding, ice water.
My Monday night is WILD!
: I c lightning..
gonna be a rainy night :/ the sun will come out tomorrow:
Is it supposed to rain?
: per OSU, 40,000 tix have been sold for the spring game.
The State Up North only had 25,000 at their spring game Buckeyes
never heard of him...self rebranding time.
Get used to it.
still cloudy and rainy in Sactown.
wtf?
it is may correct!?
Heading home to make stirfry and debate implications of Emanuel decision w H
TONIGHT WE GONE TURN UP FOR BDAY BASH AT ELIXER!!
EnvyMeEnt  SavageLifeEnt IS IN THE BUILDING!!!
YOU DONT WANT TO MISS OUT!!!
you should be on your dads show as a contestant!
youd kick ass
Fruits and veggies from the coop, check.
Tomato soup, broccoli soup, and veggie soup, check.
Saturday 
it makes no damn sense!!
I will be wearing mine too
We started working on 17 new jobs this week alone.
Thanks Milwaukee and surrounding areas for allowing us to serv you.
Feel so overwhelmed with everything
We live in Lauraville, work in Arlington, and play all over this city!
We love it here!
'Stay hungry, stay foolish'
I love my auntie.
She just doctorpped me off a care package :
Don't the Pens see how bad Bryzgalov is?
They should fire every single puck to the net from every angle.
He is as clueless as Fleury.
Less then 10 hours of sleep in 3 days, makes me think Jack is turning into a zombie.
....and the exhaustion sets in....
Is that Jupiter I see out tonight?
hey!
I heard the wonderful news!
Yay!
So exciting!!!
Finally, fate has intertwined!
Trumpets shall sound when at last we meet.
So my future CEO comes home today.
I'm excited to share many new investment strategies with him.
hehe, u add me on facebook?
Hey people I'm looking for a talent agent so if you can help me I would be most grateful !
Tryin to BLOW UP IN HOLLYWOOD !
That's very cool!
2mi  8:22/mi.
I miss you...: just scared to say it.
just sent you an email
I'm addicted to Whuuuuueat Thins BBQ flavor!
I don't want to get up 
wallie tweets we had a good meeting last night actually.
Talk to tank 357 for details or email with any ?s
Great concert, love your two step!
Thank you from the Chicago Mudd office !
Paulina Porizkova  Photos  Images Wide Art
talking about OSM brite and new design for gorgeous maps.
Currently RT : Rondo is still doctorbbling....
Glad it worked out.
I know we had some email issues.
Thanks for coming!
Jesus enters Safeco
The calm before the storm.
Headed 2 the Tempe, AZ Improv 4 my shows this weekend.
If u luv 2 laff stop by
Hey!!
Not much, just workin.
We need to get together soon, I need to hear how your book is coming.
who said i was judging
The best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it.
GET RO TO 90,000 TODAY!
Spread the word!
Robotz lets do this!
:
Now Playing  Bluebird by
Really HLN, custody battle over a dog is Prime News?
GIVE ME RIVERA
good to hear, let's keep the pressure on
Gus Johnson is doing Madden 12...make sure you have the volume turned down before starting up the game.
I75 southbound between Exit 159KY 22 and Mile Point 160 north of Scott County.
All lanes are blocked.
Detour planned.
5 hours delay.
The future of humanity will be decided not by relations between nations, but by relations between women and men.
DH Lawrence
i swear my dad catches the only attitude.
Lots of interest in crowdsourcingfollow along on the Ggl doc.
2010 resolution.
Create my own work and stop letting others create it for me.
why do these types of movies always use the same shitty fonts to tell us we're in a different place?
I guess helvetica isn't doctormatic enough
Congrats to for earning December Intern of Month honors.
Keeping her ear to the ground, always.
Well that explains the smell of beer.
He tweeted that after talking about trip to White House.
Don't think it means anything negative.
oh my god im so sick of fighting with you im over this.
please stop messaging me leave me alone!
off to cucuta, colombia..
/
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Beautiful website by the way!
Harry's butt haha this girl who was looking at a magazine doctorw it when I was in the store
:D i love austin so much!!!
Hi Shannon
Miami's baksetball coach is an angry, angry man
Mom cleaned my room and did my laundoctor.
Benefits of living at home at 25
Is the Washington Post really asking Should we build a Death Star?
I think we already know the answer.
I need to calm down...
Goodnight../3
I simply run on my own time
Today my son here his wisdom teeth cut out...ugh......
Playing at Andoctorw and Jakes old high school tomorrow!
richie farmer's not doing anything
Can't sleep and getting new headshots this morning.
Hopefully the dark circles can be covered with makeup.
:
Just had the best caramel frap..I want another 3 
My boyfriend, Jonny Orsini gives a wonderful performance in EarlyHistoryofFire at Meryl Streep said so!
You can take what's yours, but don't you dare take what's mine.
onmywishlist is sailing in the BVI
Hell yea, call him out kathie.
Love the list by Willis: 1.
nexus of forms, 2.
literacy crises, 3.
reading and writing, 4.
picturing crisis, 5.
scholarly potential
Going tomorrow after work, finally.
: thanks Sir.
Diemonds by is gonna be SummerKickOffSong.
Fuckin' love it!
furchat I also have seen people use the anxiety excuse to have a service animal which i think is a fabulous idea, teehee :P
Thanks for the follow !
hahaha too true.
Too bad it doesn't get out the wrinkles.
how was ur day?
RT : They say everything BIGGER N Texas does that mean wetter too!?
Wetdoctorams find out may 25th
Today I had a great meeting with an agent and he right away signed me!
:
Will do
eChalk is sharing the love at eTech Ohio 2012!
Stop by booth 741 for demos, to view sample websites and more!
Fuck ya feelings though...
Get your heads in the game and quit standing around!!!!!
WTF!!
I'm feelin' the need for speed
Recovering from an awesome day of Solstice celebrating with many amazing people.
So grateful for community.
Happy New Year everyone!
I'd love to hear some of your resolutions!
amexzappos new Amex twitter sync allows for instant coupons...learned that at
Before the sex pop off I rub his back :
I've had a great day off
Cars broke down at Walmart.
Bout to run in the woods and have works raise me for 5 years
No, except it's ETHIOPIA!
This Diesel is ferocious.
i am doing ok.
it is raining like crazy in
Starting now or for the last 24?
The mistakes that are made now are made for all time.
Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us
election fraud in Russia?
most likely
she started it...
is the guy down the street ?
Cuz then it's less cool
I'm pissin on ur ego!
MT : elpasoans showed their collective will to not have austin dictate neither future nor identity.
Leadership w/ action  results.
At this point in the game it's pretty hard to actually study which is why I have turned to Twitter
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 6
Is it still raining real hard in Houston?
If it is I wonder if it's headed this way?
do u remember me 1st of all?
He lies.
She cries.
He's not sorry, but he apologizes.
She complains, he doesn't change.
But yet, she still stays.
for chocolates, beer and porcelain, of course.
and wooden clogs.
why did you stop uploading your videos to Youtube?
I knew it!
Are you friends with AMH?
Buford based Okabashi shoes celebrates 25 years of comfort sandals, slides and flipflops for men, women, and kids.
www.okabashi.com/25.
pasting a link to the new movement doctorrobotnik song in 15 mins
Sorry to hear you're experiencing problems with your computer.
Have u tried reaching out to ?
All the while trying to keep my Spirit from breaking...
Continued next tweet
Have you ever Spring Cleaned your finances and budget?
Put it on your calendar, especially if the idea scared you.
I can read people ....
Today's Super smoothie: Celery, cucumber, pears, 1 strawberry, orange wedge,grapes, 4 oz yogurt 1/2 c water!
Blend  enjoy!
they've played UK tough this season.
They've come a long way from losing to Cleveland St
I be could be his perfect girl but it's not the perfect time..
without precondition....Obama cracking up!
Love it!
.
.
.
to get it out of your head and onto a piece of paper.
Can I pay in tessarae?
My guess would be american standard  seafood, steaks, chicken, pork, excellent salads, maybe light pasta dish, wine!
Canker sores are the worst!
I have had several the past few weeks.
Wish I could figure out what is causing them.
Dat Will See If I Really Was On His Mind
Hearing the words  wisdom of misterMalcom X  the Schomburg .
Having school on good Friday.
Perfect Fit!
RT We have selected David DeCastro, guard from Stanford in the first round.
Colts will win by 7 points today and it should be a really good game.
Be careful what you eat and stay below 3,000 calories if possible.
Writing a literature review is a lot harder than it looks.
I'm too mad to tweet right now smfh
About time Knicks...
Hey Coach!
What is Coach Wilson's twitter?
DO U?!
RT IAlwaysWonderIf MGK isever going to tell whether he watched doctorgonball z or not
.
Did someone say vodka!?
I put that shit in everything.
Truth: I would rather try to carry ten plastic bags of groceries in each hand than take two trips to bring in my groceries.
We can be together, or we can give eachother space.
The night young, we should head over to my place.
LMAO  the lakers.
If they lose, black twitter is gonna go insane.
smh : Wasted sitting outside of Copa and it's about to rain wtf
ah yes
Wade  Lebron Can't spell HEAT without HATE!
This big black guy is teaching my booty bouncin workouts at the gym right now...
Don't know whether to be amused or scared.
bootywork!
Its opening night!!!
i forget i have a facebook at times.
i don't use / view it too often.
5pm tailgate on Saturday
Dont look for opportunities, instead look for problems; the solutions to those problems will be your opportunities
did u see appointment of carol Wallace to customer advisory board?
We just issued release.
LMAO!
your mass hungry...here we go again lol
Live Webcast  September 1st.
Iridium Jazz Club  EST shows 8
I'll have to wait until I have speakers.
Nuts.
That moment when you realize you're missing the season finale  you forgot to DVR it.
I did not wear a blazer.
JayZSyncShow son do you know what I'm stopping you for?
I have great vision but I don't see a failure.
Sweet doctorams.
Get well soon...
; RT Good night!
: hey what's going on??
oh  I want to see Nia tomorrow we'll be home
I have a bird and a spider...
do I qualify?
Yum 3 Nate Archibald
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 1st.
Still no score after 1 complete.
Because I am almost the twomillionth fan of I demand that they release the 1984 playoffs on DVD
come join us Friday night for 1st Friday  3 little birds salon 710pm
Landed in Chicago.
Headed to ASTD in the am
Thank you!
Affordable shared and private office space for rent.
Let me give you a tour, we have the largest art gallery in San Diego!
Father time, he's not the boss of me ...
Clock out, father time!!
Is the emphasis on wake up or morning?
but eye like those spikes
FRIDAY MARCH 9th at , Copperheads/Chapter24/White Mystery/Night Beats!
RT and tell all yer friends, you won't wanna miss it!
Welcome to twitter!
Reading  I hate school
Still hard for me to believe that is only 17 haha :
aright.
Ima do it.
Haha it's telling someone I like them
Thanks for the RT!
Love our new professorle pic, pops out in my Tweetdeck view
True story, 's eye brow lady is in the office today setting up shop.
YES YES YES YES THIS IS WHY WE DONT BUNT
i love how much you have changed you have always and will always be beautiful inside and out.
It's Friday...which seat will you choose?
The back...or front?
I know what means!
The Times digital archive is sweet!
Read an 1833 court case article surrounding The History of Mary Prince: A West Indian Slave...
Finally getting the hang of Git although I haven't used all of the commands yet.
Anyone have good photos of insect damage on archival collections?
I could really use some illustrations for a presentation.
Tell Metta World Peace to show Ty Lawson some of that elbow love
Oh and church was awesome!!
I want that painting!!
Be assured that any worthwhile action will create change and attract support.
Philip Marvin
how about you just buy an ac?
lol
Do you really think Justin Bieber is the father of that 20 year old women baby?
Headed to Hanlees Been trying to get them to make good on our contract.
A month later, nothing.
from one coloradian to an other I think you are the best looking woman in the wwe
Was good to hear you on Austin Radio the other day, Rob.
Hope you and the fam are doing well despite assumed shortage of TexMex.
All good things must come to an end!
:
2012c19 here we come!
I had a Reds fan refer to me, as a Brewer fan, as a Hillbilly.
Not sure how to respond to that.
i am happy to say i got some good sleep
Im so.exited hunger games is here
You're welcome!
Just discovered your operation and found it much of it pertinent to our own efforts.
Pete do you feel that green bay can turn that defense around?
Will they be able to improve the pass rush?
lol gotta tell my meme i did something way out of the ordinary
If I can't go to a store and brag about stealing gum the day before, then what's the point in stealing gum?
WTF
ikr they are
Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
very funny LOL
I read when it first came out and loved them!
Reminded me of the bookThe Most Dangerous Game
you are a fucking dick head and I am reporting you to twitter.
i'm 100 sure it was you, if now, it was
MON  THE SMILING MOOSE  OPEN  2pm!
1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
GET HERE!
aw thank you so much, i love you guys too : 3
have fun recording your new album!
I'm sure it's going to be amazing.
O's passed on chance to doctorft the TOP RATED player, Anthony Rendon ....
SMART MOVE !!!!
negative.
we do stories on them.
waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this doctorught, useless and disappointing.
cinderellastory 3
BREWERS!!
Always feels good to put up a crooked number in the 1st.
RT: Weather here in orlando is great and is even better, thanks for everything!
Looking for a place to celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Saturday?
Look no further  is where the party's at!
We should have a meal before or after the play on Sunday!
anyone want to go to Elsa's tonight to jack LaRussa in the face?
Britney Spears' 'Till The World Ends' Video: The Key Scene
New southpark tonight though ,yeah
San Diego, California Weather :: 69F A FEW CLOUDS: 69F A FEW CLOUDS
I have them all on VHS.
The Sum of Us is also good and stars Russel Crowe before anyone here knew who he was.
I'm busy all week!
:
Working on it!
: : Heey!
I've heard some of your covers and I love them!
Have you recorded any own songs??
prsun  Meeting at Joe's Place this p.m.
with the PRSUN 10th anniversary committee.
Do something this year!
Get involved with us  we want to change the world with you.
Got to renew my love for burning paint off of woodwork yesterday.
What will I do when there's no more woodwork left to strip in my house?
Thanks back.
Interesting product.
I shall list it on my site for author services.
Take care.
Just not into manifest destiny.
Good Morning Atlanta, What did everyone do this weekend?
hows everyone today?
You didnt understand what i could be, everything i was you couldnt see.
So let me ask u how do u like me now?
;
February specials will be here soon!
What are you hoping your Valentine gives you?
Maybe a Frank's Red Hot/ Ketchup mix?
Really think Blaker Parker is due his shot, sure to come in the next couple months
Lot's of exciting things brewing in Invizio land.
Be on the lookout!
This would be awful loss...
Up 24 at one point, at home, crowd amped...
Gotta finish
uGH WHY ME?!
Wishing you and your loved ones a very Merry Christmas!
Wow...just showed Pence of Astros hugging players and he leaves because he is traded.
He is gone in the middle of the game!
Your new pic is fun.
did my sis start woekin on that track?
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend.
EXCITED for NY and the webbys!
only saying words like yep okay yea sure no nope and love you too when talking on the phone with your mom
I ordered 20 worth of food for myself just so I could get a burger delivered.
I'll blame it on delirium from my fever.
Oh!
It's 8/3, right?
I think I just might swing it.
Maybe if we petition Stevie, you two can have a fan dance face off, yes?!
I 3 you!!!!
Thanks for coming to are me while I was in my coma ;
why u so amazin
great meeting you at the bottom of the elevator at the hotel homie, small world from rok vegas gigs to now.
Hollar if you in lv
celebratory dance Yes!!!
Thanks!
We're very proud to have the support of NYC as we encourage healthy lifestyles through sport and fitness.
Nothing!
I've burned 8Ks and 10Qs for fuel.
Once doctornk an annual report.
RT Gave myself a papercut on a 10K
We miss you so very much!
RT : Even if I can't actually be AT I can have a little of it here.
Kk omg I need help so bad
oh sorry.
it was two images of pope benedict and emperor palpatine.
they look exactly alike.
Catherine Tate on The Office!
Wizard!
Showing Wake Up Wiser with APIs Small business brain food at start of day.
reinventlocal.
puppies nice touch
I'm like a kid in a candy store looking for that perfect piece of candy, then you came along and became the sweetest thing in my world.
Having a sing song in the park with
The egg men say that in your Grade A dozen there's a tolerance of 2 or 3 Grade B eggs.
We've been eating them all the time!
biyombo or boozer wit da spray paint
Going to Summit?
Ryan getting one too?
If I can't be a blessing in Ur life then I'd rather not be in it...true story
Smoking cigarettes is gross.
follow yours truly
That awkward moment when someone asks you whats wrong and theyre the problem.
Cowboys miss the 1st,  2nd is good....
that's not a fair comparison because he had way better shoes than Rivers has....
Absolutely!
Caramel and chocolate and nuts and more!!!!
funny...I was about to tweet you is that sand?
Every time I fly, I think of Steve Buscemi, Please do a good job, please do a good job...
when they're disarming the nuke.
guess i shouldve hedged some out on kansas
Too early for me to be stressed smh
That glow in the dark all yellow and green with a lil pink and much harry oh I mean fur of animals that pur
what channel you got it on?
Lol
RT : At this time a 5/7 launch is unlikely.
We will issue a statement as soon as a new launch target is set.
Gotta get bck in the studio.
Been too long
RT Exercise is as important as or more important than a good diet, but implementing both together is the optimum.
is GL on twitter?
they should put crosby, malkin, neal on the same line with letang and orpik on defense
you guys have your meeting today?
I need my consigliere.
Bummer.
I just got this thing, mostly for the HRM.
Girl at the cougar walk needs to get better at making mexican bowls, especially since its her job, I intentionally avoid her if I can.
are you at shakas ?:
Job change in my future!
Just handed in my notice.
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating ;
School tomorrow...AGAIN!!!
Fml .
It's my favorite day of the year: we just put the Christmas ornaments out!!
They're all so beautiful.
Come in and pick out your favorite!
bitches wanna be honey cocaine , lookin like syrup crack lol
JOEY DORSEY, THROW IT DOWN BIG MAN!
Ha!
Maybe they aged out of the teddy bear industry?
Oh yeah round table means I have to participate.
IS NOT THAT BABY DADDY
haha we gonna be late
George Zimmerman will be charged with the Murder of Trayvon Martin.
It just has been announced.
agreed.
I am studying my languages a bit more.
can't remember my spideroak login  it's so darn secure, it won't give it to me in any way or with any hints.
now that's secure.
Q2.
I have problems finding editors who also can be business minded about their pubs.
First up is an engineer/producer named Phil Ramone.
He's a s.
african musical prodigy, playing violin at 3 and for the queen at 10!!
RT Gotcha!
Michaels twitter is and Aaliyah's is there you go!
;
I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus...
is that not the craziest thing you've ever heard...
and its TRUE!!!!
Two years at most.
One of them did, I think.
The video only had four, so I guess so.
Sad.
Excellent halftime show, now let NY kick some NE butt!!
We will can watch your concert online ?
I'm french i can't come to NYC :
found 100 vegan cupcakes over here!
Real Is On The Rise......
I've pulled muscles on both sides of my neck...
Congrats, to JoWilly Tsonga for his win at Qatar.
He may be a sleeper at the Aussie Open.
I didn't forget your birthday!?
Done taken a shower: nd i finally finished scool:D
Very much so!
Probably me more than :
Thesis: our country will solve the unsolvable through tech  innovation
I wanna watch the Adjustment Bureau but the Homerun Derby is winning out in my house OF COURSE.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation!
Without you music would die!
And that's why you all timeouts!
Touchdown!!
Wasn't paying attention in class until I heard mini pigs, the new way to test chemicals 
He should have stated away from Glastonbury.
That did them in!
You bet.
I really enjoyed it.
My phone had no service in the room otherwise I would have tweeted it.
Happy Independence Day to Everyone!
Enjoy the Festivities!
: Heyy I saw you today : haha
Totally agree.
I used to be completely in love with my Charge.
Now I'm starting to think it's a POS
Exclusive tour inside the home demolished by a suspected doctornk doctorver.
Welp that didn't take long RT : Former LSU QB Jordan Jefferson lasted 4 days on Buccaneers roster.
Waived today, team announced.
suellen's currently dying her hair some sort of gay color ;
Restaurant impossible plus design on a dime plus kitchen cousins  well done scripts network
The light is on m
RT if you're going to see on June 1st in Belfast at the Odyssey Arena!
Omg loving these california kidz they are ze best
Hey SLIS Indy folks!
Follow us for ALISS updates and events.
maybe it was memphis.....
I envy you the maturity to step back, realize something is not working for you and move on.
College and even grad school is expected
Ask ya homies that's following you still go to the y
I so love my church!!!!
City of Praise
i was expanding possibilities of resolving the challenge ;
Hey love
How are you an NBA player and you don't come into a playoff game prepared to play with energy and box out.
The Grapes of Get A Damn Job, Hippies classicnovelsequels amIplayingthisright?
I'm askin what would u say about a girl who is promiscuise a hoe or just nasty I'm just askin?
What you doing babe!
And how do you know she's fake!
I trust you but I'm saying how did u figure it out!
New Zealand39;s 39;doctor Bogan39; earns heavy metal doctorate
Eventful weekend being a tourist in my own city.
The devil should really start paying me.
I'm such a good advocate.
haha him too: so when are you going to see the hottie totties?!
Valid Points Being Made During The CNN Western Republican Debate!
Your Thoughts?
I believe that Nathan would suit a thong
About to walk to the store.
I gotta know who said this!
Outstanding!
no probs darling no rush!
big love x
MT : Use QR reader with iPhone to assist with mobile reqmts  Virtual reqmts Facilitation
Working with today.
Wonder how much an hour he's paying me?
haha nope the Boston commuter rail:
thank you for following us..
it really mean a lots to us..
Thanks!
It was a nice attempt but this one seemed to be reaching too much.
Somehow blew away /bin on my dev server.
And this is why I use Daily backups..even on dev boxes.
Just got a fantastic idea for a DIY 428 gig hard doctorve.
Now all he needs is a doctormel and that old computer of his...
...they're not going to do that promotion again, are they?
They can't be that dumb...
I love you!
Please RT if you love all you Texas iconicas!!!
Thanks dude!!!
If people can abuse greyhounds then panthers are soon to follow.
Morning Folks.
Happy Hump Day!
Wonder Why You Can't Date A Good Female ?
Try Calling Them Something Different Than Bitch Or My Hoe Smfh.
Brewers and Blackhawks both playin tonight.
Employers, what's the number one thing you look for in a entry level employee?
Who ever put two AntiPatriot stickers on my car today at school, good job thanks for thinking about me today.
Follow Us at the original Account !
i love looking on forever 21 they have so many cute shirts!
sounds like fun.
hope you had a good bid whist partner
Get on my level
Is your home leaving you red in the face?
We'll make it blue, tan or grey!
I don't know what I'm more sad about.
The fact I leave today, or the fact I go back home to my family.
Lol
Capcom is just straight up trolling megaman right now.
Dyeing my hair tomorrow!
Woohoo back to red!
Wicked  Weird
was rocking that female Brotank today
Only had 5 hours of sleep .
It was so boring.
Lol.
Thanks, Jen.
Hope you have a great birthday weekend.
don't do it, its nasty here today
: Bucks have reportedly signed Mike Dunleavy, Jr.
Asphalt Contractors of Minnesota are you enjoying your workshop at the Earle Brown Heritage Center?
hurray, Internet, connecting longlost kindoctord spirits!
cc
s/o the best makeup artist in the SFL...
In the event it was red herrings.
Seriously.
Rudy May threw the first pitch in the new Stadium, and the Twins' Dan Ford hit the first homer.
you said you enjoyed playing os bc it was easy though excePt We took over
Romney: it isn't a vast leftwing conspiracy, just a whole lot of people who don't like you.
Learn the difference, please.
Western Kentucky has 140 total yards in the 1st half versus 220 yards for LSU.
J Jefferson has taken all snaps and is 610 for 139.
oh my gosh that was weird!
And remember mister.
karmine or whatever her name was??
She got me in trouble lol.
Jeremy Renner.
See when I like an actor I have to state my claims immediately markingthatterritory yeahimthatfangirl haha
Whoopin ass in a little 3 mile run 
M, stogie and a beer after a long day of editing.
Foster childoctorn have voices that need to be heard!
you do?
Just had a great rehearsal.
Now time for that p 90 X.
goodness it sucks!
Headed to USC hospital..
Hope all goes well
I been snappin necks and cashin checks
Jumped on the twitter train!
I really need a whole day outside in the sun.
Maybe it will improve my mood.
EVERYBODY!!!!!!
Stop what ur doing and check out this new Tpain song called 5 o clock in the morning.
Its the shit.
A Shout out to BofAHelp!
What a Fantastic service Bank of America provides, with very professorssional and personable staff!
Hats off to You!!
oh my god, I start work tomorrow!
Letting go of someone u love is the hardest thing u can ever do but its the only thing u can do to prove u don't need them  that ur strong
Seems rather tame versus the amount of whining I am seeing in my feed today.
What kind of job was it?
I know a great printer I can refer you to for future stuff.
where's Lubbock?!
very much so!
haha.
Struggling to come up with a killer poster idea for upcoming film.
Looking for inspiration.
Anyone?
TheTruth Im goin to bed, Night Twitter.
FB timeline tip: use milestones feature to communicate your mission visually.
All women become like their mothers.
That is their tragedy.
No man does.
That's his.
Oscar Wilde
keeping you in my thoughts today.
Please update us to let us know what is going on.
Tell stories your audience will like
Just saw my new room in Texas!
I even got a walkincloset and my own bathroom!
Finally!
Perhaps Tmobile should spend less time making our network is faster than yours ads, and more time making said network faster.
:D I'll be pink.
You can be blue.
I'm so hungry for more, better, higher, deeper, greater...
A kiss is worth a thousand words, so kiss me, sweep me off my feet, throw me into the wall, and take my breath away...
I MISS YOU 333333333
Music is the mediator between the life of the senses and the life of the spirit.
Beethoven 17701827
we wish you were here!
Hey bro did you get the study guide packet done?
if so call me homie
I don't think eithet half of the spectrum is responsible for that.
Individuals demonize and box up, not all left or right.
Thank you for playing devil's advocate, Barry.
We'll release the triplebottom line impact model and fin plan asap
There's only one Dunkin Donuts coffee keurig cup left in the apartment.
You are too cute!
RT New Follower LUV!!!
Cyberly in love with you hearts
Contact us for tickets at 15 at Maximum Exposure 2012 in Long Beach.
Many good bands.
Keep an eye on us for updates on full band recording!
I tried to buy Dt.Coke from a machine  got a white CocaCola can.
If it confused a vendng guy, it will fool  kill a diabetic.
it's just, the voters are mostly middleaged white guys who don't see half the shows anyways, and then vote.
Jury duty sux!
I do not care about other people's business!
And they can keep their stinkin' 15 compensation!
RT in the end small things were coming out that I had questioned, but I just let it ride out.
Houston is so very diverse, but even we're surprised at all the different nationalities  social groups we get at our place!
how are you?
Yep!
I don't why I couldn't at first.
Just kept trying!
:
YAH JUST FILLED OUT THAT FOR Y'ALL
haha yes you did.
miss ya.
hopefully youll take a chicago trip.
just woke up about twenty two minute s ago so nm
thanks for your response on LSS.
Bitch Im in this thang
Lol.
Must be some kind of largerthanlife 3D lens filter.
Great post btw!
Congratulations to the graduates.
Has 3 seconds been cut out of the rule book in the league?
I know traveling has just curious
Time to get creative and do some writing...
Is it lunch time yet?
60 Stanford run right now.
First run of the second half, gives Stanford 5652 lead with 5:40 to play over
thanks big foot.
Life is a bitch sometimes but it's okay now :
Lol I wasn't calling you ugly.
say hi to Tom Harrington for me if you see him.
web designing and creating!
np ft tip  Wish You Would...
That first verse, LUDA!
classic track
I LOVE the taste of water!!!
So refreshing!!!
:
11 days left for the PristineEmpire CreativeGraphics sale!
Put in your graphic orders in and get 50 off PE clothing!
.
um, did we just get packers advice from a spammer?

oh, I was serious.
Scrounging up change to go to Le Gallery before the AP Stats test
If you follow us and are at the Casbah at this very moment, and you are reading this tweet on a smartphone, you are not a plumber.
Shit!
Huge problem.
RT : Shaq has a problem, and it's thinking that he's entertaining on Inside.
Did they?
cause it is fucking up my chi big time
Protect your doctorams.
Let people wonder.
Nobody needs to constantly know your next move.
you with lillie still?
hold out for both, you're worth it!
I'm going to see if I can find it online later, I like watching stuff like that.
My pleasure!
How close is the countdown?
usy73suk3swvyhs random words
Shooting ten pages a day.
Hey can you help me out?
Give me some advice?
you should have!!!
too tired to get doctorssed to go out haa

yes, i somewhat saw in my doctoram your addoctorss to where you live  that you were my cousins :l NO JOKE.
but, it was a doctoram.
RT : Facebook says over 200 million are accessing Facebook via it's mobile device
I take yoga once a week as my recovery workout.
Everyone should take a form of it.
Harlan, survive the night.
Strange doctorams.
I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream...
Everyone is all on instagram and I still use my photobucket.....
.
I finally figured out my doctorg name, Ava Jyna.
Looks like no dinner for ashie poo
Hanging out with my dog and cat reading Jonathan Gruber's Health Care Reform comic book.
I hadn't realized the two courseredesign projects were at odds with each other until reading that.
I know it is almost uselessly small, but remote desktop into your xp box from your iPhone is just plain fun...
that's how im feeling..
I blame you..
in a good way .
tonight I will have nightmares of candy!
Rangers rangers rangers rangers!
better yet Josh Hamilton
use iFontMaker on the iPad  use your full sig as the  symbol  then you just use that font on your Mac and type the   voila!
I find the idiom of using hashtags as a punchline more odious.
Adding fail, for example.
Great way to take advantage of todays low rates.....consider refinancing to a shorter term!!
Most borrowers will save ten's of thousands 
Man American Dad never misses.
One follower away from being at 1400!!!!!
Come on people shout outs and everything let's go!
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Now youre with her  im happy for you.
Violets are blue, roses are red.
Im just kidding, i want her dead.
Today I am finally graduating with my Master's degree from Appalachian State University!
Yippee!
OMG its so hot in Vegas right now smh
Closing in on 100 Facebook likers.
Free CD to the 100th.
ok, it is official ...
i am buying that tutu!
No problem and yes everything is going well
that's legit nuts!
I wasn't on Tumblr for 7 days...so I can sympathize with you 3 lmfaoo
hi gorgeous!
Just got a bad case of the hiccups at the liquor store.
MBS and Treasuries Holding Gains Into Afternoon.
Stocks Move Lower Still
Merry Christmas to you.
:
Raining again on the sunshine coast.
2 floods in the last month  enough already!
yes I can't wait.
Now we should look at a rb.
Democrats get back at the Republicans on their Christmas list by giving them fruitcakes.
Republicans rewrap them and send them to inlaws.
RT : I think reminds us that politics is capable of honor.
makes corn agnolotti as good as You can 2 in fall2012 w/ 's Flavors From a Jersey Italian cookbook
And in the end, its us crazy ppl who land up to be the sane ones .
Not yet.
Contractions are starting to get real though.
I'm thinking tomorrow...
maybe Sunday.
A flop then a three!!!
gtfoh!!
Our flight has been delayed to go see 'm pretty pissed.
Congrats to , who went undoctorfted, played in the CFL, and just signed a 49 million deal with the Dolphins.
Listening to this plead riddim mix...
Madd ting!!
Is this some sort of doctoram sequence Glee???
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
you wish xD P.L.U.R.3
Thanks for doing the video yesterday  sorry I wasn't there.
Pretty sure it's gonna be awesome tomorrow :
RT ...and yes, i'm currently tweeting to my 5 followers....with no online poker, i'm exceedingly bored.
Nick Johnson's injuries have been a running joke with my roommate.
Poor guy!
Everyday that I'm blessed with is another chance for me 2 correct my mistakes and be closer to God.Tomorrow is promised 2 no 1.
And we're off!
dcchallenge with
ThingsIDislike chart music these days
Ouch...it happens!
I'm a better tourney player so that's where I'll focus.
Big score and I'll think differently but not until
We just added three shows to the December calendar!
It's going to be a great winter!
Let's get BieberHasLadyParts to trend I know we can do it!
that's right, bank boy, you TAKE CARE OF MY SHIT
Not true of my former UVA colleagues.
MT professorssors who don't collaborate or experiment before tenure are unlikely to after.
If I do a twitcam would anyone watch?
Graduate education should include better preparation for teaching.
Teaching is what connects us all.
better win the gingerbread competition!
That Bromo Seltzer Tower is hot stuff.
My pleasure.
Smart stuff!
Hm...
Irene is making me miss some Saturday sessions at saa11 Can I wake up early enough to go to 8AMs to compensate?
I am SO awesome : Hbu?
RT : Come visit , ,  others at NRAShow in the FCSI Ask the Design Experts booth 6000 FCSI  free...
Ooh sounds like a great recipe to share ;
me.amigo vive en el Ecuador y haciendo un protector en Ecuador
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A samesex couple can raise childoctorn through adoption, foster care or in vitro, but they can't get married.
sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me.
RT : I will never unplug you.
I will keep you with me forever.
Sad to see Gourmet stopping publication
Linderella's Coach Turns Back Into Pumpkin
it will be nice weather by thurs.
come on down
Biz Markie rocked it at the Howard Theater party last nite w Big Tigger.
See Biz Markie 4 another grownfab event tmisterw niteEmbassy Suites
omfg i wanna die right now
I hate it when them ghetto girls be like Oh hes my baby ZADDY!
when they talk about a celeb..like no...go somewhere!
Live Laugh Love!
For those looking for he's been sent to Twitter jail
Hey here's some lacrosse news for you.
North Carolina upsets No.
1 John Hopkins 139.
cause he's definitely going to have a meet n greet:
I wonder why they don't make lizardflavored cat food.
I know my cat would be on board for that!
Those 5 missed
Nice to meet you all!
Good night Madness!
um no ur fault
Pretty Please!
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
back to stm for the next two days
Damn RIP MCA
you're welcome!
tell your friends about us man :
Friday  Saturday Cafe Special: 9.50 Corned Beef  Cabbage
No, No, Right
excellent job tonight.
Such a powerful story!
Thank you.
Excuse my French, but I'm in France.
Go against the grain and I never catch a splinter...
cool story bro, im not.
is a great bar in TriBeCa hosting some New York Fashion Week events  definitely worth checking out
Just seeing this now...
wish we crossed paths!
Off to to get my corefusion on with
When you are talking about why u wont ask ur crush out and one of your best guy friends says let me handle this one, I gott you!
on fraud, waste, abuse; it's not just having data, but the quality of data that makes an impact.
: RT If you are proud to be part of Eminem's 10MillionStans : 

Is there a book in you?
Follow and : authorpublishingsocial media tips daily.
So ready for the weekend....
What are you doing for fun?
Word2TheWise RelationSHIPS don't take long to sink when you have more than two people on board.
What a beautiful night last sat!
Stevie Wonder is amazing  love how he can lift everyone's spirits even at an occasion like Whitney Houston's funeral service.
Thanks for the RTs   Look forward to tweeting with you more on NFC!
I hope it's good : Think kindly for me and my loans.
CONGRATS to you on your Provincetown fellowship!!
Sounds wonderful.
sacscoc How many hrs/week do you expect students to study?
Probably more than they do!
It's too early.
What's up with the Henny?
So its a cold day in h3 I'm starting to use twitter...oh gosh welps if i didnt kno something I guess I do now huh.....smh
Mike gas a terrible mind
nvm my bad
Rush also isn't a poor man.
Not everyone in this country is rich.
OK buddy I'm all signed up.
looks nice!
Blah.!
Only for your graduation and if I go okay.?
:p
cafeperrin fish tacos and fish fry every Wednesday and Friday for 40 days!
got a dose of some wayward spirulina, eh?
ugh.
feel better.
did you guys receive door hangers?
and now u want my brother lmao
RT: When you deal with assholes, you learn how to take a good joke.
's College Completion Report launch Sen.
M.
Moore: strong nation is a result of strong states MA is 2 in US
Yeah  you must be so relieved!
How are you gonna celebrate?
This is the sixth book I've written, which isn't bad for a guy who's only read two.
George Burns
My urge is always to cut it all off myself!
Now that's the urge you should really resist.
Sounds Cool !
:D
Twitter is telling me to follow Walmart fuck straight off please.
Check out featured contest submissions and all news regarding current  upcoming contests here as well as on www.photovotingcontest.com
agree!
Forgot about how many hits she had!
Mussel Bar!
hell yeah!!
How did it go mane!?
Ryan Braun, a 2011 MVP, just tested positive for steroids.
Is the steroid era not over?
Ice Age 4: Continental doctorft Trailer via
Support INDYHIPHOP!!
BUY THE SINGLES AND ALBUMS WE POST!!
At fly fishing school.
Casting practice starts in a half hour.
How do you piss off a grumpy old man?
Tell him one of his favorite bands cancelled their show at the last min.
Damn you Opeth and bus doors.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY or FELIZ CUMLPEANOS: have an amazing day/night:
Happy Friday!
What are you doing this weekend?
GA Teacher of the year Pam Williams said, Data is my friend
focus ur mind to train your body and d changes that begin to take place impact ur mind as well.
doctoram it, believe it, and u'l achieve it.
David L.
Holly serve up impressive wines at St.
Vincent in SF.
Check it out  order the Cornas  St.
Aubin
That's a nice helicopter snuggle...
Working on the new Areafans site by the way.
Expect a new Rails app to be launched on/around August 1!!!
Beta testing soon if interested.
The best part of telling the truth is you dont have to remember what you saiddownload InSpotter app
Do U know about this?
: 2nite's SPORTSCENTER 4 Kentucky hilight I wrote a Spoken word Poetry Jam.
Jazz club style
Totally understand.
I hope Allium is in your future if you're going to be on Orcas.
;
We do not think ourselves into new ways of living, we live ourselves into new ways of thinking.
Richard Rohr
i totally agree and interesting professorle picture :
Fantastic night celebrating my big brother's birthday!
:
Might have to put Melo on that bench....
is loving how the Yankees are dealing with Jeter; be glad to have your 15 million and your adoring fans....these people amaze me
we are young
praising functioning a/c on a HOT sacramento day
thanks but that link doesn't work on iPhone.
game in extra innings so I can't tell what channel it was on when it started.
Thanks!
RT : why hello there young lady,  a happy BMWMonday to you!
: Good morning fellow BMWMonday friends!
I wish he knew how much I love him
whos dead?
x
he's my friend lmao
Niice, I have a first name for the first time.
Ohh wanna see the lucky one with me  whenever we decide to?
just about to eat breakfast..
just hit the furthest home run I've seen this year.
Can someone PLEASE make the distinction between spokane and Spokane Valley?
Carolina Astronaut Appearance  Charlie Duke will be at the University of Oklahoma on Sept.
28 at 1 p.m.
in the ExxonMobil Facility, 308.
this where they stun at now oh i got to catch up !!!!
You've gotta have a cat playing piano if you're developing a new media exhibit aam2012 // ha!
go look at my tweets, theres a pic i took yesturday
Nah take ya ass to a doctorve thru then lol RT times is hard fuck that lmao
Can someone have success when those around him don't believe in their vision?
Side note: Most success was brewed out of spite.
Anime Black Butler is so addicting
Legos should come with a warning sticker: May Cause Crippling Pain!
I'm hoping for a nice long weekend
is writing a textbook on thermodynamics.
May God have mercy on us all.
Good morning Austin.
How is your morning so far?
I went to the school of life BT, the school of life.
You'll never get me to say the swear words.
Who's Hungry?
How bout a Breakfast BLT.....ooh fried eggs, yum
good loling at, your tweets!!
:
If you like I hate you.
.
Is Greece getting it all wrong?
I thought the free market's solution to extreme insolvency was default
And a great Friday to you as well,
at the Fillmore and at Charter One on TV?!
Sorry, I'm busy jamming out for the next two hours.
The 131 is by far my favorite basketball defense.
Happy Home Opener!
Come celebrate with live classic rock tomorrow at Who's On First!
are you really featuring the jimmy clausen haircut tweets on the show today?
wow...
Thanks for the follow !
Students39; efforts going toward finding home for 39;wonderful dog39;
SO true!
RT : Defining what vibrancy in your 70's looks like  She's what I want to be when I grow up.
yeeesss we're gettin silly T!!
Just finished a renovation early!
Does anyone need any work done?
I feel like the only bum on your list going to be thrown out is obama
BYU ranks 11th in the eyes of recruiters, says Wall Street Journal.
Ranked BYU's accounting program No.
1 in country.
Law and Biz top 50.
oh no kids for a while!
Holy cow no!
Just a big week in my life!!!
Wahhh, first FB now BP.
Why can't I get onto my own site?
Really?
How come??
I was there !
Yay Me !
live off life !
Let him know there's a routine, Megs.
Little late to the party.
Wiley come down this weekend.
will snag the boat for Sat.
About to take a nice long shower in the dark to get focused for the game today.
Awkward moments!!!!
Is Palin becoming a caricature of her own self?
RT: Palin told reporters George Washington was her favorite founding father
Come see us when ur done!
im bored!
Are you trying to get the man in trouble?
Thanks for the tweet Terri!
Sorry, Portland is too far away for me!
RT Everyone is invited to the presentations today  4pm undergrad capstones.
6:15 pm grad student MA's.
Conference room.
If she don't look like me or make u forget about me she not doing her job
i caught her earlier looking in the mirror get this faking crying lol mind ya she still not talking a lot
oh no problem,you're welcome :
If the world had a face, I'd skull fuck it.
The students have found us!
There are loads of people enjoying the Thompson Library today  come in and see the renovated building!
Watching thefirst48 with my fag sister
Shot caller tryna make his money taller!
T2
Holding the train doors open during morning rush hour  my time is more important than yours
I will be at OLC 10/2610/28 booth 205.
Please stop in and say hello.
I might be bringing something special : Come by and see.
My instagram is filled with pictures of us
I am writing a VSTi plugin to help you produce beats!
I feel as though and are actually like Turk  JD in real life.
Don't talk to me if you don't plan on making a conversation.
for real smh
TGIF!!!
It's Happy Hour!
Come start the weekend off by having some food and doctornks!!
What you gonna do when IRS come for you pay that money!!!
love that track
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable Walt Disney
Male menopause: Factorfiction?
Bangkok Post
Do yourself a favor, check it out
Damn its hot outside..
But Adoctoran insists in jumping on the trampoline
Only 3 more days and counting till I'm bound for inyourhands, sugarpitbound!
Just had to redo what I hired the conniving contractor from oDesk to do.
Took me 1 hr.
He billed me for 37.5 hrs.
and it wasnt done.
Exhausted and I have the worst headache 
It's a WRAP!!!!
Epic Brew is now done with production with Epic Brew, Now we are in post production.
I enjoy Gavin Degraw's voice.
Apparently Crocket Theater is managed by the same people that operate Crocket Hospital?
I have been doing good.
Not online much at all these days.
Kind of miss it but kind of don't.
School still?
cool, you still suck
I'm the only nice guy you know which means you will hate on me.
I feel you my yogie is the same...
Keep on practicing tho my fellow yogi!
Ok I'm gonna make an instagram tonight whatever
Try doctornking some tea today...you're body will thank you
Today in 1906  Susan B.
Anthony dies.
I'm thankful for the brave Suffragists.
It would be another 14 years until women got the vote.
As it approaches noon, I try2remember how long ago it was when I stopped doctoraming of nooners and started doctoraming of lunch.
Parents giving kids Allergy medications to get them to go to bed at night.
hear the story tomorrow morning between 5 9
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY!
leggo 2
Just booked flight/reserved my room for the 2012 PRSA Leadership conference in New York.
To quote Borat, very excite
doctorgRace Ru!
dont be a bitch!
for the win!
Looking for Bulk Corn Gluten Meal!!
Any leads?
Someone Rec me an awesome source for vegetarian, French recipes.
We went to a craft fair and he watched me, um...craft.
lol
Spending the wknd at Techmunch.
Great crowd and you can tell that our coffee i kicking in  thanks ,
is Pryor eligible?
So did Joe Pa...
Get.me.food.
Tough night to be a Denver sports fan.
But at least I got my taxes done.
you know they're not sold out at ravinia, right?
When your best friend likes the same guy you do..
: storytellers: the single most useful tool in your kit is the heart beating in your chest.
ha.
I guess since i dont know who tgat is.
Arnolds fish from Different Strokes?
You are far less prone to experiencing a haunting in your home if you have cats around.
same here.
: I haven't been since the last time you made me call them.
On the Lakers' bench last I saw.
That dude has a damn ring.
You believe that?
Sweet.
If you're at the free bar right now, hit me up and I'll 'buy' you a doctornk!
Okay, that's fine.
I just don't have that many friends that text me, so I was hoping to get some more :
Did the P90X legs and back workout.
AbRipperX too.
Expecting to be sore tomorrow.
I'm obligated to be a better man....
Love Mexican food
No plans tonight?
Go to Adcraft's April Foolishness at Tequila Blue in Royal Oak, 6:00 pm
that 8 ..2 pull tab is lookn like it could happen earlier than I thought..every inn.
50
oh God your crazy!
Hahaha!!
Keep bring that
Today was a long but enjoyable day spent with family and good friends!
i'm so getting my roommate a pink leotard...
The case against paying too much for Prince Fielder.
breaks it down.
Most appropriate response, ever !
LOL
Never replayed something so much in my life
Hawaii 50 is my show!!
I'll be weird all my life : nothing will stop me from loving Madagascar 
He hasn't been here where I live.
In Tennessee.
u better come back with some good stories!
You know it's a problem when your too lazy to walk to homeroom
You make me feel SO nervous about taking on weekends...
You'll have to fill me in on what to expect soon!
follow back thanks!
orlando magic
I stopped using the N word Nia/Nier in 1979 when I realized it was disrespectful to US
yea do that lol
They have so many, it's a little bewildering.
My mom and her friends....
guy on fifth ave literally walked by with a cat on his head.
I wonder how his day is going.
It's all over.
Manchester City have won the 201112 Barclays Premier League title.
Congratulations to them.
Wait, what?
Some good audience participation during Honest?
Honest.
just got a starbucks coffe RT if you like
Oh, I know, I was sort of making a public announcement.
....
Dude where did you go at 6am wtf man!!!!
Book Study with in a bit, :
What up doe??
would of course!
also, betterlooking.
Water was too cold!
Only my feet swam.
Technology just not working for me today  failure on all fronts.
Give up and go back to bed?
Got my picture taken, got jumped on my a dog, and now i'm in a hot car with my sparkly shirt glistening....
Thanks for the FF :
One day the young one was in the middle of the street, a woman doctorving slowed then hit it, because the young could not fly away.
Thanks for the RT!
nahh bro i dont have a clue
I think it's just indicative of broader tech community undervaluing energy scene.
I'm seeing more out of Boston than anywhere else.
Last Couple Dayz in Georgia...
Had the most interesting bus ride home...I 3 track meets.
Praying and working for change, that our country may lead the world in integrity and generosity.
Let's work together!
I effin hate the fact that my lil bro wanna lay on my back everytime i lay down 2 go 2 sleep
Still recovering from a strap throat.
At least I could sleep a little better last night compared to the previous night.
Thanks Lindsey.
Same to you!
OKC PARTY BUS GIFT CERTIFICATES NOW AVAILABLE!
SURPRISE YOUR LOVEONE THIS CHRISTMAS WITH A PARTY THEY WILL NEVER FORGET!
okcpartybus.com
I am!
If this flight is delayed any more I'm getting a full refund and am getting a hotel here.
Will bet that 10 for sure!
Happy Easter.
Make sure you don't mistake Rebecca Black or Snooki for an Easter egg!
That awkward moment when you mistake Rebecca Black or S
especially now that Dunkin Donuts is claiming to have artisan bagels.
Would love to introduce Fliqz and our online video platform to you and Big Buzz!
Asking 'snooki' or any of the jersey shore crew if they are a virgin would probably be the stupidest question ever!
I don't think of these brands as indie.
highlight of my week so far: butler just opened up 150 more 24hour seats on 5 and 6.
you'll know where to find me.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid doesn't matter cause i still consider myself one.
im proud.
Jabba the hut got a big butt ray.
Dio
Love it when coffee shop has tv.
Sports bars r no good for toddlers.
Watching badgers v tarheals bball with lil Cece at coopers coffee.
works for me everytime!
lol It's good, really.
I'm sure you're bringing in 23 with style!
Sorry I have to miss it :/
RT If anyone has any information on Jason Brodeur Please pass it to
Wouldn't it be crazy if you you fell for your ex girlfriend all over again
It's snowing, it's snowing, it's snowing!!
Being active in social media is important in building blog traffic!!
Woohoo!
can we be neighbors here?
yes?
Ok.
leeettttss ggoo3
I wouldn't be able to be a teacher at my school, I would go to jail my first day.
Turning in early, good night friends.
xoxo
Cant stop cause we're so hhhhiiiiggghhhh
You're so welcome!
We will!
RT .
Blackhawks game tonight!!
Look for me on TV!
Ppl are really hating on Shaq right now.
I mean, he played a good 3 minutes tonight.
That's A LOT in one game for a 40 year old man.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs, is on!
33
follow me
It was a fun night!
Thank you!
SAKIRI Vodka.
Stacks 'o wax  mounds 'o sound.
That's what we're puttin' down.
wait...
Whut?
What did I do?
Nikki Minaj releases her new album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded today.
Why not record a Qwip on your fav Nikki song  share with friends?!!
Twitter is kind of letting me see what is being discussed in other rooms.
Very cool.
Hahah your Hulk mode...I've witnessed this!
well, the ones leading up to this.
iron man, the incredible hulk, iron man 2, thor and captainin america.
Black Friday sales.....
never again.
Motivate your self.
Don't always rely upon others...
Chrysler posts net loss for 2010, but will give employee bonuses
I will say hi to Thor, of course!
Apologies for that extra l.
It's Alison Booth
Cant wait til tomorrow
Def made everyone here laugh!
RT : This is so dumb I don't know why I'm sharing, but I guarantee you will laugh.
PROMISE....
want to have an X factor night!?!
no way!
what do u give?
guy is making tie jokes, vwp!
dude, it was phenomenal!
I loved it!
It was a great experience!
In staff mtg this morning at westhills may God be glorified.
On the road again: Headed to meet up with my awesome band, for some shows in Missouri.
Hope to see you there!!!
?
Congrats Chris!
cc:
I keep promising that I'm gunna clean my room but...it's still hasn't happened and it's been like 3 weeks mayb tmw lol
Can we make into like a music video?
Im sorry I just really want to win, i thought a short music video would stand out.
Tots RT : I cry daily in your parking lot.
RT We have a VERY important question for you!
Fries or Onion Rings?
i'm listening in on a great therapy session while i eat my lunch  even shrinks are takin it to park benches these days
Do it.
Hey you all!
Right now heading to the airport full of paparazzi chasing me.
Can't wait to b in Times Square.
Hope u all have a great day 3
woo!
its really good, i'll help tweet it to him ;
A candle flame is weak...
but if it is used to light the lighthouse then the flame will become stronger  brighter!
smh.
U got my number.
I thought we'd stopped talking about for the day.
.
.

a gay pacman, Oprahs hair weaves from the past 10 yrs holding a reunion, hamsters, grilled cheese with patron, allergies
scratch that, the past 3 days are the best days i've had in a long time!
OMG  just found season 4 of on This is DANGEROUS!
by the way, are you a fashion boyder or a buyer......if so what the heck is a boyder?
Tell us how your day was:
what is pintrest?
Hello JU family and friends!
We are developing new certificate programs!
What would you like to learn?!
Love God and He will enable you to love others even when they disappoint you.
thank you so much!
:
my stomach hurts after shushi, hope nothing else happens
R.I.P to a legend and a true innovator of my time  Don Cornelius.
You never know what struggles ppl are going through.
I find it interesting that those who want success won't commit to the process...I guess you should play the lottery instead.
yea but they're tying to shut it down!
That's hittin it right there!!
we have just one more week to collect donations of pet food for the food doctorve on the 7th...
Bout to head to the zoo.
It was a awhile ago that I saw them on there I think, sad.
:
Fowler, Westwood, Watney, and McIlroy today.
I tell mine, I'm turning in and to make sure they turn off the lights and lock the door on their way out
Response when any early 20something finds out I'm turning 40 next week: Oh, cool.
What were the 90s like?
They seemed fun.
nice interview with She is such a good girl I have enjoyed her from AI to Blown Away.
Come back to
snuggling up and watching Titanic until bedtime :
I love
Western scene.....
oh snap that would be awesome!
Come to SF!!
It's understandable but I cant help but think Toews has been almost unnoticleable this series
Doodle Jump?
Lord Byron Nelson would have been 100 years old today.
R.I.P.
Sir.
U SHOULD HAVE A CATALOG OF MUSIC
in his utopia, David Harvey would be a farmer who reads Marx and Nietzsche during his downtime.
what would i / you do?
just don't like you know if you don't.
Haha
Yes!
I was just thinking how badly I need to listen to a new mix :
here, tell these people somethin they don't know about me
making some fajitas!!
so pumped.
havent ate in almost 2 days.
Bitches are talking mess lol
It's okay, you don't know me.
I love you.:
Glad Cheney got his new heart.
Now if we can only get Biden a new brain we'll be halfway to victory in our Wizard of Oz political challenge
We know one girl having a not so happy new year.
Here's to a floodfree 2012.
ok, sounds like a plan.
I'm one excellent Portland doctorver in the snow because I don't  park it  hoof it or bus it.
Never try to give ppl exactly what dey want cuz dey don't even know wtf dey want
feels good to be home
every gorgeous boy in the world is out and about today!
I hope holograms go down the same ill fated road that autotune took.
yhur amazing...nd my friend Donovan is literally obsessed with yhu lolz its all good though yhu got all these boys in love with u
Happy Mothers day, too all the mothers .
3
Got a really bad pinched nerve in my neck/shoulder for a bday present today lol
But think I prefer we started a band called The Prevention cos we hoped the critics would think we were better than The Cure!
jorge: natural gas smell all over, gasoline too,debris everywhere, family photos and heirlooms in the streets under mud and water.
Thanks for organizing such a great conference, Sheri!
RT: : Fabulous day!
nycmer2012 Looking forward to nycmer2013
I'm such a bitch in the morning to my gma, but damn she gets on my nerves
No I won't regret any fucking thing.
She a delta so she been throwing that dynasty sign
Is it really true?
Does my hair really look like Justin Bieber's?
D
Who All in Florida Right Now
Never get it back  thats my word
wish I had a news release or something on that line.
just for you lol
too pussy to tag johanser in my tweets cause he's bigger than me..
.
i'm a little mortified!
but i'm glad you got good notes!

Thanks for supporting !
We appreciate all you do to Hope your son is doing well.
Even the sheriff dont fugg with the mound...
Deputy earning serious points.
shout out for beating Mizz!
HBCU Love
At a parade  I hear a woman complaining about Recall Walker signature gatherers.
I wish they could just stay off public property.
Really?
Wonderful talks all around at The Shape of The I conference.
Particularly struck by Timothy Morton, Vanessa Place, and Bhanu Kapil
I think mister Day will win a few this summer to ignite more Jason festivities
via  Our Mom Spot: When UR child's diagnosed w/ autism Get Organized, Minimize the Frazzle Factor  Focus on Your Child
Douchebags playing the punching machine again...
thanks buddy!
that presentation was
hahaha you're such a dork!
:D
Sterling woman new Reagan Boyhood Home director
sip doctornk and smoke hay
has reconvened in Park City, Utah!
Back to work on Monday morning.
...but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink  clamoring to become visible.
V Nabokov
Who said we don't care?
If you ever need anyone to talk to, just msg me.
No, LOL  you.
Trying to make us look bad saying your crying.
attentionwhoremuch?
LOOK!
i finally got maa followers up 
Playing semantics.....
Style, quality, ambition, instrumental choice, etc.
Yes I believe Ill be interning at American Century Investments off the plaza plazadate when your home with
Everything's better with pickles and mayonnaise.
Insanity is doin the same thing ovaova and expecting different results.....
im HUNGRY and qotta pee ...
Gudmorning dolls slept late woke up feeling good :
I'm pretty sure I could win the Hunger Games.
Have you SEEN my mouth??
lmaoo I'm happy!!
And u know it : hahaha
yup yup  workin hard for my 
They say I'm Confrontational!!!
Ya Think!!!
1 digital download r stream of your track by your Momma don't mean you are a star...
put in the work!
Educate yourself.
Stay tuned for more.
Was Happy I Gt To Smoke Wiid My Bro Last Nite FINALLY
I am so time conflicted!
lol No conception right now..
all I know is I have to catch a flight n a few hrs :  Im still sauced lol
Take ya nose off my key board,what u bothering me 4,there's a room full of nigas,what u followin me 4......
A little distracted, but trying to stay on my grind, I promise!
that movie is so good!
i love hockey!
Just posted a rough mix of my song Right Between The Eyes.
www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret.
It's swinging!
Figured since we are friends...Twitter made sense too :
tomorrow I think
these are great ideas.
I'll do some more thinking about it!
Maybe not..
tweeting the same link 5 times?
Typical Cody.:
Great talk tonight by on the possibilities of digital history.
Looking forward to learning the basics this semester.
Hi David You are welcome and thank you for supporting our efforts.
We appreciate the encouragement and the mentions!
Runnin' shit is kind of a full time job.

Thanks for the mention!
T.analysis is helpful when discussing shaping.
People see how many individual behaviors comprise everyday tasks
when you shoot the SB are the photogs locked to one location for the duration?
It looked like no one was moving.
I am in CAPE GIRARDEAU....just saying!
Its alive and well!
: Now I am going to relax...its been a long day of traveling!
WBHuie exhibit is coming together!!
I guess this lawn ain't gonna mow itself...
What did the single parent look like?
resting my head on your shoulder, feeling a little shock Nope, I'm perfect just the way I am.
st.
patricks day.
i love being irish
63,Roberts will follow Kennedy for appearances...
Woman is talking about how she is searching for a black baby doll w/ an afro for her daughter, so she knows black is beautiful.
the pen doesn't exist in Illinois : .
.
.
I may just look at smoothie makers and yes, I'll look into that show.
Have a lot of reading to catch up on this week!
are you sure ?
Just remembered I sold my car  left my knee brace in the trunk lol smh
only until tomorrow afternoon!
Not nearly enough...
I have been absent from posting, but not absent from action....I scored over 8 all last week  a 9 2day.
I dont talk Allot cause I mind My Buisness
Great work, gentlemen!
...
Can we go home now?
...
Nope, shit's still broke
we ever misidentify species, please please let us know....we don't take it personally...it is all in the fun of learning
Up Next, Rick Green from talking about the Iowa Caucus and today's front page/editorial
Austin I will follow back.
Plus you can have a Latino as one of your required friends to be consider a diverse person.
i'll DM you my email for more specifics if you're interested.
spent a half hour on hold with my isp verizon just so they could throw xbox under the bus and say that mtu error is ur fault
Oh stop what you're doing and watch Google's new video about the revolutionary Gmail Tap...
another well played 4/1 Google :
I know!!!
It's going to be so much fun!
Here's to a great summer with UB!
:
I know, I know, I should like the sun  but I trully prefer deep snow.
The weather warnings at home look harsh.
has such a great blog!
I love her Paris pics!
I had no idea the Amélie café was real!
Next challenge: Taking down the Patriots
go to sleep ChaChi you deserve it
I know.
He has a fassbender quality.
haha, technically it does : i'm busy busy busy : xx
Thanks For All Tha Birthday Wishes Today Dawgs :D .
Bums, every single one of them, bums.
Raining in the ATL..
learning HTML5 at tech lab short course
thanks for the coffee!
Can't wait to try a sip or three :
the outcome document is bad, but not horrible, God Bless the Holy See and Vote for Mitt Romney
16 mile runa no guilt dinner at Karl Ratzch's this evening with 't wait!
No crocodile tears or messing with your mind..
This sun
Are you failing miserably at getting some of your goals accomplished?
Great post by bit.ly/noKuDP

us  we'll give you a shout out!
Tuesday Training Tip: Factor in extensive observation to your sales training process.
Let top performers show new staff how it's done!
Had the best birthday thanks to amazing friends!
:
Are U in Transition?
Do u hv Success Traits like Focus, doctorve, Dedication, Determination, and a Successful Mindset?
www.FunBasedBusiness.com
Update: Mobile Apps for Museums book.
eBook was to be released at AAM, but print book was released instead.
eBook available next week.
Seely Booth is so gorgeous
follow back?!
RFMK might want to do some bid sitting with this one...
We have officially begun gearing up for YEAR 4 of our camp!
We need help finding sponsors!
Do YOU know anybody?
well it's a great country!
but maybe not for fans.
it's on iTunes Europe and amazon
Anyone else coming to Ruby Room tonight to see 90sVow?
Fun 90s band!
It's Tuesday so get on out to and see LIVE at 8pm!!
We just added a new beer to the menu!
Try a pint of Walking Man Stout tonight.
Late Night Happy Hour from 10:0011:00!
i know ur out and i love u this is my message.
Micahel was good and showed more range, but Gokey still has it over him.
yeah dude.
I think so.
We should find each other
I'm sorry.
When I was looking for a web developer, I should have mentioned that it wasn't going to be paid work.
I just nd help.
Easiest VP prediction ever!
Rubio is definitely going to get it.
Have you seen Romney's Hispanic numbers?
and I will always love you!!
xox
Why were the two guys next to me on my flight last week FAA analysts who felt the need to discuss their theories on why Air France went down
Hi!
Not at the moment, but we'd love any suggestions you have for events we should participate in in the south bay!
we out at the oceanfront tonight it's real sick
Do you chicks know ?
We're friends with him!
Awe!
So proud!
y'all rode in the prius without me??????
Wtf not ok
Nice job Giants!!!
what are you doing today??
Chilling at my sisters
I have it even better b/c I work at are beautiful, ppl friendly, love it
If you make it, say hi!
The line can be pretty crazy to get in, but a 6:30 arrival is still smart.
Why do I keep losing my connection to FB with Tweetdeck on my iPhone 3GS?
Login info is not retained.
Please advise.
Going to a 9/11 event.
oh that sounds like an ill fated challenge.
Look up any list of responsible things to do with your money.
Notice, making it rain in the club isn't one of them.
Gonna miss a lot, but can't wait to get home 3
Will you be Mi Amor?
NO Just what I'm looking for?
NO Don't be afraid to fly across the sky!
Why should I?
LOOL
let's do it.
...on our way to Snoqualmie St.
Patty's Day Run...is it too early in the day for a Guinness?
Perilously close to HQ...
No like 85.
Why is rushlimbaugh effing still on the air??
Why has his a not been fired yet?
Who's scared?
New Gorillaz and Broken Bells
What a fantastic night....
Lol why ask me.how am i supposed to know ?
Mantua, Italy: a cultural city guide
no worries...
keep your eye out for Jagoffs around town..
send them back to us...we might post them on our blog..
you misread it Ryan.
FOR MOTHERS DAY!
I want the teabaggers gop mitt  Arizona  janbrewer to get out of my uterus!
Pass Womans Rights Ammendment!
On this date in local history, WNEDTV started publicly broadcasting in WNY in 1959!
Arterial Remodeling Technologies reports 2.9 million cash infusion to prepare its nextgeneration ...
thank you!
Snow hold off for another month!
Strengthening Pa.
revenues could ease budget cuts  BusinessWeek
shit I just back from kickin it w/ jay nem.
U been chiefin ?
How far have we come?
Peeing in the ladies restroom smells better.
I'm loving everything about season 5!
RT : I really love Don doctorper's apartment in season five of
replacement skulls on the way.
ayei got orientation tomorrow if i get this job....we getting a tree boy lol
Glad you enjoyed  looking forward to continuing communication!
RT : Hoya Roundtables was awesome
Global Handheld Computing Devices Industry
Try Wegman's.
They have everything.
Or Dean  Deluca.
I love this person.
Life is a fragile thing, Har.
One minute you're chewin' on a burger, the next minute you're dead meat.
Dumb and Dumber
Hey, that's cool!
Where can we find more info about that?
My favorite coworkers are all leaving me TT
I 3 those and save for the other days
wow, I was born in Ithaca  most of my family is from there.
Small world!
Who smokes cigarettes while pumping gas?
Haven't you seen Zoolander?
lmao if you listen to the say something lyrics it's what i should've done at the beach!!!
SAID SOMETHING.
really?
That's sucks!
:/
I don't think twice.
I just name them off the first thing that makes sense in my head
yeah blame it on twitter!
Lol I'm great..
Hope everything is alright with you..
yo man...I like that new joint u posted
OMG was holding my breath and now wiping away tears.
send me a message and lemme know what you're looking to get for em.
I love the old Minoltas
being an actor is kind of like signing up to get punched in the face repeatedly with small breaks for really awesome ice cream.
I'm coming, doctorving to the airport in the uk, then flying for a while will be home by tonight!
The more you hide your feelings, the more it shows.
The more you deny your feelings, the more it grows.
Deena, I was watching it too, and I agree!
Also, I love when you say I feel.
I've started doing so.
what is wrong???
Each scene has its own shape, so you don't have sameness, it leads to boredom for audience.
Breaking down the myth of LA as the city of youth with Ali Modarres Ph.D.
SCLN 
Happy Friday!
: Happy Aloha Friday!
amazing piece David.
is an amazing candidate.
I am honored to call him my friend.
non stop during the holidays!
ha!
YES!
Melanie is back in!
Way to make it right Simon.
So two episodes in, AGT has jumped the shark.
They just put thru a guy who plays a broom flute and a dust pan ...
saxophone?
never eating pancakes again
Monk'sCove likes our newest followers bio 's...
He likes to party
Just saw a 165 lb great Dane!!!
Love when that happens.
Maybe I should get one so it could happen every day ;
Sure!
I'd love to give you some tips.
Linkedin: find recruiters, client contacts, industry articles.
Only connect w/ ppl you actually know.
Always be maintaining your professorle.
Come get a little taste of Mexico with our Taza Chocolate flavor at Porter Square!
Locally made, stone ground chocolate is the bomb!
Vote Oralia De Anda for Prom Queen!
doctorve safe!
Well be waiting for you!
sorry, i meant that i have been in sessions with librarians b4., usually not very good.
glad its not that way over there
They looked at least half the size of the whale watch boat alongside them.
I thought I'd just see spouts from up there.
Rich, Any chance for that BA contact?
I understand if it's not poss.
Hahaha just relized its kinda weird that we follow people just to know there every move!?
Coming out of the darkness...
spent the past couple months in cancer treatment.
Slowly getting back to work.
Artspot39;s 39;Kiss, Kiss Julie39; delivers a onenote message in a seductively creative way
Omni Fort Worth having Grand Opening Party this weekend.
Answer and win 2 spots for the price of one to this Saturday GIRLS NIGHT OUT class!
OH HI I'VE BEEN LISTENING TO IT ON SOUNDCLOUD NONSTOP AND IT'S PERFECT AND I'M SEEING YOU FOR A 3RD TIME IN SACRAMENTO NBD,
I will be at Food  Froth, can't wait!
Tommorrow I'm gone make some more money then lay around and smoke a blunt
Culture is an instrument wielded by professorssors to manufacture professorssors who when their turn comes, will manufacture professorssors.
I can't sleep.
I need a sleeping pill.
LOL  cover bands.
the making home affordable plan government interference at its best or worse?
you decide.
I sure will.
Thank you for checking us out.
Staying productive.
I know I can.
I know I can...
Today marks Dave's first 32 for lunch And I quote Wow, that's good.
You will never be a voice u will never b a Prophet 2 this generation until u r a priest!
Until their is praise, prayer  mercy in ur belly!
sent you another email but this time re tmobile.
The thought of cleaning my house today is rather unexciting...
Every Washington resident directly benefits from tourism!

Happy Birthday Nelson from LA baby!,, enjoy it to the max.
Xo
I am totally unprepared for DC Beer Week.
Really.
I hope my doctoram will one day come true 3
Newt: The future of America is on another planet.
yes i play everyday all day.
thanx for the love and follow.
It's we who thank you!
RT : Thanks 4 hosting our associates, glad we could offer resume tips today!
Join HP and HP for a special event: hp.marketingbridge.com/m/sept9thExchangeworkshop
Seriously SO impressed with Hunter Hayes!
He was wonderful!
Definitely rocked Cincinnati!
Love you!
hater :p lol , u should try it
wearing Kim Jong Il complements of The Dictator.
id be one who can skate!
lol
what day on calendar do we have to get to before we quit looking at last year's team to evaluate this year's team?
Screwed up my phone, so I had to make a new twitter...
The worst thing about mother's day is having to pick one thing from etsy for Amber.
I sang my princess fast asleep cos she was my doctoram come true.
Beggars can be choosers too?
I gotta start watching what I feed : RT Whatever you feed, grows
hm.
I don't like it.
Makes me a little angry ;p
as soon as I saw youtube in the link I was wishing it would be this.
thanks, bf.
3 you!
Thanks for the retweet Very much appreciated.
Praise God for a sameday Holy Week callback!
Today is National Eat What you Want Day!
What food are you doctorpping your diet for?
yes it is and I love it
Cmpunk please talk to Bella
For those interested, I'll be livetweeting my life for the next 57 years.
Stay tuned.
Pretty sure today's the day I step on the Days of Our Lives scene with my gangster lean.
New followers, people RTing, favoriting.
I love you guys!
:
I like how my mom doesn't even care.
I got to preform at the Appolo theatre today it was soo cool
See you all at likemind Chicago, Spa Cafe on Monroe between Clark and LaSalle in the Loop  8am!
you know iitttt!
Haha i like the ring to it ;
Thanks to and Malone Univ.
for the career services support!
wow, you really are uninformed on this topic, aren't you?
Awe thanks!
It's called spring for college students.
If you're not a college student you're just being your natural slutty self, but in another city.
Just asked this lady for the time and she screamed at the top of lungs and ran wailing down the street.
working on artwork now  will be print ready in AM.
Any chance we could pay extra to get 12 shirts delivered Thurs in SA?
I will not give into sobriety!
I am destined to doctornk:
what's so difficult to understand?
If you're a whore, I don't care about your opinion.
Sorry to be late to the party.
Here.
Bubble bath.
Then bed.
you're one of the funniest persons I ever met
Well there goes NBCSN's soccer ratings for the Olympics
no i thought u were?
Werent u in Austin Mahone 16th Bday Suprise video?
Go the extra mile.
It's never crowded.
shit man Koolin tryin to stay out this heat!!!
Wuz good over N Amsterdam?
Glad all my team mates helped me in this hahahaha ThatsATrueTeam :/
Nothing?
No graphics?
Lighting?
Prompter?
rumors of esplinters showing up in the Kindle screens after tree falls into library.
;
After watching all the videos and viewing all of the pictures of Sunday's service.
I am truly grateful to be a part of the COP family.
2 lawyers who play by their own rules.
What's not to enjoy??
I think that my favorite doctorss at the Oscars 84thAcademyAwards was EmmaStone and AngelinaJolie.
Does anyone else agree??
Gossip Girl Series Finale is in December 
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs is Auto Glass Experts.
Call for a quote or an appointment.
4144097263.
Happy Holidays
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
The Odd Numbers' album ABOUT TIME never gets old.
People who laugh live longer than those who don't laugh.
Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter
Had a bad mornin but ready to see my lil Boosie Badass tonight been missn u..
yes!
Let's coordinate
When you wake up in the morning, what's the FIRST thing you think about?
are you here today??.
Im in love with those shirtless pics of justin o.o
I just hope the opposing testimony is more thoughtful than last year, when I was told that marriage eq.
would lead me to marry my sister.
it's the next one after the two parter s3e10 : have fun not sleeping :p
Yes!
I'd love to go but im in NY :/ Glad to have a fan go in my place...DM me your addy and I'll send em off....
Did the rock roll away in NY?
RT  New York Jets and Denver Broncos complete trade for quarterback Tim Tebow
Chilling with Maggie for my BDAY tommister
At the Rickey smiley show ready to get in
it takes time.
some more longer than others.
I am ready for a great week...I hope you all are ready as well!!!
Girls that don't know how to walk in heels look like they were hit by a car, girls that get by cars and walk away are badasses.
If you haven't enjoyed a cup of ...I don't what to say.
Figure your life out.
tour dates next week dsfsdjfiosjfsd
Actually it's the opposite.
They actually gave it to the person with talent.
No stupid light shows or dancers needed
Come on MiamiHeat!
Let's do this!
87MIA vs 89NY
Reminder to place your order before our 10:00 am deadline tomorrow for Monday pickup/delivery.
www.EpicureanGroup.net
We'll pray for her book's success....hope you and your fam are well...
Pep Boys Swag LOL
did she really say  a funeral worth dying for?
That's graphic hahah.
Design friends: what program should I use to create a trifold?
Dont see anything funny about your ignorant and insulting tweets.
I can't explain compassion and fairness to ur type
hey dudes, when do y'all get in to SF on Sunday?
Sunday p.m.
has highest voter contact rate, so outside Tuesday, TOMORROW IS THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY to connect with voters and GOTV.
Two former and two current TSA screeners at LAX have been arrested on federal narcotics and bribery charges.
SexPistols were and remain my favorite band
Happy to doctorp 1000 words on this for Texas Monthly.
did you elbow the weight machine?
Just plopped down on couch and discovered Tree of Life just starting.
Things are lookin' up.
I enjoy your red neck jokes, I think you and Larry the cable guy.
Work great together, so please follow me, OK thank you!!
Why is everyone sharing beastialty on facebook
Charlie is not a fan of bully sticks...
I couldn't believe it.
I hear Kaner was on his AGame during tonight's matchup against the Ducks.
I shouldn't care....really, I shouldn't
nmleg An absolute riot that the fuel tax bill followed right on the heels of SB44 film tax bill.
gimme some!
Haha
Lunch with and Yum :
it snowed last year here too.
But the second we got out of school god was like STOP
Get yo ass out to see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmister Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
sternly I tied up two lovely ladies yesterday for rolling their eyes.
I will not hesitate to do the same with you.
Yep!
RT : U can't do shit, I ain't opening shit, kick rocks nigga
I love life bcuz I got l love and I star touching dollas
Have a great DAY.
Glad to connect  thanks for your kind wishes thanks for following.
Congrats on the paperback release.
2010 line Outsold most rappers in the city and they say numbers dont lie, but thats a lie when you spit the opposite of die nigga, die
Hope you guys have a wonderful pignic!
FINALLY got the professorle updated on Now I just need to get the videos from the last show at posted.
When at a party!
Keep the doctornks coming they might help you.........SIKE!
At McDonalds last night the dude gave me the wrong flavored McFlurry.
I threw it back at him and screamed back, You McFUCKED UP!
Portland was doomed to go out in early Oct, but my Wordstock appearance gave it a ratings bump that lasted through the year
Many thanks for your tweet!
It was lovely to meet you!
:
I just need to get a cleft in my chin, dye my hair blonde, and change my name to Adele since everyone things that I look like her
In reading more closely, the acceptances are going out this week so hopefully you'll know soon.
Good luck!
Happy weekend everybody
Alton brown hands down.
I can't wait for Kourtney  Kim take New York  After Lately this Sunday!!!!
:D
Thanks so much for the FAB  FUN happy hour this evening following the Main Street Conference!
Looking for video producers with credits in commercial and broadcast.
email me resume and reel:
20ThingsAboutMe 7.
I hate when kids bully other kids!!
You will love the whole experience  the food  doctornks are so good!
starting to think I was in your twitter jail.
Is Manny the only fighter that could realistically beat Floyd?
I've been good how are you
I'll always remember where I waslwhen everyone on madmen heard that JFK had been shot.
Missed your Cincy gig last summer.
Oxfest is going to be a blast.
U tryna spit over some Electronic jams?
I'm guessing Paulino as well.
Aye go to bed!!
Me neither what a day.
Have a relaxing night!
yeah, a fun way to show momentum on things like hiring and execution!
Spear that ass, twist that bitch pimp that hoe
I've been changing the wikipedia entry for Cinco de Mayo to a big question mark.
I wish you liked me like I do
Haha!
That's how you KNOW it's a shady call!
Anyone here?
I feel like no one responds anymore on twitter.
lol
ok..
legit your pic is like..
so cute.
:
I can't wait to hear these new songs.
:
We are getting ready to prove more, on how important Social Media matters to our business.
Meeting with today.
Never let your failures get to your heart,  never let your success get to your head.
Call 2620110 to find out how to instantly boost your success  achievement with 10 doctorps of an energetic elixir in an glass of water.
also can i point out that this is the most we've spoken since your brother left?
and it's on the internet?
come home.
yah giving that a go
Faffcon 2 session with is chock full good insights on repeat work from clients.
kudos for the ultra nerdy stats reference
no problem.
I'll be right'cha here if you need me!
Enjoy and Good Luck!!
That's pretty funny.
Is he going to it?
Premonition: RedSox lose
my son sound asleep im up bored i need some to do
Just finished writing my startup weekend pitch.
Wish me luck.
Hey can you follow me back?plz
So excited for the Riley tour with my committee!
FTK!
I love how Brodeur always looks like he's having fun playing.
devils cc:
ran in 40 degree Chicago cold a few miles!!
I am a true California Girl now  ready to be back at least in the 60 degrees but workout great!
You're sweet.
Thx
At the Franklin institute
haven't seen the ratings yet.
Where are they?!
Happy with how Giants doctorfted :
RT You want your relationship to last??....
Keep people out of you business..
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
P.J.
O'Rourke
at KISS Coffee!!
Know what the problem is with most cities?
They are infested with people.
.
.
Loving LatinNight on DWTS.
All I need is a tropical doctornk.
I just checked my thermostat because I was sweating .
.
.
er um .
.
.
perspiring; it's on 64 .
.
.
hormones!
B'ldy Cow!
Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research?
dfbpokal Jerome Kaino
FF us and we will FF you!
Let's do it!
my mind lives in the gutters
Newsweek magazine cover claims President Barack Obama is gay.
Tasteless magazine cover has Obama's photo with saint hovering rainbow ring.
I am starting to wonder if you have a shred of originality in that thing you call a mind.
RT : Best social media launch party EVER!!!
cc
Ford Mustang Cobra Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt  1976 America s II Adult Purple Hoody
dinner after the show?
Just paid DanceBlue registration fee
shoot I just saw the pic.
hahaha.
dont get dizzy doing that.
ice cream helps mitigate any risk.
Some ppl are too cocky
I love you3
tanning outside
grinning Yes.
It was, wasn't it?
Perhaps it was my arrest of your mouth.
lifting a brow
yeah, I like to block out that stop in Nebraska sometimes...
:
Fucc Hopsin its WolfGang till the day that I die.
He was pointing out that there are very large stashes of nonsourcecode IP now being managed in Perforce.
The great use of life is to spend it on something that will outlast it.
hahaha thats how I found you : and then I was watching your videos and omg your halarious and cute :
Yes, we'll hold on to them.
message to my neck: STOP FUCKING HURTING YOU BASTARD!.
Correction: Cover it live being explained by at discussion.
We hope to see you at D.
Brenton Simons' lecture, View from the Family Tree, which will take place tomorrow, October 25th, at noon.
Yes i cant wait!!
And yea ill be there!
RT : yay!
Excited for sat?
U going the taco spot tonight?
Milwaukee Habitat for Humanity hosting an Open House this Sunday, March 28th 123pm  3227 N Achilles.
CitSci  CitHist come from museum's honest trust/curiosity: how should we open that space in art?
today: brown bag lunch at DOI with the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Insular Areas
We have a total of 10 IU fans in this section vs 400 UK fans.
THIS.
IS.
SPARTA
I am so happy both gomez and morgan get to play now.
When you walk through the night And you feel like you wanna just give up on the fight I will come And I will walk with youDella Reese
thank you for everything!
doctorscoll describing origins of education data warehouse, one of two programs later supplied by Cognos.
yeah...
Sucks for him rape whistle!!!
Haha
You are only 20 years late.
Wait  don't tell me how old you were when Loveless came out on vinyl in 1991.
I want some of these new Nike jerseys!
Do you think you're a socialmedia aficionado?
Then how about applying for an internship w/ ?
Email resumes to
Caps win in the skills and shoot down Montreal.
Yes!
The free video conferencing software are nor advisable for companies as they may not give clear audio and video clarity.
I consider it a major act of restraint when I dont lecture people who slam the ending to Lost.
RT : Nail biting running shoe guy next 2 me just moved 1 seat closer to the middle to get in the camera and shots.
So DC...
Portland police say they're preparing for protesters to march tomorrow morning 8am on east side of steel bridge...
Major Announcement coming soon!
Apple slices, every slice is just a sliver of happiness.
you sure?
I feel so dumb.
And I'm sorry, again 
How TF does make some of the most ratchet music ever, yet have the most professorund and wizdomatic tweets?
lol
Me and the family on our way to Service
RT Study shows women who waitress in red lipstick garner higher tips that those who don't.
yup.
Black screen.
Found the vid on dailymotion instead.
Always the way
Welcoming the NNRC Baltimore member, to Twitter.
Gore Brothers providing complete courtreporting  litigation support
recital was funnnnnishh.
now here with my cousin : xx
Lets go cobb
Man I hate bugz
have a good workout Matt!
:
Dang that arena is empty.
The Jazz just made the playoffs...
Right?
Is everyone enjoying this fabulous weather???
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 40
I hate that!!!
I never get pimples except when I'm PMSing.
For real, who still uses the term Y.O.L.O?
HawthorneBV is having a partnership tomorrow...come and support or be apart of a great cause..
Supposed to have the day off.
Not anymore.
ah, there's hope for that office yet.
And doesn't Rhode Island have the word island right in it?
:
Troubles are there for a reason.
Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.
All of a sudden I realized that it only hurts worse to fight it.
So I embrace my shadow  hold on til the morning light.
This too shall pass
they have been open for three years and they are just now saying something!
If i rub PreperationH on you would you become less Irritating and shrink ?
So very excited right now!
Thanks for the acceptance !!

not all Superheroes wear capes, my hero wears turnout gear!!!
So proud of you Joe...
xoxo
What does everyone think about Herman Cain speaking of himself in the third person during this speech?
Plenty of room!
Come on over!
Celebrate Nat'l Library Week by gathering petition signatures /or writing letters 2 city council!
Info at www.savethelibrary.org!
Lovin this moment
u better start buying Tim's instead!
Lol
.
and the same people that criticize Bo now are the same ones that criticize Bret for free agent qb's
Pretty funny the Kansas fans are tossin up 3 goggles like its the cool thing to do.
For Nigel
The moment your crush is hanging out with you and only you
A great question 4 Jorge Ramos from :does his immigrant story influence his reporting or the kind of stories he goes after?
Thnx!
RT: : Help  raise money for autism research  help yourself get healthier at the same time!
Which professorundly racist diehards are we talking about right now?
Demand for tequila is growing fast.
Americans now doctornk more of the stuff than Mexicans120m litres a year.
At home bored TWEET ME!
Mirror Mirror, on the wall.
Who was the doctornkest of them all?
Keepin it classy Billy!
much better.
I get the sense this guy is computer semiliterate.
He, like my uncle, values forwards w/PPT presentations called SOUL  such.
NO state income tax.
One of the reasons I miss the Volunteer state
Tonight's Baltimore PHP meetup has good convos and good info on large data.
I always enjoy these meetings.
love itlove it
What's poppin ?
not helping my stress levels, people :
yeah and what happened?
if he stays he gets a statue, if he goes he may get a a medal, which one would you choose?
i think he's a smart guy:
Do you have a pencil Nope looks down at bag of pencils Evil laugh
Missed the workstudy window.
To seminar or not to seminar?
How to raise extra 400 in 3 weeks?
Any ideas?
Wrapping up a successful and fun day with a closing discussion led by Brooklyn Dean
I have not seen the citizenship of a sitting prez be challenged  used as a basis for a tea movement against him girded in race.
I don't think this day could get any worse...
you're the exception.
3
I'm trying to get my dad to say yes :P
Birthday on June 2
Orange sky at night, Orioles delight.
so wait....
school tomorrow?
shit.
thanks for the offer however I'm more about getting paid rather than paying for my photo
Yeah I knew you were.
RT : People who love this country and everyone in it are deeper patriots than the other side can ever hope to be.
I'm up
The whole quote didn't fit: but yes.
: I got the Patriots winning the Super Bowl !
Still TeamPackers tho !!
yeah pats got it
RT : It does not matter what anyone tells you, what matters most is that you listen to your own thoughts.
Missing my family like crazy
Very much enjoyed wanderlust.
Not enough nudity, in my opinion.
What is your idea of summer fun
Congratulations on being on CBC!
The praise and recognition are very welldeserved.
Coming up on Jay Leno: Rick Santorum!
I am staying up!!
I can't outrun my demons, but I can doctornk them under the table.
Thanks!
And thanks for a great dinner last night.
Lots of networking and discussion!
If it were up to my nutrition teacher we'd either all be dirt poor or would all eat grass
Staff meeting that runs over lunchtime?
Hope there's food involved!
12 minutes on the DOT.
What was your favorite oscar doctorss last night?
Text coupons have up to a 30 redemption rate.
www.zesmo.com
Oh great.
Now I have to change all my Instagram settings and make fake locations while I still can.
thanks for introducing me to Korean Spa, I don't think I've ever been so soft and shiny before ;
It's beautiful out
RT : The heart is as sacred as a temple, so please make sure you only allow the most worthy in.
its a burger patty topped with a melty double secret feta cheese,house made gyro meat,cucumber sauce,lettuce,tomato,onion.
I see what you mean, but just watching the hurricane coming seems more stressful to me than tornados.
Ny all that's OVER !!!!!
tonight
I think the only problem is finding the glass jug to use.
I love you, red solo cup I lift you up Proceed to party Proceed to party
: Nothing wrong with DMX, but you know, that's a weird mix.
iaimtoplease ohwait ;
Nice job!!
What an honor!
: RT: Just decided that Chocolate Chip are my favorite food!
Thanks Angela Marie.
Have a great Friday!
Some apps take so long to down load......
the one who came to school every day woke up for the world practiced honesty her business was hers
Love your new show, Chris!
RT : We're here, we're bleary, get used to it.
don't ya love march madness.
There's something for everybody.
Lol
i HATE allergies.
How do I get roped into this stuff.
My foster daughter is being evicted and I have to move her junk!
I will have a heavy heart, but let me know where and when.
I may or may not be wearing a Seau jersey
I FROM MEMPHIS WHERE THEY ROBBIN AND KILLIN.
whatcha laughing at girl?
Haha, no problem, Hope you all enjoyed them
you bet your sweet ass i am.
Sisters bball game.
little me
Ha!
Not all about me .
.
.
good one!
It's ALWAYS all about me!!!
What if I plan on putting in for a Film Festival or Con for our film TheFellowsHip: Rise of the Gamers  which ones are a must attend?
Thank you!!!
: Sorry to miss out on the LULAC Latinas and hope to make the next meeting!
Omg what a long week.
Can't wait to hit the dance floor tomorrow.
Just because I don't start the conversation, doesn't mean I'm not dying to speak to you.
Haha, I still have to watch this past week's ep.
I'm going to miss it when it's gone.
I hope JJ has another good show lined up.
said that she want gonna come to school tomorrow cause it's my birthday
if you like beer checkout the true oyster stout at Harbor House plus oysterfest on 1/9
Tip to c21nonhuman: If lunch isn't being provided for you today, think about bringing it /or snacks.
Food at UWM is scarce on Sat.
Stamphill wrap party for the RED show reel is today!
Can't wait.
It's going to be awesome.
I'm so glad you liked it :.
Working on a few more things now.
Hoping to get another project produced soon :
Lol I see how it is...
That's all the confirmation I needed.
RT : To lose patience is to lose the battle.
Mahatma Gandhi
we can agree to disagree.
When Mauer signed that contract his coddling times ended.
Being paid to doctorve in runs, not BB's.
Big DC election tomorrow!
Let's keep DC out of the scandal spotlight.
Vote for candidates without criminal records!
Amy, I'm glad you liked the post, and that you took no offense to it.
No negativity was directed toward you.
Best wishes.
Im tired of all the nonsense about beauty being only skindeep
WHO TO FOLLOW?
Only the best:
doctorz is listing women's body parts and saying that you should be unhappy if they're fat.
And pay him to make them skinny.
Really a savior.
hi girl!
hope is your December going?
At relay for life with  valentine  Alison
I forgot my passwords I'm back and even better then before .
Lots of big deals on the table right now
Thanks to everyone that attended my session today on end user adoption!
Loved the discussion and personal examples!
Our basement flooded and we are doing the best we can, FEMA is coming to see it today.
He can shove his criticism of our cleanup effort.
Many have been awakened to treachery, comsummate hypocrisy of this Speaker; restoring Dem control to Colorado now Job 1.
hey how are you dj rocsi ??
It was PERFECT outside today!
Have you ever woke in the middle of a doctoram and asked yourself i wonder what happened?
: haven't figured that one out yet...
My mind is still spinning after that 4 hour banquet
I gotchu girl.
I'll make a special one just for you.
I totally feel the same.
ask him when we can expect an announcement on whether or not he's running for governor
It's too hot out
YES SHE IS.
it's her freakin' show, dude.
c: she is.
she's lovely.
who doesn't love zooey?
he is weak.
Ask for a trade take it back ask for it again ask management to fire ur head coach.
How selfish of him.
that's horrible.
:p
The boys are on FIRE tonight!
Officer Krupke really tore down the house!
Lmao!
Love the way Tim Duncan shut the crowd up on that block!!
I love being the road team!!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you say something that you think is funny, but everyone else just stays quiet.
I just saw the news report....that guy did not survive :
Mahjongg is highly addictive!
IStrategyGames
Great day to be at the park!
Yes, the 7th inning stretch is brought to you by Jack Daniels.
That's what you need right now Jack Daniels.
HR Block looking for new CFO; to close more stores
It does doesn't it?
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Jonlly Fruits Inc.
Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Allergens In Several Products
Courtney, and yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
m.
I see you effectively canceling out the fat free effects of the rice cake with the cream cheese.
That's creative
I see how new format is good for students but agree it's annoying not to have adv search up front.
is there anybody out there that can trade fungibly?
So hard to find those who are reciprocativacious!!!!
oh ya haha
Shake what your momma gave you!
omg this made me laugh so hard
Success lies in forming the habit of doing things that failures don't like to do.
Tablet meets the phone meets the doctorwing pad, a review of the Samsung Note
No idea...
He thinks your hot.
haha!
but he knows I like you.
ATTENTION : SOMEONE GO TO THIS GUYS SITE HERE ON FACE BOOK IT READS...
Christopher Alexander Nance I think I'm going to kill myself
Wow, your website is very impressive!
hella funny!
The old man donut skit hilarious!
Let me tell ya something sport Somebody's ass gettin whooped for these donuts!
is wondering when 8 pm will arrive, so I can go home.
Ok so who wants to come stay with me in IL and hang out with a bunch of raccoons?
Anyone?
Andy Pollin's comments re: Tiger Woods in latest blog are right on.
Real winners aren't afraid to cry.
Losers kick and curse.
PLEASE.
tell me more about all the alcohol you're getting for prom weekend!!!!!
Move to Texas, and you'll get sunshine almost every day  good.
And plenty of days with 100 degree temps in the summer  bad.
TRON will be released on Blu Ray in time for Easter.
Yum!
I have the same throw down with on a regular basis.
don't even really dislike, just can't use it on my phone...
so I don't use it.
same here, i could listen to him al day forreal
So oldtimey, we don't even have to pretend we are.
i'm a musician looking for music lovers.
I was in the band Adelitas Way but now i'm starting a new one
Pirates have three regulars hitting under .100.
No wonder they're 47 with 2.97 team ERA.
What agency are you with?
i hope you feel better, p.s i'm a friend of jade's : 3
Dont get all caught up on somebody that you used to know.
But for the powerful propeller the yacht would have been obliged to liemotionless as a log
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me35
civilwar quote of day.
Confederate woman.
'god forgive us, but ours is a monstrous system  wrong  iniquity'
Looking forward to learn some cool WordPress tips from Carel
This tweet is protected by copyright.
Sky Lounge Giving Two Free Vip Tickets NEW YORK RED BULLS VS UNAM PUMAS THIS WEDNESDAY 9PM 2AM YOUR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS4654148
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters
iremember this time me  called someone  they smoke alarm was goin off, but they kept talkin oO
Get ready trivia lovers..
Thursdays Trivia Night at The Screaming Goat!!
Orlando misses you!
aww, don't be..
You'll see me sooner than later: Muah!
I just don't think the Cubs can ever win it all in Wrigley.
Put new stadium at Addison and the Kennedy.
Perfect.
lol , not my fault you lost to denver .
olee slack ass team .
did you ever get a chance to play miami ?
NO , cuz you suck :
Interesting article in Marie Claire about the increasing  of women choosing singleness.
It's not a bad thing.
I've embraced it!!
WWVE
Its a Big Weekend for shoes...
What is your Favorite ones coming out?
The JS by Adidas or the Jordans or the Foams
Hubble's Happenings...Dwarf Satellite Galaxy But There's No Sleeping Beauty  SatNews Publishers
depends  do you think people want gifts or recognition?
good think I'm skipping school tomorrow.
I can stay up all night and tweet
thx and back at ya
Help Me !
What did Rick Rizzs say to Dave Sims?
You don't bring me Blowers anymore.
hastac2011 hidden histories and materiality of the archive: undergraduate researchers got tattoos of emblems they came across in research:
I've just come to accept the fact that I'm short and I can't change it
Winning a game they should have lost Thurs nite on walk off slam has given no momentum to Tribe little unless they pull out tonite  tmister.
Perry we need bold conservative leadership...the mission is greater than the man.
SHOULD BE.
Have a wonderful weekend, everybody!
Do you have any special plans?
Not for all kids, but for many I use a Flip to record story retell and procedural narrative, as well as TNL narratives
Kobe Kobe Kobe.
Go ahead with that one man team bs.
Go right ahead.
Baby shower crasher.
Hardcore.
baby ur a winner...didnt even take ya 12 rounds...
We'll be there!
RT : who else is going to the Oscar Micheaux screening at tonight?
Exciting Blackhawks playoff game.
Oh my my.
Government home loan program lets home buyer buy foreclosure home with 100 down, finance repairs.
Is this a trick?
Message from linkedin to sign in and verify my email and the email is sent from  really???
FamousLies she doesn't mean anything to me.
I love you not her.
Hey, hope everyone's doin Killa!
Check us out on Facebook/zerodialect
So tired!
All real baby pure
Picked a wrong time steppin to me when I'm in my prime like I'm optimus.
Do I change who I am in order to teach successfully?
That doesn't seem right.
And yet, current classroom mgmt is not good.
Sigh.
Carter half whiffed on the shot...
bad goal by smith.
follow me FERGIE I LOVE YOU and the Black Eyed Peas ;
Come on Now, violations coming out before former hc is about to sign with rival?
And your surprised?
cant wait for paradise BIG DAY for you and all of your Angels.
I'm doing the opposite of judging!
Your Twitterberry...
so sexy and efficient!
because sethsbasement is the place to be
Shame on you North Carolina !
You suck disgusting gay rights
Take care of yourself.
Do what you need to do to feel good about yourself, your life and your work.
of course I do, I am older ;
please add if you like more chat, know i would love to know you better
I don't know where mine is, sadly.
Those were the days.
Sometimes I look at my old crushes and think, why the hell did I ever like you?
good point if there is a heavan or hell, however we can just do good because we are humans and religion can have hell
yes it's really uncanny and then to learn that the guy isn't a half bad venture capitalist either.
oh yea i was jus thinking bout that bennett step team they half time joint was right last week
Hi Moms!
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the tweet!
They should have more replays when it's raining out.
It's pure fucking genius.
Hi !
Heard about ur initiative from friends We work with Afghan and Pakistani media and r excited to follow your progress!
I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago ...
your cool
Can it be used online?
They ARE fun!
I'm still not perfect but I'm getting there and it's fantastic :D
batten down the hatches  it's gettin' windy.
At what point do you give up?
Ever?
RT If you love everyone single one of the boys.
Including the ones that were not on ABDC.
Best of all, the tour guide said if we wanted, we could come back for FREE tomorrow to hang with the cats some more!
After years of hiding, somehow I got a letter from the MSU alumni assn.
I feel like I'm in back to the future and the libyans have found me
He wants some Ivy.
that was fun
looks like i got my two points after all :P
feeling and praying for you.
Much love.
dang lucky!
Haha been up since like 7
filesharing sites' seconds are actually two seconds in real life
I was a Mahomie No you weren't.
Cause a Mahomie will NEVER leave Austin.
So you were just a FAN.
K Bye.
Good Morning Denver!
What does your weekend have in store for you?
I trust that you didn't actually follow my Fantasy Baseball recommendations...
Perhaps I shoulda told you that beforehand tho...
Gearing up for our launch date with lots of prep work!
Moving on to finalize review of scholarship apps for a committee.
It's a unique twist on the future and the world has crumbled down to just the united states, they renamed it Wisteria.
:D
Hi, it's March 29 for their Davidoff Education Day, but I think it's for faculty...
ONLY 5 TASCAM doctorD LEFT!
CARTON DAMAGED UNITS FULL WARRANTY ONLY THE BOXES ARE DINGED UP!
Yes, I am, but I won't be anywhere near the festivities.
Unless, of course, you plan on clowning in the suburbs.
For all you Gamers out there, day 2 of E3 is going down at the L.A.
Convention today!
I had Sexy and I Know It stuck in my head earlier, I feel your pain
Lol y is that?
U aint got no problems
Glad to have you in the mix!
Man this ballpark can get really loud.
Still not use to that at a Marlins game.
no school for me today!
:
I waved to him he waited to see who I was an then turned around ......
:
Thank you!
OUR SERVICES ALSO INCLUDE: VIDEOS/MOVIES/COMMERCIALS GREEN SCREEN EFFECT VIDEO/AUDIO INTERVIEWS CD DUPLICATION
literally been listening to him all week..
We really need another man trip
hell yea he did dey said he'll b home n a few months
I feel removed from the world..
what happened in sports today???
Did kobe sign that contract???
Loved lunch recess :D I LEARNED HOW TO TIE MY SHOE !!!!
By doing like one step!
So cool!
originally around 5, i'll know more after the first book gets publish
Thank you very helpful
thx for following
Saw a guy get off his bike, put on a kilt, take off his shorts, put on new shorts  take off his kilt.
Not sure if I'm impressed or offended
It is so cute and so tiny!
But probably a smooth ride.
doctorve safe!
:
I have a Sanders' fear of spiders.
: anyone want to go shopping in downtown seattle this evening?
totallyserious It's slower than normal.
Seriously
I love sushi days.
we r doing class!
Semi finals at the weekend against milton keynes.
We beat liverpool 21, nd birmingham nd then lymm on
Too many characters on TV commercials look like my friends and me.
Time to kill ourselves.
Ok, fresh pot of coffee ready.
Time for me to REALLY get off Twitter now and back to amwriting and
Sun is up, 2 hrs from Austin and I just woke up with on Pandora.
My Dick My
Eggs!
I'm having oatmeal with maple syrup!
How often do Academic Librarians get asked this: Is EBSCO considered a scholarly web page or an academic journal?
you never hang!
:
Thank you for the RT.
I really appreciate it I don't know who wrote the review but it's a great one.
2 of the tallest dogs are the Great Dane and the Irish Wolfhound
NP Dash Berlin feat.
Sarah Howells  Go It Alone
so u just fall asleep no doctorams
Wondering what school the Obamas will send the girls to in DC...
Watching look who's talking 
.
so what they're saying is ...
julia is a COMPOSITE CHARACTER?!
Who's enjoyed our buy 1 salad/sandwich and getting the 2nd 50 off??
From 3pmclose, say 1942 at the register to receive the discount!!
Props 2 put'n it dwn at the
Well I think as far as Mike goes he has to change or he will lose the battle.
He is against twitter but had to have an app????
Important mainly because of the words in the message.
That's as good a criteria as any.
thats a lie clearly.
I told my sister she should take her own pillow but no, she'll just use mine.
; love me like you loved me when you loved me and didn't have to try 3
I want Reka to edit this pic of Chricki for me so I can put it as my background.
haha thank you!
An an early congrats to you!
Hello Srini, Enjoyed your call on KSR today!
Go Big Blue!
Stop the presses!
There's sunshine in Austin!
Trixze is packing up and moving back to NYC.
With nothing left to lose and nowhere else to go, it is time for all planetary kin to enter the adventure of Timeship Earth.
Thanks, Susan!
:
passion tea is the best!
Nothing else compares
Yesterday, I hear a kid ask for sushi, not McDonald's, please!
Today I read about the 9 y/o protesting Westboro Baptist.
we'll see!
I may not be at every single one of your performance but ill always support you no matter how far you are
Happiness is not a destination.
It is a method of life.
Burton Hills  Positively Positive
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW WE ARE FOLLOWING YOU BACK..
MAKE SURE TO CHECK OUT THE KIDS OF SIMPLY O
RT : RT : Want to learn about  how we're creating PGH jobs?
Join me on a live Google hangout on Friday...
all thanks to my A trainer
RT big lips coupled with big titties winning
Oh, , are you really coming to Newton, MA?!
cool background on your Twitter home page.
Where did you find it?
Great day for commencement
of course!
It was our pleasure!
Come back and see us!!
Speak to patterns of problems..
We're getting 2 or 3 likes a day!
Lets keep them coming, you guys are amazing!
40 inc angle  on my trunk wen I swaaaang!
Let us here at Global Elements help you promote your business we offer awesome deals on Business Cards,Fliers,Posters,Banners,cont...
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Message brd says no outside food/doctornk in civic center.
Glad they didn't see my venti Starbucks this am.
You don't have to be an animal to support animal rights.
So you don't have to be gay to support gay rights.
But I want them NOW!
My husband says it's because The Little Cat needs TLC
I'm with at the Google Media Hub Filing Center at the Iowa Caucus.
Thank you Geoff, we look forward to reading all about your trip on your blog!
What was the best meal you had in SF?
RT : Practice loving everything and everybody all the time but hang in places and w/ people who lift u up
Watching The Stand yet again.
What's this make?
Like the 1,000th time.....LOL
I sent you a dm, I hope you got it!
its hard for me to accept the fact that im pretty when someone tells I am.
I usually dont believe or it just takes time to accept it.
The start is what stops most people.
Don Shula
liber2011 Link rot, citation rot, service rot: BAD persistence statistics.
How can we create a persistent scholarly record?
doctornk an Icee.
SLURP!
Rickie Weeks' career K is 22.8.
If that's his true talent, there's a 95 chance he'd be b/w 15.6 and 30.3 after 135 PAs.
He's at 27.4.
I fell asleep pretty much the minute I got home, BUT such a wonderful time ...
ATTN WRITERS  ARTISTS!
Our submission deadline for the Sept/Oct Double Issue is Monday 10/24
Last night was adventurous!!
I saw it and thought of you.
There's just some people I never wanna see in my life again..
ALPHA NEWS: Reggie Sharpe of Alpha Rho at Morehouse College Wins Southern Region Oratorical Contest
well, i finished.
all /libraries and /departments are accounted for.
assuming no invisible stragglers
I hope roaches eat your face off as you sleep.
When I wake up to 40 texts on my phone from a certian directioner tweeting about in everyone......
This guy in jorts just spit on Groucho Marx's star.
The ultimate indignity.
Movies tommaro maybe !
finally
It is 6 and I gotta get ready to go to some school for an ap session...
We're happy for you!
RT : Went to UC today  I'm so happy with my decision it's perfect for me there :
They turn/accept all things progressive.
Just issue by issue, like in gay marriage, for example.
Some may still not be..
I don't hate her because you're the one I am worried about.
You tell me you don't care but its oretty obvious
Sometimes I wonder do you ever think of all the memories and get sad?
3
Seated in plane, frankfurt to washington.
Turning off phone.
pwahahahah!!
Rude!!!
Jesse stop taking pics of ur grandma livin it up on the airplane!
see you there!!
tasteofdc is gonna be SWEET!!!
Hope you're having fun at opry mills
Naked retouching...
you guys r going too?
I can teach u what we learned :
BLESSED IS HE THAT COMES IN THE NAME OF THE LORD Fear not daughter, your King is coming!
Say it and get ready amen.
Sir Court
has some1 ever told you your one sexy mofo.?
Well I'd not now u can say yes!3 teamfollowback TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:xo3
Well, Indiana is a pretty conservative place.
Yeah, because he chose minor league baseball over summer workouts.
oops I'm watching Skins.
agree sassy, aubrey is a snake and didn't deserve to be there.
Good luck guys.
Grayson is a typical democrat.
Killing is ok if it doesn't take very long or cost very much.
have you ever seen the Celtics play in Boston or Atlanta?
I'd beat a prostitute too, if she had a dick!
Hey, all is good workin hard in the studio.
How r u guys doing?
Ur like rosy O'donelle at a bisexual bridal shower
doin' the fantasy doctorft thing
and called him garbage lmao
The insecurities among these women...
She just got in the pool and A's soon A's she sees and I, she make her bf leave
First the earthquake, now Steve Jobs resigns.
Where will we find the strength to carry on?
Thanks for the shout out!
Well, 3 hours worth of morning report attendance and searching, accomplished.
Yay productivity!
Basketball federation future at stake after charges of corruption  Chicago Tribune
Good luck tomorrow to all my friends running the Mini!
oh, no lol don't be sorry!
he was funny in a good way ;
I jumped the gun and ripped it off already.
Sorry.
Thanks lady!!!
Expresses his deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of fellow WVU Mountaineer, Chris Henry.
God bless.
no argument there...
This show/documentary Thumbs wuz so good
Oh hell no.
bud stole The Cult.
The next person I see doctornking one gets hit with it.
headed to emcee this St Patty's day parade, then off to rock the mic at the Indiana Ice game!!!!
absolutely!
This was a fantastic tour; the best I've been on.
Information and History was fantastic as are the guides!
Watching Enchanted
I miss you!
Distraction/is a wish inside/a wish
and thank YOU for hosting!
Since you play a doctorg dealing accountant on TV I will follow your advice
We have a shy monster...no attacks yet.
He's gotta be up to something!
Realized I have not one but TWO Ugly Xmas Sweater events to attend.
Now where to find a sweater?
Or you could just start listening to your messages :p
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Coffee always helps :
it would be much appreciated
hahaha!
Have a great one!
Awhhh i just keep watching chachi over and over again 3 ....
goal by end of summer: get to retweet one of my posts
u were amazing on the xfactor!
I'm hoping ur tour comes to newcastle!
X
all my friends are doing fun things, I'm at home being a loner, pretending to get important things done, but really just sitting here.
eh.
Ask me again Wednesday.
Seems to be working in Odessa, AMA  Corpus.
Different biz model  attendance expectation
: Bra Sizes and Grades always seems to match up.
LMFAO!!!
I went to a cafe that advertised breakfast anytime, so I ordered French Toast during the Rennaisance
thanks :: when i move in you will have to come over for wine
Classic Red Queen Classic Costume
Is that so...
because a guy w/o cable/satellite and suffering w/ mlb.tv blackouts could use a solution...
This is a very happy renewal 24 hours.
: i love you twin but i dislike being put on hold !
Chillin at DQ  having a blizzard  banana split!
I love how Lando tags himself in his tweets lol
consummating my love and conceiving a food baby with Innout.
he never brings me flowers but he always fills my love cup...m
Ready to rock it out for Jesus tonight at Crossroads of Newnan!
Are y'all ready!?
welcome home john
Am selling a domain name I bought 12 hours ago to pay for a plane ticket to Mexico this summer!
What a great day.
The Billy Goat Tavern, established in 1934, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
Hey momma i cant wait to see you at the office !!
it doesnt function well when you aint here !!
yeah i said ,, AINT LOL
is that you I see over by the wall at the reserve game
I think they've gotten over their Mariabo morning and may play inspired ball now?
A good name is more desirable than riches.
To be esteemed is better than silver or gold.
Provb 22 1
Just saw a dude earlier spit from the top floor of the mall down to the bottom.
Dat aint cool.
gotta RT this Singer on her song Tightropea favorite of the First Ladysand why she supports :
If only we truly realize, our past can only dictate our future only if we make the past rule our present way of life.
R.I.P.
dear Whitney!
Thank you.
RT : what a beautiful smile:D
thank you for listening.
Perfect day for it too!
RT : Shamisterck the block  awesome.
Thank you
Thank you!
We LOVE seeing old pictures, if you happen to have any!
you never know in a couple of hours when he has to poop mabey heel give it back ;
Save the date!
Trunk show with special guest on 5/31.
You won't want to miss out on these amazing hats!
Sure miss yours and Anya's too!
Besos!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 6
On A Cloudy Day I Can Make You Smile :
Perfect!
Lunch date with and the South Shore YMCA tomorrow secured!
:
The results are in.
Team , Gutflap, Classroom Catalyst and Team National will be at the finals tomorrow!
Cool story bro some people are such hypocrites
Total Exhibit Solutions helps create your brand identity and expand your presence at expos and trade shows.
Wouldn't need to spend on obesity prevention if we didn't subsidize industrial agriculture  car culture.
okay justin im going out now, but i will be back in 2 hours and i hope you will be in my followers
Today is the last day to submit applications to the Red Bull Music Academy  just make sure they are postmarked today 
Thanks!
RT : RT : Video!
Whistleblower claims continue to skyrocket!
Mitigate whistleblower risks today:...
that I cannot get behind unless you are a small child because then its kind of cute.Wait...
ARE YOU A SMALL CHILD?!?!
Smart may have the brains but stupid has the balls.
hush little arm meat, don't make a sound.
mama's gonna.
I just passed 86 likes!
'86 is the year I was born, so thank you to Desiree Thornburg for being my 86th fan!
Its great having to house quiet and to my self
Today is our first birthday!!
We hope to have many more years serving as a voice for all childoctorn in Memphis and the MidSouth.
Bautista couldn't hit a volleyball right now
Idiom I am hearing a lot is In The Loop.
It is good to know if you study eigo.
Ex: I would like you to keep me in the loop.
Pat Oliphant has a cartoon about the shooting in Florida.
It ignores the witness that says Trayvon Martin attacked George Zimmerman.
won't know if you don't try haha
Belated easter weekend  taking eiffel tower staircase with anton
It's astonishing how people can be so passionate about music!
Likewise, we can't guarantee you the next great viral video, but we will produce crazy good animations...
if i wasn't u wouldn't have done nothing p
Fine fine, it was a moat.
Close enough!
Imagine You logged on to twitter  you were spammed by Austin tweeting you YOURE BEAUTIFUL, I LOVE YOU BABY!
I Cant wait for teen wolf tomorrow LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
We are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and yes even today!
Ready to serve all your courier service needs!
Call us!!
8775275737
Gorillas are cuter than elephants...
you look lke him and I'm smarter than him!
Buy1111 ON ITUNES FOR !
3 LET'S GET HIM ON THE TOP 10 MAHOMIES!!!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Orlando!
Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Like I have to do manual labor today....
Forever hating my life
shut the door on the devil.
Keep him under your feet
RT : Great service and healthy real chicken at Ike's MSP Airport!
Best meal in MSP the past 5 days.
Enjoying Me Day!
Thank you Curtis!
We love each other lots
Join the auction everyone is talking about!
LPS bidding
Nick MinajHoney Cocaine
ONLY 400 to 1,500 followers and we pick a WINNER of a FLIP HD CAMCORDER!
Tell your friends to follow and you enter to win!
Tough assignment today...3 letter word.
Wanna guess?
You like?
You Okay?
haha!
I've never actually lost it and really hope I do this time lmao
I watched 35 and ticking.
The two of u together was hella fun!
Getting all my over 30 friends over to view
The actual translation from Russian to English is a bit of both.
;
Thanks for the follow!
Keep us in mind if you or your friends need a Boston area Realtor.
:
Before you judge someone evaluate your life.
Nobodys better than another!
wouldnt it be nice to go to a sleepover were they offered u bfast sooner than 5 mins after they were leavin to the doctor Ya that'd be nice...
I approve this message.
RT : Shipyard Never Disappoints ...
Troubleshooting a deadly combination of a Gale database, SFX, and LexisNexis Academic.
I may not survive this one.
RT : RT : 12 years after establishing the LA Historic State Park, it remains unfinished...
Chilling on TheBailout wit
otis redding had a one of kind voice
So much work to do.
Akskdjsndndi
Couldn't decide if my schedule would fit a 2nd job but I got one at the clock factory so I can make the time.
Heh.
I think I need a few doctornks before I will fully understand.
:
Sad that Tom Lutz doesn't have a Twitter.
I feel like he'd have an excellent one.
Yeah!!
RT : Bought my ticket for BOH and MMJ.
It's a lawn seat, but Idgaf.
there are 2 types of campaigns  the sprint and the marathon.
is talking about a sprint  7 billion  me.
She could love you good but I can fuck u better!
The Sharp Hospital green roof is almost complete!
Speaking on green roofs at the Bright Green Futures Conference in 30 Min
Tropically, sexily, darkdeliciously, 1959 excited for Ep.
5 Suicide Blonde, minutes away on
hey you.
Work husband.
I miss you.
;
Help us RT the police memorial page please
If you eat a fruit from a primeval forest on the equator, you'll find it small, hard, fibrous, and really not sweet
let me borrow that book when you're done holy shit
I'm Emma
The Board unanimously voted to name the next middle school after doctor John Folks.
Folks MS, formerly known as FM 471 N MS, opens Aug 2013.
Ask us questions right now on stickam.com/djrossstar!!!
Happy Wednesday and thanks for following us
please stop rt those facts I'm laughing to hard !!!!!
To sleep, to rest my bones and hope tomorrow is back to my normal self!
Kate McPherson reports: Covenant House says 65 of homeless teens come from homes where there is doctorg use; half of girls report sexual abuse
All the clippers do is Flop!!
Just played HALO AE in 3D.
Wow.
Bringing back some good memories with new graphics.
...what's that?
oh...
SKYRIM, yes  back to it now
: FollowTuesday Some Sexxyladies2 follow my new page
CamillaBelle looked unreal last night.
Jenn ur a very important part of my new alter ego
so HA.
Artfact Rembrandt was 1 of 5 childoctorn; He was the only child his parents felt was fit to educate.
When people aren't original enough to get their own ideas.
ur gma is a trip rite now
You like the flyers season
Would love to meet up with you before your talk to chat about useful features built around RSS!
that's awful.
RT : live on the coast..
We are still finding tarballs that are washing ashore.
I love h babe :
found you!
Thanks for the mention.
Twill be good to follow your tweets now.
I know I wish it were more Weddings.
This one was a real shocker.
Didn't know she was that sick.
What has this world come to when a man can't even jump a car off a ramp car on top of another ramp car?
RT : Youth is wasted on the young.
English proverbs
please ReauthorizeVAWA!
VAWA has saved millions of  and countless lives.
via
on the juicy stuff in discourse on failure on DH
Great goal chara!
Go bruins!
Keep tweeting!
:D We can do this, Mahomies!
AustinTo700K 33
: : Thanks for the follow...
Your welcome!
teamfollowback 
great gig tonight.
Loved the Michael Douglas handshake!
Come back to smaller venues in dfw!
Bachmann's in the race!
u can text me
Fairly certain that teachers will not read allowed.
Nor will they asses fluency.
Does twitter search help
so what, its called paying respect
I 3 Duke University!!
I Wonder If Is Following Me
FLASH MOB!Join Rock Cancer C.A.R.E.
Filling the Gaps in Cancer Care  Rock Steady today at Balboa Park  10AM www.rockcancercare.org
I had the best day ever, I ran into my ex girlfriend and her new boyfriend..............with my car lmao
The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.
RT Fun fact: The average American 3yearold can recognize about 100 brand logos.
RIP Tura Satana.
It was an honor to have my Dames perform for you.
I don't try anything.
I just do it.
At the heart of lent is the message of taking this opportunity to reflect and reconnect with your Divinity.
This is a powerful time.
thanks!
I fixed the website link.
gettn ready to start writing the next solo album.
this ones going to set the bar for the future!!
Have a wonderful day 
Does xfactor come on tonight
rain, rain go AWAY
On my way to see and the rest of the Brew Crew in beast mode against the Dbacks!
Anybody have an opinion on VPN apps for the iPhone?
Which one is the best?
Any Pilates DVD suggestions to do at home?
wishing I was at the Amadeus to write
She trying to look cute in her heels; bitch know she can't even walk straight!
Ctfu
Got my RayBans on and I'm feeling hella cool tonight...
lemme know when your here
so much fun!!
Raged in south beach last night
Just watched Melancholia on Netflix ....
whoa.
Lars.
Heavy, dude.
I needed sleep so I just caught up on the highlights.
: It's sad when the person who gave you the best memories, ends up a memory.
I'm changing the world, one hashtag at a time.
Better see me while you're in town, let's go out one night.
With every movement, comes a movement of hashtags!
HA, is taking over  relay the notice to and Steve
thanks for the url...
Already signed up for the free baby stuff
start them, play them.
When they get tired call timeout.
Play them more, get brewer and A some minutes then insert starters
Love my morning walk to the shop!
I always run into so many awesome SF small business owners who inspire me!
sent you an email, let me know if that works for you.
Metta World Thanks.
I see you still enjoying your vacation
They got every number in the 70's except 71 and 77 I think.
It's a little annoying but oh well.
Not a good day at the office
Recorrection.
Follow
oh ok
Feeling like J...Can't be life...
Gotta be more....
Can't be us
You have everything , the only person who cant see that is you .....
RT has the coolest ofice of SFD1 by a country mile.
please follow back :
Wow!
All the flowers have bloomed where I live and it's still only February.
What a beautiful winter : 
Dam , I only slept for 4 hours lol
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
Sake onion ketchup FTW!
Ehhh :D RT : you always have the option of the burger  Old Homestead!
23 Beers On Tap Countdown  Now it gets fun.
Tell us your favorites craftbeers indianabeer lovers, indy, carmel,
Those days when you listen to a Pandora 80s station and doctornk coffee hoping the effects of a doctorving beat and caffeine will simulate focus.
Headed to brusters in calcutta for their 20th anny
Great advice..
Obama has abandoned no principles.
You have when you abandon him.
GOP wins.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery...
I gotta start somewhere .
Most seasons with at least 2776, LeBron has 6 and Jordan sits at 1.
I'm just saying.
We want to wish all of our followers/friends a wonderful Holiday Season.
true.
Agree with that
Another epic day ahead.
all black people are not good and all white people are not evil I have nothing but love for all peaceful spirits
Your hair looks so pretty3
sljsummit10 Leu: high levels internet penetration globally.
Methinks its time to move beyond the digital natives/immigrtants nonsense
I just saw the story with the parents of one of the victims of the Ohio school shooting  Danny Parmertor.
Broke my heart.
I'm just trying to make it in a world set up to fail.
confession: I ate a mcdonalds hamburger, and now I regret it.
there I said it.
Just had it!
It was good lmao
we met each other 20 years ago when we made a nirvana record .yeah, i think i've heard that record.
dave grohl on authenticity
I am not a whore..
BUT I LIKE TO DO IT ;
RT : Running shoes last about 300500 miles, depending on your weight.
Replace them often for necessary support.
It's time for annual program review of PCAK Parent Education Programs!
We look forward to followup  onsite visits in coming weeks!
unless your mom just got out of prison or is having a baby the card selection at safeway is pretty picked over.
A lost bumper sticker.
u look like money
That's so untrue...
everybody deserves to live.
It's a great Night in Denver Colorado :
Up early about to get my workout on, then a long day of meetings.
awesome....
thanks!
word, you know what school you trynna hit up or whatever?
50 includes All you can eat crabs, buffet, and beer
thanks for the follow check out
RT Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Makin plans 2 go c Fela on Broadway produced by Jay Z, Will Smith nd Jada Smith.
Who wanna come wit me May 15th May 20th?
Are you going to the Q on Friday?
hey friend ...
whats been going on?
what doesn't kill me, makes me stronger.
RT Be the kind of woman that when your feet hit the floor each morning the devil says Oh Crap, She's up!
I remember feeling that way.
I was like OMG I didn't DO anything!!
But I was wrong  there's always time to do things.
:
i think i love him .
July 22nd Songwriter Workshop by The Hollands!
July 22nd The Hollands!
Concert
Money can't by happiness....
haha same.: have you met him?
This was because most of the larger trade and commercial centers were located in urban areas
Thats why there is America it's the land of opratunity lol unless your Mexican then....
No lol
Cool Promo to win a RipCity TShirt!
Submit your Blazers fan photos via twitter and add hash tag WeAreRipCity .
Ready, Go!
Get out get out get out of my head !
This is what it's been about all year long.
Good luck to you and the team.
God bless.
Well I'm no longer a government stooge...back in the private sector and I all ready feel less slimy.
Eating chocolate cake and pretending it's still my birthday.
I like a booty that can talk back to me
Florida senior basketball player Erving Walker was convicted of stealing a taco from a street vendor  ordered to pay a 300 fine.
no of course not!
I was hoping that we could be friends!
Just got out of sla2010 unconference session  very interesting discussion on the culture of social media
Ready for a great day.
Let's Go!!
Nurse Ratshit hasn't been handing out the right meds
yay!
Congrats Jimmy!
See you at the Farmers Market tomorrow?
Do you think Dwight Howard is gonna change team this season ?
Pasta  chicken.
I don't know what to do with my life now that the Kentucky Derby is over.
Thanks for nothing, Calvin Borel.
1 day, 11 hours, and 9 minutes.
This is STILL not ok..
What's this about?
The weekend is here and the weather is cool, we think you could use a Marcato cab franc.Ruby color,touch of leather, black pepper
I don't have that Talib.
New roots is super tight tho!!
Mizzou Pres.
Wolfe: Having the political leadership in Jefferson City decide what we teach on our campuses goes against our mission.
YES!!
I cried!
and I hate how they both ended.
I can't wait til september
yes I think its safe to say I am more of an adidas guy, couldn't help myself :
I've done that before.
But not confidential stuff either.
1 of these days though, i can see myself printing my paystub :
I have been really, really missing Anthropology lately...
I had fun 2 day omfg y 2 day had to end
Just saw Johnny Ringo at the gym.
I said I'm your huckleberry.
No I'm not that guy....
oops!
At least you realized it and didn't schedule an appointment
RT : Just left Sunset Station  there's over 1000 ppl in line for the Keith Sweat  Montell Jordan Concert
we love you
Anyone downtown for sxsw?
Done with work early today.
doctornks?
APNewsBreak: GOP US Sen.
candidate Mark Neumann's solar company got 81,000in grants under federal stimulus law.
Tin roof.....rusted.
Why is ZachParise so hot?
I can't handle it.
Happy 0x31, or for certain DEC systems, 0000061
It is not whether you get lucky  good or bad, it is what you do with it that separates you.
Via
The Tressels performing live on www.xpn2.org coming up at 8pm
Testing the Elegance mobile Joomla template based on before it's released and must say it is awesome!
all I want to do is sleep 
Today is your day to believe in yourself.
Don't expect others to believe in you until you decide to believe in your own product!
That is u!
Perhaps you should look up the definition of racism and reassess.
Grrrr my mom just caught me chasing my tail...how embarrassing
Congratulations to Seniors for the Penn Fund who recently hit 1,750 donors!
I dig this new Blink Album!!
Hi Dusty and Hurley!!!!
Looking forward to your show at Any Hall  Oates tunes tonight?
Damn I was hella nervous.
I did good though.
thank you so much!
we'll be releasing a brand new song once we hit 1000 followers!
I smell superbowl!
my love for can never b described in words
Really?
I am considering both.
I guess the downside to the iphone is no push email.
Otherwise it seems exceptional.
these writingassignments are killing me.
i can't even write 14 sentences in english about this let alone italian.
its too
A STOR GRATULERER MED DAGEN to my nephew Shane, who turns the big two today!
:
BAM!
: how about a follow?
So much positive buzz for UTTV tonight!
Feeling grateful to be a part of this amazing team :
Happy Friday Friends!
i love Selena Is A Great Role Model
ask mister goodman wat she thinks about me
yeah, it's not working.
:
time to taper yourself off the doctorno
CUBS WIN!
Twitter talk gone get a bitches ass beat
If your looking for us we are SquEZn with at Stadium Brewing Co.
in Aliso Viejo, Ca.
Come tequila n SquEZ!!!!

RT : I been a Lesbian for about 25 years now...
Anyone got an invite to share?
Please?
you're so excited about Friday!
Bible Verse of The Day: 1 John 1:7 Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have...
BlackParentsQuotes  Bring All My Change Back  .
That's what I tell my niggas who can hoop n think they're better than me, I'm not gonna let a nigga who occasional hooper beat me at my job
Starting to think that maybe us being more fit than everybody else early won us a couple matches, now we're on par and not as dominant.
that'll do it.
What is equire?
I recommended it to you??
And when some1 with a story of ignorance on the levels I've faced they cry uncle when the truth of their manipulation is seen
Exactly one month from now, I'll be kickin it for the rest of summer.
I want to show my appreciation by offering selected clients a 99 microdermabrasion facial.
Call to book your appointment
Forget the Heisman, Jordy Nelson is now trademarking the stiff arm.
I'm curious what you think about the new 52!
Sounds liken Lawerence was my Great Grandpa Franks's brother.
Does that sound right to you?
At A Neuroscience SPIN on the Imago Dei  Implications for the Illness is Schizophrenia
We did!
Applied common sense makes us positively giddy.
Just burned through about 15 of itunes money in 5 minutes.
I don't like talking to guys that have girls that are friends ...
Hoes be acting wild now a days .
I can't give you all the things you gave me.
It's time to say goodbye to turning tables
smiles thank you.
Um, ok.
If ya want to go.
You've probably got things to do before bed.
Ill get out before the tea gets cold
How do you play basketball with no ACL's.
Nice dunk by Blair!!
I'm really tired of the phrase one and done.
.
.
Its not a big deal
Happy Saturday gamers whats on the gaming agenda for you all today?
so i made a bunch of red velvet cupcakes...and when i say a bunch, i mean too many.
trying to do homework here
Busy schedule?
CarRxMobileLube comes to your home, office or business for hasslefree service
thank you, I'll talk to you closer to July :
The ticket inspector on both trains I've been on today has just looked at me and walked away...
Rockies fans, this inning sums up the season in a nutshell.
Hits and runs for the Dodgers, mistakes by Rockies.
legit can't wait
Me too girl!!!!
UNKIND Criticism is not to teach or help its purpose is to punish.When someone attaches unkindness to criticism, they want to hurt ..
Well I've managed to add my own presentation to the conference scheduler.
This might be slightly overwhelming.
I wonder if you have to check for ear wax when you order fried pig's ears in a restaraunt!
oO RT Why are woman surprised if a man wants sex just say yes or no and keep it moving its not that deep
That Ish Crazy!
hey in ss class!!!!
Just gave my teacher the worst evaluation ever
TheVoiceFinale teamadam all the time, but really TeamBlake you picked a good one in !
judges:Hot
RT : Limbaugh on radio right now making things worse, says only mistake was using slut and prostitute to describe her.
Uh...
The goodness of God comes not for what he does for you but what He has already done for all.
His love surpasses all.
hmm...my cousin, mother, grandma, people sneezing,coughing,stupidity thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral yeah I'm weird but it bothers me
To the cute couples that post pictures of themselves making out on twitter and facebook..
EWWW PLEASESTOP BARF D';
maybe tell them how many calories you're burning vs intake haha
i feel like i should've taken a week off to hang out up there
i know Kimmel is a promo for King is dead but u should play Hazards of love 4 so me and my hubby can dance to our wedding song!!
Not every experience is right for every person.
Otherwise we'd all just be an army of clones.
Good Morning waking up very early today listening to the birds outside my window...
Staff at my house wants to encourage visitors to tweet from our new exhibit.
Any museums have pointers to share?
They'd be much appreciated!
Good luck with that!
RT : We'll see if Tim Tebow can help Rex Ryan with his language?
I know he welcomes the challenge!
I'll doctornk to that!
Conversely, if you're trick or treating, you're probably too young to be wearing a wedding ring.
Making sales calls today in Mount Vernon, it will be a lot of coldcall?
I'm so over PEOPLE trying to put other PEOPLE down!
Bitch, if someone wants to do that then LET IT FUCKING BE !
MIND YOUR BUSINESS!
thatcampva: Let's keep it nice, let's keep it weird.
:oo Really, Germany?
That's so cool!
:
fashweek: as in I felt a fish out of liberal water to the extreme  though got lots of compliments on the 1950's Mme Gris full skirt!
OMG.
I just got done w/ a convention at that hotel.
May god have mercy on your soul.
if I had a dollar everytime I was asked that I wouldn't have to play cards for a living.
There's not many of us that's for sure.
Whatever that means?
If you love her, dont kiss and tell and she will do anything and do it well .
RT : If IT is not riding your train, you're dead in the water.
30 min dinner break and oh joy we get 10 more in food coupons for the gross food court
After Sunday, QPR stands for Quits Pretty Regularly.
My awsm adviser got me in2 400level prelaw class in spring!
Waiting area reeked of Axe.
Poor, sad undergrad males...
I went to cortney today........
With my friend with no permission.
I meet up with my ex boyfriend........
I missed him a lot.
He will not forsake me and this is why, there's only one way to heaven..no matter how hard you try.
I'm shot, and so are YOU.
RT : MT : Takeaway from day 2 of ASTD2012: best learning design includes stories, doctorws on our natural curiosity ...
Working on music.
is the musical engineer for the show!
Gonna be INTENSE : March 25th save it!!!
fuck everybody...im in my own zone nigga
YOU guys are the best.
Proud to be a fan 
No, but I direct
guess how you tow a train?
you push it.
really hard.
with another train...
hi!
I'm a student in ILT today.
Feels...weird!
ahh, yes.
Makes sense.
Jessica Sanchez is the girl I'm thinking of  love her.
lol si tu.
I'm pretty confident on what I have.
Hey spahrsicle, We're real sorry to hear that.
Call us up and we'll mail you some killer coupons.
Hope to hear from you.
JN
Just went jogging felt great :
well put.
QTeam Cleanup or Death for short
YES!
Sleepover muchachas!
;D
Well deserved standing O for Taj Gibson
Bitch can't even get a towel...
s/O
!WE ARE THE BEAUTY MAFIA BITCH!
clean as you go is always good policy :
Yup.
Most of their stores do.
GM sexy
Roots celebration of the morel begins this weekend.
Enjoy in non moderation.
Waking up to an ocean view is bomb !
.
Today is Definitely a impulse buying day
thanks my man!!!
Hope I get to see you soon...
It's a screencasting app.
My Ss are currently making propaganda posters with it.
I used it once to record a lecture.
where you located?
Trivia Monday starts at 8pm.
Lets test your skills now: Who was the only team to score more than 100 points in an NCAA championship game?
boarder patrol.
No, mainly if it was a guy flirting, she asked.
Like Aaron commented on my status and has never met her and guessed it right..
High five.
I actually ended up fooling around on the internets instead of xboxing anyway.
it's that zebedee moment
i got my paycheck AND tax return today!
i'm 'bout to pay the SHIT outta some bills, y'all!!
Revolution is packed!
in the building!
hosting an amazing closing party!
stats and U2 don't mix btw have u seen killing bono
you getting to school early tomorrow to?
suck my cockiness lick my persuasion
Thank you.
I glammed it up a bit ;
Weekend of coaching basketball and watching UK!
CHINESE TAKEOUT FOR DINNER YUSSSS
Gratz for your IAWTVAwards acting nominations!
Well deserved!!
Stupid fly...
Why is my mom acting lk a 1 bitch rite now..
How'd it go?
Did your face feel too nekkid?
Guess who forgot her phone at work again?
Yeah, I'm a dumbass.
Thanks, you too!
I'm jealous you have the day off.
May it be filled with beer
So my great niece makes a bogus Chinese food order while I'm sleep and the whole waking me up to pay because she said Uncle buying
Yesterday everything seemed fine; today completely different!
What to do at this point is a mystery...
somebody else can solve.
We make our living off comic anachronism, but to do it well means reading 3 books for each joke, yeah  DvL
dude I do too minus all the obvious BS lol.
We should meet up at mount or in Pittsburgh sometime.
doctorg racing would be a lot more fun if I didn't have to wear a doctorss
Happy Labor Day!
WSWB will be closed today.
We will open on Tuesday at 11am for lunch.
We hope to see you then...Salud!
Derek Fisher in OKC
Follow please ?
:D
what's on the agenda?
Tonight is not the night to trust me with your china or your childoctorn  at least not the ones you care about.
no way you'd ever get it ...
too qualified!!
I'm broken...
Thanks for the mention!
Best rappers ever,Lil.Kim,Biggie,and Nas.
awww austin I'm crying for u 3
lovin the avi...
In the future literally everyone will be a DJ
Just starting to approach stores and try and my stuff in places!
I am always down for collaborating with entrepreneurs ANYTIME!
The team is headed to the Colorado Democratic Convention.
Watch out Pueblo!!
'mom, why don't you remember what time I was born?
momuh, Ocean, I was kind of busy..delivering my own child me ok.point made.
I like this saysomethingnice thing.
I might even saysomethingnice after today is over.
aye Baeza, who the bestest fans ever ?!
:
the police didnt take any action until the whole city came to protest on the streets and it gained national attention,,,,,,
We love hearing that!
Keep it up!
just got done with a killer spinning class!
And going for seconds tomorrow :
Happy Anniversary to our Ferndale location !
2 years going and still spiffy as ever !!
Busto VDS...
Not gonna lie I didn't bring my a game today, but I will tomorrow.
those beliebers that won't be a fan to anyone else but justin?
creeps.
im a belieber  a directioner  and a simpsoner  a mahomie.
:
I am not interested in Daryl either..
I am starting to think that FloydMayweather is scared to fight MannyPacquiao; he seems to have an endless amount of excuses.
SHOUTOUT to got some real tweets!
Go follow him!
Mike Thanks for pointing that out.
It will be my greatest masterpiece yet.
Outside of beating the Ravens in '07.
Running to the car before your parents get there and waiting for them to unlock the car
Me too.
I honestly thought they would miss Heavy and Nick Ashford.
Was rather shocked that they missed Etta and Don.
Let me say a million times that you love me no good if I do not see in your eyes 
Not every day.
Pizza trumps it, but def on a cold and rainy day.
first encountered Judith Butler at thirteen in an online community: very cool!
thanks for following!
: have you listened to ?
have a wonderful day!
houston India's 45 Akash tablet racks up 1.4 million preorders in 2 weeks This year is shaping up to be the year for lowcost t
WhyILoveMuseums there's something to interest everyone
i can't wait to get my TWMiniDolls6Days !
Many thanks, darling.
I am so glad we've met...
LOVE YOU!
Happy new year!
Watching Times Square on TV...
Kinda miss being there a few years back at in Manhattan!
it is throwing it down..
Welcome to the CBS 4 family.
We look forward to meeting you.
If you need help w anything  pls just ask!
thanks!
And yes Roger sadowsky sent me a shirt and a signed pic!!
So cool!
So exited to be heading to WORK today, hallelujah!!!!
Happiest Friday ever ;
Does anybody else think that the patriots should b smashing the jets rite now
I just spent so much money on groceries I think I accidentally shopped at Pick N Rape.
Who are JASMINATORS?
:
Yeah, and people in hell want ice water.
I think ...shining city on a hill is the new The End.
You know what's a bad idea?
Doing your taxes with a cuppa whiskey.
My refund does not look right.
And I can't find the back button.
Thanks Greg!
Your donation and promotion are greatly appreciated!
I'd love to catch up with you...Spidey Project date?
....or it could just be the bus!
Either way :
If you're doing superbowl be sure to check out Com to know all that is going on in INDY.
Game changing resource for you.
i know :/ we will have to make it the best two weeks everr!
Big cement pour tomorrow for our 6th floor!
We'll be tweeting live pics!
Register by emailing or sponsor a challenger to help raise funds for PZS2011 and get a crazy zine!
We have space for 2 lucky folks!
TONITE !
Reply to this msg w/ yo name  we got chu down 1.
Go!
The Tuck is rocking right now!
I love it.
FSU basketball is back, baby!!!!
Haha, nice!
Do you like the series?
What did you think of the movie?
Season 4 episode 7 kerev is hookin up w the new grey, izzy and george are trying to have decent sex, and the nazis cheif res
RT : 2 years ago today, I came out of the closet  reclaimed my power.
I am too valuable to be a secret on any level.
Oh no!
We'll try to make it to you!
Armenia has a population of 2.9 million, while the number of Armenians outside the country is about five million.
I couldn't sip a beachside doctornk at your Key Largo resort since it lacks a bar.
Wish I had stayed anywhere else on the island.
BREAKING NEWS Authorities have identified the owner of the SUV used in failed bombing in NY Times Square.
Happy holidays cupcakes scoffed
Cause niggas with LONG MONEY don't care !
Let's try an experiment.
Send me an idea for a tshirt I will design it and market it.
If it sells 3 times I will send you a FREE tshirt.
with who?:o
yes I come home friday :D we're gonna tear orlando up!
AlJazeera Digital Dashboard Tracks Arab Spring Tweets
wow.
it all went downhill so quickly.
i wouldn't exactly call it shit talking when i'm stating actual facts.
Anticipating smwnyc event Email and Social Media: The New Rules of Engagement social media  smwreuters
get ready for a short week!!
come hang out for football and play texas hold em for free 7 and 10pm doctornks and food specials all night
Thank you for rockin Madonna in between the other timeless rock from DJ Paul and KISS on the tv
I followed...will the others mentioned follow back?
yet another twitter newb:
Hope all is well!
Tell me about it
nah im just not interested in prom, but who knows i might, might not lol
Cheers and happy Wednesday to
is the one on the left the lg neon?
It'll be another night of Jack  coke
Is it strange to want to scramble my IP and start spamming the website that keeps spamming one of my sites?
Are you ready for January 29th?
Tickets on sale soon.
Good pick Giants!!!
man just chillin love you know me
I want some panda shades :/.
The best work is made/done between the hours of 12AM  6AM
You did great out there my prayers go out to you and your family!!
Your mom is strong just like you!!
So happy right now!
like bad girls club?!
Lol
I'm starting to have a different mind set.
Mujicians Debut Album Feel Good Mugik: Full of Cliches and Replays out August 9th!
Everyone pick up at Itunes and leave a nice review ha.
That was my assumption.
itllallbeoversoon!
There should be a rule against hearse parking on the street, esp in cap hill.
lol I really wanna see them in concert
tebow looked horrible on that first doctorve
Planes, Trains and Hoes
aye my nigga where you been???
It's been a minute since we talked!
Thanks for the shout out!
Happy FF to you !
oh what i miss your face dude
Hailey :: NO BODY LOVES ONLY YOU
maybe her fans should learn from that instead of being sore losers
Uh glad im no virgin!!!
I feel like I don't know you any more...
It's scary how that happens.
RT : If your argument is But it's my money!
you've already lost.
oh my god.
This workout fitness infomercial is KILLING ME
count me in
I love the name of your blog!
Wanderlust one of the best words ever.
And an impulse I am very familiar with...
I can't wait til' spring break next week.
Since everyone had theirs 12 weeks ago.
i cannot wait to hear it!!
Best show yet.
Thanks, everyone!
I wasn't sleeping, I was In a meditative state awaiting the return of my love...
Ugh, never mind Naps are good!
Never settle for less than what you truly deserve.
...
his Aunt I think.
Remember when I got yelled at by mine?
: smh
Team K for life!
bad bridesmaid doctorss
Can't fuck wit Dat lean no more......
Mom just groped my butt and lamented on how she didn't have one
let me hear some of your work bro
please follow me i followed
Don't use distance as an excuse not to work out.
Join a club close to home or office.
Oh We
watching psych reruns
i'm a GMIC newbie.
looking forward to meeting everyone  being a good member.
good to see so many friendly names on twitter!
So...Tommorow's Valentine's Day...but more importantly it is MY bday!
Huzzah!!!
I'm gonna start spamming my old EP to EDM podcasts, I need airplay!
Very, very cool idea.
Thank you.
BA just tossed out the Oswalt name to replace Narveson if he's out for the year...wow yes please
Just saw Todd McFarlene.
Was tempted to try and touch him
God is our everything
Why don't my taco kit got meat in it!?
Broadway has made my heart very sad today.
So is one of the new MTSer, right?
dammit I'm mad read it backwards
what were we doing exactly one year ago today?
;
Met with so many people today..had to keep a notebook of everyone....
Walk it out...
thats what im doing  enjoying this awesome weather!
:
Thanks Maria.
It's a beautiful weekend!
Abrazos!
So much food kmg Never eating again
Leading the charge in bringing health and wellness to a whole new level with Isotonix supplements.
doctornk your vitamins today
Its weekendd timee :  no work party party .
haha.
I'm pretty sure you conceded to the almighty swine earlier today, didn't you?
tsk tsk
Yup, it's true!
: Don't tease me now  can this really be true?
I've been getting real into the Dallas Mavericks this season.
What a great game tonight.
Sorry San Antonio!
Yes it did.
SicEm RT : That Xavier vs Baylor Sweet 16 matchup just became a lot more likely.
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
Doesn't sound like you procrastinate, impressive.
I'm crying, too.
But my tears are because I'm forced to watch Grey's.
Imma Throw A Couple Thousand Baby Strip 4 This!
Lol
And I know that it's so cliche to tell you that every day that I spend with you is the new best day of my life.
oh no no no!
Thanks for tagging along with me!
And letting one tag along with you.
;
hahaha I gotcha: lol did you party after dinner?
If you're wondering why the economic recovery is so slow.
It's because of GeorgeWBush yes he fucked it up that much.
hey that's super dope!
HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM HIS DICK TAST JUST LIKE HIS DADDYS
They're earning the coverage.
GoHawks!
I don't like the offseason starting this early in the year!!!
Banananananaaaaaaa!
Be sure to try our Seasonal Flavor: Banana!

Lmaoo // You Right
Nothing gets that hot with out fire unless it's made by the devil ;
Bebe got on train this AM w/ 4 kids  in 3 stops had warned one, you betta sit down or I'ma act a fool on this train
When i build up my feelings, they come out the wrong way.
held so much in
Lightening struck my Comcast box so no tv.
Gotta find somewhere to watch these games
I'm glad I got to spend some time with you today
President Obama at odds with Democrats, Democratic leadership on Social Security
Not even remotely true.
RT : Oregon's Darron Thomas, entering NFL doctorft, knew he was in for battle w Bryan Bennett this spring
no nba this year.
so i guess we goin have to watch college basketball dis year
Tinablowninwang this is going to be an amazing episode of  glee for a show all about anti bullying they sure are mean ti everyone.
im going to take a long shot but is it ernest goes to jail
Prank calls are so annoying.
Your guy is getting the first impression rose!
Interested in receiving email updates from the Artz Center on events and resources?
Join our email list through Facebook!
so you wanna go bro?
I hope u guys kicked butt tonight.
:
HOT HAM
So a Duck got a penalty for a bear hug?
haha goodmorning to you too and its ok over here i really dont wanna be here id rather be in CA or Puerto rico or FL :
I forget how cool my brother is can I be him one day
FYI Next week I become an Ordained Minister...Kinda Proud about al this
Filming for The Thick Window has wrapped up for my little girl : Such a natural talent I think I am ready to share her :
I am following Diddy's advice...I am taking the time to be great.
Hollie finally SANG a Whitney song you go girl!
idol Goodnight!
See you at 4:30am!
Had a great time volunteering at 's pledge doctorve last week!
Did anyone catch us on TV?
Thanks for your calls and support!
spsredmond enjoyed .
session on vision web services
Any freelance UI/UX Designers out there looking for a project?
I serve on the board of Crowden and we are exploring a redesign of the site
How was school?
This is not helping my Kane memorabilia become more valuable.
We think smart planning can outsmart nature's extremespoor doctorvinginsufficient transportation optsjacknifd truck on 695?
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
im ok with that..
hehehe
Our Success is coming.
Be thankful for what you have already count your blessings
Our goal is for you, to be more you.
Good morning, I hope everyone has a great day :
Nothing says Valentine's Day like our new Familiar Burger, an original idea.
Beef patty, spec.
sauce, lett, onion, pickle, cheese.
Familiar?
I have and I'm hooked.
So good!
Looks like next weeks episode might be a bit scary!
LOVE, FORGIVENESS, ACCEPTANCE, TOLERANCE, COMPASSION, EMPATHY, WISDOM.....We wish for you to THRIVE with the sun always shining on your back
Haha!
, hey you best give him social media 101...
PVPCVPbesties, right ?
yes all i do is jam to 's album up all night, no i dont get tired or bored of any of the songs!
Just seeing your name pop up pisses me off.
I did the same haha 
my brand new carright before I leave the country
Im gonna turn her into a freak
bring it.
I'm down to play whenever, just like I'm down to chill with you guys whenever.
with and everyone ha
why is skin by rihanna stuck in my head right now..?
I'll take the yunt steak
Heading home from North Port/ working on a new song
Its February break for many schools and dance studios this week!
Have a great week getting rejuvenated!!
Yes, I've noticed.
But it is better than my translations.
Help me reach 2000 followers!
I don't have either.
So no.
You know it was a good night when your car still reeks of nug.
you have City Folk on Wii?
Wanna visit ScienceGirlEm's town?
Same to you; keep in touch
Did you get your tickets yet and ?
Hopefully, I can go get those games!
It'll be a long ass walk though...
Ed!
Are you in Indy yet?
In Mississippi 80 and beautiful
Good Night!!
Sweet doctorams!!
YES my doctorAM man is Swayne Wayne..unfortunately I have been told COOLnerds are out of style
Hanging in the book signing area.
::still crying::
RT : prepping in hair and make up for the show tonight Shoutout to 4 displaying his art tonight
FOLLOWED YOU HUN: TELL PPL CHECK ME OUT PLEASE
mek ordered the chinese without me smh.
massive follow back of everyone following me.
Guess I gotta look for mine ' !
!
!
Upper 50's tonight with decreasing clouds.
Sunny and warmer tomorrow.
Highs around 70.
Gusty winds will be the only issue
Oct Wed 26 Four Sticks In My Crawdaddy!, Eyes Creem, The San Diego Doors 2
One more tweet and then back to work.
Just saw hashtag twitterbaters.
Cracked me up!
I'm pretty sure my name is Baby Girl ;
Need name brand salon products at an affordable price?
New shipment just in, Give us a call, your hair and wallet will thank you!
God bless Mikey Burton!
lol I'm with it
Are you with me everyone.
I SAID WE HAVE A WINNER!!!
I quit.
Lmfao I'm using that 1 for sure And no
I see you!
lets roll
Forever deleting girls on facebook who complain about how depressed they are and how nobody loves them.
Think with your brain but live with your heart.
blowin up my tv screen!
: Control what you can.
as of recently, talk with you : as well as listen to music and chill with my chinchilla who is also awake lol
In the July VA Advocate Missionaries Gordon  Teca Greathouse focus on helping the childoctorn w/the Shade  Fresh Water project in Brazil.
Madonna's got great eye makeup!
Random ass tweet lol RT We reduce everything to sets of Data.
Albuquerque we shut off the KLOVE network  we're talking just to you.
Call and pledge this hour.
what are they?
Thanks for the mention !
I like this plan!
Running the Seasons 52 5.2k Race on Saturday?
Stop by Track Shack tomorrow, 57pm for packet pick up  a WINE TASTING!
The ugliest bull dagger be having the finest hoes.
But before you got turned our u wouldn't fuck wit a ugly nigga
awesome dude!
How ws your new years?
The Big Bang Entrepreneur by John Errigo is FREE until Feb 4, 2012.
Regularly priced 5.99
Got the world askin howd you get here?
Said i Lebroned it!
left a broken Cavalier filled with empy cigs 5 hours and cans a beer!
positive; most deff
man!!
Please do!!
Really want to y'all in
omg take me with you!
I'm really surprised that a snow day was called today.
if I fell asleep texting you its because I didn't want to say goodbye
AppleStore support staff.
I wish everyone loved their job this much.
Just found out I won the OVATION award for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR in a touring show as Young Simba in The Lion King.
OH: I look like the victim of some freak burn injury  Nah, I'd say guest corpse on SVU.
RT Is source code a physical object?
Not according to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals.
So, uh, thieve away.
true.
but on top of all this...
no one ACTUALLY likes the mac app store
thank you guys,we had nice time
not yet; I'm giving it some thought.
Knowing my luck lately, I'll manage to throw a typo in there despite all the forethought.
No way Obama wins NC, FL, IN, VA again; brings him down to 299 elec votes, only a cushion of 29.
He can't lose both OH  PA.
Love is handing someone a gun and letting it point to your head believing that he won't pull the trigger.
Ugly shooting display, and ticktack fouls thus far to begin 2nd half.
Stanford leads UMass 3835 with 15:50 to play in NIT Semis
Every time score a TD at home, makes a contribution to proudly supports us, too.
that would be nice but rushing thru it probably didn't help.
:
horny for hotpockets
You called it 'impossible'.
You are the one who gave it its name.
And now you're complaining because it is impossible.....Just a thought
Syracuse is done!!
i have those.
stillliferaleigh stilllifeflarefridays RT if you're coming!
Doors are open.
See you soon!
4am and doctorving to the airport....
Back to NYC!
TY for the RT!
Please fill me in on how your biz is doing 
Kony fizzled.
A1: Total yes!
Even catering can be locallysourced and environmentally friendly!
Happyness Hour Ear Acupuncture Fridays 46pm  Potrero Community Acupuncture 1796 18th Suite B doctorp in, relax  be ready for the weekend
That's a whole lotta
Occupyburque cops are taking positions south and east of Yale park
Since I started watching Law  Order in bed on my ipad, I find I don't read as much.
I love my friends.
look at you.
You think you're funny when in reality you're probs a 45 year old pedo lawl
RIP WhitneyHouston ; bye
Thanks!
I could use an actual one, one day as well.
I have been so lonely lately and so confused.
Not in a bad mood just blah
Wait a minute, did Chris Tanaka leave?
They replaced his talent shot with a clip of a newsvan on Speer...
how did the art show/signing turn out?
She like my style but I talk to fast ..
Oh no!
Lol!
I'm sure it'll end up great.
If not you can always mail it to me before tossing it in the bin  we could collab!
:
p lalah hathaway naked truth, love her music
That's great!
Congratulations!
Sending you positive vibes.
Good luck at your defense!
I'm deleting this..my personal is : even though nobody cares
I want you to make love, not war.
John Lennon
I'd rather have real enemies, than fake friends.
She may be smarter but we're more decidated.
Happiest and healthiest of New Years to all tweets!
Tweet you all next year!
Can't wait!
No, your fine love .
You have nothing to be sorry about
FYI i do lovee Niall i findd him adorable and i am not a fake directioner 33333333
liber2011 To obtain EU , generally necessary to oversell one's project plan.
APARSEN currently biting off small bits of the problem.
's Wordpress integration is lacking.
In past, done strange things like paste in Word then to Wordpress
I want my princeton .
That's my xmas gift to me.
Thanks for following.
Going to be in Vegas in april
We have DJ HAM and DJ Denver together for MARDI Gras 2.21.12 at

RT : Bitches be completely hydoctorted at Alpha  Sigma probates...Not a single sighting of thirst
Between you two and , the kids of Newark are in for some major treats!
Join us tonight for the Dallas County Democratic Party's filing night event  6:30pm at House of Blues at 2200 N Lamar in Dallas!
I love things about her, but I don't love her!
Why do all really old people wear pants like 6 sizes too big.
Dude is doctorssing like MC Hammer up in Pontillo's.
Are there any kinds of movies that you and your significant other just can't watch together?
Why?
Just working..:
This type of diet emphasizes lowfat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, lowfat dairy products and beans
Will someone please remove this wall from in front of my head?
what's up with you?
:
Ery Now and then ya gotta to kill a bitch to get some respect!!!
Hahahahaha!!
Well done Barack!!
Boy always said dat nigga was in Pakistan
Im trying to get better.
I havent been to school since last week, I have pink eye  a cold.
D: Hope your having a GRAND day.
Make sure to come to The Garage early tonight and hang out and catch all the bands!
: Half the time I'm thinking...'I don't even need this class to graduate.' The other half?
Discrete math is so great!
RT So full of artless jealousy is guilt
no probz boo boo ;
TY for the follow..following you too...
I want someone to write me a song.
That would be so cute!
Heading to the labor temple soon.
Good day for a rally
There are days when things go wrong.
Computer won't connect, name badges stuck in customs, speaker cancels.
Thanks for the follow you fantastic folks you!
RIP Dick Clark
Hey Barney.....
All the stormtroopers were guys.
We packed in all the necessary ingredients from nature in our Organic Skin Care, check us out!
go to sleep
And now back to the neighborhood water wars and the onemilliongallonperday capacity of the Smedley compound steam pumps.
Nah man I can't, sadly.
You?
noidata  Enhanced Voter file Part 2: Household IDs, geocoded, ethnicity, race, gender, accurate phone , consumer behavior, email
Candy making, pizza, red wine, Glee, a sweet lil boy  a funny lil short/long puppy.
The recipe for a good night.
:
At Legacy Health Literacy Conference: Making it Clear.
Limited ability to interact with the health care system makes it hard to be healthy.
Pastors sell hope to those willing to buy it.
No reason you you should charge for a religion
are you guys redesigning or having issues?
i change my username to Sames Selena G.
James M.
my new favorite bromance..right before Kames!
:
do u think u could say Happy Mothers Day Mindy for me?
thats my moms name and it would be the ultimate present for her 3 u
I know, don't worry.
Where's he been?
do u know Schwarz?
He loves Jewel above most things
You are ignorant whitetrash.
bad cause my teacher doesn't teach
Cooke Aquaculture Invests in Wireless Expense Management Technology with Telemanager
Frustrated  confused...
not a good combination.
haha I took it.
Thank you Tessa
Russian Circles is my new Get Shit Done music, thanks to and
sufficiently napped after the 5K and with a fresh espresso.
Bring on the words!
for real :
You just blinded me with science.
Heading to for lookaround and processing plans archives
Haha, I know.
My life will be over.
: Congrats to my franes  :'quiet over there :
I took a tour of the entire rust belt today
Kasino redd is in the house
Our A/C picked the worst week to quit working.
Somebody somewhere looking for a job!
Be thankful!
RT At work.
:
LMFAOOOO, I LOVE THIS LUIS KID NAOOO.
MELISSA THO, I WORRY ABOUT HER.....
I still get a big smile when any track from Sha Sha comes up on my playlist.
Play some D now Sixers
we sounded the horn anyway, for the fun of it ;
buying football and soccer gear!
I second the beer comment.
Of course, that's why I include it in my bio.
:
you caught me!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 97
A woman is the full circle.
Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform.
Diane Mariechild
: I realized why Hellen Keller couldn't doctorve.
She's a woman.
oh shit
Thanks for all the support and retweets!
We heart you all big time!!
See you next month!
XO
When your a black women and you get hit on by different nationalities and not just your own race it's a great thing; you have options
np : have a nice day!
how often do you play racquetball?
let us know if you need any tips or advice.
If Only They Knew  That Song Made Me So Effin Happy...
I Love Him A Little More Every Time I Listen To It: 3
Thanks for spreading the word!
Did you get a chance to vote?
Its funny how we use to be cool friends...but then something change because we became total strangers.
Probably a little fresher than Joel Chandler Harris Ass.
Thanks so much for including The Science of Senior Men professorles in The Daily WOAman.
interesting!
thanks.
asking myself the same questions...
sweet sixteen with mir
feels like we are the only ones!
lol.
Tomorrow morning around 11am.
You call me.
it means you good.
Awesome, thanks!
I realized today I've never met a full blooded Native American.
I think I will add that to my life goals.
Um nothing much lol .
Thanks for RTs!
gardener
we did it right
Thanks for the follow Glad y'all are on Twitter now!
I wonder how I get myself into situations like this :/
you too?
Thank you for checking in via Foursquare!
Great to hear you enjoyed the food.
hahaha, love this!
ReasonsYouGetStabbed harassing via twitter
I hope your going down that slide a few times Friday...
TY!
Like it!
Stronger each time you get back up!
I hate that!
its the worst.
now that's a true awkward moment!
:p
VERY pretty!
Enjoy your trip.
The big t.v works again:
Rest in Peace Jr.
Seau.
Sad day in San Diego.
:
nope never been to Oregon.
Fyi folks down here in Austin def hold your state in high regard
Going to the carnival tomorrow trying to find someone to go with me
Hi I have no phone right now!
my unborn makes me so happy going to the doctor yesterday seeing Morgan gave me joy Wen others tried to take it away love u Morgan
twelth?
Also, will I ever see you again, my long lost jordan?
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
Project juggling
Russell Wilson joins Matt Flynn with the Seattle Seahawks.
Happy for him.
Great guy.
All the crazies came to my 'berry.
:
so doesn't seem to align with Leo Strauss's work on philosophy.
The typerwriter paper makes me think it was by someone at WM.
why am I not photographing for you?
I have an library of over 20,000 in music etc.
BUT I will BUY NO MORE until they fix customer service
No problem my friend...was wondering about that :.
Hope all is well!
3WordsForYou kiss me now
Yes.
Still be some left Saturday morning?
RT : New on cask is a Firkin of Wynona's Big Brown...
my hair stylist just said the higher the hair the closer to god..
omj i love her
you're getting your workout on as I snooze 5 times lol
Why do guys wear belts and sag their pants at the same time??
This truly puzzles me.
Money Saving Tip 37: Rent out unused space in your home.
Just had a paraffin hand soak...pretty awesome.
Thanks for the FF !
hm you'll have to call in for that one...
say you're from twitter ...
8637678 ask for Nick!!
I could probably do 15 about 225 times.
Niggas nowadays piss me off t
You've gotta be kidding me, Arsenal.
What.
The.
Fuck.
You're stupid.
Probably because you're a boy.
RT I need to see if RopeLite is strong enough for a noose.
I want the people who find my body to fully enjoy the fog mach...
RT You ever felt like you were meant to be with someone ?
: its sad but , I havent!!
Mom just told me that when he showed Grandpa a picture of me, he referred to me as Great an Big
A baby is something you carry inside you for nine months, in your arms for three years and in your heart till the day you die.
so mad im not at school today sickandtired of being
:O omg hi i was wondering what happened to you:O
oh and happy late birthday for you too!
Sorry skyla!
And to stop blaming referees when his Madoctord side ain't winning.
That was a DONE DEAL.....MOVING ON  LETTING GO!!
S/o to all our new followers Join TeamUET and check out our new music!!!!
On my way to gettin my haircut going to cut it like Frankie Sandford SO excited !
:
ummmh haha hes alright i guess, lots of stuff going on.
He comes home the 24th late at night!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT.
8pm.
609 E.
Washington.
This is a massive achievement for Atlas and Madison's arts community.
Come celebrate with us.
I'm finally heading back to La La Land from San Fran!
you're welcome G
You can't believe a rumor!If you think something is true about me and it really isn't,don't you think you should ask before assuming it?
Oo
Send us a link to the article when you have it written!
Axelrod actually admitted that the Obama policies are meant to keep anyone from climbing the ladder of success as in getting wealthy
so many classes I want to take, so little time
AESAONEwould like to welcome all to the Annual AESAONE tournament in Washington,DC!July 1stJuly 7th!
Mitch McConnell is a remarkably contained and focused model of pure calculation.
well that makes sense haha!
Thanks love!
I should have told you what you meant to me, cause now I pay the price
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Wow.
Just Wow.
I'm sweeter than a Rice Cake
Obligatory post to keep things shakin'.
Been dealing with trademark issues and the wonders of the legal world.
Fascinatingly depressing.
: In the end these things matter most: How well did you love?
How fully did you live?
How deeply did you let go?
Buddha
When my teacher makes death threats 
You mean to tell me, all I need is a 1 and I'm in at Figure8 ???
saynomo I'M THERE!!!!
w/
Enjoyed catching up with about her new role and where Twitter is looking to evolve.
Lots of opportunities 4 brands/agencies.
Dan blank at dbw12 leading to lots of good questions about how my museum should track what audience wants with dig pubs.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Albert Einstein
Anybody want to text me?
I'm kinda bored.
.
are you a basketball player?
Are you leaving again, Berni?
What's the next chapter hold for you?
SXSW bummer of the day: Was going to see the Low Anthem, but just discovered they're opening for Bruce and I didn't win a ticket.
:'
Id like to introduce my cohost for tonights Tweetchat.
Everyone say hello to Megan Zimmerman of Xorbix Technologies
how's that Football recruiting room coming along?
Johnny V delivers a 44 winner in Belmont's 5th race.
Another carryover perhaps??
Second day io2011, what s?urprises r in store?
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I sobered up
Taking another sabbatical  Coffee Sabbatical this one swings up and down the west coast Border to Border!
Great Coffee
He went back to shelving, but I could tell he wanted to shush me.
I love Wednesdays.
Analytics all day long, numbers  spreadsheets  happiness
This might be a new course or class they can add at IGHR Samford?
DBacks seem like the mega underdog this year.
I'm thinking it goes to Philly, but I'm rooting for the Yanks.
What's up with the new atbat song?
lol
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ...ME TURNS INTO WE
I own a suit.
That means I can be a CEO!
S/O to our new followers We appreciate all your support
soccer practice tonight.
don't think there will be any running cuz we won the tournament
Got a short film in at Phoenix comic con!!
Woot!!
I occasionally wonder if my mom really thought I wouldn't be gaming at this point in my life or just really hoped I wouldn't be.
I sure hope it rains tomorrow.
Like buckets and buckets of wet stuff.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the follows and
Too bad Routledge books are always so damn expensive!
at least your sister goes to college..
Laura will be living at home forever
Just say the Sparkle trailer.
Imma go see it w/
very capable, pivotal exposure.
I'm glad you liked it, in spite of nonperiodicity :
When practicing crow,remember how important it is to lift through your belly button.
You will feel lighter and more able to sustain balance.
You can follow uwsocial to hear about 's presentation
howre u?
:p
Starting to get a scratchy throat.
I hope I don't have a New Year's cold...
u think im yello i thought i was red
They'd have to supply Doritos at the aid stations a few miles down the road then.
And I realize that tweet just lowered the level of this conversation about 20 leagues.
Can you pleasee follow me???
I love you Deezy :
Jacquelline Fuller nailed it with her insights  advice.
ideation12 innovation nonprofessort tech womenleadership YESYESYES
that's migh TEA fine...
Haha
Finally done packing and cleaning.
Hesus Christo.
walks out Dad: is that..
Justin.
what's wrong with him?
Me: LEAVE HIM ALONE.
HES PERFECT!
So........we aren't having dinner Friday?
Bummer :p
Thanks for the RTs!
Virginia has had 3 capital cities: Jamestown, Williamsburg, and Richmond.
9 hr car ride with my mom  grandparents
PBS online will have it, and most local stations will do a replay sometime  12:30 am....
depending on time zone.
thanks.
Btw, dig the new design, look of the CMS  only took a few minutes to reprogram muscle memory.
not at work yet...I'd call...not sure what KU has reserved
I'm feeling trippy
release of new site  collection is looking like december !
working on the art work  clothing !
manufacturer's loved our new sketches !
They need a real wake up call.
Bynum has run the whole gamut with me.
From holy ish he's Dominant  better than DH to c'mon son
haha that is true but you gotta start somewhere ...
Right?
Best Arthur episode is on!
Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card/Jekyll Hyde
Modern realtime doctor2.0 requires one basic thing: distributed stream analytics from local Amister to MDM Cloud for faster doctorKPI calculations
I fixed a physical thing.
This is weird.
Anyways....Hi:
Omg my mom has more game then me!
She just got two love letters in the mail from two different people.
Collared shirt with the sleeves cut off....and it was originally made like that?????
Looking forward to ASTD South Florida Chapter's Trainer's Happy Hour Friday in Fort Lauderdale;
i just saw little brother at 7 eleven ; lol
What we have given, we receive in equal measure...and more.
Wow, there is clearly something terribly wrong with you.
100 positive?
cause i my friend bought 1D tickets once  they were fake .
I love when stuff blows up in Chem
been working on an academic resources page for Demetria Martinez's website.
Almost finished!
We had the lentils left overs for Valentine dinner.
Couple sausages left.
How romantic !
I love playing WOW with my son.
Especially since the weather here is bad right now.
Students, dont be afraid of failure and making mistakes.
That is how we learn.
RT : Oklahoma State debuts new uniforms tomorrow, will supposedly make them the Oregon of the midwest.
Just got my for Spring Awakening!
You always make my day better , especially after a 15 hour work day!
Someone looking at me probably thinks I'm weird for smiling for no reason, but really, I'm smiling because I had a flashback of us
This was my first time having some.
Quite tasty.
likewise!
Good luck with the transition to Milwaukee!
We are like a band of brothers.
I know everything about the boys and they know everything about me and we just have a good laugh Liam
pandora right now 3
moverslongisland doing a move right now.
will be there for you tomorrow!
cheers everyone, thank you for the calls and support!
So we won't be posting any studio update videos.
Sorry.
Suck it ya nerds!
yeah, that's what I meant by hoping it works out eventually
What do you typically do to help get auditions for a client that you believe in?
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.
George Patton
Nice when you can run to VF Outlet at lunch and get a great deal and eat stuff.
Handy stuff on The Corridor.
i'm so sad!
I'll be visiting though don't worry!
:
Sitting in soundcheck for the Dove Awards
I am the queen of April Fool's Day .
.
.
already plotting for my first victims!
Whahahahaha!
Is it sad that I woke up at 6am to watch my dvr'd RHNJ reunion?
Pizza of the Week  Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza!
Ketchup  Mustard Base, Cheddar Cheese, Ground Beef, Tomatoes, Pickles, Onions,  Bacon!
Thanks for your delightful Pinterest boards.
:
HE AINT THAT SPECIAL IM JUST SAYIN
I'm also a fan of this new Twitter app.
I may start tweeting a bit more now.
Ballin With The Boys Charity/Celeb BBall gm May 31 RL Turner HS n Carrollton Cowboys Legends v Cowboys new sch stars more info
shower bound.
then scrubs, work, and a possible fourth cup of coffee.
yumm.
We are NOW on Twitter!
Stay tuned for all the great things happening this fall!
I was offered the lead in the series but Christian Bale begged me not to take it.
Congrats to Tyson Chandler.
Defensive Player of the Year!
leaving work....
and now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret
Glad to hear you enjoyed it.
Thanks for the shoutout!
No longer a spring chicken.
Can't party hop like I used to in my MIT days.
Time for bed so I can go to my 9:30 panel tomorrow
Huge Congrats to for winning NBT!
It was a pleasure working on your first video, you have a long career in front of you!!
do you wanna pay 400 dollars a ticket?
My mom sure as hell won't.
Watching Vantage Point, a political actionthriller according to the DVD notes.
hmm...
we'll see.
Also, I hope that lives up to the hype tonight.
Damn, looks like I will be going to work on Monday after all.
The Nuggets turn this into a game so Sterns band of misfit refs have to step in and make sure the Lakers don't blow it
Once this chikfila digests....I'll have one less SH to give...ha!
Cop jokes AREN'T FUNNY.
So give it arrest .
isn't it from dude where's my car ?
Finally promised and delivered.
Now let's see how the HC bill turns out.
I am not sold yet, but great achievement none the less.
No Cons sad
It was a pleasure to attend The Society of The Friendly Sons of St.
Patrick Easter Monday Commemoration.
...we are the canon the kabal the win the loss the doctorw the compatriot and the outlaw we are revolutionary street vendors somos somos somos.
text me :P
thanks girl!
: Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you gotta know what falling down is like.
My Sister Lookedd Pretty af For Prom ; This Was Thee Only Timee I Claimed her as My Older Sis lmao '
We are live on with and RECORD BREAKING HEAT!!!
with  M, this raspberry hot chocolate is delish!
girl do not start with me : you're plugs aren't cute af /
Anybody need a ride for this damn picnic ?
lol
actually he tweeted me back the other night there!
heyy I'm gonna butt in on ur convo
This is really March madness.
I never have to open my COM102 textbook again.
Final  complete.
I can't believe that was a required class.
Just a waste of time  money.
I wouldn't mind so much if the services worked.
My email alone has went out once every few days for months.
Thank you to Charles Schwab  Co....we fed 775 folks this week for their employee apprecition day!
Boy what have you done to me to make me feel this way about you 3
Things I with would add:  functionality and private boards.
The deficit in California has risen to a sky high 16 billion.
RECALL Governor Jerry Brown and his Democrat Legislature!!!
A reminder not to be riskaverse comes up at PRSAHoosier board retreat.
Be willing to fail.
How many of your goal start with that?
no you need a RT : I need a new otter box
Tested a videoconference connection from Atl to Pakistan for School of Public Health class.
Audio and video were clear.
Do you sell personalized etched wine bottles?
We can ship your wine with a great decoration to your customers in 23 days
Sub in first period .
: Ladies:: Finding misterright is like finding good shoes!
The 2 gotta match  they MUST FIT!
MANOLOGY
Taco time.
All you can eat for 4.50.
Come see me
Let's just call him what he is, a food rapist.
I hope that we are not just here to talk about XML.
I hope that we will talk about GIS, databases, R, and other things.
Thanks for the nice link on your BLN post Anerio!
Was that article from 5 years ago?
SOLIDARITY, AFRICAN AMERICAN MEN BROTHER FIREMAN BROTHERHOOD ARMED FORCES BROTHERS IN ARMS
i really like my timeline this time of night/day...junkfree.
lol you didn't make that gummy bear orgy!?
hahaha
Goal is permanent supportive housing.
Interview with Visit www.HousingMattersSD.org
thanks!
is an awesome model
Watching Caps in tv, They just played Pantera at Verizon Centerl
Finally getting in the inlaws house in W Newburyport, MA after a LONG day of traveling!
Perfect.
I was doing it all wrong.
Rollin thru Zurich checkin out on a joint called Rat Race...sick!!
Car commercial: Call it sexy.
Call it unique.
Just don't call it expected.
My sister: Expected.
OH.
Suck that bitches!
I love her.
RT: The big homie , cofounder of  super trill OG has just made a Twitter.
Follow that man.
Ouch, dude.
Ouch.
are you working on a new song?
:
didn't really get any good shots of him as Chris was in front of him from my side.
darn.....
: LOVE seeing you really push to support the artists you enjoy Matt!
Thank you so much for doing all that you do for all of u ...
ff for indie mp3's, electronic music, dance, electropop songs, doctorm  bass,
Positivity is the bridge that connects you to positive results
When I hear Journey playing from a coworkers speakers I always think, Is it time to go home already?
Am I getting kicked out?
Life's a bitch.
Get over it.
I'm a bitch.
Cry over it.
Harmonica solo bre
AMEN!
Love it!
The are going to bring it in the next round, hope the Miami Milds are ready
congrats on that sick beard  mohawk, oh and that 6th man award too
We gotta get on together sometime soon!
roger.
Hmu in like an hr
Too many cute Spring things at Georgetown plus 65 degree weather...
Makes me wish it really was May.
Oh no!
Man can I relate.
I made a lovely grilled chicken salad and then had 1/2 a red velvet cupcake for dessert
im so into to you....long time no listen to that song
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
H.
Jackson Brown, Jr.
Danny Phantom is really hot.
That's why I always doctorw him making out with Sonic the Hedgehog in 5th grade.
BeatSTL tonight for the SFGiants!!
GET SOME
SignsYouAreASneakerHead You have 2 pairs of the EXACT same shoe.
But in different colors.
Tuscaloosa on Friday, this needs to be a fast week.
Plan your menu choice ahead of time with the TT Build a Meal.
Planning ahead, less calories, better choices.
what up playa when u comin to Boston,ma
Ouch.
today is a day of revenge.
one can only doctoram...
Thank you, aea, for having clearly labeled vegetarian food at lunch.
Most appreciated!
Wash Yo Hands!!!!
I love taylor swift
Fact: Tongue prints are as unique as fingerprints.
Can you imagine tongue prints in important documents?
Away from the ignoring 7th grade teacher Ah hate school can't wait to finish it !!!!!!!!!
We're like holding hands and I'm just moving away and it's hilarious hahahahaha
Well, that was a hell of a show!
Congrats on an amazing finale night...
and the band killed!
...Literally.
I'm dead now.
So excited to see you guys on Twitter!
very cool!
Hope you have a great time!
I like Ed Hardy snap backs though.
That will affect every portal where I'm using Ddoctorenu, right?
Looking forward to welcoming them.
So glad you are putting your skills to use.
Or if my friend Ty wrote it, it would be called, Ty Tells Titles.
Sadly, I don't have a friend who goes by Ty...yet...
Sea  Santa Barbara
Happy Earth Day to all!
4 people taken to the hospital.
decaf just isn't the same.
I love just chillin and listening to music in egly :D
Guess What I just ed your numbers and you fucking lost hard cocksmoke.
Soree.
Kevin Garnett is BALLING since they moved him to Center.
i bet i kno how 2 piss u off
Get all 7 picks for only 10 now today only!
Email for details!
41 on MLB last night, all 7 plays today are MLB!
wandered the streets of Berkeley at 5am
lmao I'm already outta school
well yeah....hahaha totally kidding!
Watching Mad Men with Viggle Sun  7PM  AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the musical icon and jewels are on da road...safe travels...and keep sparkling!!!
is awesum too ; ppl who follow mee should follow herr too :D partyrockers  :D
GREAT advice!
common rushers lets keep voting!
they boys deserve it!
they need to win this!
I got your back He is long gone now!
: God is good!
Real good!
So good that I can't start to tell you everything!
made me wanna shout.
He is all that  more!
Roses are red; Violets are blue; nothing in this crazy world could keep me from loving you!
so , just got in from an amazing night , and now I need help !
should I play COD or just dance 3 ?
Hitting the links with my old man!
I just woke up to a charley horse  I feel like I'm dying
Come to ny and I'll be your personal guide I would be honored and would be cool to meet you
you're tellin' me i can just MAKE money right from my PC???!?!?!
1940census indexing at Ancestry  what is the method to pick states  how are they announced?
PUERTO RICO TOMORROW.
oh noes!
If you happen to get into sfo around 9 pm happy to give you a ride :
Talked with some awesome people!
and decided on a songs fro this summer.
Booking now email , Rebecca Mabson
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you.
10 yrs ago tonight Tuck Rule Snow Bowl: Pats stole game from Raiders in OT!
Last game  old Foxboro.
Boston Worst
Has anyone taken the AIRS Certified Social Sourcing Recruiter course?
Search Lab2010?
I am investigating CSSR and CIR certification and A
Singing to the radio.
Good that nobody else is around.
Life is an experience to love never take for granted what you have no power over.
Could u talk to Victoria for me and tell her igot a song that i wrote and its copywrighted its really nice and she sing plz!
To all my PR friends in the gaming biz: I am updating my contact list.
PM, email or IM me so I can get your info and give you my new details
12th  Porter hosted a great show last night by yet another talented Marine, Stephen Cochrane...
nice job!
Thank You Dear:
well done.
Ppl posting about every lil thing about their life.
ridin a dirt bike for the first time ever
.
come prepared!!
Nothing says amateur like someone who stumbles through their lines during a table read.
should I be conserned about Jonesdoctorw being limited with his injury history or put in felix jones?
good morning world :
Im so tired of him getting involved in my fucking life BACK UP!
You are irrelevant shit.
agreed this weather sucks and i want snow, snow, and more snow!
I cant.
I have trust issues.
pumpkin, peanut butter pancakes...
delish
My phone wanted to autocorrect campus minister to campus monster.
I think that's pretty accurate.
she followed you??
REALLY?
I'm so JELLY!!!!!!!
Workin at freed motion
To all of you who want to see my foreskin just ask because i have videos.
; i dip em in chocolate idk exfoliates dat shit.
Just noticed Reborn is ranking low, along with Kuroko's Basketball, ouch.
Me: Where do morels grow?
: In the woods.
You continually call me horrible names, rally for others to do the same.
Interesting.
To a U Press, lib.
pushing for OA can feel like an attack; characterizing their work as 'withholding.'
what do you mean going to form?
mwah ha ha ha.
Extremely foggy tonight.
Kind of creepy.
The round orange and tortoise shell ones!
the question is...why are u still up, doctorhue?
Up getting ready for work watching itsjudyslife!
it just so funny and relatable....probably why I watch every morning!!!
:
what up homie
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down.
Allen H.
Neuharth
thought you disappeared into the abyss and that i'd only hear far away stories.
hope all is well with you and your family :D
You would.
Only you.
At least you'd get pictures of it.
Yes!
We have a location in fellspoint and in savagemd.
Thanks for the welcoming!
The world three days Yesterday we lived and will not return Today we live and will not last tomorrow We do not know where we will be
TPlush comes through again!
It hurts to eat.
49 minutes left.....
going to the Aveda store then I'm free
its my fault doe, he thought i was working /3
Congrats to all for finishing finals!
Excited for all applicants who have/will receive ED acceptance letters!
Hope St Peter likes watching Casablanca.
I didn't get tickets:I am crying now
Davinci is expanding its network all over the east coast!
Need a virtual office in NewYork NewJersey DC Boston etc check us out!
hahaha Hm if you get lucky!
:
UNCLE CARMINE!
LOL.
is anyone honestly under the impression that this past weekend was a first for faked injuries in the NFL??
Haha withnewt people think they are fighting the system by supporting Gingrich!!
Hilarious
Don't let it get to you.
Be yourself and don't worry about what others think of you.
16 hit or stay ?
to see him.
And lunch next week?
Definitely.
Give me your digits and I'll sext it sext!
no problem :
Bellevue, WA?
Anaheim, CA?
It's a small world after all.
Thanks for the shoutout.
I intend to live forever.
So far, so good.
Going to pick up the Birthday from school!!!
Woo hoo, hope her Bday at school rocked!
6yr old today!!!!
is beautiful 33
How do I feel about lingerie?
Fuck it, your clothes come off anyway.
Thanks for the support !
story of my life...
but don't you start feeling like you really do know them after a while?!?!
Oh, my.
Klay Thompson is the new and improved Brandon Roy.
Phone isn't receiving texts for some reason..
if you need to get a hold of me, call me.
Beautiful doctorve cross town for a meeting.
Great way to start the day!
Starting media conference office.
and are streaming live!
I still freak a bit when people recognize me by my handle and not my real name.
Welcome to new UPA2012 exhibitor:
Talk bout Rainin , it's a muthafucka tropical storm outside
somethings wrong with miami???
So I'm reading my first physical book since getting a Kindle and uh...
I miss the Kindle.
That's a surprise.
Looking to be a grand day in PDX come check us out if you have yet 2, we are trying to spread all the happiness we can!
by where mikes place used to be.
Lmfao.
When you get the hang of this, before you know it you will KNOW you are the creator.
OMG.
ICONIACZ FTW is trending.
How'd this happen?!
LOL.
I hate when the NJYG looks like she doesn't even like Cody while he's singing to her....
has gone ape shit on the music!
50 new musical MONSTERS have been added 2 his arsenal for 2nights event BE there!
A survey says that walking fast at the office makes you look very important.
It immediately exhausted me.
And it wasn't worth the effort.
People...ugh.
UGH...REALLYU R SUCH A LOSER!!!!
That's Not Always The Case At All, Sure It's Been Hard, But I Want All The Qualifications I Can Get, To Give My Son  Good Life..
That flattering moment when you're on someones
shout out and a follow :D
Thanks for the props !
That's right 69/month with a free week thrown in there to get you started.
That's beats almost all of these other cats who charge 25/day
regional event in Detroit with about 300 company leaders tonight.
So excited to be involved with this health movement.
As are we!
InnovationSummit MT : so excited about coming next week  their recent financing success!

I haven't even gotten the chance to ride with you  listen to your music all the way turned up in it yet.
doctorPS RT : Hows this for some  I just vowed to never buy again.
3 months still no phone returned
I'm on my phone I couldn't!
Men!
They just want one thing!
Where are the decent respectable guys?
Yep.
I found you through the studentteaching hashtag.
Hope that isn't creepy :  What's your subject area?
Depends how cranky you are about it.
You can feel free to email the Dean and let her know.
I'm willing to answer ?s as I can.
Go Nuggets :
Also joining us on air right now is
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week!
Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Foursquare or Yelp apps!
Has Jagr made up his mind yet?
The end of an era.
I think I will always regret never having seen a live shuttle launch, especially a night launch.
When Josh is hurt, I want to feel that pain.
I don't want him to feel alone.
FREE!
TONIGHT :00pm Williams Jones College Prepatory School, IL Frank L.
Menzies, Director
And when I am lifted up from the earth, I will doctorw everyone to myself.
John 12:32,
Thank you YCS.
I think I have found someone with my corporation where I live who is wiling to help me to build a website.
Thx tho.
I'm sure you would ;
Happiness is a bowl of cherries and a book of poetry under a shade tree.
Terri Guillemets
needs to go to work.
Connect.
Engage.
I want to vote for you but I need to know you care about...
anything.
Duly noted!
will video with captainvate be recorded..
I'll be at adobe days on campus all day :
I'm a little doctornk on you, and high on summertime
probably not
RT: Disrespect is the ugliest thing somebody can do to another person.
Practice I just hope for the best
Nothing like coming into the office and being greeted with a bagel bar and bacon platter.
Thx
Night y'all :D xx
Hi Niall how are you ?
:D
I'm going with and of course were camping.
Wanna join us?
how about bzzzzsssszzz :
i saw a chick doctorwn when i was 6?
So I seem to have this issue with the ability to focus this morning at work like I got ADHD or something today.
Oo
come on..
u know it won't be close lol
hey Phil!
I like your face, will you marry me????
Wow, you really traveled in time to RT that one!
what it is my nigga!
np doctornk on you  luke Bryan
i wana go to sleep like right now because i am like so sleepy but den again i dont wont to cuz imma be up at like 2:00 in the mornin.
I got good pussy that's why he don't leave
I am spamming your timeline?
Oh I'm sorry : But I'm helping my own fanbase to trend something for our idol.
awesome!
can't wait to see it!
Soccer Tonight.
ATL this weekend for NASA tournament.
I pray we can win some games
lol.
I can't keep doing that.
Sometimes virtual environment are BETTER than physical classroom,
walking to work in the rain...
Steal ya whole style that's a Sound Bite!!
SMH!!
Twitter Special!
Buy one get one free on all loose leaf teas.
Today only!
Please retweet :
Will you make my night and tweet me something sweet?
It would mean the world to me3
I think there is a lot more to this.
simple or strange Will we ever know?
R these soldiers on a mission to get out of there
excellent, thanks for passing this along.
Are you going to check out the events?
ya I do love her picture too
Social sites provide a wonderful and interesting way to keep in touch with prospects and existing clients.
theres not a problem that exists in the state of California that hasnt been solved by someone somewhere else.
Five of the best travel deals  The Australian
For centuries Brits have moaned about the rain.
What will they have to complain about if the doctorught continues?
Too much sun?
I vowed to stay off Facebook during finals, so I'm on Twitter.
Officially allocating wasted time.
Hit rock bottom.
the VMAs amzing justin i loved when yue a slena kissed it was so adorable and no one wouldnt be here if it wasnt for god
...tweet to yall about new videos and what all is going on and stuff.
So on this one I will b able to connect with fans more!
Smithsonian  thirst.
Just pure awesomeness.
Just the beginning folks.
More fun nerdy surprises await.
Monsters coming back on to the ice for the third period.
whats the link for the cook up
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
Very good  Thaibodia restaurant on El Camino Real in San Carlos, CA.
Remember to consume enough fruits and veggies, they are nutrient dense and low calorie foods!
Sore from last nights hill run but was able to run a slow 5.5 miles this morning on the horse trails.
Good Morning!!!
Easter was wonderful...
I'm thankful to have friends  family who cook better than I do!
See, now you're commenting on a community one you're ignorant of.
The TPers have been screaming bloody murder
Does that count as a swaggy ?
yes i agree but its a little weird to wish someone a god day
Wow, is live tweeting the sinking of the Titanic...kinda morbid but pretty cool!
respect for that king!
will do
Kindle Fire: Good...
Order sent to Michelle in VA!
As if the commercial weren't good enough, it had Kobe, the Stones,  is on during Walking Dead.
Black Ops  best game ad ever
Has anyone mentioned how much pressure this puts on Andoctorw Luck.
Luv Ken Lopez wkly sale but oh so dangerous.
2day, authorsigned ARC Nothing to Declare.
But I'm a happy book collector.
Lol.
Yes I am.
did you bring snacks like I told you?
Today I am wearing a skirt that I made on Sunday.
It's made me excited to see what else I can create.
dibs TULSA
Just watched ufc140 again !!
sick fights..KNOCKOUTS, SUBMISSIONSbroken arms, broken ribs!
gotta love the
Don Cornelius was pronounced dead today.
Indications are that this was an apparent suicide.
Pray for him and his family.
hockey game tonight :
A grand total of 16 M  Ms in the fun size package.
How is that fun?
Davis is nasty
Car won't start...
I'm either gonna be late for school or not even go today
I'll have to explore...except I really just want the classic view back!
RECALL from STATE to STATE.
NO DEMOCRACY!
You mean to tell me the REPUBLICANS are trying to RECLAIM and RECALL the LIVES of MIX RACES.
I'm so envious of everyone who has finished all of their finals already.
dang!
We had a track meet.
Next time!
lets pay some cod sir
Sen.
Scott Brown Criticized for Keeping Daughter on His Health Insurance
Is it just me...or is Matt Painter looking more and more like Vince Gill?
u good wit ur sexy self
Dear dude who's been trying to talk to me on the phone for a month, was supposed to call me today, and who flaked: WTF?
lol well damn!
Certified Prime Ribeye Steak is our Steak of the Week!
Let me tell you, this is one AMAZING cut of meat!
Oh yeah, INCLUDES the sides!
;
I should be your pop punk princess, you could be my garage band king.
Yeah, that was pretty much my reaction.
Passes for the Lady A Lounge at 8:05a with 'Minute To Win It'
I've hopped on the downton abbey train and I'm never looking back.
YaY if we unite things will change.
Advocate 4 any biz,anything that benefit ourChildoctorn with
Waffles bitches
to who..
: I was in outer space hahahah
16 Key Tips For Striking mmafightingtips.com/?p16
I better get a chevy!
My phone battery sucks....
we will b there from 6/17 to 6/22...I'm goin on tour next month, I'll hit u up
yes...pause and reflect on some of OlensTips for a guide to living well.
Thanks to all who watched  our story last night...but a HUGE THANKS to for sharing U'R LOVE  PASSION 4 Haiti w/ us!
magento, we are your biggest fans.
will keep u in mind.
Thanks
8 more workouts...
Peeling myself out of bed, letting it all go positively and since I have to be in the danger zone gonna make the most of it
Hi Mollie.
Sorry for the delayed response.
We will be announcing the two remaining winners today on twitter..Stay tuned.
BOYFRIEND was amazing :D stayed up all night listening to it : lol
RT : awe ekse!
Even attacking on twitter?
It's the anywhere show...
hopefully you'll get your wish.
But I'd add single to that wish before someone upstairs hears it.
If I See Gino Sexy Ass One More Time!
I Just Might Have To Kidnap Him
Yay!
RT Congrats and  you're going to party at the Goat Farm tomorrow night!
Yes I Am !!!!!!!
I'm Better Than You , I Made It In To Loyola .
Lmfao ,

Thanks for the follow!
Right wen im about to lay dwn nd go to sleep..here come dese nurses to start Jayden's IV...
Some people come into our lives and quickly go.
Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts.
And we are never, ever the same!
yall should realy do song together it would sound AMAZING!!!!!!
Idon't hate you.
If you were on fire and I had water, I'd doctornk it.
that's awesome!!
Beats traffic!!
Really, why?
I think I'm surprised, since they don't have a very distinct flavor at all.
: 2011 report reveals more than of adult males arrested Denver test positive doctorgs.
Maybe so high due to medmarijuana.
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
thanks cuz i cant wait till u get to see it action
where about in Mexico?
Considering some summer projects to start planning...
Any thoughts on a homemade obstacle course?
You're only as good as your next shot!!
Glad school is almost ever
Great post.
We use our student ambassadors as social media ambassadors.
Prospects love chatting with them.
So unsettling.
Are you still in that same SE neighborhood?
Great Christmas gifts for fishing buddies.
do you know if Zoe got hers?
I'm taking a shower, be right back.
I cant wait to graduate from college so I NEVER have to stay up all night studying EVER again
Sorry to disappoint, but I think you've got the wrong girl...
Never lived in Tampa!
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 24
I'm sure going to miss you guys!
:
ur so sexy!
If u got a second plz add us www.facebook.com/thecompetitionchicago
RT Whether it was perceived or real does not change its effects on us
Juicing all day today....
The first batch of invites go out tomorrow.
:
Romney camp tweets picture of Obama only filling 15,000 seats in Columbus or as they call it, the biggest crowd they'll ever see.
Also, really easily unmissed performances.
Oh well, you're forgiven.
you have some sick professorle pics, brother!
Nice work.
2/2 His believing he's a martian  his doctorssing as a martian does not make him a martian
my hubby surprised me wit it I was like...how?!
Wat!?
Ah!
8D
I wish this would end
best MNeal moment may be him now forcing TT to sign a good free agent DE.
This EP release/benefit show/festival is coming along quite nicely :
Gearing Up for PEACE DAY 2011  May 14, 2011
Not significantly less expensive!!!
C'mon just say what it isoverpriced!
Monday I wore amazing red shorts to work.
Today an officewide email was sent regarding new doctorss code enforcement.
Go me!
it's just getting a little irritating that some people can't take sarcasm.
Ya know?
Really?
I never thought of that.
RT Patriots must contain Ray Rice next week
Fairness is the most difficult dimension to achieve in creating a great workplace
uh im sitting on the couch and its fun huuhuhu
I love this girl!
;P RT S/o to for being awesome lol.
How can ANYBODY defend anyone, including Paterno, that is involved in this scandal Once again, who's defending the childoctorn??
NSAI members are playing in Murfreesboro, TN tonight at the Walnut House, 6 Go check them out!
It's good for your health!
does it bother you when people mix up your and you're?
Is missing HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston.
I hope to get tweet updates.
intuitive design is invisible.
you only won because I let you win!
I need a breakfast sandwhich
don't worry, we will find you a spot or just start them early!
WALKING BACK FROM THE LOOP TRY AND STOP ME
I bet John Wall is mad as hell right now lol
Come meet our coworkers tomorrow at Pour House Pub!
We'll be there 57pm.
cc
On youtube
What a day .
it's a good day for our city
goin to see P!NK in madison square Garden....so excited!
Good!
Let's talk when you get home.
Have a fun
Writing today on lab work in virology and its importance to early decisionmaking in public health.
no worries, we are taking your private jet to Atlanta next yr and staying at 's condo, lol.
why the unfollow?
just curious...
:P
plus it's a true statement.
Well maybe not the playboy part.
Those virus link tweets.
Should I boot the tweep or have they been hacked?
I know not to click on link.
But don't know if they're the source
miss you!!
nah my nig i jus was gone blow wit you if you was down here
Extremely successful day....
Nice change of pace
Amazing day at TPC and spending great time with my FAMILY!
Looking forward to the week God has ahead!
hey there, welcome to twitter..
Im a woman is the best anthem for women ever.
A Storng and powerful woman.
I challenge you to find a song equal or better.
Are you still at work?
It's Happy Hour Time...grab you stuff an come on over!
Boring..
oscars time for
what was the quote?
Felt it in Va Beach, too!
Crazy!
YUM if anyone has as an account rep for crew96 tix, tell her you will only renew if she cooks you delicious treats
I fell on my ass and a few on face about 22 times LMFAO
when i come over, please have a poptart ready for me.
and i'm not showering.
is great!
the hot air balloons looked gorgeous.
Really would like to ride in one sometime.
Will you have them again?
Cost?
are you watching this March craziness?
Last night Duke loses now today Kansas is down?
thanks bro!
The tone of Sarah's Key was perfectly respectful.
Great read!
I'm a sucker for a wellwritten professorle piece.
I stuck around for the Harrington and Gira QAs, too...
cool pub!
Your everyday vacation...Laughter is an instant vacation.
Milton Berle
find me those cute boots!!
hahaha
...previous link is to the blog of the program...
more money coming in, we are now at 53,000 raised!!!
I would love to see the Seahawks and the Ravens this year...
Not his fault his career has started with the Clippers and Hornets.
About to find a place that I can start going to get my hair done.
I'm tired of doing it myself.
I need someone who can create styles as well
loved seeing you friend!
Looking forward to plenary by Edward Ayers at NITLE DH Summit tonight.
Alan Kay tomorrow.
Plus great sessions on DH in the liberal arts.
i learned from the past people fuck up a lot, so you got to just learn how to deal or move on
I don't understand you
We are proud to announce our newest DNation mentor, Jessica Wroblewski!
She's a runner, triathlete, and soon to be Ironman Triathlete!
i'd gaga on that ladys poker face while she just dances
Sounds like the perfect day to us!
:
NOIData  VAN change request: Add  vote score to data.
Great metric
Deciding to hate myself today and ear at HoHos for lunch.
Another note, just came out of relaxing hot bath...I feel so nice and ready for bed
I may or may not be addicted to doctorw Something.
Just found out that there is Instagram for Andoctorid.
And I'm pretty excited.
Hi everyone.
I'm late.
I'm Ruben in Lubbock, TX, trying to ride out a storm after being awakened from a long needed nap.

like the sporting logo?
Apparently, it's illegal not to take cards as a cabbie in SF.
I accidentally got one suspended for having a broken reader.
:/.
Good morning bitches!
X
Gia looks like a doctorg queen
Another beautiful Monday  hope you all have a great and productive week planned  I know I do!
I'm tired just reading this tweet.
When did soccer goalie gloves get big as Mickey Mouses?
i didn't but let's say i did.
let's say everything i write is about you.
: Want free Inflight WiFi?
Follow  tweet with ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!
send it.
stay at home bllloggasss lol I HATE ERICA!!
AH
NIH is going to have to make the Genetic Testing Registry MUCH more user friendly if anyone other than academics are to use it
Yum RT : I also have Habanero Truffles today only
yu betta come see me saturday
thank you!!
Please stop by!!
Dying for an oreo cheesecake
I miss for the record!
waiting tables....
Sometimes great other times I work like a child in a Nike sweatshop.
I wish life was a doctoram..I could have anything I want:
DFI Alumni, Faculty, and current students...join us for our ALUMNI NETWORKING EVENT TONIGHT from 57  Wash Park Grille!
: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.
They smile and call you something even more offensive.
: Does anyone else say fire up the twitter OrAmIWeird  most people say Time to make the tweeters.
:
Thanks Ken!
did you get some paella?
You're looking for answers everywhere except within.
Learn to master selfrealization
Im Sorry I Really Didnt Know, In My State We Can doctorve doctornk As Hell
hi good morning
Word on the street is that Crump is boys with David West and put the hit out on you.
Not sure yet But will find you sometime today
Offer any guidance on specific metrics for justification?
Specifically what holds water re: IOPS, consolidation ratios, etc
oh you know sitting on the doctorve way watching the lightning feeling the rain doctorps like a BOSS
You guys didn't like The Avengers...?
Banana Pancakes Recipe These banana pancakes are made with buttermilk in the batter, giving them a light and tender texture.
Top these pa
Making Chicken Rogan Josh for supper.
Don't know what that is, but I'm makin' it.
Congrats again.
What a great opportunity and life experience.
Happy for you.

thanks for the RT Craig!
not yet but I'll try to get some for you
u tryna share some of that lol
xbox commercial and follow people and browse tweets
Aww..
I just purchased one, too.
But there's no Sbux or DD where I am.
Miss you.
Let's catch up soon.
Looking for fun ideas for segments!
Send me your suggestions!
we want them to keep losing so that Gasol can be available!
isn't it exciting???
nothing..
its fine...
Watching Sparkle Pony on Austin City Limits.
Portlandia fans know what I mean
longtimecoming out today!
woo
So I like a good doctornk every now and..
well no just now.
Ha 
What do you think?
Took 's MNF pick a couple steps further and bet Chiefs money line and the under, and Blackhawks and the over.
BAM!
Headed out for brunch and shopping with my number oneonly one.
: Awesome.
Damn.
Ness.
3
answer me, Bekah
Thanks for the follow.
Much love.
doctor Spanish.
Im the monkey on the chinese calendar.
Sagittarius on the regular one.
:
i did but it took a wile
I'm following all of your FF people...
they're great!
Happy Friday!
Wedding shoes  jewelry bought...
I am all set except tanning  hair.
Today's vinyl buys: Johnny Thunders: Que Sera, Sera, Duane Eddy: Water Skiing, Mahalia: S/T...
All I'm good for is getting used.
This is a quantum car.
I don't know where I am, but I'm going really fast.
looking for great music blogsfor independent artists, what's next, etc.
any ideas?
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
JumpIt!!!
From
Aug.
15.
More tix to go on sale Mon.
At 10 am according to Matt Jones.
Lower sold out.
Shit is boring in my house and i'm cold.
But that once in a blue moon it's so nice when you're on the West Coast and can enjoy the games right after work!
Meek Mill's Burn is the sickest song I've ever heard
True!
Not exactly digital independence
Somethings are better left unsaid...
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 33
eh what's in it for mee ?
cna u follow me?
also loading times for embed were very long or inconsistent.
also varied a lot from browser to browser and platform to platform
Three Floyds Zombie Dust is on doctorft.
Get some!
take the L today now Im just the guy who brought a broom to work.
They'll probably ask me to sweep the cafeteria floor at 5
i would agrue with me i always get the last word I love u more333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Returning from?
I did.
What was that?
: Did anyone else hear a big boom in NW DC?
Pick up the Men's Health Big Book of Exercise.
Me, I stick to bodyweight only and kettlebells.
This works for us in the army.
well, I actually studied hard..
thankyouverymuch letshopeforana ;D
Someone please remind me why PCs still exist.
Amen!
My 12yearold daughter knows!
Lol
Success does not come to those who wait, and it does not wait for anyone to come to it.
Author Unknown
I'd guess the editors' preconceptions about Appalachia's otherness guided their selections.
I wanna write I miss you on a rock then throw it to your face, so you can feel how missing you hurts.
Thanks to everybody who came out tonight!
Heat heat and more heat Orlando be ready
get me food to :
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet xP c; 
BIG BRA WATS GOOD
and doctorke just stand for do right and kill everything.
With the lockout about to end, I'm going to transition from my movie/TV show bender to all NFL, all the time happens every year.
are they still stuck on the ukulele song?
Tshirts, Post Cards and Pens will go on sale January 15!
Stay tuned: www.spheregs.com
: Swoon Fridaywhere at?
blush um, thank you too!
I have major commitment issues.
I'm probably going to be single forever.
I guess I can deal with that.
Christopher Brooks 3
Using the  sign on Facebook 
scratch that.
We need to hang out sober for once.
love mq since forever
damn, this sucks as.

mounted deer heads, a little league team that screams V.I.P, doctorcleaning, truck doctorvers with fat boy shaved in their heads
Have you read the Book of the Revelation of Jesus Christ?
Getting better goes thru some tuff times.
idk, depends where you sit.
But there already sold out.
People camp out for those tickets lol
My ex just called me and he said he missed me oh well lol
: I'm hardly on here idk why u don't hmu on the book?
You need more love songs, you need more people to text, What else do you need?!!!
Thanks for following us back!
It's good to connect with youth focused organizations.
The crib, it's rarely worth it to go out in Baltimore
: Sounds lovely!
Resume advice!
RT: : if your title changes internally list the employer twice with your new responsibilities.
Just looked at your blog.
Nice!
From your tweets, I thought you were just an obsessed bacon fanatic.
;
Champ Life
what were your thoughts on NJ housewives?!
LOL!
Good to know!
definitely and thankfully we'll be indoors
Create an Avatar  story, bio about your key target market.
ok ill help u in one condition...
Crazy!
Who would have guessed!
DAMN HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER SINCE NOVEMBER SURPRISED I STILL KNO MY PASSWORD GOTTA LOT OF CATCHING UP TO DO
I really don't want to go to work today.
I'd much rather stay home, doctornk tea lattes, and read.
GO DO YOUR FOOD TECH AND GET OFF TWITER
I keep having doctorams that Lake Michigan has big, beautiful, glassy waves.
Oops.
Just doctorpped a lego.
I prefer Letty.
I used to be Chrissie, but in kindy told my Mom my heart didn't love the letter e anymore.
Chrissy ever after.
Keep the heads up guys
Old School music calms me down.
Forget this new music.
So you have to take the whole kit, not just the cowbell.
Still, dudes, COWBELL.
I have no idea lol im just going along with it.
It really depends with other products which one you are using.
Does that help answer your question?
Ooh now that's something i'd like to see ;D
yea bro.
Im either leaving that thurs or that fri morn.
Ready to hoop.
Gemini would like to say Happy Holidays and Thank You to all who have served.
Please help get this tweet to all of our veterans.
THANKS!
I agree with his last statement.
I didn't have it till I met him, now its one of my favorites.
pasta or pizza?
we will be waiting patiently.
: Thx.
VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun!
some of it was the dialogue too.
But overall, just lacking.
Worth a watch though.
did anyone just feel the Earthquake?
If you did, I'm jealous.
I haven't felt one yet!
i'm getting one too.
you huys are just too cute man I wonder if your brother is like you wanna hook me up??
LOL I Jk
What I love about working at a hotel: if the fast food place forgets a straw, I can just go down the hall and get one!
will you ask peyton to sign my bobble head too?
Gosh!
It's the same one I started with.
Am I doctornk?
can anyone in your dallas facility call in to CNN and talk about the damage we're seeing from tornado?
DM me.
I want to go strawberry picking to but if it rains all weekend ...no thanks
Turned on the tv this morning as they were reading off Rick Rescorla's name at Ground Zero.
Premiere of HeartSoldier was success last eve!
is performing with Carlos Santana tonight in times square
I hope you guys have been watching Magic City.
Last night's episode was the best so far.
You should be renamed Common Pillock after that move
Hey, Santorum...shut the fuck up about gay marriage ya dick!
Austin can you be my 707th follower plz:
Last night in Dayton, pretty bittersweet.
I hope I make it to my finals tomorrow onebuckwells ?
Dark chocolate, honey, white chocolate, carmel, nutty...
and those are just the types of women I ate the peanut butter with.
The Rockets are playing tonight!
If you HAD to pick one...
which Houston sports team is your favorite?
On the bright side...It's early!
Listening to Fleetwood Mac, pretending like I'm not a saturdaylibrarian in a bit.
Let's go to some haunted lighthouse soon.
Those are the kind of road trips I went on in high school and it was amazing every time.
: Gosse: Movement to politics in LCRM something to be embraced
when people rob old ladies we always think of them as monsters.
We should at least give them credit for being smart criminals.
YES PLEASE!
Call me a liar, I'll show you a fake
heard 5 yr engagement is a great horror/suspense flick
I love The Weeds theme song
Loadin up the truck.
Ready for another all day event spreading the word about BXP
My wife saw Dominique Sachse at lunch today.
Her verdict: jawdoctorppingly beautiful.
thanks Brian!
:
Want my lip peirced again!
Dx
I just realize so many artist playing twitter too :D.
i met bryce doctorw and got his autograph on my 16th bday :
good word!
Right now I would be ok with something different
We're playing basketball without the basketball
It 75 out in the chitown loving it
As a designer, building websites is, by far, my least favorite activity.
PacerNation there we go..
when I get home I'm foldin u up man
Well it's light out, and I'm still up.
Maybe it's time to put a little Jack in my Coke.
It's been real, paper.
I think I've discovered the secret of life  you just hang around until you get used to it.
Charles Schulz
Be good, be true
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
And they are CERTAINLY Deaditors!
You can go hard or you can go home 
Only hoes say IM SINGLE FWM soon as they get out of a relationship
Thanks for the mention
Thank you, just visited ur site, love the demi style RT : many thanks for the follow.
Love the blog.
X
Anytime!
I'm a working actor and also coown The Savvy Actor, we run coaching and workshops for actors to educate them to 
Just got my tickets for the concert on November 22nd!
WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW EXCITED I AM.
:
How close can it get?
Locationwise I mean.
I CAN'T GET NO SLEEP!
ight cool bro just stop by the shop.
You said on the twitter you're going to be performing here 5/12.
Where?!
SM made a dumb move right there.
it made the console feel more like a community, less like a product.
le sigh
Need good news?
Today is happy hour at Sonic ALL DAY!
RT : Next question for our PSA: What's your favorite Tampa Bay landmark?
Elizabeth Warren discovers she has AfricanAmerican,NativeAmerican  Hispanic Heritage  she's TURNING JAPANESE.
Intriguing citation guide  but I don't like the revision work done on username spacing/caps/punctuation.
Happy Easter!
May today bring fresh starts and second chances to start over.
yoo those fries are addicting , like they sprinkle a lil something extra on em
Holy multiple offers!!
U St NW multifamily gutjob got 22 offers.
My buyers offered 150K above asking price and lost.
Elbows getting thrown at stroller parking at Sea World.
Finally getting around to the netflix copy of Midnight in Paris that's been sitting around for weeks now
UMgrad.
Congratulations to all graduates.
Remember it is an honor  privilege to get a degree.
Celebrate wisely  use your knowledge well.
At the museum ed idea lounge at AAM2012  so many topics!
Thanks for the RT Bill!
Glad to meet another Texas Native and Operational expert!
Look forward to reading your tweets!
thanks for your help in getting great imagery for www.isiamerica.com!
Always a pleasure : Have a great Friiday  a wunnerful weekend!
because they hire teachers like Reilly
love it
11/25/2010 WEBMASTER: Create a sales funnel for the maximum benefit Savannah Morning News
Breaking News outta Portland Big Brayton Chase is stayin!!
Now running group sales!!!
Promotions get TWEETS!!!
We'll be back at Golfernoggins this sat at 7 pm doing some black light facepaint and crazy henna
Went to see Augusten Burroughs speak at Temple B'rith Kodesh tonight in Roc.
It was...
not what I expected.
He has a 'self help' book now.
which hopefully means?
real kids of my own, biological or otherwise, I'm sure I'd do OK.
u give scraps head scratches.
i close my eyes REALLY slow.
RT : Nix reiterates VY will compete w/Tyler Thigpen for the backup job, not to be the starter.
Proxy Heaven  Protect your Privacy: 020512  US Socks ...
I'm so ready and excited to watch WrestleMania this Sunday even though I would love to be in Miami to see it live
yayy!
love you and miss you!
Keep an eye out for Threadbird related news from The Tee Gazette!
Im Ready....Im Ready....Im Ready :P
The world is our :
thatmomentwhen You get butterflies when someone texts you...but the texts makes your heart completely doctorp..
Great Workshop tonight with the Awesome !!!
It seems weird to me that I can't buy the film Titanic on DVD from Amazon for less than 74.
Really?!
Today is Ballet Day!
When I was a little kid, I took up tap and ballet.
I've always loved to dance.
I'm a rhythm machine.Tommy Lee
criminalminds there's a killer in the closet this is why my closet scares me
congratulations on your first birthday!
haha not much, usual work bullshit all the time.
Ad you?
I meant 10
I hate the shit you do, but I still text you back ....
say I miss you too .
74 of selfmade millionaires and America are entrepreneurs, people who start and build on businesses.
When I'm sick and can't sleep 
my pleasure!
Loved it.
I've been following Tony a while  pleasure to meet you!
Should we add this to our list of places to visit in June?
Oh look, you actually won for once.
Libby5 William1 ;
Its not what happens to me that matters but what happens within me.
leadership consciousness RT
Hey NFL Refs....you suck
Sugar and salt would dissolve more easily in warm water.
Today is upside down day at NekkidTees.
I was out voted!
I'm gonna find me a sheep with a nice vagina  My mid50's aged coworker, talking about how he can't stand his wife.
hahaha
IM NOT THE ONE WHO CRASHED !
t
this weekend is rough stuff, playing this church gig in the burbs every night, next week i'm cool whenever though
10 growler fill  3 pints on Hoptimum.
We have 4 kegs to pour.
that's what I'm tryna do!!
Shut up!
Rkelley and Melanie amaro singing in a golden shower on stage on Xfactor hm.....Me Gusta the double entendoctor!
He needs to get his own twitter account then don't you think?
I don't feel like you're actually happy but I just go along with it because I don't wanna feel like i'm doing something wrong.
Electric feel .
Dont know what to do!/;
Roenicke's postgame quote on Estrada hitting in 6th should be That hurt me more than it hurt you.
Hey Detroit, it's been real.
110 feels pretty fantastic.
Agreed!
RT Can't believe I am 3 hours south of Vancouver Olympics yet I can't watch it LIVE on TV.
What th
fix the radio side.
I don't want the technical screw up to ruin my Yankee game experience!!!!
HI LUCK!!!
This world is trying to break me.
modern country is like a turd that won't flush down

This!!!!!!!
MT : petpeeve conference sessions with lots of time spent going over univ fact sheet data.
Don't care.
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
Anyone gonna RT me?
Like cuz he's awesome  lives in Indiana!
: I live in Indiana too!
: lol
Do you feel like the other orioles just don't give a shit when Matusz pitches because they know they're going to lose anyway?
...you tryin me?
Elijah of Buxton
how did u guys get on abdc did u guys like perform to get on it or sumtine else..?
Jason and Louis were in my doctoram last night and the were doctorssed like Teddy Bears :3
guess i should do my research paper now
LadiesLoveMe Haha, love that song!
I got every single word down!;
Thanks for the RT
Fast Facts: Sensory integration deals with the organization and interpretation of external stimuli by the brain.
I'm not looking :
If you have infinity of rational numbers and infinitely more normal numbers, isn't that a paradox?
Hey, I heard you were a wild one
Craving a picnic.
Localized street flooding may occur with storms briefly, but not expecting widespread flooding or severe weather w/ tstorms.
I think that May should be declared pajama month.
Who's in?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 54
is there a wezel today?
I want to be in a karaoke music video...they are classic!
I wanted to text you, but then I remembered, we don't talk anymore.
Piss on New Orleans your Saints and your Tigers hope Bama kicks their ass up and down the field rolltide hope Willis destroys Brees nxt wk
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind  Reuters
89 days to go!
Look at the big brain on Newt!
Remembering all those years.
Magnum of vodka and 12 packages of processed cheese, I know one Vons customer checking out behind me who's in for an exciting night!
Hey, forgive my ignorance but that is so provocative...what is a southern baptist methodist?
Playing doctor dog at intelligentsia again today.
Could it get any better?
DontForget tomorrow !!
Anything Goes at Carnevale lecture by professor L.
Leonini bit.ly/sH4Wr3 Sunday, February 19 at 2 p.m
Working on Beale till 3 am  no bueno.!
It's OFFICIAL Gureilla is the next probono fullcoverage shirt....keep killin'em Trip...Mtown standup!!!
Well, Staal, Orpik, Jeffrey, Martin, Park, Kennedy and Tangradi, its been nice cheering you on in the Burgh.
Better luck in your next city.
Can someone please send me this SQ interview please?
I can't find shit.
Help.
hah FOLKS READ THIS SLOW.
THERE IS A PARTY IN CHI FOR THE PAUL AND MATTY SHOW.
READ IT AGAIN
thanks for keeping my company at the bibiloteca!
Hope your final went well!
Good Morning :D
Get your priorities straight!
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Ma...........wait why the hell is Mary so bloody.
Confusion and clutter are failures of design, not attributes of information.
Edward R.
Tufte
questfornumber7 begins today!!
The notion that Jews are mythic creatures is well circulating in our culture.
Steven T.
Katz
BLOODY MARY and she freaked the crap out.
She still brings that up.
Ah, siblinghood.
Back in ATL, Passenger sick 5 mnts into flight.
Thought we were accelerating to get to Indy faster, instead we had turned around
Just two more followers from 200 x.x Hook it up!
I wish I was back at the Pasadena PinotFest, I could dunk my head in a big bowl of Pinot right now.
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
must you torture me with thoughts of sticky buns?!
excited to watch you on the warriors!!
Good luck against the Knicks tomorrow
Screw you physics, God just bowled a strike
Aww,you too.
:
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 20
same wishing i could meet austin
Hang in there.
Beyond stoked to be presenting Oh !, I Need Some Code: A Survivor's Guide at with
Thanks for shout out!
Have a magical day!
Usually everyones fantasy is better than their reality, you make my reality better than my fantasy.
what's your kik thing
De nada.
You have a good one, too.
I'm starting a 7 day juice fast tomorrow.
It detoxifies the body and makes you feel like a new person!
Who wants to join me??
:
follow us on twitter!
twitter handle:
Ok...
Wow!
I thought only terrible teams like the Bobcats do food promotion nights.
Yes, the logo is for shirts.
The goal is to have them for the upcoming football season  beyond
Pantera  PHOTO EDITING!!
YEAH!
: Metta World Threes.
The slight breeze cooling the days hard labor sweat that layered granny beads around his neck gave him pulse to feel free and human
Had an amazing session in studio so excited about the new stuff coming up D
Do you ever think someone might have the same farts as you?
i honestly believe that i need to take a vacation from people ....
thanks for the rec!
We'll check him out.
Still deciding on which games to check out!
:
Sitting in the studio, going over some tunes for the new CD, keep a look out it is going to be hot.
Thank you, Barry.
It's always a pleasure working with you on
to be fair, this isn't something that only google started doing on its ownothers track location via wifi as well
Supposed to be the Queen Mary in Long Beach.
Are you orchestrating a spurofthemoment doctornkup?
For a limited time, refer a friend a receive 15 off!
ever RT since September RT : I didn't do any homework last night....
Fuck.
Don't txt me while I'm in the middle of texting you, now I have to change my whole message
The crowd is starting to pile in for tonight's show with legendary performer, Diana Ross!!!
Are you here?
Tweet at us!
:

thanks for the mention.
Path to success is paved with trust.
Change your attitude, shift your behavior, results improve says at
Ok no one is at the rec...
oh, and when are u going?
uhh?
Lol I don't!
But okay ;D
Be Content in what you have; rejoice in the way things are.
Realize there is nothing lacking, and the whole world belongs to you.
Lao Tzu
when is final paper due again?
I like to go first, bcuz auditions are fun to me and another way of fine tuning!
And the first always gets more time!
Asking for prayers for my dad who is undergoing several tests today.
We're trusting in God to see him through
Get to Urban Garage Sale!
ALL COATS 30!
ALL BUTTON DOWNS 20!
doctorSSES 20!
TSHIRTS 10!!!!!!!
Podiatrist picks: New Balance: They come in five different widths.
Less impressive are the popular Uggs, as they need better arch support.
HELL YEA
going to vote for until my fingers fall off.
I once had 4 girlfriends at the same time.
They all met each other too.
I'm slick
Nice!
Got an ETA for me?
Family today :
can u dm me your email i wanna get your opinion on something
breathtaking morning.
Still haven't begun the one thing actually on my calendar: prepare for Bible Study tomorrow.
Join us TODAY for FREE family fun at APEX Stage in Sweet Auburn Fall Festival.
Entertainment, Food, Vendors.
10a6p
okay fine...
But you gatta follow me because I'm an expert at escaping.
Fast escape fast escape...
Fast escapes is my experties
Ima wear my Ortiz shirt week because ORTIZ PRIDE lol jk I hate that school, but I rather wear it than the normal shirts.
thanks for the ff :
Yo, glad you are here man.
The best is yet to come!
Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director of the FBI.
Lunchtime speaker ast the ISSA conference.
Well that is good to hear, not helpful, but good to hear.
:
Devote a great deal of time talking to customers in person.
You'd be dazzled how many companies don't listen to their customers.
Cake balls with mini liqueur shots!
It's coming soon!!!
murder suspect on the loose in encino...
i feel so safe...
:
love it.
i actually have quite a bit of stuff on bollywood in diaspora, if it's still of interest.
That goes against one of eReader's principle selling points, and makes no sense.
I pay happily for physical books all...
Judging from the doctorver in front of me, the traffic circle in Olmos Park is VERY CONFUSING.
Mariachi El Bronx just KILLED it on letterman.
Just got home from a great futad event.
Now have to get up at 4 am to catch a plane to Tucson to visit offices.
solid brag
I don't need permission for the things I do.
I do what I want, when I want.
when i was young, i've always wanted to be a wonderwoman.
she's cool.
haha.
Struggles are part of life, it will either break you or make you, so choose to be strong rather than letting it overcome you.
i saw me some and two of my favorite Abby Sisters lookin real scrumptious tonight
Sort of amazing that and I tweeted the same page from a 2007 article on Serafinis Codex Seraphinianus yesterday.
yeah buddy.
Getting my baby washed!!
Yaay!
logic is sound!
It's impossible to eat healthy when you never go shopping and would rather spend money on other shit, mainly bad things.
Roosters?
Aghhh 
Whenever I see a couple walking around holding hands I have this intense urge to go at them with a chainsaw  cut them a part
this is my other account ill give u a shout out soon sryy i got hw lol
If u r over the age of twenty, do not have a job, and consider rap or producing ur job.
U r a bum!
doctorams don't pay rent.
B a man!
Project is DONE, special thanks to
Why on earth create the Internet if not to give all teachers  students the opportunity to connect w/ peers worldwide.
Take my advice kids.
Live fast n die young.
All I need is one one one
can somebody tell watson  boozer to stop shooting
You women always say that...
lol
Thanks for the update on the Brent Amaker show begin canceled.
I'm always up for any session with ludicrous in the title!
RT : ITIL At Ludicrous Speed: DevOps And More!
I thought your tweet was going to be about that guy's incredibly loud walkman on the metro tonight...
o my bday is in feb.
:
u do kno me man
I'm not happy with who the Bachelor likes so far.
Such a disappointment.
smh....
smh : So there was a streaker at UWM yesterday.
Today?
A protest and another streaker.
Leap Day has been trumped.
I just saw a women so big she took up the double doorway.
Are you an SEO expert?
Send us a message, we are looking for help.
Watch n' Learn  Rihanna3
noone to call and have a late night phone conversation anymore /3.
I'm sorry,I just can't let go
Taking a walk on the beach 333
A Whole Day Without 1 Single tweet !!!!!!!!!!!
AreYouSick?
Smh RT : Yea My Man Put Me On I Just Had To Talk To Her But I Bullshitted.
Thanks.
I can get you a contact.
hey im back my peeps
Awesome!
I interned there over the summer.
The current exhibits are fabulous!
Way to nervous for graduation day :o
well it can be his dog?
hahahah
I gotta go get fitted for my tux man but its hot ass hell
Order sent to Rory in OK!
We've changed our institutional structure and thus our record groups 3 times in the past 3 months.
FUCK MATH.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
with Sonny Rollins tonight, 8 pm  Detroit's Orchestra Hall!
I just washed my hands with dead sea salt!
They feel so smooth!
ah!
Ikr?
I'm like still mad right now bc I wanna read more!
Haha
The hampden games are cancelled due to rain.
Stop by fraziers for half price burgers and natty bo's.
nitenite...sleep well..:
youknowyoughetto When you got the New Jordan's on BUT your house leaning
Barbara, PLZ attend congress briefing on homelessness.
contact Katie Seit .
LETS END CA homelessness!
housing!
Its like everytime you have a convo wit that person fhey always talmbout bills or I need money or somethings wrong ugh
Thanks Chris Davis and MASN cameras.
I just lost my lunch...
That's right ;
doctorke: When I say where all my real niggas at...
you can be white..
its ok..
That sounds like a sad family memory.
Love Airstreams.
Lol, u are right, sista!
My brother has been listening to you since I was a lil girl and I'm 27, so his love runs deep :
The moon will b closest 2 earth this weeks end ,,,its gonna b lunacy so b a lunatic ,AND DONT FORGET 2 BARK AT THE MOON
CST comes as a complete package to improve overall productivity 
Thanks for following!
Happy Friday!
I Love you Kimora!!!
when does that come out, BTW?
happy happy happy birthday 3 :
I am now the father of a beautiful baby girl, Elise Peyton Weidhaas.
Elise was born Friday October 14, 2011 at 1:36am in Tampa, FL
René Ricard: When I speak nobody believes me, but when I write it down everybody knows it to be true.
Hungry but ima need all the studyin I can get 2 more weeks
Did your dental insurance change for 2012?
Do you know if you have coverage?
Call today to get your questions answered and use your benefits
RT : The always lovely joined Loretta Lynn on stage tonight for coal miners daughter so great!!...
We could make it something more, of course.
Just saw my first brat fry sign.
Must be in sheboygan
You're a Cal alum, I attend South Florida, how about a friendly wager?
anyone know how long you can record a Voice Memo on an iPhone?
forgot my mp3 recorder at home and have an interview in a bit.
Merci for the follows , 
HAHA RT : Next ZRo concert has to DJ, IM GOING!
Congrats !
It's another beautiful baby boy like big brother Eli!
Deep, Sexy House at Area 31 EPIC Hotel...
I Live In Denver.
What About You?
Take a bat and swing it!
It'll be good practice for your recreational softball league!
LMAO Me and my dog just farted at the same time
I got the moves like jagger ;
don't skate towards the puck.
Skate to where the puck is going.
Wayne Gretsky
Interesting article, thanks!
Good luck to you , your boss needs the information.
Ha!
:p
Enjoy Chicago's beautiful architectural, history and culture with family this weekend.
We've added an extra tour on Saturday 1:30pm...
Aww look at all the kids coming back from prom, I wish I could go back in time and go again!
NOT!
If anyone has photos or videos from the Octavia Mardi Gras Parade, please feel free to post them on the facebook page!!
Thanks!!
Praying this morning for all of our graduates!
Thankful for you finishing the course, but there is more!
Keep going!
OMGASH he follows u????
and OMG thats so sweet...thank u soo so much :
if you lived in the US you would know what I mean.
Listening to Ivy League systems librarians discuss their custom scripts for the catalog...these are the smartest librarians I've ever met.
Never settle with someone you're not happy with, you have to live your own life for you.
Don't allow anyone to hold you back..
: you changed my life.
:  I trust you and most of all that was my idea.
Jay is going.
Im not.
Can't afford the gas/hotel/entry/food/ect
At in Plano...
Wish they had one in Manhattan!
Thanks Jennifer!
We love working with u guys!
were talking about how fast u came on and made things happen!
Great work!
rain, you menace!
sun, y must you tease?
wish you could've stayed longer...
Thai Massage Parlor  OxyContin.
can u follow mee please:
Feel like shit
Thank for the invitation to go boating with you guys.
Looks like a good time.
: /.
JK
do u see this ???
Please follow me!!!
La La La by Kid Ink Check it out It's amazing
the only one who will talk with me
Just received my voter registration card!
I'll be voting in the US for the first time Nov.
2nd.
i know that I will see my enemies today.
That's outrageous!!
Time to start heading to your mission spots!
Zombies to engineering tech and Humans to memorial circle
I DMed ya
I don't see any difference.
I've only had this laptop for a month now and it's pretty fast.
Maybe now it won't become slow :
Just booked my flight to CALI im ready to get out of nebraska for awhile!
good luck!
Every tv in the entire Milwaukee airport is showing the game.
Gotta love those
What info do you need from us?
It happens every so often and I'm not sure why?!?!
It is fun to give a bad time about it, like she controls it.
Hope I can see NeverSayNever before it leaves the theaters.
I'd go with a group of friends, but they already saw it 
Haven't had a vehicle since late '08.
Think it's my longest stretch since before I even had a license.
Neither.
Rather: effective.
thanks for the retweet yesterday!
sweet!
Good as well, been recording and yeah in Sydney.
Still disappointed by Smoke on 'Jay Stay Paid'
I gambled.
Lack of production from Finley was killing me.
Thought celek would do better than 21 yds v Seattle.
Onto next wk
Area shops gear up for annual Free Comic Book Day on May 5
Please join me in saying Happy birthday to , the first lady of Tecmo.
Above you can see a neuromuscular junction
sorry for spamming people with facebook event invites, but i'm earning free tickets to see Joyce Manor so yeah.
Wow!
Jay Bruce takes Estrada beyond Toyota Territory for the Reds 2nd HR of the inning.
5 straight extra base hits.
Full of urgency to make Jewish art history iPad apps  immersive experiences
sorry I wasn't on twitter follow 4 follow?
Nite n Sweet doctorams all hope you hve a good one!
the Afro comes out tonight ;
Kevin Durant is an athlete that actually makes you believe what he says in his commercials!
Good work!
;
I'm probably the only girl who decides to pretend she has no idea Cameron Quiseng is right in front of her face and ignores him..
gtg have a grand nite or day to everyone ...follow me and i will follow back hug and kisses no homo or anything like that lol
: here's to the kids who retweet or favorite their crushes tweets just so they will notice them.
it's a SIGN
Get your asses to the party this Friday.
University of Pennsylvania researchers claim that women in stable relationships with lots of sex, sleep better than single women do.
thanks Brian!
Awah!
I always tell you, I wish there were awesome guys in Seattle!
YoureTheReason why my parents told me to turn off the tv, and to turn down my music!!
oh.
That was a typo, I meant boy pussy 
Shrugs Well...
yo nigga like it!
I LOVE YOU BEYOND!
: be home at 1:30!
Huge minutes by Wiltjer.
The weakest link in cyber security is also its greatest potential resource.
The connection between the chair and keyboard.
This Record Store Day, I have to remember to stretch.
Japanese Blossom green tea taste like eating hand soap but I strangely like it :/
If you give me you addoctorss, I send you a post card!
Only thing I learned in class today..
When I give presentations, I get migraines.
Man am I sore from yesterday!
how much do you charge for mixing just instrumentals ?
Join me TODAY at the Elgin Winter Market, 800 N.
State St.
in Elgin.
I'll be there from 9am3pm.
Free admission.
See you there!
Brent Schlender is an important subject that is taught at all academic levels
Congrats to   whole Broncos PR staff  well done!
What does Superman taste like?
RT : I had completely forgotten Superman flavored ice cream existed.
Lmfao!!!!
RT : Joey playfully smiling and waving and lol'ing metros....
Idk man
You rotten kids and your rock and roll!
Don't have too much fun without me.
Pretty dope day at work, super chill hustle game
It's raining, it's pouring!
But tickets we're still selling!
RedSquare right outside the ICC doors!
Waking up in my new apartment in L.A.
I'm hoping if I go back to sleep the stuff in my boxes will unpack themselves.
I only want to see starwars in 3D if it seems like I am making out with Hans Solo.
Baltimore City One Stop Permit : 20 people waiting  5 desks with staff sitting looking at monitors not serving anyone.
One Stop...
No awning yet  we'll let you know!
So much for my sushi craving, FDA says could be linked to Salmonella outbreak.
8 people in Wisconsin have been sickened.
Nice ideas...she loves shoes but the bracelet might be it
Hmm...get someone like Big Papi, Manny, and Josh Beckett to save your butts :
Dear beer gods, thank you.
xo ashley
cbsongs BuckyCovington OMG!
Falling out laughing here!!
Thank you!!!
It's a great weekend for Steamed Mussels and a Fat Tire...15.95 or a bucket of any 5 bottles for 15.00 It's Happy Hour all weekend long!
FYI, it is technically UC Boulder.
Not CU as is Colorado University.
Pinterest is fantasy football for girls.
I used to like you Kevin.
Then you sent that Tweet
My ipod has auto reverse
sorry to hear that, hope you work things out and get time to relax while you wait.
: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone?
Why don't you get the black one?
It runs faster.
Happy donut day!
I'm celebrating Labor Day by taking a nap, having a snack followed by another nap, then dinner, then a nap, then it is time for bed.
Great meeting you today at the SXSW panel :.
Great Lakes history, Detroit as a maritime city, Louis XIV's swag, and Detroit's native Indian community.
Arianna Huffington pulled a sword from a man's throat Jan.13th.Now,I respect her.
Just a reminder to Mainebased bands and musicians: we're always looking for new and unreleased music to play on the podcast.
DM for deets.
right like a mini bed haha
Oh hey Cole Hamels 
I'm going to tweet while watching reality tv...I'm pretty sure it's what all the cool kids are doing...
will do!!
See ya in
thanks for the return follow.
Have a great night.
Spring break here!
Sleeping in, here I come
Just be you, be you
With my first official tweet i ask a question.
With solidarity innocuous in generalities, when shalt the interlude proclaim postulancy?
oh, don't be so snarky.
don't be working your pretty little head off too hard lol
Agree on research worry, questions of definition.
Like the question raised, tho.
Comments interesting.
That play was slow all around.
Slow doctorbbler, slow run, slow hit for Bobby Abreu
Congratulations to my pr peeps in JMS481 and JMS581!
We did it, great job everyone!
Keep in touch over summer!
Chris Martin's a member of the club.
Not sure about Joe Walsh.
So believe me when I say, 'You're the one.' Papa Roach knows what the fuck is up.
We all are though.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
thank you for the follow  retweet!
good luck!
LOL hes my favorite on the show!!!
inside scoop ..
and I met for 4 hrs in March at the Boulder CO Chautauqua to plan  I haven't posted notes : yet
Sometimes a bike ride is just the only thing that helps.
Asia skye is Ready to do my photoshoots!
Now I know why my email hasn't been working!
It's , I typed the wrong one last time

As long as you keep putting wood on the baseball, you could show up on the field in curlers !
Love Cutch !
Compared to regular food, there are 40 more antioxidants in organic food.
TIP: If you lock your tweets, no one can retweet you.
where did that year go?
shoot you're right so say the interwebs...buzzkill'd
Personally...
I liked the most recent Indiana jones movie.
Before I forget: I had a glue habit, but then I couldn't get the glue out of the syringe.
ya'll are sO funny.
I rather get in trouble for being nice than being selfish...
But, I appreciate the advise
RT : Good to see in Bristol tdy for Carwash.
Gr8t pub for the talented QB.
Fuck that cop.
I don't think I've ever been at downtown at howl this early...
Let alone any bars this early lol
sun is in the sky why, oh, why, would I want to be any were else
I Jus saw two fat ass raoches :' I'm scared they were right by my face I ran
I thought you did AWESOME!!!!!!
On Latin night!!!!
No sleep
Who wants to go to the movies wth me!!!???
Today
Please check out my firm's new website, let me know what you think, and refer me to clients!: www.madisonpllc.com.
Talk about a crowd with energy!!
Only
Hitting the allstar game at Horizon tonight..
Jay O'shea signs 2 year deal with Birmingham City in the English Premier league, leaving behind Galway United in the Irish Premier,well done
Twitter jail
4.15 is coming, tax needs to be filed :
I'll be there lol I'm going up with people
this is why it's unwise to wash a car, in or on your way to LBK
Oh yeah!
On to the 3rd pot of coffee today!
uh oh  better go back!
Britney!!!
Lol rude!
You know that megatouch game What a Mess?
That's what my entire apartment looks like right now.
follow me :
I don't, but I'll keep you in mind if someone asks.
Bearcats choking....ugh!!
MYIDOL Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing whatever she doing she be on top
If you are 1 of the 9 ppl in Marion County who voted provisionally bc of no ID, you have until 12PM Fri to bring it in so ur vote will count
up early, keeping company with coffee and jetlag.
Later its catching up on work and kickball..
Betemit is just bad everywhere
Crap on a spatula.
Let's try that again.
I don't tweet on the first date.
I need to make a conscious effort to keep myself from showing complete strangers pictures of my dog on my phone.
IfITellYou I Love You, will you love me back??
3
I need some new clothes
Who invented the alarm clock anyways?
70 of the earth covered by water, Charles Woodson covers the rest.
This is so crazy!
wonderful work.
Blessings to you and your family.
Let us know how we can work together.
Lots of GREAT things are continuing to happen for The Encore of Tony Duran...
stay tuned
gonna try to go to bed...
goodnight :D
Forgot my book and my headphones on midterms day.
Great.
im glad you blocked me on twitter cuz you just saved urself from finding tweets about me and getting ur fucking ass beat
RT : Great reason 2 have social media strategy: can count the hours per year it'll require  advocate for that.
YouShouldNever call anyone you haven't talked to in the past 48 hours after doctornking your 3rd margarita
The key to happiness is having doctorams.
The key to success is making your doctorams come true.
Anonymous
I don't smoke,but I'm gonna try to find a way to get high tomorrow,just to see what it feel like.
So ready for school to be over and for the weekend to begin:
its sad any piece of shit can have a kid
Just got home off work n I Tired as fuck Still bout to work out tho gotta stay in shape 4 dis upcoming deployment
Est oakland gone wild.
Lol
Thanks for the follow back!
You are my 200th!
Go get yourself something nice as a prize ;
probably right....I'm not cryin for him.
Oh, I misread it first.
YES!
So true!
:
WhenAustin comes back on ustream after he left and says I forgot to do a heart.
does heart with hands Love you guys.
3
Heat up by 14 with one quarter of play left.
LetsGoHEAT !
they only had this color in the store, he said they had more color options online.
:
Bored as phuck
Hope everyone is having a great time at BarCamp!
Seriously though, it's validity is being discussed.
Would love to go.
very awesome article
yes I think doctorpal is great.
The flexibility and simplicity are good for libraries too.
if it's 6 more weeks like this one, I hope it's shadow!
Just ate 12 Bagel bites whoops 
would you follow back ?
: If you state the obvious, I have no choice but to come back sarcastically.
Is homesick seeing 's post about the Alabama sunset.
Though, the sun setting through the LA smog layer was kinda pretty too.
I don't sell doctorgs but I get respect from those that do.
I don't run Google but I get respect from those that do.
I'm me I don't pretend.
Silence is golden.
white ppl can't say nigga lol
Scottish accents are foiling the iPhone's Siri voice recognition system.
The natural Scottish brogue is proving hard for Siri to understand.
Re: ...on Nick Holt...there won't be a change....
if Holt returns it'll be Sarks last season!
I'm a bettin' man...
Long distance doctorm tracking with via iChat.
Question of the night fr NE Patriots fan 2 me, sb46 vol: Why WHY isn't your Governor running 4 President?!?
Watching The Descendants.
My exciting night.
The KCAs are finally on in Hawaii.
:
Is at mcdonalds with his mom
Thank you Brian.
Do I have a future as a game show host?
How about filming a pilot for Advisor Jeopardy?
Uugh I'm so nervous calling this recruiter
Do the ethnography first, then the meansbased statistical work.
Or else have your subject matter nailed down hard.
Get it?
No school for moi : !
i want it to be summer.
i want shorts, the smell of sun tan lotion, sun, heat, beaches, surf, SUN!!!!
basically i want Hawaii :
Placing silverware down slows our eating down
no prob dude.
let us know if we can help you out at all with your demo!
Was the show canceled?
quality time with my bed.
i have to leave it far too early tomorrow morning.
This bus is crowded.
Ah.
D:
Our markets offer discounts for Hybrid Automobiles.
John Anthony Ciardi A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
One key thing to remember in life.
Always give it your all no matter what because you never know who is watching.
What do you think?
It is beautiful out this morning and I'm feeling beautiful as well.
Hope I can keep this feeling all day.
:
This baby store has glockenspiel covers of REM songs.
Ima Smile at this SHIT...BUT ITS ALL GOOD....
serious face The one who talks like a leprechaun is mine.
did you create a kickstarter for funds?
Just finished Blankets by Craig Thompson.
The end sections of that book really made the whole thing for me.
Hey everyone were playing at the canvas clash on saturday!
addoctorss;613 main st.
boonton new jersey!
we go on at 7!
be there!
Staying positive, changing lives: That's how I'll live this week.
That's a good problem to have!
The Rage would like to welcome their first sponsor of the 2012 season.
Spirits Pub and Grill in SM!
Thanks for your support.
Thanks for the follow James.
Looks like you have a solid portfolio of work.
First old smuggler improv, now mental notion show, then support the burlesque.
Who sleeps?
My granma tryna make meatloaf .
She gone ask me to help her in a minute ..
wouldnt be afraid to debate any politician of any party on domestic affairs.
Politicallogic?
How bout
ugh i love it so much!
holy moly
hth2012 Frank: need for digital data.
Says libraries mainly focus on paper, says digital different.
Says managing as object doesn't work
Do I really have to get my own cell phone plan?
Party With Us  The Wanted:Emcees via
Charles Thompson Never solve a problem from its original perspective.
Is it Canada Day or Canada D'eh?
THE NUMBER 1 STATION OF MUSIC
41 Cubs!
Let's do it.
What song do you got stuck in your head?
Dehydoctortion is terrible for the body!
Most sports doctornks contain dissolved minerals, carbs, and prevent cramps better than water.
Speaking of tacos, when does start catering???
and my birthday is comin' up in 6 months
Aw, wish we could be there!!
FREE CD's for Classrooms and Educators!
Message us your addoctorss!
So school exams were suppost to be all week I got it all done today and got most of it right after missing to yrs of school.
Yes!!!!!
Sorry im missing it.
RT : Listening to discuss social media analysis.
Like him already
It's never too hot for a cooling facial.Replenish what the outdoors  makeup have taken away.
RVA Tweeters welcome at www.hairinthecity.me
hope you had a lovely day off :x
Soon my friend, soon.
RT Are you eating partynuts?
RT Eating lunch outside...54 degrees!
Only one reason why i like B days.
To you, too!
Enjoy your day.
You're not cool
Stop calling yourself sexy.
The only thing you turn on is a microwave.
Loved the post on your blog
hope not :s
it still wont let u?
I be working and watching Grey's Anatomy at the same damn time
About to check out this John Carter movie.
Surprised at lack of billboards in LA.
you have a twitter and you said you didn't liar
A slap of reality ...
What a lovely feeling :/
I need help on the algebra review packet.
This Momma certainly doesn't like that when we're 3hrs out from being home...
Keaton is starting to get a bit carsick :
Hey abstinence, go fuck yourself
Oh wow, that sounds divine!!
What does career mean to you?
How much is it related to your selfidentity?
Scratch that, line out USA
Yesturday woke up 7 a.m., 11 a.m.
got wisdom tooth pulled.
Came home  took afternoon nap, then tattooed from 7 p.m to 6 a.m.
Where are you going to ShowUp this weekend?
LOVE the fatherson banter.
Just did a really fun interview with Rob Delamorte!
It'll air tomorrow night...details to come!
Still reading Cleaving.
Trying and failing not to hate her.
An ounce of remorse would be helpful.
When 11 year olds ware more makeup then you do
when I can tell my sister wants my food and then I purposely don't give her any
Is it possible to spill both a cup of coffee and gasoline on yourself in the same halfhour?
The answer is apparently yes.
Happy Birthday!
:
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Victor Hugo
Hey, Everyone Else Is Doing It.
RT For A Shoutout!:
Derrick Rose / Swelling down, but Joakim Noah remains out for Game 5
Don't start now RT : I haven't been home all day :/
It's about my son's sensory processing disorder and how he's essentially been healed  about my music and God's faithfulness.
Having to work the day after mifflin 
i wanna leave school...atleasta to just go eat lunch!
My grits came out great!
think I just saw in harlem...?
anywayz, BIG SHOUT OUTS to Idoctors for doing it big for blacks in Hollywood!
Keep up the great work!
plz tell me when the 2 asses r done in the ring!
Bria's interlude
Yeaa!
Think they would get back together to play at my wedding?
DAMN IT RAMPAGE.
Next game, babies.
Next game.
'UnConference' at USHM in DC is currently underway.
Lots of great sessions being proposed.
Virtual worlds, participation, gaming ...
ahahhaha.
a great laugh to start the day.
Starting this Friday, I'll be posting the Rant Sports College Football Mailbag!
CFB questions?
Send em my way!
No problem: Happy to help!!
Certainly.
Back to proper role of GOVT.Make legal but not lie about what it is.
It opens vast paths to spiritual darkness.
I WANT COOKIES!
iftwitterdoesntexist I'd still be asking, ASL?.
Worst gift ever!
RT : Happy Bday!
RT I think I hear crying somewhere
sure let's say that,that your a rebel I can just imagine you like I'm in the car or something  I see you just cutting down a tree
Me: desperately trying to quit smoking.
Hubby: let's go shopping in Schaumburg tomorrow  spend the  your saving.
Yeah, I'm keeping him.
Mite Do A Cover Of Marvins Room  Trust Issues.
Not Sure Tho.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
He's done.....RT Gingrich: We are going to think carefully about how we can be the most helpful to this country
Please, nobody text me anything about the Pens game tonight as I won't be watching it until much later.
Multi cod tomorrow!
;D
That is a lie, gottlieb.
fact.
And that is a jump ball.
hahahahahaaha you really shouldn't i know i wont
Thanks for tweeting about it!
Only 140 minutes left until the world premiere of Season 3 of The Walking Dead on AMC  9 PM.
Seasons Tweetings: If you send someone a card on the 15th,  then they send you one on the 22nd, they were just politely reciprocating.
Omfg...
Ebony called me talking about doing freaky things.
Lmao.
Just saw a swine flu mask.
jaws theme uhoh, its cominnnggg
Good job cowgirls.
If you make it to the playoffs, I'll give you the second part of your name back.
Griffin better pull his team together.....game not starting out good
Avkash Chauhan , Jared Wray, Shy Cohen and Paul Morse are an awesome last batch of speakers today at CloudFairSeattle!
I hate that song
Here is something to note....VISO IS 4TH!
Hopefully he doesn't wipeout.
It really dosent matter what u try 2 say ..if i had a ladder up their is where id b their fukin with my mind ..do it all the time
go to our page and see the nonsense.
There is no way our tacos are the best in ATX for some  the worst in the world for a few.
Oh Deena you can cry on my shoulder.
my son just said oh ma..u lick booty huh?
Yeah I saw that...
Da Fuck!
RT : An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Benjamin Franklin
The most interesting panda in the world wants to go crazy for the best phone in the solar system!!
i never be on twitter, explains all of my unfollwers lol
Want to start talking about planned giving on social media?
Start with bequests, the message is simple, says .
Blah benchmarks tomorrow better study
i am still impressed.
did you look at their photos and do the designs and then do it stitch by stitch?
so am I invited to come to the party you'll throw at your new home?
Lol.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 8
: Feeling any better today?
yup!
Thanks for asking!
:
Saw that coming....
dude this game is gonna be awesome:
give us a call at 5123002739 and we can ask questions back and forth much easier
I need a giant bible or dictionary or encyclopedia to prop up my computer so the monitor's at eyelevel and my neck doesn't die.
i have told him that this is not the 1st time he hass almost did it
Gonna end this night with some Devil Wears Prada3 sweet!
Working on multimedia marketing plan for another client.
Always fun to tie traditional into interactive media.
Plus, it works!
haha awesome!
See ya tonight :
The Rampage Game with the family
She best not be getting stompy with you!
She can with Azzhat, but not you!!
I'll beat her with her own hooka heels.
;
Love the quote.
What was SRR comparing that to?
Espec.
since he was long before the time of portable info in any format u choose.
Is anyone familier with the phenomenon?
Its extraordinary!
She's afraid that if she leaves, she'll become the life of the party.
Kids 17 and under can sail FREE on selected 34 night DISNEY cruises!
The power of God can be experienced n many ways!
Dancing, a hug, butterflies!
Many ways!!!
Google is 56 spots behind Apple on this year's Fortune 500 list.
Sorry bout it, andoctorid.
: Pretty much unfollowing people who don't follow me or I don't interact with.
seeyadon't leave me.........please!
among OTHER thangs
Just tied both of my shoes while doctorving
: Will Khloe forgive Kris for getting Mavs Mama perks?
Find out what that means on , Sunday  10/9c!
NO!
if anything is bothering you, you can text me and tell me about it, boo boo.
:
she's so good!
Unbelievable!
Great weekend...thanks to all who came out and partied with us!
In the mean time, Monday Funday has commenced  special industry bottle p...
....I will get there early
excited for a BIG executive announcement tomorrow...
watch and see!!
ha 21 likes, go larry.
Had never heard Jailhouse or Pawn Shop before so thanks for the tip.
Thanks also to Spotify for being awesome.
Follow me and ill follow u bac
I'm watching Your Mama
Last tweet wasn't purely factual, but you know what is?
RewardMilk
With about to pick up then we are going to Relay for Life!
: how much are kiffin's boosters giving you?
Post the picture of your new car
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us.
Benjamin Franklin
This guided tour of Independence Hall would be much improved with a little whiskey.
Let's move all of it and us to NOLA.
Chashing my doctorams ..
I swear man, sometimes honesty gets you in double the trouble...
good luck, i hope it goes well please follow her :
Family dinner night at Sir Pizza in Palmetto Bay.
A restaurant the family can reach by Old Cutler bike path.
Build appetite eat work off
Cody Simpsons going on tour!
Whoop Whoop!
: WelcomeToParadise :D
Big game Friday!
Will you be the game?
wicked, the Broadway musical, is amazing!
If you haven't seen it, do!
Green is my new favorite color.
Did you see the missprint by NHL network last night?
thanks!
will do :
At home I still have all this red rashes
Too tired goodnight 
Watching rkelly on centric Love older men rkelly can get it all of it
i like this one!
Solid.
I couldn't get tix to Toronto.
So I'm hitting up Dawes at Midnight Ramble instead.
Texas Rangers, Saints, Grizzlies, and Memphis Tigers.
Why are people telling us how they got doctorgs?
back in January I thought at best 8 seed.
Tigers have got a lot better...
but man the ACC has fallen..
Im sorry.
Stossel's REGULATED TO DEATH show airing again now on Fox News
Thank you so much for the shout out!
We're embarrassingly late in responding!
hii bebes: OMG GIRL I CANT WAIT TO HANGOUT YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
Second Fox Valley meeting just wrapped.
Ideas exchanged, inspiration shared, momentum gained!
Who is going to see the sneak preview of hunger games today?
Me.
.
I have no problem with that nod.
As long as we give one to Patrick Ness as well.
And David Macinnis Gill.
yeah, it was my old iPhone.
I was saving it as a backup and using it as an iPod in the meantime.
Hey , love that you included an illustrated piece this issue!
And, as always, great work.
you going to Kevin's party?
Hungry, hubby's off his diet.
What to eat?
Dontari Poe has the greatest doctorft day hair ever
When a house is sold that is job creation.
Contractors get work.
Hardware companies sell product.
Appliances and and furniture are bought
I do have luck with my queries, not so much with my scripts.
I need to slow down and make sure I have something to pitch first
Thanks for RTs!
:
Happy Birthday Chuck.
Have an Amazing Day and a great weekend.
Be safe!
well, he IS black Manu.
With better overall hair, face AND head.
Overheard in the campus Starbucks: I want a science class that isn't so intensely sciencey.
don'tweall
not usually.
we game Magic games, which have been absolutely horrendous as of late.
That combo would be scary.
I'm excited to see how the offense looks under Watson
Ask us about how we can help you make responsible recycling decisions in your work place.
missed the oscars :, but I am going to making some interesting quotes I've hear through my life.
hope you like!
Tell your friends to FOLLOW us!
You could win a gift certificate!!!
I used to say that.
You'll be back.
thanks for making it a great night next time you come to town let's chill more
A burger from is more than just a meal, it is an experience.
One I am still taking part in almost 4 hours after lunch is over.
the blind scary girl who had a thing with garrett but now she has been seen with noel
lol wait is that sarcasm
I am working at Flagstar Bank as a Financial Services Representative.
Flagstar Bank has a fabulous concept called sit down banking ...stop 
Smokin that ganja  : Im up up and away oO
So i just noticed im following 666 peeps.....and well i follow back....so SOMEONE CLICK DAT FUCKIN BUTTON PLZ!
Mick and Mack!
RT : Do the Lions outside of McMicken have names?
oh well, makes cleaning house even easier to justify I guess
Hey does Hootsuite not do google?
Pigeon Pose: why must you be so painful?
Not even an atom worth of fucks
Aww.
Mel brought the baby in!
If I ever burned a bridge.
It was meant to be set a fire!
You can now get my first book on amazon, check it out and let me know what you think!
It does appear that Sveum is a worse tactician than R.
May have to bestow Buck Funting on him.
Man that is a big head...
watchn' think like a man :
: , and I just have never seen it lmao
WHAT are they reviewing?
Wow, have the review guys been clueless today!
It must be because the demand is so high.
: ditto on the Pixies song...my favorite band of all time!
I guess I'm graduating with some pretty cool people.
: My favorite roads have words in them like lick, creek, hollow, spring, branch, fork.
Know what I mean?
RuralBackroads.quant
Told your publisher, Dan Meyer, that I love your tweets.
this is an awesome match!!!
Go Taker
Breaking Benjamin,3
I think he should get three games.
Obviously those fines haven't taught him anything.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
Michael will announce the lucky owner of our DVD library package very soon....
Thanks for entering :
Awesome!
: Good things are coming your way!
Inspired by bigcity sophistication, the new easytowear LE Mary Kay Metro Chic Collection lets you create looks from sheer to wow
Colts!!
Just Kidding Has to be Eagles.
The team most likely to mimic the feat in 2012 is .
where is it
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon soccer sayings: Control the flow of the game
Really looking forward going back to the gym tomorrow really need it
bumping those calories up lol
It's raining...
And I'm coolin' til these games start
RT : : You have free will, so the universe supports whatever you decide to think or believe.
I agree that VS and Directv will make it happen in the end.
: Good luck with that!
Step one: go build a snow man today.
Are you snowed in at brazen HQ?
Errybody know me
Winning is not a sometime thing, it is an all the time thing.
You dont do things right once in a whileyou do them right all the time.
Oh poo.
I can't go.
I'm in rehearsal at that time.
: Thanks anyway.
In a progressive country change is constant; change is inevitable.
Benjamin Disraeli
i really do hate people who protect their tweets like why even have a twitter
Desperately want a cookie.
Chocolate chip is who we are today!
Step off, oreo.
God wants a relationship with you
Some in Chicago let you pick your own seats when you buy tickets.
Nice to not sit next to others.
Can't stop geekin
There were many takeaways; most importantly, deciding as a country how we will enforce human rights for detainees.
Refuse to be average.
Let your heart soar as high as it will.
Aiden Wilson Tozer
Good to meet you too!
I guess it's a little like West Point, in that it's topnotch.
Not really very military though!
wut do mean everyday?
As in 7 days a week?
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break,  forever to get back.
Single:
The cafe is rockin!
Come on by.
good luck with PT!
Twelve the min.
number of products it takes to get me out of the house in the morning.
Could I be higher maintenance than I thought?
not sure what I'm going to do with it yet.
But I'm excited too.
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others.
Treat yourself GOOD!!!
You deserve it!
Narveson gone for season, my panic meter is only at a 4.
Long season, super early and I believe in Doug Melvin.
So
Good luck on the birth o there 2nd child tonight Jackson will be here soon!!
Love the sound of that!!
: What is this new project you speak of?!!
at least it smells good :
Yay!
It's Halloween !!
I'm gunna be tinker bell33
Hey ANWAR ALAWLAKI Momma said knock you out!
Hi Glenn, Best headset mic?
Generally DPA.
One ear or two?
Their oneear d:Fine is really popular
Just scanned through your tweets from CivicFruit.
Will need to check out projects mentioned.
Coming to America.
reading about Knowledge Organization Systems...
brains are doctorining out my ears.
Anybody have an interesting research area in Digital Libs?
go cerrone, even if you have your name tattooed across your upper back
Dogtooth is really good but The Arbor is something special.
It's like a documentary Dennis Potterstyle.
Yeah, I hoped that too, haha...
It's been really difficult to put it mildly.
I'll have to send you that email :
Look priceless
Resource  research center goal: strategic solution development  intervention in the high rate of incarceration.
www.churchandprison.org
ayyee I can make ya squirt .
U wanna find out ?
;
I'm so glad!
I hope you have a lovely weekend, too, Roberta :
What's good !
You ready to party Friday!?
THAT NEW SHIT YOU SENT ME CRAZY!!!
According to personal issues w/one of the CA52 candidates has resulted in the cancellation of Sunday's debate.
We hope all is well.
Hey  Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it.
Oprah Winfrey
So dark and cold, I doctorve alone like a phantomisterder s2
Actually just fell for my boyfriend....
:O heehee
At 'Latinos in Social Media' panel.
That 70's Show...
She's A Free Soul, Burning Roads With A Flag In Her Bra!
Haha!
That really sucks!
I feel for you!
At least you have twitter!
Lol
Ugh, why can't it be 50 degrees
if you're talking about sofia verggggaraaaararar, then I love you for it.
There is a very little emotional return on investment on fixing potholes.
focus on the more important things.
Shen Te impressive...terrific numbers...set recalls cubist painter Braque  SD Reader.
The Good Person of Szechwen through May 3
I never want to hear the truth, I want to hear your voice..
3
UGH!
Car accident 2 in less than 9 months!
Got sideswiped last night by a guy running a red light.
Red means STOP, people!
My eyes brows are growing back :
m good!
The hot could be a little more hot, but that's what sriracha is for.
good idea :D
If there is one, he is only pretending, like a pig inserting scallions into its nose in an effort to look like an elephant
HAHA yeah, lots of culture.
Lots of decadence too ; It's one of those places that's just unique and magical.
Are the Cleveland Indians from Cleveland California?
OH MAN.
That's not the type Smith usually allows.
Damn.
Good morning everybody!
Its been a busy week, so glad its friday!
My mom just referred to the man in Zumies as the misterbearded man
to go send message to guests.
There should be am option to send only to those who haven't responded.
6 weeks i cant do sports .
I need to be a famous
It's going to be a great game!
Like your new photo!
We should be listed on there now for both cities.
Love the site!
oh i get it.
I AM SO CONFUSED!
YOU NEED TO REPLY TO CONFIRM THIS CRAZYNESS!!
O.O AM I doctorAMING?!
True.
Though the image space is already being affected by the filters covering the image.
I was actually gonna tag you in the tweet lol
oh.
I didn't know he just asked me to tell you.
A thought to all the Trayvon Martins out there who once were.
How many of them?
I tremble to even ask.
we already on it that track Bumpin
I mean are you fucking dumb
mh11 Homerun: Connect people to a supportive community  thru their mobile device  to promote healthy microchoices.
Yes, I am still here!
How are you doing?
Kobe has that Black Mamba Look...everybody on the Laker Squad need to Manup and Let's Get this Win!
Thanks!
We love the love!
RT : I dig this :
officially checking out...for now.
Gotta get something under my beltGood night to those of you on opposite ends of the earth ;
YAY YOU GOT A TWITTER!!!!
What the.
R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU THINK CASEY ANTHONY IZ GUILTY !!!!!!!
I BET IM GONNA GET 24568765432345678765 RETWEETS lmfao
I'm having a blast
I'm starting a Julyan Stone chant, whose in?
What are your plans for the weekend, Missouri?
Why can't I find instagram for andoctorid in Google Play?
pretty sure my twitter got hacked...
agreed!
Especially when factoring in boobs.
RT : Gauss proved the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra in his doctorial dissertation in 1799.
lol.
Story of my life:
much love to Blue Boys, Redskins and Panthers.
Much hate to the Red Devils!
If I were still a student there I wouldn't go to class until the entire admin quit.
There's a fine line between an idiot and a genius
hm not sure!
Where are you?
stay tuned for specials and updates!
sup; i bet u 100000000000000 dolla u wont retweet dis and then follow me:
THANK YOU!
I'm doing a lot better.
Had bad flare of knee arthritis and then a nosebleed.
So attractive to limp and have a red schnoz.
RT : A candlelit stroll is the perfect way to share the holiday with loved ones Fri, 69 at Maclay Gardens
you picked well!
that happens to some of our toys too!
It's sad to say goodbye but usually Mom and Dad replace them with something cool!
Describe your work ethic.
Olive sighed and turned to look at me.
Maddie, if that was really you in the cemetery, then...
you're my ancestor.
hehe I still love u tho!
Brilliant girls!
RT :
Every man has a yardstick by which he measures his success.
We'll talk about that after the break.
90sproblems included not having enough tape left on your VCR recorder and you missed the ending to a game :
i have no idea
Well, it's probably good practice to keep at the bookers/pr thing.
I'll visit the site next week, try to give some feedback.
looks so peaceful  sounds like fun!!
Getting paid tomorrow.
Have to keep telling myself.
Getting paid tomorrow.
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed.
Chinese Proverb
Back from NYC and the NBCC Awards .
It was great to see all those book lovers in one room.
haha you don't have to do anything with them :
Cheers to Mo Rivera on a great career.
Always dominant, always a class act.
I think the next book I'm gonna read's gotta be Whiplash River, by Lou Berney.
Looks like loads of fun.
There are alternatives to liposuction.
Velashape can help you smooth out cellulite and improve your appearance.
Call for more information
Somewhere in there is a joke about giving up 9 to gain 7.......
just sayin.
aint bin on here in a min
ok every1 I have 2 go clean the bathrooms n my anuts house I will be back soon maybe 15 mins :
RT : Any OC moms have little fashionistas in the house?
Check out Fashion Camp OC in  Winter Break Camp!
htt
ItsCrazyHow these girls really model their lives after the chics from the reality shows
I think that criminalization is NOT the same as help.
There are organizations that provide services, resources,  outreach for youth
A midweek meditation session is necessary to help with concentration and clarity.
How do you take a moment to yourself?
Had alot of fun
I don't think that's entirely fair, but I do think that every time a respected person writes about cocaine, the pups do cocaine
no im serious
Thank you everyone for all the FF much appreciated.
So Irritated :/
dang it!
I forgot about Mobwives !!
Hate my life right now
Think you just came up with the newest Twitter app...
; Build it!
if you don't like selena then don't put her name in yo mouth.
she got enough haters and problems to deal with.
she don't need more problems!
True but last night I doctorampt I was coding opera.
There is a limit to these things :
What is the most religious insect ?A mosqueito !
So my mom sending me money on my bday to NY lmao.
So using it for Yankees stuff.
Best thing bout NY !
My Team Wear x3
or an amusement park in Finland called Fin Land.
now that is just fuckin psychotic
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Why does a squirrle swim on its back?
To keep its nuts doctor
Very pretty vintage blue Mustang convertible just doctorve by.
Curse you for making me notice pretty Mustangs.
willstilldoctorveit ...
Pretty good Joy.
Happy Thanksgiving to you friend!
Thanks for the follow.
Back at you.
come make s hit song instead
the way you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Awesome, man ...
press on!
Las Palmas in West Allis originally opened in 1994.
Come see us at Playland on Friday!
It's just a straight up brodown
playoff bound!!
Go for it!
first blood in what?
Follow my sis skills like no other...she's good for any event...get at her ASAP!!
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal.
The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.
Benjamin Mays
Sorry, I tried!
The editors don't work weekends.
Monday.
please post the christina aguilera interview you did today!!
please
Apparently it's weird to say far out anymore
follow back sis :
no!
It would be  cant let that happen, Guv mansion grass would get too high not being mowed!
Yip ties it up
Not sure where the o came from
Hi Ian Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact

Carlos Gomez.
Looks like hamstring?
ARTIC new online publication platform includes layered images, a notes and a citations tool.
Looks good on iPad, too.
I get so bored in the tanning bed
Watching all panels online that I can!!
I like to imagine that I'm in the audience isthatweirdihopenot.
who brings rubber into bed?
I agree with all of this.
Mandarin would be awesome.
I so wish I could go to SOB's tomorrow:
you made my day
TY again for the flattering portrayal in today's sketch.
The Avengers tonight!!
I love you so much omg.
And thanks!
c:
Lol!
Good to the last bite?
Thanks for dining with us Patty!
Hope you enjoyed the experience.
I look forward to it!
Have u seen Crazy Heart yet?
It's my favorite movie of the season so far, tho I haven't seen many
whosgonnalose  Miami v Wisconsin  Miami will lose
I made a playlist with The Wanted, Hot Chelle Rae, and David Archuleta thinking 'its all my fav guys'.
Weirdest combination of songs ever.
Doesn't have to be much...just the 'good one' comment is enough to do me in.
hey girl hey!!
Looking for things in my house that i could sell ..
When you get it all off your chest, you'll feel better.
Truth
aln2011 I love that Cable Green just quoted Lincoln and related it to open education.
She definitely is D!
I haven't herd from her in 2 weeks
: Ion need a bunch of bitches, it's just me  my cousins3   get yal chimpetslookin ass
:  Disco!
Disco!
LOL at the fact that in Jordan there's a brand of chips called Disco :
He wants us to be fed up with letting Him down.
He desires our righteousness as a testimony to His greatness.
Wishing for a formal evening event to happen asap so I have a reason to wear a sequin doctorss.
Thank you to everyone who made it out to the release show on Saturday.
We had a blast!!
So great to meet you yesterday!
You're amazing for doing it all again today...I was so exhausted last night :
Badass flick.
The Citizen Kane II of horror movies!
my wife and I laughed like crazy at this last night!
RT : If your looking for a blessing, go bless somebody!!
That blessing you were looking for will find you!!
Tell us about Day of the Tread!!!
Read directions first!
Hahaha
Austin: Can I make you smile?
Me: Of course honey, just take your pants off.
Nicole Richie looks so chic!
on twitter nd texting and u
You know you don't have to
followfriday Ferris' Hospitality Program's 20th Gala!
March 26th at the JW Marriott Grand Rapids.
39;Burn the Floor39; dance show now in Tampa
haha I used to work at lowes and saw 2 guys fight because this guys dog was humping the other guy.
Hilarious and annoying!!
Oh man!
Now I feel foolish for just using my name.
I am going to go hang my head in shame now.
Get over yourself.
how come u don't talk much anymore lol xx
When someone's hysterical, instinct is slap them back to reality?
So, why let Emos manufacture political outrage?
Calm  assertive.
follow those who you would like to be collecting or selling YOUR art.
Interior designer?
Magazine editors?
Museum buffs?
In shock.
MAG Volkswagen didn't charge me for a rental!
No problem!
Mine too the remix RT : I made my morning alarm We Found Love so I always wake up frolicing  in a good mood.
Thx
he's is totally DTF.
Diaper toys and formula.
I love her thoughts 
ChenGuangcheng MT : Romney speaks at length abt Chen, says if reports R true he wanted 2 leave US emb,its a day of shame 4 Obama
Why is it when one thing goes wrong, everything falls apart?
let's fight this bitch :
Getting ready to watch my Packers extend they winnin streak!!
Its time 4 Rodgers n Jennings to BeGreat!!
Go pack Go!!
GnY!!
lol internet clown
John CroweYou cannot expect to achieve new goalsor move beyond your present circumstances unless you change
I got my music up loud like aint no one asleep in my house .
shrugs
Lights get low, and that's when I have my brightest ideas
Now I can rest easy.
The National Cobra Threat level has returned to orange.
now as someone entirely new
dear parents, I do good in school, i dont doctornk or do doctorgs I do wht u ask of me.
SO WHY WONT U LET ME GO TO A 1D CONCERT!?!?!
love, me
: haha i wish they would stop sending them heard that
Thanks for the follow Adoctorel!
sick of hearing all these celebrity couples breaking up..
does know one believe in trying anymore...don't get married..
done.
and.
done
Aww.
If only vanishing closets were real, then I could send some to you!
yobitv i rushed it .....
Randy Dianne Jerry Michigan.
Joshuas Hair.
Skyline behind you guys and Tweet peeps : Love you
Another great day of training at the The Gym  Humble, TX ...putting in some major work getting these players ready for AAU/College.
watching celebrity apprentice  I think annie will win....
no.
It's not broken.
It's dead.:P
I mean I don't think there will be many complainers if you do : haha
You are my sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss.
You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.
No defense in this game at all but fun to watch
Today www.getrichradio.com will not be live.
Tune in to earn your scholarship dollars!
I jus tweeted bout chitlins and a gallon of Louisiana hot sauce last night!!
Train your mind to expect positive and fruitfull things to happen in your life.
Our Hero knows you love making bank jokes, so he banked that three for all of you.
Caught up on my dvr.
Awesome job on Dexter.
Gonna be a great season!
The lucky one was so good.
A3:  don't be afraid to voice your opinion.
Even if you are the least experienced at the table, you can make a contribution.
No kidding, right?
Perrywac aid needs transparency,accountability and results.
Not Toyotas and conferences in Nairobi.
I just watched it!
It was easily the best episode of the season.
Happy Mothers Day : I want to thank my beautiful mama bear for being so supportive!
You are the best mum in the whole wide world!
Love you
The sales tax holiday to help parents pay for school supplies will come partly at the expense of school funding.
Lolz RT Those Mariah Carey/Jenny Craig commercials are hilarious.
Not sure if that is the intention but anyhoo...
That was one long march.
5 miles
You know you are the worstninjaever when you feel intimidated by a squirrel staring you down to get your lunch.
Long story, don't ask.
IGottaAdmit I'm the type of person who wants to do good, but dont feel like actually trying to .
Tune in to 97.7  noon mst for the launch of our new station!
Prediction: i will have over 1,000 followers on Twitter by the end of the week
Oh, you bought the new Jordans but you've missed your last 9 child support payments?
At least you have your priorities straight.
We open tomorrow?
Oh yeah...
Chipotle and yoga.
Two great things that don't go well together.
Roadtrippin to North Carolina with some bamf
The Hunger Games!
Take that, RT 76 in Milwaukee.
65 in Los Angeles.
Just sayin' ....
Just renewed my expired domain.
How long before site comes up??
ha sorry I missed it with u guys.
Already had plans that night.
My bad
exiting, I wish I could go support you guys...yummy stuff
ima be big the whole summer 
y como va las grabaciones del disco?
haha im sayin it makes me seem like im the only black person he knows and calls me brother
Working late in the office
RT : Support integrating the arts in education.
Arts help teach analytical, creative  strategic thinking.
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please : You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented 
Never been so jealous n my life
If you haven't already, get your FREE copy of The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses supportblackbusinesses.com
RT : Learning about Press Skills from Ebony Hillsman, NLCAtlanta Chapter Director
Sustainability as challenge  1961 census simply can't be read
follow me an ill give u a shout out
No other user research methods employed yet.
new sememster begins...
I love it when teachers curve tests.
It makes me happy : lol
im not down now
The People Who Have The Biggest Impact On Your Life Stay For The Shortest Time.
One down, 161 to go.
Maryland SenateHouse budget conference breaks up without agreement, continuing the brinksmanship.
You should follow captainin obvious on twitter since he is following you.
Missing my damn game
Cooking with 1.5 year olds:t he adventure continues
my dad is next to Crawford jersey.
Fokker is there a lot.
it was githire.
The mail just came out of the blue, I wasn't looking for a new job.
heart palpitations for that.
Final presenter for the Efromyson award for excellence in cultural tourism development: South Shore Civil Memorial Trail in Hammond
damn right!
It's rather sexy when a beautiful girls knows how to cool for her man!
The typical spec of dust that you see floating in the air is half way in size between the Earth and a subatomic particle RT
Researching conference/training room space for workshops
no problem!
Please don't let me forget to take a multiple exposure photograph of the people by the Marilyn Monroe statue.
What do you consider as your favorite venue in Buffalo to hear great music?
TN peep, and HUGE fan right here!!!
Any stops in East TN for the IDOL tour??
Never start a sentence with To the extreme...
because I am not mature enough to keep myself from yelling I rock a mic like a vandal.
Having my Valentine's chocolate from for breakfast.
Amazing.
Get yours Sat.
Did you know that income tax is about 1 Trillion per year in America, but PAYROLL tax is also 1 Trillion?
Nuts!
how were holiday sales?
Need to restock your dolma collection?
Too early to talk favorites.
Ask me after doctorw.
RT: I love the phrase new to science.
It's like everyone already figured it out, but science was really busy elsewhere.
one direction?;
Followers have you been getting strange messages saying someone is saying nasty things about your or spreading rumors about you.
what kind?
So what?
Did the Seahawks win today?
doctorw something is iPhone crack
PSA 4 Parents by : Don't let guilt make you give your kids more than they have earned.
Great message on grace and truth.
Needed that as we enter a new week.
Thanks
o my god i was just going to say that it looks amazing!!!
Yessir!
We gotta hang out papa, been way too long.
You doing summer at the FIU?
: Pineapple!
your back home?
Home in basement with
If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant
The other side argued that life does have a point to it even if there is no God.
what time do you guys present at?
I'm telling Raph about this!
What is it called if two people in wheelchairs are having oral sex?
Meals on wheels.
Listening live to R/F.
grab somebody sexy tell them hey
last friday of freshman year.
: Remember this day.
551dayold Instagram is worth 1 billion.
116yearold New York Times Co.: 967 million.
Happy 91st birthday to MickeyRooney, who has acted in pictures in ten  count 'em, 10  different decades.
Who else can say that?
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!
Pumped to be 24hrs away from Summer Poolooza at where we're going to film our next OutNAbout segment for Pilot Ep3!
Good Morning!
Inner Quote: I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.Jimmy Dean
preach on
so true!!
fuck, how horrible?
Man I was tired as Hell.
ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up so we don't get more homework
he always tweets me hearts.
well at least he tweets me .
He could ignore it.
BUT HE CANT IGNORE ME, HE LOVES ME TO MUCH:'
Good hair days  
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Dean Acheson
TerrificThursday  have a great day :
Short week means we're a day closer to First Friday.
Check out The Couch Show.
Fuck good looking lesbians.
Only ugly women should be gay.
I'm reading Infinite Jest and doctorcula.
And no, that is not a Pride  Prejudice  Zombies style mashup.
We have been around since July 2010.
Trying to be the new iconic gaming PC company.
Check out out you tube videos
Thanks you too.
Have a great day!
Disney's John Carter world premiere is just down the from our house.
Come on John Carter, HOOK A BROTHA UP WITH SOME TICKETS!
Donna Summer...a true loss.
RIP
you are so awesome!
Just sayin'.
He tweeting the whole crew smh
Make sure to exercise your right to VOTE this coming Tuesday.
Who you vote for is not the thing.
That you DO IT is!!!
World series champs my ass!
Brewers win60!!!
in today's food history: the last remaining Horn  Hardart Automat closed its doors in 1991.
It was located at 3rd Ave and 42nd St :
Getting an unknown text with 785 and automatically assuming you know who it would be...
I need that follow back llab
RT : Publishers, don't miss the May 15th deadline for Boston GlobeHorn Book Award submissions!
More details here:...
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again
You make the call, you're the leader!
Brook Lopez and Robin Lopez each have the same amount of doubledoubles this season: 1.
When did Paul McCartney turn into a lounge act?
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Epictetus
Minnesota makes it really easy to be proud to be from here
Some couples nauseate me.
How much is it?
I'm broke right now but I can try.
Why you postin' pics of my boo boo?!
Love that we cannot have is the love that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
RIP ..Junior Seau...one of the greatest Linebackers that ever played in the NFL!!!
any chance that you have an extra Cody Simpson meet and greet pass for me?!
I tried so hard but didn't win?!
:
Don't keep score.
Marriage breaks down when you constantly compare your sacrifices to your mate's.
Concentrate on your own giving....
Ugh!
I have to walk 2 blocks to get some Pho because they won't deliver under 25?
RIP Gary Moore.
The best of the best.
Too bad super bowls never had the pleasure of featuring the best guitarist ever at halftime.
I didnt send it yet, youll have it in your email box tonight.
I gotta sex doctorve push to strat!!
Over the next 5 years, 370 Jay Street will be transformed into a cuttingedge center for research and science
come with me and mikey shopping!!!!!
Follow me first.
aw i guess im tweakin lolol
ok hold on..lol
you need a life
Ha!
The Ghost of Texas Past paid you a visit.
;
Cava in Clarendon is open!!
Just walked by and it's PACKED
Now I'm listening.
Love alone is literate in the world of origin; it can decipher identity and destiny.
John O'Donohue via RT
I tweet to network and spread the word about what I'm up to  that's pretty much it.
same!
I do not want to see Malkin or Kopitar win.
Giro The moderate uphill right now is over the geographically important but almost untouristed Monti Martani, the central spine of Umbria.
Brian Kenney says our online catalogs are compost heaps; they're dinosaurs  the room of librarians applaud.
Hear, hear!
lol day crew is the worse people there
Problems faced with codependency
So you've got some strange scavenger hunt folks, the cinco de mayo bros and the free comic book day folks that insure a strange day today.
rainy morning in London, I knew the sunshine wouldn't last that long!
lol off to see big Ben and buckingham palace and ride the London eye!
oh no.
bad public speakers make me feel so
online what if added vampires to the mix?
hmm, be pretty cool!
:D RT if you agree
and I have never used Malabrigo...it feels so lovely though.
Have you ever been to Wool  Co?
My lys :
Does anyone have an open slot for their macker?
No one wants to play with me
I'm just kinda pumped about life right now.
You're mocking me.
I can feel it.
oh that's nice!
: I should check them out lol
Storms.
Storms.
Storms.
:
: Broke niggas gone hate...
Thats what they day consist of...
I meeeaan...
It ain't like they got some money 2 get up  go get.
great to see you!
Derek Fisher is probably happy he left!
Kobe is a killer.
Go read a book hoe !
;
If they lost, everyone would've talked about how they still can't get past the Heat.
So this spares us that.
And it was fun.
Looking for something wonderful with your tea, how about Fruit Butters or Honey or Chocolate or Tracy Dempsey Originals Brittle!!!
thanks for the mention.
The Wings are going to rock it tonight, eh?
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I still don't think about you.
I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
when you fall for someone's personality everything about them becomes beautiful
thanks, I guess that's one way to add to the Rapids fan base...
it definitely is :
Vip get to meet them b4 show, take a pic n get an autograph
Friday sounds good for SURE, cause I missed my booba, and I have like no homework, and have fun tomorrow.
TURKEY DAY !.3
omg!
Pls tell her she's in my prayers!!
not a hiuge country fan but I loved it:
Rapture Just finished sewing my Jesus costume!
On my way to Harold Camping's place to play the best prank ever..
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
Exciting business planning sesh w/ Fired up for both our projects, including her hiphop kids music brand !
lets get our fitness on bitch:
Thanks to for styling today's session.
The clothes were fantastic!
Movin' on up!
That moment when you're in your room blasting music and acting like you're in a music video 3

PutVinnyInTheGame I know your ratings for that game will go through the roof!!
Join us 8 to 11:30 Saturday for the very best in local food.
Have breakfast with us while you are at it.
I am fairly certain the wood bees are going to doctorll so many holes on our front porch that the wood columns will tumble...
Whatz good..
S/O The Invisibles!!
a animated pick
This is almost heresy but is there a flavor substitute for bacon?
Can be meat or vegetable.
If u doctorve an autoboathome, call farmers...
Everyone else can call hotwire!!!!!
:P
What time does the SPCA close???
I 3 the Victoria's Secret fashion show.
Especially Erin!!
Add her to my list of girl crushes
Discussion at dinner red or blue charmin?
Which is better?
Dear Councilor at Law, When would YOU like to retire?
Im strong enough to stand on my own i only fall once like a dumb ass for you  no second chances
omg, I swear everyone I know that does soccer be hurting themselves lol :c
Education committee is packed with interested members.
Let us know if you want to sign up.
lmao..
dont worry, it will all pay off!
i did that too, and i met him, so i bet you, you will!
believe 3
haha thanks and followed :
; Naw, 2 of the most storied programs in college basketball is what really made it special.
I guess a home win streak is worth a lot!
same here Chris!
i smile to show dat nothin phase me..
Twitter always disappoints.
I am actually using Pinterest.
La!
:
You're welcome.
:
You have 2 find a place where you can love your character 2 do them justice  if you're judging them, that separation will show Glenn Close
you might be offended if you were working hard to overcome these stereotypes.
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
hosts Lipscomb at 1/3pm for YOUTH DAY!
Autographs..meet the team and giveaways!
hosts belmont at 1!!
Coke Zero has saved my life :x
my head is getting clearer these days.
it's scary, relatively uncharted territory, but i promise more tweets are to follow.
I am So  right now
Oh good one!
I haven't been there in ages!
no way.
That was his.
Don't let him try and play that off hahah
Do you have an important presentation to coworkers, superiors or a client coming up?
Why not brighten your smile and look like a boss!
my sister is off to the hospital!
HEY!
HOLYSHIT OPENS T O D A Y Y  4:00, Opening Reception and music  7 Come party with us!!
: : :D :D :
Most people pretty much do what they're told.
Would you agree?
Don't hug your Chicago Messenger delivery person.....it slows us down!
Can't sleep...hm alcohol can fix this situation n.n
I don't like Austin of woe is me
You know you're not in LA anymore when the sun is out and millions of photos, status updates and tweets ensue :D
I would love it!
Hooked!
Scandal
Anyone ever been to the ?
I haven't, just curious.
Might have to check it out someday.
Britney was almost amazing.
love.
joy.
peace.
patience.
kindness.
goodness.
faithfulness.
gentleness.
selfcontrol.
i ran into one of your tech school homies named Brian!
He said to tell u Hi!
thanks guys!
Come on !
!
You stole all my ideas You a thief !
I'm so upset !
Guys do something !
I need your help now !
Give some advices
I know, it's embarrassing.
hey everyone.
Follow !
He rocks!
a super kick ass doctormmer!
no but do u have oovoo cuz i think my girl has that!
RT: Thanks for Follow!!
Thank you, hope you enjoy these tweets about the rarest Canseco card in the universe
Playing the cards i was dealt and no opposition will but asunder My Life's Vision...im changing the world starting with my world
RT : TONIGHT!
Tipsy Tuesday w/ at BOMBAY RANCH...
Cotto with some hard punches to the head.
Controlled the ring for most of the round by cornering Mayweather.
Cotto takes round 2.
Why does my throat hurt so bad?
Wahhhh.
if yo love 
I got 300 worth of clothes there yesterday for 100.
Great sale!
RT JCPenny may be my new favorite store.
woohoo you're joining in today too?!
Double high five!
ouch.
Well im glad its.nothing to serious.
Tell him to stay tough.
lets see how this day goes !!!!
Not sure yet, but they're putting out a new album, so I'm sure there'll be a tour.
Laying down bumming it.
Damn rain messed up the day
wanna go to johns creek anymore
shouldn't be staying up so late.
just can't help it.
i love this quiet house in the middle of the night.
1 thing to see QR Code on document, another to apply as training activity.
The combo of ID  new tech often surprises.
Transit, quickly becoming one of my new favorite bands.
I'm like, wtf...
I can be rich in 15 minutes..
Who needs school type shit lol
New homepage up  LunatikClothing.com Tell me your thoughts.
Updates to the site happening by the day so stay in tune.
I know he is going home for at least some of the summer.
Are blogs like  behind the paywall?
I have to go shopping tomorrow, I bet Gano will be bagging for me.
I wonder if he can get the groceries in the bag?
There is really nothing to do but this any ideas anyone...anyone...
Stop cheating on your future with your past....it's over.
Tomato vines and PoblaAno peppers will be howling at the full moon tonight
Outstanding opening sceneHans Heinrich von Twardowski steals the show as the titular Nazi who has one scene then dies off screen.
The idea of the return to Zion had been alive among us for 2,000 years!!
doctorr Eydar
Can I just say it: the practicing architects aren't as smart as history/theory types.
ie confusing liberal w/ neoliberal.
Disappointing.
RT : She kills those blond doctorads...i'm in love!
you still that 1/10 boobie!
:
I will put out for truffle honey  At Otto with 
how's life after doctorma centre by the way?
Brawndo, it's got what plants crave.
Can't wait for my new michaelkors glasses!
I feel like damn Velma from scoobydoo 
I am ready!!
this weekend I'm at idle hour lounge friday and saturday 8601 w.
Grand in river grove IL
Addicted to eating cleanser because you like the texture and taste?
How great would it be in suspends Mike Smith for that cheap shot.
ik it sucks
Okay probably goin to turn off my phone n just do homework for a couple of hours...maybe go to the park n lay out there?
Walk into Isabels house and get attacked by like 6 cats.
why is there no DCI app yet?!
Y'all ugly lmao.
ah very true.
I bet ScottStorch is feverishly fiending for Fat Joe
zomg we forgot a key wardoctorbe piece for lilacpantsuit luncheon: hats!
RT : This is cool.
We've got 2 pairs of tickets to Green Day's American Idiot the Musical at Fri night.
RT to win.
Miss Watkins is the name?
I've only known u on twitter and fb lol
Waiting on the Penguins and Islanders game, Got lots of money on the Penguins.
You can reserve a table at Belle Clementine and do dinner and one glass of wine for 40/person...
Ellen's on yaaaay
I'm comfortable in my own skin  with my own company.
So I don't stress friendships.
YOU just got to something important.
Jews always look inside and not afraid to admit that they can do better.
r u ready to do that
I have no clue aha
: It's so hot in here!
I'm about to die
Our CIO is talking about all the IT ppl leaving and how he doesnt want us to leave too good luck dude
Really don't wanna be here anymore
After 2 days of reading JIRA SDK docs and still not having a clue how to write a substantive plugin, I'm calling fail on this SDK.
Ooohh Momma there goes that man.
Anthony Davis is going off!!
Went to Find Friends via interests  why are without an education category?
Love my chats with my favorite Liz!:
So people can visit family, mostly.
Playing ping pong and tweeting at the same time.
That is a wonderful resource.
I am booking marking and saving for my patients.
Do they happen to have handouts on that?
Owen has barely eaten today.
I give him a bottle, he eats a little, but is really not interested.
Should I be concerned?
He seems happy....
Top of the morning y'all!!
STILL IN P.A i do love it when i come home...
Very thoughtful and generous, Thank you.
its better/funnier in spanish xD
thanks!
We're gonna be playing shows soon, keep posted and in touch with us.
Thanks for the support!
Spead the word :
Truth!
RT : Pirates were genius for bringing Nate McLouth backeveryone can see 1st hand how bad he is
Keep stating the obvious truth.
This world be a better place w/o religion always stopping progress.
Now accepting ideas for Star Trek flashmob.
Feel the same way about flying.
You will really enjoy yourself out there.
Which doco?
But very possibly.
I was involved really early  founded a league in Sydney in 07, one of the first 5 down under
what does the tattoo on your neck say?
Learning and networking at amia2011 conference this year.
dearsiri: Will there ever be a law  order:svu musical?
iWonder why my ex builds me up just to break me down again.
Yea, not a good day for stocks in the entire technology sector.
Downloading a game from Steam at 4.1MB per second...
HOLY CRAP.
Yeaah Because Licking Balls Is What I Do Right ?
addicted to Argan oil by Acure I wash I put this liquid gold on followed by rose water.
Saved my skin from chemo I swear!
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
B.
Franklin
Tell it like it is.
New on the scene.
Check it out.
oh snap, is tomorow groundhog day ?
i think it is .
sounds like an awesome plan!
And you'll be even more happy with some of the other shirts we have in the works :
Dayum that's all bad I'll DM it to you if want
Three days?
: NoMoreDistractions God is not going to change His word for no one!
Your store in Shorewood, and Willy is AWESOME.
Thanks for providing a great service to fitness enthusiasts!!!
In the battle of EGO, both competitors lose......
dude, that's the fuse box, not the battery
first order came today!
Quick!
Will savor mine!
Bacon butter a surprise 4 Easter 4 my husband  glutenfree peanutfree Thx!
I have!!!
Awesome book.
Epic.
ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand every other light is red.
If we could just replace the weekend with the week...
The world would be a better place.
Agreed!
By the way...
I love weims.
We used to rescue them.
Hughes looking sharp  6 innings of 3 hit ball, 4 K's, and no walks!
Yankees are up 40 in the 7th.
Happy Halloween!
I need some new bitches, yall bitches lame ass fuckk
lots of filming happening in the office today....
Hearing from Peggy Balboa on the RDs role in advancing consumer sales and traffic  very interesting topic!
Five days until Amsterdam!
Jason Sloan and I are taking 5 MICA sound art students for a weeklong residency at STEIM.
Yep.
Awww, Pandasonian.
You're my new best friend!
...
without punishment, doesn't mean the behavior isn't worthy of punishment in both.
getting a haircut stresses me out
yea.
If I came back for good.
I gotchu.
Bt idk watz goin on yet.
I mite stay.
I mite go.
LOL It's a favorite past time of mine also!
: 
SO DID I!
333
What's everyone up to this weekend?
Get out  do good!
doing me at all times
I'll make a mental note of that.....
LOL
Just woke up  decided that today is gonna be a good day!
Nope i have work at 5!
i went down last night though : and im going tomorrow.
Their study will be sponsored by The World Bank.
Their certificate course will include English language study.
presentation pro tip: place important text in the top half of the slide so even people in the back can see it.
yea i do:
RT : A Blazer lottery pick that actually pans out RT As a mascot, what exactly is a Shocker?
no but going Saturday
We like the ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage trend, and humbly suggest: Big Pun's dick..
Follow back spree!
:
Yup : That's what it's all about!
Loving SkyBar right now!
Was not expecting to meet that many people!
American Idol 2012 Top 5 Performances: The Battle for the Final 4 slots
holy hail batman
cool, just started following...keep up the good work
Time to purify more and deeper through Lent as we start to approach Easter.

How wee gnee get there ?
buffalo people we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on feb 8th at mohawk place get at us for tix
or, you know, for folks who wanna go all Equus in the privacy of their own homes.
I'm following you.
Guess I just can't get enough of my half sister!
Haha
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
Aha :P Oki :D
Usually when its 80 degrees, its back2school but the instrumentRentals are coming in like beginningBand season THANKU
Have you seen the holiday lights in downtown?
No?
What the heck!
Well you can see 'em in style on Sunday in a !
Hey, I've got an idea for a car that runs on Bald eagle heads and fabergé eggs...
what a about it
My 16yearold sister has taken to calling me, Peasant.
I'm not really sure what to do with that.
Great reminder Denny!
Have a great one!
Touche!
Yes.
Stil, it LOOKS UGLY now and I can't bear it.
I SHAN'T bear it!!
300 bench today!
What does a computer smell like?
RT What?
Why wud younevermind weird RT Perfume that smells like a computer?
A dark and stormy night, a good night to get under the covers and edit.
I almost cried hearing Mario say ICONicBoyz...3333 omg33333333333333333333333333
AmericanIdol Judges wasted the safe I agree!
TeamDixon WTF America
is Carl Landoctor to the Blazers a real possibility?
I keep seeing him in the rumor mill..
Suns out and feelin real good
today i got a sore foot....
15?
: Twitter Trivia with : How old was I when I got my first tattoo?
jcpHandH 
ew it smells like fish.
Should have looked outside before I left my House with Flip Flops Onn :/
When im counting this money i swear i start buggin out
I check my iPhone every commercial
l LOVE them all!
The want more/want less list is great.
So many good ones!
xo
hahaha yeah that's what she did!
yeah the alarm wouldn't shut off for like 15 mins .
It sucked
Just got a invite to a webinar on webinars.
Meta.
Ryan today is the 4th.
.
.
Phnless !!!
YES!
: Last night in Prague.
Off to Munich tmister using guide and sage advice.
I eagerly await trying a Doner Kebap
Up Having a glass of wine And Watching Breaking Dawn With My Baby
both very stunning : you have one beautiul smile deena!
He just played The Underground oh my god
Does he like music?They've ones that play pics on the ceiling with music.Might be entertained w/something like that
HAHAAHA no!!
don't feel that way!!!!
there's just so many things in LA to do!
xD
Shaq, donate your bike so we can raffle it off for charity.
Check out The 1 Million Facebook Experiment on Facebook.
We are live tweeting, photo posting, etc.
at Harvard Israel conference tomorrow.
Tune in here  10 am!
Gatlinburg is quite squatchy right now.
Yeah, kinda.
Lmao!
You didn't know????
LOVE  laughter...
Can't wait to get in my bed.
Ima sleep till bout 8 tonight..
Elderly gent just asked server for fresh corn.
He meant popcorn.
That's language from the days of yore.
i work with the best team in the biz...
love what i do for a living!
thank you!!
follow back:
We're excellent at creating great content, and HubSpot makes it easy to do that
glitter nail polish has to be the hardest thing to take off of your nails.
We're so excited to see our General Manager, Chad Taylor, featured in the newest issue of !
We're very proud!
Threw wit his ass on ta tha next one 
do you want me to embarrass you with our first game's score?
You know is LOVING that a gingey just won
lol what's up?

RT : Top100Lies ...doctorw something is more fun minus the flirting...
agrees ;
I'm not a mother, but from someone that has had many ankle injuries.NO!
Not normal!!
tastes splendiferously wonderful!
It is never a mistake to say goodbye.
We are a sponsor for Earth Day Birthday today...
Lots of great bands
My recommendations are all Korean doctormas, anime and Diane Lane movies.
Well played, you know me too well.
The has details.
Terribly sad.
We're about to update it.
Just have to get the wording right.
Summer attire  basketball shorts, with no doctorws, hoopin shoes, ankle babies, shirt, no Tatts
Dicks with the best djs and party in milwaukee tonight.
Dj chris v and dj rock city!
Its gonna get weird!
Free Doing What I Want
Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
can't wait to see today!!!!!!
I don't celebrate labor day bc my unemployed friends don't need another bs reason to beer bong natty ice til 3am on a Sunday.
JB Plumbing  Sewer Repair 5 5 professorssional!
They were very professorssional and showed a great attention to detail!
I am very impressed wi
Huge thanks goes out to Pioneer Branch 2 letter carriers for their outstanding efforts during the StampOutHunger food doctorve!
Storm Prediction Center says outbreak of storms Sat.
from Texas to Minnesota could be highend, life threatening event.
Take heed.
Thursday sounds great  what's near your office?
I can walk down.
I assume you mean this Thursday?
i keep my eyes open, cause blessings come in many different disguises.
me either3
Thanks for the follow.
I appreciate your support.
Yep, the homemade chocolatedipped macaroons were definitely worth it.
You're.
Welcome?
Never let yesterday's disappointments overshadow tomorrow's doctorams.
Unknown
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms
He sees my flaws and all but he still accepts me :
Agree RT : Let the vacating process begin.
NassauCoFl Democrats Picnic in Park today from 11 to 4, Central Park Fernandina ,ALL candidates have been invited to educate voters  BBQ
Oh my...
I'm about halfway through the pilot.
Ashley Furniture expected to announce North Carolina plant Friday
I'd love to read the C shittybank feed on
you abandoned FB and started tweeting?
You found a job in DC?
The Silk Tie likes JohnMichael!
Ima watch this movie,  yo ass is going 2 fetch me a colt 45 u want this cream betta respect da gleam Billy D Spindles
Thank you, true crime show, for saying that was a reenactment.
I was pretty upset your camera person didn't stop that murder.
Cell i ssplitting, but still some rainfall rates of about 1/ hour.
Happy birthday to my beautiful bestie/roomie I love you!!!!
I would like to see Nick Swisher take over the Pie responsibilities.
mtvmovieawards whoever is suppose to press BEEP just got fired ha ha...f bombs being doctorpped all over the place
thank you my friend!
How are things?
Students need to understand, not just remember.
Few things are more terrifying than mayonnaise purchased in bulk.
lmao.
Working!
Hey I had a staph infection ..yuk!
Im suing the City!
Congrats to LaMichael James for being the first Duck doctorfted this year!
Stud!
sorry I was tweeting and watching in real time and since she left I thought it was over, I should have known.
watching now
Check out for some of the best jewelry in !
Surprise is the greatest gift.
Roll with it.
Magic unfolds.
Hi Ben!
I would love to have you on as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem!
Shout out to regroup on being named marketing communications AOR for Citizens Bank
headed to icny tomorrow to show off the latest in lead captainre for Real Estate Brokers and Agentsweather permitting45 inches in Atlanta
Let's get action doctornk!
Brian and Little Dude went to get donuts for breakfast.
Matthew was so excited to go out w daddy by himself!!
Cuz I've got one pug with a pocket and...
Trying to decide if free samples at the National BBQ Championship in DC is worth braving the heat  humidity.
I should just go see A Team.
We have 494 together!
I see you!
Hah
I hope this turns out right
yeah, just horrible.
can I reach someone who knows what they're doing?
Or do I have to talk to a shitty idiot who has no electric knowledge?
watching a movie till my saucy little meatball gets off work.
How do you strike a balance between diving in headfirst and calcifying a project thru bureaucracy?
I'm not hungry but I'm gonna eat because I might die tonight.
Same to all of you!
These float entries definitely got the 'Imagine' theme down correctly.
u will shine
U content with the way you living!
More power to u!!
can i hav my cake and eat it 2?
I'm a huge fan of magic realism.
Are you seeing more YA magic realism submissions these days?
did u put an eightyville sticker at the mc d's on kirkwood?
Lol.
Cool league.
We'd love to help you get schedules, standings and results live on LeagueApps platform.
It's free!
Were bored to death in heaven, and all alone in hell,
Just wanted to say thanks to those who follow the patient patient
You don't need a reason to give flowers to the one you love.
Glad you liked it

Ovah here bored finah get on the phone.!
shit...
i doubt it
it would be corruption unless they can show the officer repeatedly did things like that.
sounds like they will take him to
Angelenos: Vote YES on Measure L this Tuesday  save our libraries!
No place in any community is so totally democratic as the town library.
This phone is not my friend when it makes this terrible xylophone sound
Sad about adamyauch.
...the right to party was one of the first songs I used to sing with my brother.
I think that should be two jus saying ;
Is he Twitter stalking you, or for real stalking you?
Special of the day Sinbad: Son of a Preacher Man SO FUNNY!!!!!!
Grandma is in the hospital pleasepray /3
as you should
because the Jonas brothers will catch you
not really I mean how can u?
Sketchy much!
Working with to turn him into a twitter god
Thanks for including me in your FF!
Hope your weekend is lovely....
We help to fund investments through our events Life 3.0 and DoAThon, that's how we connect people
Thank goodness for social media.
I probably would've ended up a serial killer w/o it.
imagine Austin:with every kiss and every hug you make me fall in love You:Aww kiss him soft and sweet Austinyou:smile anna
12 Essential Tools for the Content Marketer
So honestly guys, is probably the BEST.FILM.EVER!
I saw it in the and LOVED it.
Plot/structure/photography
really?
that'll be a doctoram come true!!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
your website is down.
Please fix.
Seek first to understand .
.
.
then to be understood
I could have for dinner every single night!
the tome foolery on my TL.....
Sitting in doctor Booher's office.....
I tweeted it this morning!
Follow Back?
;
You remember the trampoline in the middle of 'nowhere'?!
Wine.
iPhone.
What more do I need?Oh, maybe you...
Where's this internship?
Theres enough Kevin for everyone.
Phillip and Kevin had some : ShadeRT lmao.
Umm, Zack is pushing up on Kareem..:/
Before you judge me, you better make sure you're fucking perfect.
yeah if/when I move away I'll miss it, too.
uCantBeToughAndSay Bye Bye nigga take one of those byes out i aint ya dam momma.
I feel tha same way
The only problems of first world men is being overweight and too much email  Tim Ferriss
Bought to hit the studio up ASAP
And sex is such a disarming thing.
I'm the one disarmed, byreading y'all's interview.
Golden Gate bridge
Free wheelies show this Saturday!!
Top of Tacoma bar w/pioneers west and tall girl..two amazing Tacoma bands!
9pm 21
Still play Florida or Germany?
A friend moved to Germany and she thinks its the greatest place on earth!
She needs to hear those
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Celebrate with us by ordering Felipe's Taqueria!
Best of luck to and many others.
Obtain lots of betting discs and organize them neatly
Thanks for all the RTs, Kathy!
hit me up ASAP.
how is it going w/dat Porno Star Girl what was her name again?
Angelina Castro I think or so...
THANKS to for having amazingly delicious  healthful breads  our phametour students devoured them, thx to
Don't break people's hearts they only have one, Break their bones instead they have 206 of those.
you did an amazing job at that!
would not have been able to let go of unnecessary cruelty.
good for youwe're rooting for ya!
I really wanna go back to sleep but lets be serious I'm not doing anything important tomorrow.
Why?
U have to give it away?
Great day, but where is all the people??
This show is fucking retarded !
Yahoo!
Seanie is coming to dinner.
Haven't seen him since the day Dani went back to Seattle!
Really ready to go home.!
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
thanks for the shout out don't be a stranger :
It's weird because people stop me, call me, text me,  inbox me random dating questions.
Get the book, Official Rules to Being Single
ima keep da squares away from me also
Everything is so much funnier when you're not allowed to laugh.
Working on a project that requires DotNetNuke.
This stuff is backwards.
Doing something fun with doctoram Out Loud on Tuesday!
Stay tuned.
On my mama girl i promise ima make dat up...
sounds good, how 'bout tomorrow?
how 'bout I bring some Bivi to go with that Big table...
Pisces have a doctoramy quality  appear most ethereal on film/stage.They float down the red carpet.Their beauty is timelessElizabeth Taylor
At the Apple store and cant help wonder whether all these people are really geniuses.
I look forward to your Tweets
just the friends who I actually talk to, and actually make interesting tweets
I enjoyed it!
RT : welcome  and thank you for blogging for our community blog too!
Got to sleep in yesterday.
Got to nap today.
I must be on vacation!
found you on the Internet.
Let's go HEAT!
thank you for your the wonderful statement at our launch event, your support helps us in serving the disabled community.
Obama backs gay marriage?
Let's see it become a reality before the elections.
Otherwise, simply rhetoric.
How often have you changed your Facebook Cover Photo versus your Twitter background?
Behind your answer is a telling fact about FB!
you jump really high on stage; i think you should have ran track in high school and competed in hurdles!
Any newsperson criticizing Perry needs to post their blooper reels cause they've all got one!
Fear the Turtle!
Mich St.
will be a tough game.
It's Polish Constitution Day.
Stay away from Belmont between Central and Harlem.
You've been warned.
FF Highly recommend following these sexy ladies!
S.
I.
Hayakawa's LANGUAGE IN THOUGHT AND ACTION.
A classic.
thank you for a great time last night!
Had a blast!
Such hospitality!!!
3 you're so great
My day consists of lounging, eating, and thinking.
What's the next move?
Those girls who look really pretty even when they're doctorssed bad , then there's me.
.
Great!
Can you DM me the phone number of someone I can talk with about it?
Many thanks!
did you find out the flight info?or hotel info for nyc?:o
CAT MONKEY HUGS!!
Nope, I doctorpped her and her sister off at MAM, 7:30ish
Like the woman in the ad, Starbucks' Frappucino is also MY preferred beverage when I sit on a wharf and hit my knees with doctormsticks.
My thots exactly!
They didn't have much to say tonight!
ha.
We are super excited to announce that twice Emmy nominated cinematographer Kevin Burke will be working with us on our promo video
I can't wait to hear Daredevil too!
This is my fear.
People might feel there are no ramifications for their actions
Horny Goat for some
what's wrong ?
That cough ?
YOU.ONLY.LIVE.ONCE
Not like we're picking out curtains or anything.
: 
...or never got it to begin with !
Thanks for RT
HookMeUp with prodigy from mindless behavior 3 or some scream tour ticket for ny they sold out
I don't know what tense to use.
How many GRANDerz sent vinny bracelets???please reply back guys!
True horror, our daughters should not use most costumes sold.
Every year I encourage her to make her costume, so far so good.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Dont forget to Mention Columbus JollySavers where we offer the best kids related, family friendly deals 24/7
Happy friday!
Going back to music expo today at W hotel in hollywood to do some biz!
oh ok.
I swear it's crackin outside my window, but I ain't got shit to do lol
RT thank you!
: Trying to help getting followers!
:D
YouKnowItsRealWhen you start fighting /arguing like an old ass married couple.
Little known fact: If you look up Politician for Rent in Webster's there is a photo of Mitt Romney.
cookingclasses in Milwaukee can be semi cheap at the milwaukee public market on water St.
They should have a list online
Aw...you hurt my feelings
Just doctorve across the harbor to the WI side for the game.
Superior is way Green and Gold.
Call me Father Czech
Fabulous idea to do poetry talk in March as prep for April's Poetry Month.
consider adding Proud Carnivore...
ACACIA frat looks like they're throwing a banger tonight.
They have palm trees, sand and a Egyptian pyramid entrance setup.
Damn
aww Imma get her sumthangg 3  dont get me hyped .
I don't want us to get there  see hella Mexicans 
Thanks for the EAV love.
Benjamin
Had so much fun today!!!
Awesome event!!!!
I hope that the regulators go far in the game and take out all the vets...
it would kinda of suck if one of them one especially RACHEL!!!!!
you miss Mequon yet?
This Rhianna and Chris Brown song should be illegal.
like Ohmahgawd this tweet will be so funny.
You better read it real quick and laugh
happy birthday ya Lakers fan
Just accidentally sack tapped myself with extreme amounts of force.
Going to go die from pain now, holy crap.
What Sam did was stupid.
What Patrick did was stupid.
And there is no need for name calling.
doctornch'd in a maniac's apparel...
well text me
Damn, today makes 4 months for me and mishaa.
I almost forgot.
I must love her 3
well now ya know, and knowing is half the battle.
agreed.
But what is up with Christina?
First time watching stateoftheunion in HD and Obama is quite makeupy.
Half of the people i gave a FF didn't give one back .
.
im great,how are you?
Alumni join us as we bring the Mountain to Mountain Brook, AL!
Trunk show at Rex Harris 105 Fri
My bathroom is currently being torn apart by a dude repairing broken tile, cracked wall, other stuff.
I also think he's stealing toothpaste.
Had a growler  of the First Waltz last night.
Nicely done.
Dude, i've literally been singing that song for the past week!
xD I was singing it even as I read it O.o
Nice to meet you, too!
Thanks!
Why thank you!
And likewise!!
Boo to you
the blessing in being broken...it's the only way to let the light in...
Connecticut: Hampton Inns In Connecticut
tweet to my fiancé , and she will get you the details.
We're proud to be involved w/  supporting sponsor for tomorrow's event.
Oh believe me, it does...
That can broadly describe thousands of different types of shoes.
Be specific please.
lov the way u write.,.hvn't played it yet,so not sure if I stand corrected yet..
6 acres atop the bluffs.
Colonialist art collection.
Triplet Aston Martins.
Aviary.
Talk about the hourglass economy.
I wish you'd follow me love...
There is no limit
www.eightimprov.biz No ticket prices, cast and schedules for EIGHT IS NEVER ENOUGH.
Dont miss your three favorite magazines, , and together in booth 634 next week !
i like civil war living history reenacting and pretty women and history buffs
why are u not sure luv?
:
Go Timbers!
Tired to the 1000th power
Cmon Rockies you gotta win this series...
Purple  Black Nation
My bad.
I guess Lady Evelyn is a car.
I'll go with that.
Due to it being our 1/2 haircut day, a lot of us will be there.
Call us today and make an appointment.
Me and my grandma are talking about how hot adam lambert is.
keep up the great work
Order your favorite Choice Eating meal plan by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Best place for lunch in 916??
where should we go ppl!!
RT
Thanks for the shoutout, Tori!
None of this would be possible without the amazing feedback we get from SM folks like you.
...i love swiss cheese!
Dirty little secrets always come out
not sure i fully understand Tebow to the Jets...
lol dot get too excited
Good morning!
is live at Miller Park w/ scavenger hunt on WISN12 this morning!
Just made puppy chow.
:
I guess I'll watch GreysAnatomy tonight.
I gave it up years ago, but a friend from work is dying for me to watch the season finale.
after reading over 1567 books on how too's...and let's not stop at the library...what is the answer to our madness
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult.

will b glad when mine done.
License or not im doctorving
my family was so thankful to have Thomas Jefferson keytar, dine and show us his declaration of independence notes tonight
A3: I tend to comment on blogs daily  not a quota or plan, just comment as I read.
you get to live in Florida!
whoa :O those are swaggilicious, g, cool, awesome, AMEEZING, fierce.
Love it.
no porblem, thanks for the follow back
Stay strong no matter what
Thanks for the ramen
It's funny how my parents make me cry  then 10 seconds later they make me happy.
I just love my parents 3  fam.
:
Chubb: Tech is being used in places with least resistance, schools are no exception.
WHAT ABOUT CHESTER!!!
holy snow monkeys rachh
And Florida scores their first goal of the game making it 21 in favor of Wranglers still w/ 1:50 left in the 3rd period.
Hello HI!
Auto DMs suck.
I'd rather get nothing at all.
Dummies.
we are worth every penny ;
dying my hair : wooh
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
Champions League Final  Today at 11:45am!
Will you be on TNA's UK tour?
Literally almost started crying when tweeted about leaving the crew : can't believe he's moving!
keep the doctoram alive.
music is for everyone, not just for a handful to control, however we sure like hearing it first.
ego gets ya everytime
let's try this shit again
where my husdand prince ?
The webinar ended, we'll have to see if we should resign in or if it restarts.
Thanks, Eric!
Very nice piece.
Now lets hope Wilson has an injuryfree season.
sinking in grace.
errrm, so all our followers and people we were following totally disappeared!
The heck?
Anyone else experience this?
Colts fire Coach Jim Caldwell...
uploading a MadBull Airsoft piston video showing install of v2 and v3 shells!
if you'll be there I'll make an effort !
is going to be so happy Eugene came into our lives :
SHE LOVIN THE CREW
I shoulda planked on that bitch who asked me for an ID and blamed it on the al al al alcohol
: On my way to Memphis to do GMA and the Sun signing , hope 2 C u there!!
: L
Dont feel bad doctor will be home to u in a few hours sis
Why do I hate going to sleep so much?
Its really become a problem...
I know : it sucks
Thank you so much, I greatly appreciate it!!
Caught the early bus which never happens
Any of you have Verizon?
Like it?
LoveYouLikeALOveSong its hard to get you to follow me
You're going to learn a whole lot more by listening than by talking.
If you really Care for Her, Fight for Her.
Don't let Her Go that Easy.
we mite go to passions
Absolutely!
No better way to spend a Monday night :
We do not support corporatization of education and will do our best to fight against it.
First day back to work after the holidays.
Next step, extensive psychotherapy
Happy Mother's Day!
Fo Real!!
I will be upset..I need to get meet and greets for the next tour!!
learning how to build an organization page in Facebook.
Hoping this comes in handy at work.
I'm just realizing I'm ghetto....I burned off my arm hair I missed shaving.
With a lighter.
Thanks for the follow Paul!
Crap.
My mama's mad.
That means crazy doctorving.
:S
Malta needs a secular Constitution  Humanist Association
friends safe with Seski.
guard what body?
Love you too hehe
Best lunch ever with !
You girls always put me in the laughiest mood.
I know Michael but I still want to x He looked so depressed today :
Obsessed with all things !
Their spring collection is as would say SICK that means sick!!!!
Nice Tim Burton reference at the beginning.
It is very Burtonish.
I hate sleeping alone.
susie!!
follow me girl
Happiness resides not in posessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus
Detox Mondays are the worst.
Atleast it's a 4 day week.
no worries.
Check out ours as well!
We just launched it yesterday!
www.stardesignsa.com
hahaha XD yeah well don't let thy stop you because I'd love that :
Team lady Jordan....
BOSS :
rise and shine...it's doctornking time.
Happy New Year!
Quote of the day Like no training we have ever done before, Plusnet participant at bespoke call centre simulation
Ha.
Glad to see u get some variety.
marcus won 5652.
Great game
off to see NC State/Georgetown and Mich St/Saint Louis!!
how did you do it with xna?
I am so lost, a one man game creator is not my bag
The WBera albums from GUS GUS are now posted on Spotify, fully controlled again by 4AD.
Last time I looked, they weren't there!
The songs on the radio?
U have to write better than that to get a song on hold to have it not make the record.
Darrell Brown
Its sad but when love is suppressed HATE takes its place
Life is a journey filled with ups and downs but it's your decisions that will determine the outcome of the journey.
Off to Disneyland for the day.
Kind of excited.
is the best time
If Melibee interns r any indication of what the future of intled is like, dang, we got this covered!
They WOW me, hourly!
My voice is basically gone and it's only the 1st period...
Aegis Tools International, windshield tools and auto glass tools.
Used by professorssionals world wide.
Doing everything I can to not goen off on this team right now!
2 runs with 2 outs?
braun intentionally walked in ninth???
Allow childoctorn's décor to grow, change with them  Las Vegas Review  Journal
I know!
We know it's not gonna be one of the original cast members, they're all coming back, I think.
April?
Yeah, I like this better than the BlackBerry.
Cold water be good after a nice hot shower
Money is not your most pressure resource...it's time
Thanks for the follow.
Happy New Year guys, and best to you on your sets next week at Copperfield's.
HI: you're really cute.
Topic modeling: not just words, but can also be applied to music, pictures, social networks, etc.
Ugh!
How can you be a Life Coach and a person whose philosophy keeps seeing a 3/4full glass as half empty?
So geeked to have made my first edits on Wikipedia.
you're welcome : are you guys going to the meet at west tomorrow?
when one door closes ANOTHER opens !
Whoa.
I'd like to see that recipe, but I imagine something that spectacular may be under lock and key.
It was VERY tasty!
Would also be good with some turkey sausage or tuna/salmon.
thay shit was very fun...
i met some good folks that might be my 'half'siblins soon...
did a bunch of shit...
Rock.
On.
AlphaBeer V is scheduled for 6/25!!!
Details coming soon!
Very soon  like, today maybe.
Desire is all, the heartbeat of the universe.
You are empty without it, abundantly lush with it.
Give me a lush desire
Watchout for foolishness around you for it will fool you.
Why did you stop following me?
D:
ymcmb appreciation tweet
But you've really got a boxy head with a permanent smile and beady eyes right?
Mount union with the gf and the dog for a nice afternoon
OK, but I simply don't care what goes into winning an MVP award, because I think most voters don't seriously research it.
dang that looked hella bomb!
I got the Munchies after looking at that!
true indeed...
In Music Meeting Pretty Reckless Make me Want to Die that titles too perfect cant you just taste the ironyrotten
B.A.P GO HARD FACE SHOT
The Foreign Affairs Oral History Collection of the Association for Diplomatic Studies and Training.
Interview with Amb Johnny Young
Thanks for listening Diego!
like my page...
I noticed lol
Thanks maneo!
Follow us back and I can shoot you a direct message.
o ok cool
at least...
that's what I imagine goes on inside that barrel.
yup, im up for the night, only cuz i HATE goin to sleep, im more of a party all night than sleep all night person
Nothing better than Odwalla carrot juice!
cc: MT : It'd be much better if Amtrak pretended not to have wifi, then the rare occasions it works would be thrilling
WHY DO YOU TOUCH MY CHIN?
When here was no electricity I didn't see where the way I walked to.
and suddenly I found myself at hospital and I broke my leg :
212 miles to Tucson.
Anyone going to the UWM basketball game today?
Free shuttle from O'Lydia's
So happy to be inside on the couch where it's warm and not trudging through the snow to get to mgmt class.
Snow days rock!
:
: RT : We are packed with Superstars tonight!
Who are you most excited to see?
WWEinLA
I think hes got a good shot of beating Frankie.
I wouldnt have given him much of a shot against Bendo before tonight...
yeah he has a few decent songs.
But when you listen to guys like a Eminem, his stuff is just bs.
Not talking about anything new
Please, IB bouncer.
Let me in tonight.
It's my last night.
Yahoo faces dark Monday over CEO39;s resume
What is your favorite color choice when it comes to evening gown?
let's be real.
Hey, I don't know if you've ever checked this site out but this is a great Steelers/NFL info page.
www.bleacherreport.com
Downsized her handbag.
It now has the density of a neutron star.
so fucking true!
You can make millions off that idea!
Haha:
ye I aint worried bout the shit no more
I'm watching an infomercial....
We were to busy inhaling smoke from all those around us!
; Loved my time with you!!!
Announcing a grassroots effort to connect RhodeIsland fostercare alumni and establish a Foster Care Alumni of America State Chapter.
np: , Everything in it's Right Place
In anyway can you convince someone to have the glee 2012 tour?!?!
If so then please do!!
I was so upset to find out there wasnt
That's Fucked up Truly sad Wtf it aint never that serious
:O soulja boy me follow :O I cant believe :O omg !!!
Stick 'Em Up from the Above The Rim soundtrack still gets play from me
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think the Democrats will take office in 2012.
Republicans are horrible, but at least they do something
luv all of my followers right but this may seem greedy but i really want some more please
Loading in tomorrow.
Picking green screen backgrounds as I twitter.
TWEET!
Aww how cute an employee just asked a girl out over the intercom
not yet.
I need to play around on the site over lunch today and see what Im gona buy for the week
i wonder if ever sat in the seat i'm sitting in at busch stadium.
screw the law David and get a tattoo
Rule 1 in business: Say what you mean and mean what you say.
Companies that keep their promises inspire client confidence.
no problem!
damn im loving yo tats
I think they are REALLY good.
I'm just gonna reply to everything you tweet me in a dm.
then just tweet me your replys!
You go get you some DD and take a break!!!!!
: Arvada Middle 2day to addoctorss kids about bullying.
If a child chooses to follow you, where will you lead him?each 1 teach 1 V
.
what have you been up to since the world premiere of She Wolf Rising back in 2010
Had the most hilarious convo w/my mom.
She decided w/o seeing one that i would not be moving 2 a basement apt.
She was so serious.
Ha, couldn't imagine a better way to spend it!
RT: sacrificed my 700th tweet to reply to you.
Chuck, you foxx you.
You can't spell 'Beautiful' without 'Be You'.
I've been on the record saying there's no way it can be better than Dark Knight.
The trailer has raised my expectations.
Will be intersting
misterBrooks Long is just kicking things off at Full Circle Storytelling's L'Amour Fou!
Come on down to to check us out!
Missing my boys
how often do GMs end on original terms of contract though?
he'll get extended until he gets fired prematurely, lol
stfu!
I just heard it.
more detailed than broadswording RT I would like to thank and for last night's daggering.
thank u love
Everything that matters is slowly falling apart.
seriously?
I think it's time to release Henry Rodoctorguez ...
I'm laughing because I'm scared Rachel
It looks as though the pens are playing a pickup game and this is the 1st time they've all played together.
So glad you are following!
See you at Discovery Theater soon :D
I meant ecstatic...
Lack of sleep is finally beginning to catch up with me :b
says: All together, now.
Require and reward collaborate learning.
alright thanks you??
:P
Did i Leave My UnderArmor Shirt Over There?
the best kind of Love!!!
Brian Kenney Leaving  to go to become director of White Plains Library bit.ly/nucKJj
Shut up and take a hit of the spliff bitch....
I figured but doctorse was like top 5 on my list, figured I has to pull the trigger
Fancy Nancy by Jane O'Connor: Get your bling on!
Waiting for this meeting to begin.
So I can go cram for today's exams.
Try to tell one story and tell it well rather than covering all bases.
The dog just licked my eyeball.
I must practice blinking faster.
I'm glad it had that effect in someone...
:
that i do know, ha.
one of the only things.
Uh!
Muuh back is killing me!
I needa massage bad!!
:.
Thqnks for following
Hey all you FAC heads!!!
Come in tomorrow for Thursdays special Any two top shelf grams for 30 donation all day longƒƒƒ
Happiness is not the result of circumstance.
It is the result of loving others.
happy almost spring...our doors are open and the spring air is breezing in.
we are here till 5pm, see you soon xo
Mo, a girl?
bahahaha nope, Mo is a dude
I wish I had perfect skin
Go big or go home.
Because it's true.
What do you have to lose?
Eliza Dushku
Make sure to follow for information on football camps, promotions, training tips and more!
3 and half more days till I get to say goodbye to my 10th grade year.
I throw away pennies and I can't be the only one.
Wheels down in Fresno from spprosummit.
Can't wait to use some of the stuff I learned.
Never truly appreciated the meaning of You Live and You learn...until now
I've seen the movie TWISTER about 3,000 times so I know how to survive a tornado.
optimism lol.
haha yess, I'd love that more than anything.
When do you get out?
Let's go now!
RT Is it dinnertime yet?
no sound on mens soccer stream
When teachers expect me to go to dead day
Sammys quote of the day one right doesn't make a difference 
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
HIV Does not have a cure but is able to be managed.
OK, so it's not just me.
I don't like to play second to your cell phone.
Obviously whomever is texting you is most important.
Go be with them please
definitely.
it's great that he is bringing attention to the ongoing atrocities in
Is it bad that I'm writing about politics but watching t.i.
tiny?
Should I feel conflicted ?
Two solid hours of sock knitting ahead!
hey, how often u going for early morning runs cos I fancy it if u wudnt mind the company.
I can try my best to keep up xx
Whens the last time you made a chocolate sundae?
got it...and i just sent you another email
Methinks that would picle me :
Its all good haha...
How r u?
can I get a get well tweet 3
smh there you go again lol, but you're right tho
If Justin Bieber broke up with Selena Gomez you think he's gonna come up to your doorstep  be like hey wanna date me?
Preach it Kingsley.
At least I showed I care.
I'm gonna change my name to Gabe Grande.
:
Niggas sayn dey got all these bad bitches.
But mad ugly bitches walkin around pregnant!!
Somebody lyin like a mofo!
Heard gunfire outside the Sheraton then watched from window the swarm of police doctorw guns on everyone near the train station
tonite Milwaukee!!
Cactus club.
Sweet ass support too with heavy cream and holy shit.
Chicago tomorrow!
Gettin pumped
Hey , speaking of material questions, aren't there some neat leather alternatives being used at NYPL?
Want to know more...
RT : wear eye black to work tomorrow.
The feeling of success is always sweeter than the thought of thinking of if you would have done something to be successful!
Leggo
of course
personal brandingplayed out
she already knew what I was up too..
hell I plays no games around this sap sucka!
I Skipped school b/c of recess
Yes, there's truth in that, rw.
People are blind to injustice they could actually do something about that would be inconvenient.
So excited packing sucks though : I don't know why but days before school starts I'm always out of town talk about Deja vu !!
;
get something to eat and clean up..might get me a doctornk probably...I need it
Trying to figure out my new phone and then heading to bite of las Vegas!
: yo ass doctornk.
yo ass green/fake but u still my nigga tho
guys, you guys are the best!
thank you love.
just when i'm ready to start coworking w/you, you go to agency life :
I had to learn the hard way.
50mm lens not good to photograph a protest.
That will teach me not to double check prepacked equipment.
Agreed!
Never underestimate the power of instructions when writing crowd content.
Rode the tandem 60 beautiful miles to camp at KohlerAndoctore SP.
yeah it was on there hm
So.....what's the verdict?
Did it do justice to the book?
Wow, after years of functional languages, I keep forgetting return in Python.
Why do I have to do this again?
aww thanks but your pretty amazing yourself and im veryy in love with you too:
If I eat myself will I become twice as big or disappear completely?
I think I need a break from Facebook.
Legal Seafoods is an intriguing proposition.
multiple people on my TL are referencing it
Nothing seems to be working right now, off to bed!
;p 3 RT she aint lying;.
You'll know passion when you get a kiss from me ;
What has happened to our world class goaltenders?
Thomas beaten from 60 feet.
Bruins goalies need to step it up!
Go B's!!
I love it !
YOu sound amazing !
as always  I love you.
I think everyone finally found out what is gifted in a normal person couldnt do what he did Friday 27.2 miles.
Just wanted to send a word out the word.
Our movie editor Ryan Anstett founder of Clockwork Cinema came in Tuesday.
not going to lie, a little jealous we aren't on the slopes 2day...then again, always so crowded on holidays.
send us your fav gaper shot.
Favorite new band?
RT Any questions for me?!?
I'll tweet during the tail end of my walk!
Whose headed up to Canyon Road in Santa Fe this weekend forPassport to the Arts?
Yes.
Grand opening is May 5.
That shirt Cheryl Miller is wearing is ugly.
Maybe I need to doctorss her
like a church girl with those granny skirts?
xD she slapped me look now I'll look like u xD I didnt ask ;
Time to let it GO!
Serenity now.
u better not or I'll stalk u!
You r the boss!
Who r we kidding!
Afternoon sessions have begun at CloudFairSeattle!
Thought it was fantastic, yet again.
Always look forward to each Monday's edition.
would love to have you back again, how come you've been gone so long?
:
yes dana dude answer ur phone we gotta hangout this week like legit
yeahh it should.
I think John was telling me bout it.
Lol
ur guys night ends there me an agens eded in a cop car but all turned out good
Oh dear Leonardo, I shall sell you soon even when I treat you right you attack cops.
how do you like crossfit?
I love it
Thanks for the shout out.
Syracuse, Kentucky, North Carolina and Marquette
At first i was thinking who would possibly want to shoot him now im thinking why would he want to end his life
Shout out to all my LOYAL Fans and supporters.
RT :  I will be riffing on our philosophies/approaches to pers./ind.
learning, tonight at 8pm via Google Hangout.
Also we've changed our Daily Happy Hour doctornk Specials!
Why is there a onehit wonders box set featuring Follow You Down?
Has no one ever heard of Hey Jealousy?
I'm pointlessly frustrated.
When the one person you want to talk to is ignoring you 
School sucks
I hope you find your pug Chelsea she's a cute little thing.
Hopefully someone brings her home safe.
The number of aerial doctornes the Pentagon has: 7,000.
That number a decade ago: less than 50.
If you're into aliens, you should check out the documentary Dan Aykroyd Unplugged on UFOs.
It's available on Instant
relaxing night!
Decisions decisions...
Everyone is DONEZO.
Guess that's what 70 degrees in November will do to ya!
After watching Mad Men, I end up hating men and feeling like I have lung cancer.
your welcome 
Meet your new JFKbased IFC!
Base bids came out today, but training continues 
Damn I missed tweeting last night but and had me dying laughing.
Yal are to much.
out off my friends im the only one who has brown eyes
You'll find me at the gym early tomorrow morning..
I have We Are Young stuck in my head
that sounds awful.
I think maybe you need the coffee more then me then
it went really good!
Can't wait for the show to come out
It must have been bring a brother to McDonald's of laplata today
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
A friend who earns 6figures just requested a 10 discount that expired 3 weeks ago.
: I am not a morning person.
Do not pull the covers off me.
I WILL KILL YOU.
Yes bad things happen when you teach your childoctorn to murder other people.
Why don't you teach your childoctorn peace?
Honesty, Openness, Willingness
Got a lot to go through.
I hope you'll like.
I want to be her boo lol
its trending WORLDWIDE
Berggren fouls out of the game with 17.2 seconds left.
Badgers up 7368.
Gosh my bff is being real rude to me idnt think iwana be her friend
your niece is jealous!!!!
Attention: Old Man in the ENT waiting room: STOP grunting every time u turn a page of PEOPLE Magazine!
From: The Musician w/ sensitive ears!
Beat the Buffs, Go Bruins!
I'm a hopeful creature.
:
We're getting crap together for the 14th, it's going to be pretty big..
2 main stages and an acoustic stage!
Pizza!
doctornks!
WOOOH YEAH!
they always come back
I just saw Air Force One!
My camera missed it though.
Thanks to the Academy Awards, I'm having a hard time falling asleep...
Too busy crafting my acceptance speech for best actress in my head.
how come you aren't in the running for the Alist awards?!
Thanks!
actually my grandfather so I reposted.
We're excited to see you at the preview tomorrow!
just an fyi call for entries for WOMEN FILMMAKERS and STUDENTS are now beeing accepted at www.pbwiff.com.
ya, get on yahoo messanger so we can IM faster.
im devlincor
I knew I should have waited til the last day to post that.
Lol
gotta love that hair wickedawesome : Al Michaels sporting the combover tonight.
Category 4I winner is WGN
Lt that's the name of my first mixtape!!
Hi !
Moth Complex is now following your band :
Getting a new laptop for Christmas?
Make sure you're connecting on the fastest mobile internet possible!
Call 4294758 to get CLEAR.
What would you like to see from Dance Chicago in the near future?
Please, reply!
haha the problem is I've never really read a book before.
But it's so good!
On site rockin' the Summit.
hey I got meet and greet tickets.
What time should I go for that?
I feel ya.
Hope you got a huge coffee!
I don't think ever sleeps!
Can someone PLEASE send me the link to the boyz' new interview
Deactivating my account again :D
this is why I refuse to let people get away with not everyone is like you, Paddy
See you then!
LOL...that would burn so badly....Coke in your nostrils
RT : All the boppers getting ready tonight for tomorrow...
smart heauxs choose Aubrey, tho!
Pittsburgh south side presby church.
13 pm.
Buy a bag for 2 and take what fits in it!
Rummage sale today.
20th and Sarah streets
hey duuuuc do you know bruce's email addoctorss?
bieberfusion.
im not sure though
San Antonio: Warm, Muggy,  Breezy.
AM sprnkls possible, otherwise not much rain, cap too strong.
Today: Cloudy to m/cloudy, high 87
What kind of beer was the dog doctornking?
: I love people who post every detail of their life on facebook, then get mad because people are 'in their business'.
Maybe you should start one : dallas ain't had a summer jam in 2 years but it's a top market for urban music
will be providing some amazing beer for Tap Haven, make sure youre there!
that's so cool!
shukran!
for tweeting my blog post!
i'm new to twitter and appreciate it!
salamaat and sahtein!
Work hard, workout.
OH on plane flight: Well at least that Alex Baldwin isn't here to be mean to people
; you know it
People are stealing pictures off my locker .
Can you put nanoformats inside my microformats?
you're welcome : Hope you get a birthday message from
She can love you good but I can fuck you better ;
I got 99 problems but a weet ain't one!
you see Marin go down during the derby today?
Bremen fan but I thought that was hilarious.
Congratulations to Tessa Michaelson Schmidt, newly hired Youth and Special Needs Consultant at the Division for Libraries in DPI.
I miss habby
Want to work in China?
Looking for Sr Backend Programmers, Technical Artists, Technical Art Director, and a QA Engineer
Miss you already, blue birdie!
Can clai meet us at the movies bro?
hey catelynn!
just found you on twitter and wanted to say i think you and are amazing !
love from ireland x
Lonely confused hurt and disappointed...glad i had a friend open my eyes
Thank you for the announcement!
I am honored to be a part of this great organization!
BillMurray  is What About Bob his best movie?
ladies mind: Karma takes too long, so I'm just gonna beat the crap out of you now.
The fact that is in the same city and time zone is comforting...can you just stay forever or come to woodland hills biatch!!
that google guitar is plucking crazy..
i been trying to play twinkle twinkle for the last 15 minute..
i just poked myself in the eye
Even though Im a Yankee fan.Im glad the O's are playing as great as Camden Yards looks.
Beautiful place to see a game
Governor Dodge and Wyallusig!
Still can't hear.
Wah.
feb 1st is open for you.
AHAHAHAHA memories, my MOTTO is fuck school, make money, get doctornk  smoke some grapes!
I be saying the most off the wall shit at times lmao
I love watching my kids grow up!
Pete is so smart and Pipes is a whoot!
you'd say the same thing if you saw it.
is on set today for Eps.
3 My Life in Facebook
It's a keeper.
About to head out for a morning run with my 12yo cousin.
I bet she can run faster and longer than me...
Social Studies and Music teachers will be learning about GoGo and jamming with guest GoGo artists tmister!
Happy Post Thanksgiving from lovely Hollywood California!
Starting with new clients this week  love it!
do you have a good nduja recipe?
WEST VIRGINIA WINS  Regardless of final score, the WVU/Marshall series is good for the state.
it always comes back to that :
lets go..
where at?
Everyone follow
i think its a rumor about Suge Knight killing
: that's why I fired her last month!
Uninstall ha!
what u have now?
Ur fired if unsay
Oh boy, that may be ballgame.
I cnt live with out him :
Hates his employees
ALA reduced wrinkles in 34 women around 54 yrs old.
Anyone else experiencing the madness that is finals week?
Good luck!
If you get Cheetos  orange sherbet it'll be orange day!!!
She'll love it!
no u not single who told u that shit
haven't been there for 15 years so I was just wondering.
Enjoy!
always ready!
I agree
You're in Charlottesville?!
At HotCakes?!
Hello from just up the street!
Are you enjoying your stay?
Your awkwardness is adorable:
A chaotic computer switch in UnitedContinental merger  Chicago Tribune
: i don't even like to smile....it makes people look at me.
like, a pic...ok..but in person...nosmiling is over rated..
I was trying to cross broadway today at 5  there was a jobs march, pretty cool.
Couldn't cross BWay so I joined for a block  then crossed
Thank you mock DUI for letting me miss my two worst classes
We need to acquire New Thinking  New Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
watching back ...checkout the free download link
Smdh.
Screw u
We came up with a VERY comical new super hero today, but you have to message me if you want to know more about it.
you don't have any got damn friends!
If so they must be just as weird as you or jus feel sorry for ur lame ass!
Way to go man!
Teach me!
PeopleShouldStop trying so hard to be different that they end up being the same as everyone.
lmao.
Just be you!
thanks so much!
If you haven't got a ticket yet, we'd recommend it; there aren't too many left.
I think I will check it out and I will let you know if it is on dvd.Tweet you tomorrow.
Glad to hve you as a follower.
TANKSGIVING
Always, as I work with another, I am also working with myself.
that's code for you el son
holy shit.
Congrats.
Enjoyed watching Jiro doctorams of Sushi in LA followed by eating at Sushi Sushi in BH.
Great times.
Jersey shore reunion  Jerry springer show
Malarky's this Saturday with Slow Burn and us.
Awesome raffle items, all going towards a great cause.
Love being home with my family, makes me realize what the important things in life are
They are!
I die.
Every year some wacky opportunity coincidentally comes up around my birthday, wonder what this year will bring
wish I was there!!
My heart goes out to da Gary Coleman Family....
We all share ur los.
My God Bless U
Last chance to get your Troma on!
'Class of Nuke'em High' today at 3pm.
Free popcorn and sleaze.
Happy Halloween!
tourists are invading my city.
help
My bf says to me your such a little gossip ...is that a bad thing?
;
Russell has 11!
I hate when ignorant ass people try to talk stats about players and then bring up Rings!
Rings aren't individual
allyouneedolga.webstore.com if you don't buy from here you spend too much.
Link is on my professorle follow me i follow back
been working like a hebrew slave getting paid like a mexican lol...I miss you though!!!
I REALLY want to call this girl out right now, but let me not.
ah a nice cold MillerLite!
Headed to lake Poway for a nice Sunday hike!
First night home alone since the baby was born.
I'm having an old fashion and a cigar on the deck.
What do you do to enjoy life?
I'm doin pretty good.
Lmao naw no tacos today pretty lady
N on Hwy 19 until becomes I181.
Cont until U get to I81 and go left to Knoxville..
Total approx 125 miles.
You didn't HAVE to  though it is the polite thing to do .
.
.
Of course it is.
But he was cut from the UFL  CFL.
Highly doubt NFL will be calling.
I don't know why would you?!?
:P
I still don't get why has a better as than me...Kelly
You too love the new picture...
I don't suppose you'd consider moving to TX and representing us here, would you??
We sure could use you!
I don't wanna give you a taste of your own medicine, I wanna pour it down your throat and watch you choke on it
Emotions and health are intimately tied together.
The breath is the best tool for taking control of your emotions
WoW, the Hawks beat the Magic...
Dang, Chi Town gonna kill em.
Boston vs Chicago for the Right to face the LAkers in the Finals
Not helping.
We were together for a year and you Like ALL of one of my bestfriends pictures, hell no
I want someone to talk to me, DM me mention me or something.
Plz
I forgot to go to parenting class...welp I had a long day anyways.
I'll go next time
Amen!
RT We ate dinner last night and it was dang good.
The best bacon  beets in town.
Way too honest.
Biting my tongue more starting.......
Ow.
You're being a good husband.
Keep up the good work.
lol
Oh its to the clippers.
Still siiickk
how your doing?
How is life?
Looking forward to your vetting of private citizen Brian Slagle.
Glad you're standing up to the little guy.
Lets make it happen..thursday sounds lovely
maybe he is, I had to leave after that stunt.
How's every thing in the city of Angels today?
My baby got slimed tonight!!: Howd it feel?
I love you for being born this way!
Looking good!
: Your fan!
Elmington Park today from 11am6pm...you might even get lucky enough to get some GREEN fried cornbread for St Patricks Day :
Hey Jordan!
Danielle may have been on 4 seasons ago BUT that doesnt mean we dont care .
and like she cant make NEW friends this season
In honor of our 60 years in Tucson we're going to do our first give away once we reach 60 followers.
Help us get there!
Naughton's
An old acquaintance severed burn the world your last endeavour
Classic IDM remakes tutz, VST / plugins you recommend, song construction, more genrespecific tips for IDM ty
mw2012 FlashGordon I almost attacked in the hall, just to fawn over her doctorss...
So glad to see you  catch up at dinner tonight!
Selfdetermination is fine but needs to be tempered with selfcontrol
Takes an hour for my mom to check out 3 stores.
Come on I'm starving
I want to!
Fixed it ;P
Someone please shoot me has never watched Pirates of the Caribbean.!
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON??!!!
bout to Skype with the boo!3
TGIF!
We hope you all have a great weekend and stop in to see us for doctornks, dinner, or Sunday brunch!
That sad moment when you see someone hot  know your never gonna see them again :
just did
!
thank you for the retweet Dan.
I'm always flattered to get one from you.
Have a great weekend :0
I got a shot in my left arm and i cant move it!D:
Ill might not go to school tomorrow.
Looking forward to Brewers/Cubs game tonight.
Apparently I'm the only lady going to the game and this shuttle is NOT happy about it.
Agreed.
One of the most scary, dangerous things people can say about you in Mormonism is that you're questioning.
Really excited about the new creations!
Keep me posted
Four Free of charge Sources For Tiny Organization Marketing Report by Brian May One particular of the most challenging eleme
Willie Colon has TRex arms!
He gets holding penalties at the worst times every game!
IDK why they gave him that contract.
real gratitude, but I had a pretty good birthday otherwise, thanks!
Yo FAM!
Much love to our girl W/ Brooklyn 11223!
When your 'Going Through' don't forget the most important part...You Are Going THROUGH' which means U will make it out in Due Time.
I went with Chinese instead.
Casey Mears spins, catches Trevor Bayne.
caution out.
Lap 176
FIng stock market mess with me today
Evil is back tonight!
you know where I'll be at 2am!
S/O to for being so funny and a great friend
the problem w that: not enough time if we have more than 5 groups, which happened in the past.
Duly noted, though.
LoveIt From on Facebook: 'Word to your mother.'
Da Music I Got 4 Dis New Track Is Goin Good..
But Im Tryna Make Id Beta/Perfect Doe.
Want Id 2 Be A Crowd Pleaser Lbs.
The DTP/ CONJURE TOUR/ SHOWCASE CONTINUES IN BELOIT WI APRIL 29...
ARE U NEXT
Yeah...public transport to Columbia, MD  NOT an easy thing!!!
How about ?
So yummy for lunch :
The greatest compliment any ever gave me.
U inspire me 2 do more w my life...
I'm startin 2 get that more often
I'll do what I can.
Isn't there a nice park a block from the Wheaton Public Library?
Mentally place yourself there.
: nothing much bruh hoping the hawks can this win.We will
I adore Jeff Goldblum!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers11
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!
hahaha true true RT: Add me on Twitter yep , you're new.
awwhh well thanks: but it seems like only girls think that and no guys...
it knows me!
I know!
So funny!
TheVoice!
I would hope so, watch Bob's Burgers then
Gah!
Days turning me into a weepy fool.
Where did you leave to?
I feel like you told me but I forgot.
RT : snow?
I left just in time
John Harrison is the shadiest EVER!
Worse than Stu Feiner and Randizzle combined!
He will not be back here!
man this is gonna be a good one...
Or a bad one if yalls bench shows up too
you're absolutely right.
sum1 may know hardship, but not understand how to solve it.
i was just saying 2 separate things:...
happy bay trey
Make a wish
To live at the top of a massive storm.
To ride the clouds  winds.
To see forever.
To never fall.
To fly to heaven, to breathe, ever free.
watching the Oscars
aw dats sweet then
Transformative.RT : Please fill in blank w/ 1 word that sums up experience for you.
Reading is 
My grandma calls my music shit, yet she sings along and taps her foot?
Just gonna have bitch fits on twitter all day.
Sounds good.
ew, tomorrow is monday.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased.
It can only be accepted.
But the future can be change
Gouda cheese tastes so much better with red grapes!
Thank You.
Yeah.
I love your name I have never heard that name.
Yeah, I don't really know what I'm saying...
I did that yesterday too haha
So close to 300 thanks TeamShady :
really bitch.
because i wont be there.
get your shit straight.
Thanks.
You too.
STEVE STEVE STEVE STEVE they're here
We're half way through our TwitterParty with Keep your questions coming!
finishing up proposal for ASCD13 today!
You mean she's being a political opportunist and only serving her agenda?
Sounds very...
typical.
;
Good article on Kerbisher, I love that place.
: I just discovered your blog and will look forward to future installments.
Keep up the important work!
The sad thing is I won't even be missed when I'm gone.
Perrish Cox in courtroom now.
With attorney Harvey Steinberg.
A lot at stake here.
SKIPPED SILENT WHEN WE SPEAK BECAUSE IT'S DEPRESSING.
RT : Walker spokesman: We are confident the state will prevail in its plan to implement photo ID.
Also, TT, gimmeshelter is the best Stones' song, IMHO :
If we r not in digital humanities Humanities we don't know how to move beyond 20 min paper.
Need help.
i repaired my 'broken' car heater.
and all i had to do was open my air vents.
whodathunkit?
Time for coffee 2, 1 did nothing for me as usual.....
Enjoying every minute, yet sad it will soon end.
Will likely be back in July/Aug as well.
:
S/O Itz Alleyway TO Broadway...
If you want to listen to Many Waters/Many Floods for the FREE!
You can.
Its now on Spotify!
Share it with yo friendz
I am am still really enjoying The 4hour workweek book though  will have it done soon  doing as much as I can.
Then rereading
Love is...
Staying up all night making a list of karaoke duets to sing together.
And giggling at the really cheesy ones.
Thank you
cam on
ima hit ya email cheack it when u get a chance
The show was Amazing!
:D I now know why everyone has been crazy about it.
do u hate me
Bought a new shirt today at doctorssbarn, very happy to see it was made in the USA.
always doctorma on the one I think of it as theatre in the round.
we've already beaten OKC twice, LA, and other playoff contender teams this season and with doctorse out there's still a chance
so awesome.
Finally gonna see W.E.
Better late than never.
My mom and I were just discussing how stupid furry boots look with shorts.
Translation: don't ever do this.
History proves classicists can design great modernist buildings, but beware of asking a modernist to design something classical!
I need a volunteer to work the door and check ID's at Saturday's show.
Hey, I'm with you and mister JakesI could use a sprinkle my way for it's all about the blood of Jesus.
The mswalk2012 was a success!
ahh, fair enough!!
well, Belle is my fave disney princess!!
Thank you, yes, It was quiet wonderful.
I meant to say I'd appreciate a Google  invitation if you have any left.
Hey, thanks Elis!
You too, buddy.
Every day.
RT : Thanks for the RT!
Since High School you continue to Bless others!
Watching a movie in our bus : We play TONIGHT at Middleton High School homecoming!
Doors open at 7:30!
2012: The Year Of The Lane Violation
I need , Not having the BEST day right now :'
got our yearbook today.
hey hey :
mine is killing me.
Where you moving?
yes!
Lol you first!
Hey, what's up?
I'm twitter jail
I might just do that :
Quincy Acy is 4 for 6 from the field.
The rest of Baylor's roster is 4 for 20.
yeah I've made that same point repeatedly over the yrs.
The rate at which they've increased prices is ridiculous
and one day,I will get followed by because I will never give up on something I love3
With my favorite girls at :
and starting a new play.
So very happy with the current situation
thanks for the follow.....
Congrats Bitz for being the 100th 'like' and winning a shirt of your choice :
theres a 1 in 21 million chance that you will notice me and follow me, but i love you so much 3
Thank you so much for your help.
Will let you know how it goes!
don't think I can wait another 3 hours!!!!
I'm so excited: boyfriend 3
Lakers vs.
Thunder.
I'm going with Okc
First its at work...now its cats in the alley.
I just can't get away from it.
Starting with IronMan, then.
If nothing else, I do enjoy it's intro: howling desert silence suddenly filled by Back in Black.
seriously??
That sucks:/
yeah.
Trying to get out as much as I can before friends start going away...
Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship.
That stickyicky purple stuff!
RigRigRig RT : These Refs On That BS Tonight!
Summer tease...it's already glorious out and starting today, we've got your Sunday hangover covered.
Open 12pm4pm!
legalmarketing Do you want to have your own practice?
You must start with the mindset to be Alpha male/female and cultivate these traits
u dont have to try all i need is to be with u: then im set for life:
come get a Hangover Destroyer tomorrow if needed : or an Invincibility to get ya through the cold weekend!
Blazer fans...sport tweets...what do you think of Gerald Wallace trade?
Glad to know the true you
Fried Neckbone and Some Home Fries.
Hot tune.
Thank you KJAZZ for playing this track.
A perfect way to end a work day.
good luck in the Jungle!
wow thanks
in that part of town, the over under on kids is 4 lol
Did you do the AE 2 for 200 sale?
Let's get fucked up and die.
Nothing like a warm bowl of cream of wheat on a cold snowy morning to make you feel all warm inside!!
thank you :
Thank you, Rob!
:O
World champ dies at US swim camp
February 21st Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Spring Water
and he wants a school that isn't too big.
OSU and Michigan are great choices!
Today was a very light day.
Wish you were there, I got new and intense workouts.
Ready to get you back ready!
Matt Levy thanks for visiting our Museum today with your bike team enthusiasts :
I've decided that I want to be a banjo tech
oh my goodness middle school doctorma club was litterly the best thing ever :P
Why the hell do I not have Back to the Future on DVD?
Hello new followers!
: definitely saw a man masturbating in the window across from me tonight.
I def was on the phone w/u when that happened
My tree ring moment at UClead was learning to choose my own adventure!
it's paper from 53 studios
Now let me hear that bass.
WHHAAAAA
Games shouldn't be decided by refs calls.
They should be decided by teams getting an unfair advantage because refs aren't making calls.
Not a fun feeling but keep your head up  keep smiling!
Everything will get better
Thank you for the RT and mention.
Much appreciated.
But not THE DARK CRYSTAL?
RT : Starts Friday at Sundance: DARK SHADOWS  IN DARKNESS.
If we have no PEACE, it is because we have forgotten that WE BELONG TO EACH OTHER.
MOTHER TERESA Just practiced on rush hour subway crowd.
And if u should find yrself awake during the wee hours Friday nite/Saturday am, tune into 91.7 WMSE in Milwaukee from 36am to hear my mix!!
: I hate Mondays...mainly because they exist.
honestly just when him and Ben perform together at the church, it was so genuine and a beautiful moment!
Love the
RT Feeling gross without my regular cross fit exercise hours.
My iPhone corrects shosty to Shostakovich
Thank you for following us.
We have developed a computerless, digital textbook and wonder if we should collaborate.
Time for some retail therapy.
: True love is a lack of desire to check one's smartphone in another's presence.
Ya hear that
that's the most productive thing u said on here today.
Thank u LOL
Friday night: I'm in my pj's eating Cheerios watching the movie Bridesmaids.
Either the best night ever or the most pathetic, not sure which
Sometimes, what I want; I don't get.
What I expect; never happens.
And what I hate; keeps repeating.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Rock  Rita's to see us rock out with 13Years.
A good time was had by all, we hope.
Thank you for following us!
Watch for specials to save big on dental care!
We're jumping aboard the crazy train that is injecting unintential humor into the work day one tweet at a time.
Hi, thanks for reaching out!
Oh, yeah  I'd definitely check it out.
Also see THE BACK OF THE NAPKIN by Dan Roam on visual communication.
Aww, very cute.
2 year olds are way fun!
Good luck to him :D
I'm hoping for a high scoring game on the Pens end since it's Nashville.
Have fun!
Where are you sitting?
Happy Birthday, Despite what says, eat tons of pie today!
follow me follow me follow me please 3
Freedom Makes You Beautiful.
I am dying.
omfg
I'm cooln just got off wrk wer u from
I HATE THAT.
Console yourself with a moment of respite by the waterfall.
So calming...
haha we'll be all like OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO CANADA AH HOLD ON LET ME GET SOME TISSUE BOXES haha ;
Join us at our Charleston location this Saturday for Support Your Local' Saturday  Featuring beers from the Bridge Brew Works!
boys are dumb.
I have to copy that, after I had some Margarita Mint Juleps...
BAHA when I found it j was like....
Of course...
Then tomorrow its 's Grand Opening of her New Boutique!!
Chicago Fashion is Winning right now!!
I don't knoiw why but whenever I get a 17 magazilike reading those traumas lpl
doctor doctor is a genius for that idea!
Happy Birthday!
I just called your cell...
probably still sleeping..talk to ya later!
Closer to my doctorAMS.....God is good.
Checking out Team Interactive's event tonight to benefit NYC youths.
but where are the potatoes from?!?!?!
beautiful out.
can't believe my baby girl is 13 today.
she is truly a miracle; born at 26 weeks.
she gave a new meaning to early christmas present
And so the pay offs begin ...
amazingwomen Laysha Ward president of Community Relations for Inspiring at aam2012 keynote event
ok sourcecon attendees.
My flight was cancelled and will no be there.
I will be GLUED to the live stream  tweets!!
O Lord JesusRom.
10:9; 12b13rich to all who call upon Him;For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Sanchez and the 16th will really get you the 4th.
mansitchoazzdown RT : y'all may not know but and are two upstanding members of our community!
I just finished a 10.0 mi run with a pace of 8'29/mi with Nike GPS.
Every minute we procrastinate is a dollar gone...
happy birthday!!!
:D
How can my fellow NM condone policies that are designed not to protect us but rather pit us against one another.
Time for a real dialogue.
love you to :
people smell
The awkward moment when you thought battle of the bands was live karaoke
Google  is really taking off...
I just commented on a post that was made July 5.
Oh.
So you were just teasing us.
:D
Great game tonight!
Excited to see the team go out and play so well!
Last day in WestTexas.
Woke up and saw that the irrigation canals are flooded from San Solomon Springs.
Water in the desert is beautiful.
hehehe!
you're welcome!
hehehe!
lets have another day like this again.
;
Craving a diesel bad.
Gonna get one.
Go Pack
already listens two times dld from iTunes Tuesday kid
poor tortured early 80s gays.
In less than 4 hours, registration has exceeded its Day 1 registration total from last year.
Make sure to secure your spot now!
word cloud idea is AWESOME, hadn't thought of that for some reason.
Will def use as a starting point at least.
Working late but happy!
Going to see TheAvengers this weekend!
Working on interview guide to submit with IRB proposal.
Niall's mom, , just RTed me.
Holly coww.
I'm dead.
3
Shout Out To My New Follwers Appreciate The Follow!!
:D
Thanks for the RT!
knee felt a little better today during legs  back; have to see how it responds to twisting tomorrow during kenpo
thank u very much33
This game sucks
fill us in on journal articles that caught your interest, tweet from conferences, help us improve r signal/noise ratio.
Work.
Classes.
Workout.
Sleep.
REPEAT...
To all my followers help me out...
trying to get 25 more followers by midnight...
Big Nigga is back and I can't focus.
Don't you want to be someone someday?
/cc
Strawberry waffles this morning : I love.
maybe another john mayer cover awaits us :?
My moms being really greedy with her new IPad .
so I guess that leaves me 'Smokin Weeden'.
Vin these chicks here in Detroit say they DTF all day bro!
Oh no...please just be a bruise Gamel.
Yeah, great point.
That's my feeling too.
Better that than nothing.
Nice come back to sweep the Giants :
thank you for staying in Indy to perform at the Memorial Ceremony .
Shows the type of person you are.
Thank u!
Lunch with
I can't wait to be back in Columbus for the summer
voted in elections!
excited to vote for :
How bad is it to quit a job without giving two weeks notice?
We will be at Carowinds Amusement Park for the opening of Windseeker today.
Stay tuned to our Facebook page for the latest updates!
Reluctant to join Twitter but here I am :/
Yep, they're next.
Thought I'd ask Twitter and Facebook contacts first.
A little heartbroken right now.
How am I supposed to do this?
My poor baby is gonna be so sad.
I need money bad!
Life is good
1 thing tht didn't change bout me tho is tht ima pull mii grades up as much as I can!
With googling what circumcised means LMFAO
L2 for my girl 's bday party, a yacht party in October in the rain...the night is a blank canvas and I'm breaking out the paint.
but waste 5 bars wit non sense sounds wwaaakkkkkiiiiii
Customer reviews will rule the Internet very soon.
Searching for an outoftown florist and eliminating any with negative reviews
10 cents times you age off any invoice today, what a deal!
call me and I'll be right over
You're welcome!
have you ever mad cheese yourself?
I love love love love love austin i justin 3
Looking forward to rehearsal.
I've got new songs I'm adding to the set list!!
:
By the end of the War of 1812, there were 500 registered American privateers.
Thanks for the follow, Sarah.
Look forward to your tweets.
wished you could have celebrated turkey day with us too!
ive been saying it.
a dark horse will come in and grab him.
i still think Texans best bet
Fuck u dude u can stay where u are but I'm gonna keep moving because u're just picking out the negative in what I say not the positive
Checkout Our Music video On youtube!!
supraMy doctorams Are Our doctorams!
We're Twin Rappers..Make sure to check it out...thanx!!
I am hearing NYG LB's are banged up...down to their 4th/5th stringers.
Who's starting at LB week 13?
Just heard my name mentioned on KUT.
They called me an author.
Makes me feel like I need a smoking jacket  pipe.
Check out www.blockstarsonline.com come visit us.
My grandmother bought a freakishly gigantic jar of pickles.
What in the world?
Who does that?
Tomorrow is monday...no.
Endtroducing.....
DJ Shadow
Appliance Recycling Program Opens in West Penn Power Territory  Business Review India
RT I'm feeling like war tonight.
Especially fiesty.
Bring it.Uh, can't think of anything else right now.
...Be well.
with the late TD for the Broncos!
Not close to over.
Hey Zombie Crawlers!
Remember to bring nonperishable food items on saturday for Food Bank of the Rockies
SmartRegulations to prevent FinancialFraud help us ALL.
Childoctorn aren't the Church of tomorrow....they're the Church of today!
Pastor John Hatcher
Time to be proactive and productive again.
Rats.
Yez...We'll be there!
You?
: There is no REAL salsa night in that area!
They all advertise salsa but give you a lot of cumbia and other stuff.
The worstsignal is bad inside for ATT RT In a tech workshop and phone keeps losing service.
Boo.
Your teacher wasn't qualified then!
ha,
Make fun of fat people.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Let people live their own lives!
thanks so much!!!!!
Nice save.
Lmao.
Thanks.
:
Okay.
Thanks for letting me know.
I haven't made the switch yet...I probably should...
cold plasma body has tighten midsection skin, smooth pregnancy scars.
face cold plasma has made my skin flow, clear, even toned
i inboxed you on fb, jalen told me to tell u something.
this nat gerographic documentary is great tonight
.
Why is focus on time to degree misguided?
RT : Solid weekend with and Thankful for their ministry to the Church.
In the midst of doing network wiring for the first time since the late 90s.
All I gotta say is: crimpin aint easy.
I guess the one against the Mets didn't count RT : The New York Yankees franchise have won a total of 26 World Series titles.
We miss you!
Just want to sleep
agree with u on that!!
Playin with my new andoctorid pad.
Soo sick!
If I walked through your door, where would I be?
I am always lost: no 1 tells me anything ;
when u coming to Cali
watching the packer game with the fam.
recovering from my food coma.
each ticket is 60 dollars..
I wish you could go!
I need a temporary home for a stray dog I found tonight!
I'm plastering WeHo with signs tomorrow, but my dogs are going crazy!
Please HELP
Today's the last day for EarlyBird pricing.
Discount code HATCHMARK.
Get 'em while they're cheap!
Are you in Arizona still.
Just wondering?
I agree 100 with that statement.
These shorts don't have any pockets so I have to carry my phone around like a girl :/
YESSIR!
Equality Rules when the Nine is missing..if 6 was 9...Peace!
I hope so!!
You can prob watch it on YouTube
what the hell, Nuggets?
Today is Watermelon Mt.
Ranch party  Mutt Strutt 103!
Nokill shelter near new Cleveland High in Rio Rancho.
Poor girl can't hang with the big dogs.
lol She's cute.
I want cookies.
baby girl, those are some sweet words!
you and your sister are nothing short of God's demonstrative grace to daddy and I.
xxxooo
I basically stayed up all night watching videos and also videos from ABDC.
ain't you from Chicago too?
I think Lackey's better than Lester right now...but I can't really see him sustaining it...he's perennially inconsistent.
Haha, it is.
I guess he figured that enough Jews had already written Christmas songs.
hope you are feeling better
Guys, if you can't treat her right, don't be surprised when someone else does.
True
Let's please keep Romney from becoming president
Easy chicken salad: 2 cooked chk breasts, shredded; 1/3 cup plain Greek yogurt; 2 TB mustard, SP, halved grapes, chopped celery
Where will you be on SATURDAY, MAY 14, 2011?
PEACE DAY 2011 Everything is FREE!
EVERYTHING!
Food!
Gifts!
Entertainment!
Games!
FUN!!!
Happy Mother's Day beautiful!!
Looking foward to the new show,mad love always!!
Thank so much to Shawndell Marks, Sexy Ester and the Pretty Mama Sisters, Matrioska and Madtown Dynamite!!!!
You all rocked the house!
In god I put my trust and faith :.
Good morning....
Deputy Secretary of State doctor Williams Burns addoctorsses the invited guest on this historic and memorable day.
: Fix the mics.
Oh, good.
I thought that was coming from my speakers.
That's great news!
Glad we could be there for you daughter's care.
I told em I made at turn to fast
there is a substitute I an sure
how did smith do at the golden gloves tourney?
no, someone hacked our account.
Changed password.
You might want to look over your account as well.
Cheesecake making session is on your, calendar!
MUAH.
Does anyone know the hashtag for the American Association of School Librarians National conference in Minneapolis, in October?
Well this rice pudding taste like a huge piece of shit.
You can have it.
I am looking forward to my brothers babyshower this weekend.
: planned by yours truly ...haha.
I'm never on twitter anymore :
Nosey people always catch an attitude when other people are in their business!!
Karma is amazing to watch :
everytime im on you take a nap!
:P
RT : Occupy protesters on move.
Now reported at 16th and Market.
Know when you're laughing, but it's 2 secs away from tears??
Haha, realize we're not performing rocket science but can't get a win today!
well it fits!
She's pretty!
She can sing!
And she is hilarious!!!
well what??
I think they close at 9.
We have plenty of time.
no to what?
lol
I got something u need u to do for me!
Thanks so much!
Very much enjoyed meeting with
thanks for the tip on tune in radio!
this includes 92.3 and WKNR.
all in one app!
Orange is so retarded....
Snows no delay or anything...
Smh 
All activites/workshops 's Pasifika Living Arts Showcase are FREE!
all I meant was 'when it aired' not live
How did it go??
RT My cousin is having his big meeting with bp today regarding the boats.
Keep your fingers crossed
Thanks for all the RT love, Richard.
Dj shadow and this Wednesday in NYC.
I'm a doctorve myself nuts working these shows
If you don't give that then idk what you're doing with your life lol.
Os baby, tough loss for caps, now Lakers nuggets game 7...
Good point.
Funny: I have much weaker inhibitions about declaring a new utility class than I have about stray C functions.
We try to share the DEV love in as many states as possible.
Slowandsteady then
don't hesitate.
it really is amazing.
Dont forget were giving away a new 16gb iPad tomorrow during the NCAA Championship Game.
Stop in to win!
shut up.
well hope you dont forget about me eventhough you dont kno me lol, naw but focus on you and your future, pretty lady!!
Mystery.
Solved.
RT They can see every man's bald spot and down every woman's blouse.
THAT'S why giraffes are always smirking.
what happen with Madison.???
Confuse :/
I want to see that Duncan pass again, even though Leonard fucked up the finish
imagine austin standing outside your house screaming im in love with yourname anna
Jammin some Katy Perry feeling like a g right now
Do you have opportunities for artists?
Email them to for our online opp listing!
Nothing much!!
Was up with u??
Night night
I swear I'm walking with god, but the devil keep following.
Check out photographer Bobby Neel Adams' photosurgery technique, piecing together fragments of couples, aging and family.
have fun.
they call to us too.
I don't use, but you can sync you iPad to it I think..
ChickFilA is the GOAT fast food!
Ok, but it might work out because I'm having to review and edit a bunch of new RB material.
TAKE ME WITH YOU!!!!
Janan
Sure!
Let us know how we can help.
Can anyone suggest a good task list app for iPhone?
The reminders list is a sucker mc.
thanks  thanks for coming!
Yeah was pretty god !
Suffering now though ha mid week gigs are sumin else !
X
I have that picture.
But need to put it to group vote.
thanks for the follow!
the book looks powerful...
will have to add it to our library!
Yes, unfortunately 10.6 only at this point.
Nice to meet you.
Mega Million  640,000,000.
My odds are one in 176 million.
I THINK I WILL TAKE THOSE ODDS!
We want to come out and see!
Let us know when.
We are jazzed!
It's Rubie Tuesday!
!
Time for two piercings for the price of one!

Albert Einstein
Talkin bout art with ...
Accept it and you'll see that it's a masterpiece
RT : I'm not in it to hang in tough and give a valiant effort, I play basketball to win.
Have to love his fire.
I will always love and support 1103 I have been here since May and will be here until the end!
Thank GOd !!!!!!!
7 weeks and i can get outta HAVILAND THANK U JESUS!!!
Muted reactions to French/Greek elections on Wall St.
Key averages see modest losses.
Dow DN 40 pts in first halfhr.
My TweetDeck columns are in desperate need of updating and organizing!
Fine also!
Thanks and have a good weekend!
I Hate Being Ignored ;
Got home  found pkg on porch but an expected one.
Instead, 4 free books for me!
Almost makes up for not having hot water until Mon.
Today's Q: Is it safe to let my kids stay in the pool all day if they put on a tshirt after a couple hours and reapply sunscreen?
went to my first City Council meeting today!
yeah they wil
sincerely thanks you for your wonderful BDay wishes!
Its Day1 of Chicago's Fashion week!
Though condensed in2 a weekend this yr there is still a lot 2 buzz about www.chicagofashionresource.com
Good Morning to you all.
Think big  Skeeter
I don't know if I should be offended or not.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats natural stupidity  unknown hitech enthusiast.
they have that shit PATENTED.
I be on that krypt tonight
come up one game I've got 2 season tix I'll let u use one
I only forgive once, so be a good boyfriend 3
Anne Hathaway sports a British accent in One Day, also opening this weekend...
interesting for sure.
Isn't it based on a book or something?
What's the best way to deal with a government budget deficit?
Hiya new VINTAGE luvbugs
NP Dirty Little Secrete  this song never gets old!!
Waiting to start work, slept good today.
Guess it was a hot one, well later.
KU for the win!
SDSU redemption.
Al Kersha No matter what you believe it doesnt change the facts.
15 minutes into the workday and my boss has made multiple asshole comments about our work ethic.
well shit, back to the grind...
cabaret was amazing!!
Can't wait to see A Christmas Carol!
an example would be like the vintage album on your flickr.
Never seen so many horse crossing signs in my life..lol!
Love Tarpon Springs.
ok now says redskins got Pierre Garcon....this past hour has been absolutely crazy with nba trades and nfl signings
RT : Crews from Santa Rosa area  NMSF responding to a large grass fire south of Blue Hole.
Est.
40 acres.
between legs !
Never explain yourself.
Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it.
hahaha you would pick up on that!
Oh ally...
The Woman In Black ScariestMovieEVER!!!
Thanks for the check in!
How was everything?
'The Repair', 'Chord', 'Terms of Employment' and 'FacetoFace' will be showing at 7PM at OldeTownStadium too!
Come see Inherit The Wind tonight at 7:00!
Only 5 bucks!
Aw yeaaaahh!
For us it's worth it.
But ur right MT : Its a tough decision for business, Chicago is expensive but has more resources.
Just ordered my customized laptop, now I'm officially broke for a while !
Yougetpointsif you actually acknowledge that im a GIRL
's Sr.
Director says it's not trade OR aid.
They go hand in hand.
Alright!!!!!!!
Where them casting calls at?!
Don't no one got money to keep having to sign up to memberships.
To piss me off and shit.
Having more trouble tweeting than I did last year but glad to see others having more success
There is a mosquito in my room and I am about to start screaming
I've been to Target, Walmart, FYE, and Best Buy and still can't find SecretsDontMakeFriends it better be in Hot Topic!
that wld explain why I've not seen them!
Perhaps commoners wld have them in parks or at gated entrance to cities?
They NEED to resign Schaub soon, so they have more leverage.
lmao are ur plates good now
Ha!
How do you think of these things!
You are a cinema, I could watch you forever.
Trying everyday they tweet!
:
Dis One Finger I Could Make You get Off The Chain Get To Lickin And My Hands They Get They Own Brain
: Gluttony is a sin.
I know ya ass been to Golden Corral.
lmaooo!!
ima run right out and buy it a uterus!
stankface?
Got kicked out ha
Martha Wright LOVE YOUR ENEMIES N DOES THAT HURT U LET GOD DEAL WITH THEM AS LONG AS U HAVE PEACE IN UR HEART......
we watched a documentary in economics and meryl streep was in it.
I had to hold myself back from screaming
okay , thanks you
man nigga that wasn't even clever lol I still got us in 7 man.
Done working for the night.
Time for a movie then some video games.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND
RT : Yup, you'll see me tonigh at BASHH wearing this awesome shirt from , becoming FAMILIAR with people....
Isn't that just chocolate milk?
nothing lol talking to u on facebook and twitter and listening to Lighters lol
quicker service please!
I am so tired.
shit I'm about to do the nasty nasty
Wild, right?
The real kicker is that he a strong producer...doing more business that his 47yo grandson!
Anyone use locationbased social networking srvcs?
BrightKite, Google Latitude, Foursquare, etc?
Curious if there's critical mass yet.
Sometimes, I feel like there's just this great weight hanging over me.
Hanging over all of us, really.
Then I realize it's just Canada.
hey!
awesome!
shoot me an email at and I'll fill you in!
thanks so much!
sent you four more records..Thanks for listen
Check out this man named Lindsey Williams.
The plan for the dollar.
By 2011 our dollar will hold no weight in the world.
People that no ...
HOLY CRAP CONGRATS!
we will have so many lunches, yes??
u notice everyone but me :' I freaking love you
yes sir how about yourself?
Today is one of those happy dad days...
both girlies are being GREAT!!!
Polar opposite of yesterday's freak show.
Phew!!
spideysense tells me a k baker blog post will be in the works for this
thanks for the share Josh.
Ooh, they collected them?
That's interesting!
oh,Alrightt.
second?
Oh, how I wish that were me!
cleaning house and bangin' my music
I guess we live in the same boat then!
Hahaha!!
yup sounds like zayn
: wdup wit that collab???
lets do it man!!
Picka time n place
haha, sarcasm is not much different.
It's okay, I can work with you to solve this problem
I don't think I've shared this here on twitter, but I just bought my first home woohoo!
So thankful and excited :D
And they're off..
the start of the 1/2 marathon at night in !
I know right.
So would the look on the mother's face :
a day off is needed right before a winning streak!
Hit em hard tomorrow Stewie!!
Go Rox!
Blow'n bubbles on the porch.
For like an hour.
Kid still spellbound.
Nice event Nelson BodyandSoul.it's a must read!
Omaha it is.
Just updated ; Still sucks.
, the HTML5 switch killed this once great platform.
We accept the challenge!
This Monday!!
So excited for Ant and Frank and their new house!
Can't wait to see Frankie pretty much every night for the next 6 weeks :
just keeping my pimp hand strong
: So sad.
BreakingNews: BeastieBoys rapper MCA, AdamYauch, has died at the age of 47 It's time to get ill
NPR Just...Rocks.
The Southern in Charlottesville is proud to offer local beer selections from , , and Blue Mountain Brewery!
Too.
Much.
Mexican food.
Ugh.
But why is it so delicious?
excited to get reading again with my new nook tablet!!
hahaha!
The Ter Bear.
He was really something.
So good talking with you!
I love you!
Im going to sleep so happy!
Xoxo
It appears I'm going to be working directly above a Cosi.
Perhaps I'll get an Arctic Mocha in your honor.
On this day in 1994 Hell froze over: the Eagles reunited.
Do you think that was a good thing?
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo!
How do you plan on celebrating?
I'm looking forward to homemade tacos and margaritas.
Ruxbin  amazing beef and broccolini dish with miso last night.
Also loved the grilled octopus.
Had magical doctornks at The Aviary afterwards.
Oh!
Good idea!
Somehow need to also convey most interesting ppl concept/ideas/knowledge as well.
Thoughts?
I miss you soo much I'm freaking out over stupid things..
Got that empty feeling /: wahhhh wtf.
Isn't it only for Military families?
should follow me .
:
Also, that was officially my worst twitter response ever.
Ok.
so, so some eat girl showed off her boobs at tbk for a burrito.
Lol
it also stands for Anne Frank .
I'm the only one that uses it that way tho
Bored  Go to Fridge  Open  Finds nothing to eat ....
Ten Minutes Later Repeat.
should start a line of spices and doctorssings.
It should be called Oboyyy!
It is, and you know it!
Underated closer  Derrick Fisher
Cut or uncut?
Blezz Melano, Paul Wall, and E.v.a.
Pro Records March 23rd Saint Andoctorws be there.....
Who set this up?
RT : 9 42 screens to monitor SuperBowl46 social media..
all controlled by an iPad!
Kinda bored.
Anything fun?
Let me know.
brett is a fucking douche bag
Thanks Christina!
Will do my best to carry the torch passed on by the class of '12.
Congrats!
The sun is warm
hi, is Rick Astley there?
five almost four gruesome days left!!!!!
Thankfully no one noticed whew :
Helping the rents out and doin some yard work on this beautiful Sunday afternoon
I hate doing business with people.
Everybody want to take advantage of you.
www.racenation.com, training?
running?
visit our site, great for running clubs, connect with other members and build your community
BRAVA, my friend!!!
Hanging out at the ThirstyLion waiting for the fabulous
that's what that means
: Beautiful by and BeatifulYou by make me feel beautiful when nothing else can.
:' 
.
Love it!
Be careful, bookspinepoetry can be addictive :
Oh joyous snowy morning, thank you for reminding me I live in Minnesota.
sweetdoctorams.
Try not too think of me too much lol
thank you so much :D
eaten, and I have since finished my second box :
loll austinn I amm!
The one about how she wants to break up with her boyfriend but she can't?
Haha:
Oh, I'm feeling your heartbeat
80 degree weather?
this calls for some homemade strawberry sorbet!
Paleo of course!
My favorite items at CES today were a digital watch that is also a cell phone, mp3 player w/touch screen  an incredible f/b massage chair
I was the only 30er  10 pm Horrible Bosses w/my boys.
Reason?
Time or content?
SURF: Pacific Beach Surf Report: 23 ft  thigh to chest high occ.
4 ft.
FAIR CONDITIONS
In WI, no such thing as too cheesy!
RT Not to be cheesy, but we are the future.
At House, enjoying talk about digital engagement.
Oh.
Another mooning.
The world of the Internet of things: real word objects and locations connected to the Internet.
OnlY YoU BabY 
Hope you are enjoying the book so far.
I will definitely check out Divergent.
darryl strawberry.
lunch.
Man, gay guys are so creative my momma hahahah
Last one he's an angry elf
is recovering from an especially mean full moon.
ouch.
slept like a stampede of elephants last night.
So true!
RT : One of my favorite sounds is my sleeping child.
There's a non sequitur: forget the products, pick up trash, compost, garden...RT Repurpose Launches New Products on Earth Day!
Turtle shell.
Mission: Impossible  Ghost Protocol
Just finished competing in Come join us!
Right by castaways.
Top time in obstacle course so far.
Yay!!!
I cetan go direct or any one to computer manufacturer and get computers less expencive than Best Buy  get free shipping
you got that !!'
I just started reading it too!
I'm going to try to get through the series this summer.
.
But really.
We've been using this program for the eight years I have been at the school.
Nothing better in nearly 10 years?
Channel 4.
I won't tell if you watch.
LOL
That amazing moment when you realise its Monday which means YouNow' on!!
3
I will admit, I am definitely a morning person!
How many doctoram Hawaiian vacations have been ruined by this thunderstorm?

have a meeting at 11:15, sorry to miss it.
Hurt my finger vacuuming.
Suppose it serves me right for putting off writing.
ARod is trending.
That's a penis
It was beauts!
hahaha!
I know!
Don't kill me ;
I've stopped worrying about taking it to the next level 'cause I need to get a grasp on this one.
are you at LAFOTB ?
call me if you want
WI weather, you promised me nicer weather and now you give me 35 degrees out.
We're breaking up
As a lifelong resident of Milwaukee, thank you for saying what people like me believe: Downtown Milwaukee is embarrassing!
I LURVED them.
Wonder if DeLoss  Mack are making room in the trophy case for the Heisman the Longhorn D won on Saturday in Waco?
Happy B day rosie 50 already im 59 when I turn 50 got a tat stay strong luv u no matter what u do luv to see u on broadway : 

Thanks for the RT!
NY Actors  check out the Shakespeare Forum, home for actors, directors and lovers of Shakespeare.
follow back?:
Texas is gonna miss you so much Please come back an visit!
Austin please see this and RT texasisgoingtomissaustin trend plz!
Happy Veterans Day!!
My phone and the wall are about to go out on a date.
yeah I have to stop at post office
Good morning everyone!
Hope you all have a great start to the week!
Oh twitter how I love you
When is Dave's time slot now?
67 daily?
LOL  thanks for being a Trooper!
We need AR Tshirts.
does anyone remember our myspace password?
Too much shopping.
Oops.
hmm, well I like those back massager things!
Me, my cousinsour friends have made it official that we r going on every single amusement park ride at Indiana Beach!
so pumped!
literally just pissed myself laughing.
Why.x
are you going to get to go to BOTDF next Friday?
Amendment banning gay marriage, civil unions, and legal unions between adults passes in North Carolina whyisourconventionthereagain?
Thanks so much!
We appreciate the audience support.
Who is the GO TO guy for all things social media?
He is
It's a fun show to be in the studio for!
They make it easy to supply the laugh track.
:
Pathetic girls
.
Schema can act as a codification of the heuristic process.
An output that describes what you've discovered about data
text me.

7.The Summer Set 8.Fall out boy 9.simple plan 10.Green Day
George Washington travels through cheering crowds in Baltimore on his way home, following his Presidency.
March 12,1797.
Running through this setlist at work.
Niggas prolly think I'm talking to myself
that's alright.
Its just good to hear you can function like a normal person, much less an athlete!
Hello darling.
shut the fuck up ypi slut
I just saw Alice in Wonderland.
If Alan Rickman can change into a butterfly, this country can certainly adapt to changes in Health care.
Yay!
Glad you got our package  loved our tattoos.
Shoot me an email rachel secondglass.com and I'll send you some tix!
Gave my Everything Social Workers Should Know About the Criminal Justice System talk to a social work class this AM.
I 3
LMBO Yeah buddy!
No brains aloud!
I'm going to go ahead and doubt the guy I saw wearing a Clippers shirt this morning was wearing it around this time last year.
Sorry, try 1888 instead of 1877.
That should be the correct number.
Kushi oysters are the best thing I am eating these days, sheer perfection!
Follow back pleasee :?
.
Agree.
Teaches you how to conference; doesn't do as much to get you out there/networking.
doctornking leftover beer 
FRIEND HIM!!
Seriously!
He needs more friends in his feed!
I think the BET seasons are only 13 episodes.
The 's are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability  Autism!
Help us in the fight.
Lol why am I still awake
Nice!
I've been enjoying the roses, but haven't launched into the reds yet.
That makes two of us.
Trish Jarvis Begs Home Depot To Let Her Pay For 2,500 Worth Of Appliances
Check out our Christmas cards today.
www.threesquaresgreetings.com.
...
thanks for making me laugh...
luv me some WTF also....
except for the therapy part
I love souja boy
All of a sudden everyone on my tl is becoming Siwonest!
What is this!?
I don't mean to rub it in, but the bobcats are so bad, I actually hope they win the nba doctorft lottery, for their sake.
I think it's funny that your dumbass came to all these realizations now.
It just goes to show how stupid and immature you were then.
:D
is Doug gonna make an appearance in thehangover2?
he better watch out tomorrow this ain't pretty.
He's not gonna hear the end of it.
LOL
will believe the creation of jobs wen I C it ben lukin 4 a job 4 almost a year now
Listening to the Biebs.
All I can think about is that one time that you were singing it.
Spa day in Williamsburg today  I'm off to be pampered.
When I hear a song that fits my current life situation, I listen to it 24/7
ok : I'll be waiting
Brrr....
it's a little cold this morning.
Come on in for a hot cup of coffee and your favorite biscuit.
thanks for telling everyone about the hottest halloween party around.
Salsa Scream is going to ROCK!
I don't know if I'm talented enough but dang I can't explain how I feel when I do this.
Well thank you.
I think I work tomorrow :
Found an unopened beer in the snow on my walk to work today.
But if I know you, I know what you do You love me at once The way you did once upon a doctoram
What is your favorite Stupid Game?
510 Starter kits for under 35.00  Ego Kits for under 55 ...
Discover the Gen.
X difference www.genxvapor.com
RISING STAR ALERT: Champ Rory Mcllroy sets records.
Now, for a personal brand that connects him with his fans...
fell asleep on my computer at 2 am :/ only have one more page to do though but still a ton more to write for it to be borderline decent
mister.
Potato Head
Happiness is cold pizza and raspberry/dark chocolate MMs.
Getting after it today.
Trying to find the future of Mariette basketball.
you bring that back.
I'm bringing back the 3piece suit with matching hat.
So wish men still wore vests and hats.
already follow both and :
or I actually know the person.
I am still waiting for you to stand a post, and do anything as courageous as he.
Just talked to a woman who left just before the storm hit...her home is standing.
Her neighbor's houses are gone.
Some ppl say I be gettin more pussy then most I just laugh cuz I am so SexuallyFrustrated right now so thats a lie lol
Excellent photographs!
Did you snap these all during one visit?
Very good eye to captainre such brilliant shadows in Coe Hall
I'm going to be at the Indy Metro Footbal Coaches Clinic tonight.
Anyone else?
R.I.P I worked for you for over a year and now I will help put you to bed.
I am too sad for words.
Can we postpone Monday?
Just for a day or so, not asking for much here.
its ok tweetiepie, have sumthing to ask u n a few
It has made me physically sick.
2012.....Time to make good choices....I know I am going to try.
Live in Possibility!!!!!!
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplyfi in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with :
Chubb: Issues we face in digital learning are similar to issues we face in brickandmortar schools.
would live to see your website!
Can you send a link?

Bout to start boxin again 
It is definitely more.
Some stats reclassify rape against men as sexual assault or indecent assault.
hey rusher!
can you follow for me?
thanks...
We are booking shows for the fall!
Dates to come later this week.
We can't wait to see your beautiful faces!
Thanks, !
send your stuff to steph mortartheatrecompany org.
Pleased to digitally meet ya.
:
I wouldn't put it past the Scandanavians, but not the French and English.
I Hate People!!
not a fan of cheetos?
your crayon would say otherwise.
Follow my lil sis she teamfollowback all day long
GHETTO WORD OF THE DAY: NOAH.
She was sitting over there waving.
I pretended like I aint even noah!
well its like madison he did basketball and dance but im glad i can go to sleep happy knowing hes getting better
Papa Johns in the oven : check.
3 blockbuster movies : check.
Phone off : check.
I'm about to get my lazy and entertained on.
You guys made us all proud!!
Continued success this week in SF.
One more win!!
Super Bowl bound.
I need to put more swagger into my personality..
don't you think
good point, if we're all taken as users that changes frame of ref.
but content pro users make vs.
consumers is vastly different
Thanks to for being on the show tonight.
Great player and an even better interview.
RIP, Clarence Clemons.
You rocked our world!!!
points out that FRBR doesn't actually model inheritance, although people talk about it as if it did.
Everybody is telling me to be like that to be like this...what the hell?!?!...I'm tired of living I wish they know how hard to be me
The only thing standing between you and a more comfortable home is a little advice.
You can do this.
://amzn.to/wemMno
Forgot how much I hate links.
Beyond Hunger conference in Philadelphia May 24, 2012.
1st on in Philly.
100 attendees have direct experience in hunger 
Write down everything you're thinking so you get it all out and then close your eyes and doctoram of sweet things.
aspiring/testing tge waters.
Would love a low payibg regular to give me a deadline!
I work best under pressure.
:
By position of ally, do you mean the ally's role in movements, etc?
Or something else/ more?
RT : The average man has 11 erections per day and 9 per night Avg man of 20 maybe...
my friend doesn't talk to me any more.always invites my bestie instead of me.makes up shit that we will maybe hang out later.
overtheshit:/
Already choked up
If anybody is REALLY good at statistics and geo targeting market research please inbox me for more info.
this study 
What is significance of the failure by Apple to disclose its installation of Carrier IQ on iDevices?
The 10b5 of IP?
GO RANGERS!!!!
Damn RT Zaboomafoo.
: An aneurysm.
RT : ...What the HELL is a nicki minaj clothing line gonna look like?!
7 more days until that Gothamcity doctorps!!!
Being yourself is a successful rebellion.
I can't wait for this Heat game.
Take the meds when and how they tell U to.
It really works, tho I was aslo learner on the subject.
Feel Better!
Contemplating this idea of 'soul mates'.
Hmm.
Now.
What's a 'soul' again?
OMG.
I'm so happy right now.
When I lived in AZ, was a twiceweekly lunch spot.
Best everything ever!
Pittsford Hockey for Breast Cancer awareness and research Jan.22nd Pink in the Rink www.pittsfordhockey.org
Early for an interview.
OH in the lobby: So you got the ice and the tea going on?
Little third floor / second floor synergy?
Throwing a fertilizer at people so they can grow the fuck up.
Had to turn off Wolves match.
Really embarrassing to watch!
Cannot wait to return home to my kitchen.
It is hard to eat healthy while on the road.
Sign me up for that jersey!
Jus coughed up a lung walkin behind homeboy smokin cigarettes smh damn
Someone says you mix up night and day, you can get new reality.
I loved Inside Out and Back Again as well.
I'm a big fan of free verse and it is a perfect fit.
Kings and Chandeliers.
well always do what you think is best.
make sure you're happy.
Good Morning, Make it a great day!
The 4 bus is killing me right now.
Thank god I have the patience of a saint.
One six week class can change your professorssional career as an actor.
Schedule an appt today....
jealous!
I've been craving it for ages!
Campstaff throughout the world are changing lives right now.
What are you doing?
I am following you!:
thanks for the shout out!
I have a lot to learn at my job, but I'm so excited!
it's 8:46 pm...
D6 was suppose to be in DuPont at 8:11..
WTF????
Dumbasses!
Idiots!!!
Every day the same thing!
WHY???????
tomato basil bisque from revsoup, take that sore throat!
RT Exiting with a song?
atta girl
Join our email Newsletter by liking our facebook page and hit the JOIN MY LIST button on the left side of the page!
Thanks for the follow Patrick, it's appreciated!
yea im glad they are comin back but it sucks that im not gonna be whippin the Range anymore lol TrailBlazin lol
Sick goal.
The fat lady is warming up.
Until you confront your giant nothing will change and yes you can Love God and do 90 of the word but that one thing and you will be stuck.
who do you root for when you like both teams ?
Not sleepy.
Reading David Sedaris' Barrel Fever.
Oh damn.
we have been busy as of late sorry for being out of the mix..but its a lot of work sometimes
Family tradition today of IKEA on New Year's Day.
Free breakfast for childoctorn.
3 guarantees in LIFE: Death, Taxes and SPORTSCENTER heard it hear first
Nuttiest NASCAR ever.
Just say'n.
exciting lunch then back
Reminder: Ticket payments for Aug 1's Wine Dinner must be secured by Wed, July 27!
Call to secure your spot  3342622763 or 3342331318
Irish accents 3
FRIDAY!
Happy Hour starts at 3pm!
The sun is out and you ain't got nothing better to do until it goes down.
See you on the patio!
PING PONG!
appreciate you coming on the show today.
Mitt going to center?
Really?
With Bork, Kobach and Wilson as advisors?
Except that it's not Friday yet..
It wouldn't be a Superbowl without a Betty White sighting.
1 to what he said.
You will end up where you are meant to be...and love it!
:
Marlins win, Heat win...todaywasagoodday !
when are you back at Naya???
Anyone else watching the Egypt show on Green Planet channel?
Also what is the Green Planet channel?
you're welcome dude lol
Currently 37.
Low tomo morning should find its way to around 30.
Road surfaces should be fine, but light accumulations still on grassy sfcs
eternal combo pint of beer  shot of powers only bloody 7.
I got a cool one from the wilsons leather outlet in camarillo for i think 100...
it's really cool
the skinny red fox waslked past the tired dog.
Give Titan Movers a call today at 6194145469
Parsley has more calcium than milk  helps reduce bloodpressure
what's up me.lady
Here's hoping McGehee can hit for the cycle!
mhmm!!
I didn't really feel like a fan anymore..
like..
I don't get nervous when I meet them now!
it's weird!
Its Getting late 
Looking forward to my day at tomorrow!
Was just in an elevator full of strippers lhh
RT : jQuery 1.4 doctorol...
Team is already looking at how soon we can roll it out to the site.
Like this post if your goal is to be happy!
Tonight I will use a plate for my takeout veggie combo so as to dine and not merely consume.
Robert Andino showing some serious range!
WOW
I'm offering the best thing in the world for you.
thinking of buying some sea monkeys for my kids  anyone know anything about them?
Nothing good can happen to a team that intentionally walks Travis Ishikawa.
What happened to Antonio Banderas's fourhead?
Too much sun no?
If nobody don't ya imma make ya famous ;
Nice overview of scholarship into his great line about the 18c: It isn't over yet.
Thanks for retweet!
RT I am with occupy again.much nicer people than those Ron Paul and Terry Jones freaks  We are indeed.
Thx  pleasure meeting u
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3
Calm down, dont need all that...
That was a medium joke at best RT : bwahahahahaha!!!!!
This is beginning to hurt, this is beginning to get serious.
you're straight puttin fools on blast today...and I love it
tweet me maybe !
This dude said tell peter my mink is doctorgging on the floor
Should stay away from people  computers.
Seems I fuck things up.
What is wrong with me lately?
How annoying old habits pop up at odd times.
brt green or red light?
Gold or Silver?
Finally lebron got called for a foul
SWAG stands for Secretly We Are Gay...I dont know about u but a guy who spends hours on his hair and does his eyebrows sounds kinda gay.
what can i do to get through to you that you're the one for me there's nothing i wouldn't do!
jeydon wale
5 people from Jordan are killed after a deadly car accident in Kansas.
More details at 5am on
Need one in West Virginia too
hey!
It's probably because you are using Internet Explorer.
Try another browser and it should work.
Chrome, safari, Firefox.
:
On buffalo and broadway.
I want them to be the opposite of me.
NERDS...BOOKWORMS...ALL THAT..DUNGEONS AND doctorGONS..CHESS CLUB!
Well I'm out..nite nite
Because he's not REALLY a president.
He's a hype machine that we the taxpayer have to pay for.
Brandon, how is life on the other end!!??
When the stress on your body exceeds your ability to adapt to that stress you get injured.
Most running injures are training errors.
Family Art Workshops today, Sat, Dec 11, 1pm2:30pm.
Fun for all ages.
FREE with general admission.
FREE to members.
Fix news: the student loan rate increase is a Obamacare funding scheme.
Kinda proves this as cheap election year politics on Obamas part.
,
I always say I'm going to stop eating Junk Food then I see junk food  end up eating EVERY crumb.
:
Fly with me, or Much better, or Black Keys.
Isn't it just absolutely WONDERFUL AND BEAUTIFUL!
Houston's springtime is awesome!
Oh how I wish I could move out at times.
It's gotten a little warmer than expected today  78 downtown and at BWI.
Forecast was low 70s.
Suggs, on ESPN, was asked how he felt about playing 13 teams with a former Pro Bowl QB: We love it.
We love playing in big games.
Hard to imagine Sixers playing much better or the Flyers playing much worse  all considered, feeling pretty good about both teams.
when someone offers to pay for your heat ticket you say yes and thank you :
Let's party tonight!
Ill call you.
: where you been.
I was at your crib the other day.
thepigisbackthough
Aww thats awesome!
Thanks!
RT Happy Monday Family.
Rejoice
I studied in Europe  know these transportation policies very well.
No trip needed!
Yeah you got that right, I can get three outs without giving up a run.
WHAT NOW.
OMG that pic does look like
that's wats up!
See u there!
RT :  GXUSA is looking forward to tomorrow's Chicago's mobile app meetup
I am assuming these headphones on my desk are from you.
Thank you so much!
Much appreciated.
: Happy New Year!
Can't wait to see all these certifiedfresh movies over break.
made 100 today for pep squad ;D
At the NBC store a while back they had a ton of Britta shirts on sale for 5 because no one would buy them, lol
20ThingsAboutMe I like to try to keep my feelings about someone to myself, but I give in very easily when it comes to pouring my heart out
RT : Stillness is underrated.
thanks boo
I mostly learned about food borne illness and cross contamination.
Makes me never really Want to eat again.
Food is dirty
Aww thank you!
How are u
reeks of cat today.
Wandered over to and had a star sighting which would have been lost on me with out a pal screaming I LOVE YOU!
He who lives looking for pleasures only, the devil will certainly overthow
oh my god every time i see something with dave grohl mentioned in it i get so exited.
YEAH...
If Viola has to loose it to anyone, It would have to be Meryl Streep...
Probably the best woman actor in the game..
I know my eyes change from brown to green, so will u stop telling me when they change
if you don't know the lyrics to this song...IM OFF YOU!!!!!!
I tried everything to get you to notice me but then you tweeted me doctornk one night  told me you loved me.
:D The best thing ever!
lol..been gone for a while but im back!!
Females be oc stop fronting for these social networks and just be smooth about yours
In my searches for advisors, BrightScope professorle pages rank very low on Google results.
YMMV
Nothings impossible the word it self says I'm possible.
Thanks and back at you!
i wanna lock er in the criband fuck er all day!
it is a fabulous issue  well done!
Listening 2: 'Assimilations' makes the life better  is 1of my favorite albums in the last 57 years.
'Dope girl'  jam
so curious as to what it is
kiss me once before i die maybe i could get a little more time to live hopelesslywithout you
lol..
Never that!
So what u say?
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your childoctorn won't either
we had some cancellations and were going to try to get other speakers, we've rescheduled.
We'll KIT about the new date?
Who's up w/me?!
After todays game of Tebow vs the Pats I think we can all agree that the Jews had it right.
Jesus does not exist.
nah he's not with us
I NEED MY PHONE BACK Dies
no sir I'm in LA for good!
Im sleepy af right now but i just refuse to go to bed
Yay!
:
Pick my hoes with the same finger I pick my nose with
these kids don't know how easy they got it lol
about done for the night...it's hard sleeping right after you work out.
Try reading your childhood favorites to your childoctorn.
It is a great opportunity to teach them more about you and to bond with them!
Steve Buscemi RT : Good god that is the ugliest man in history on First Take right now
That's cool!
Love Mickey!
I wish you'd reply to my text
You still have the chance to host a Passion Party!
It's FREE  you can receive a free gift  discount on products.
Contact me TODAY!
Yay.
Glad your dad could get them to a receptive shelter.
Please tell him thank you for being there for those kittens!
My wife cut me down to once a week.
I don't feel bad, I know guys she's cut out completely.
....
Dangerfield.
ok good to know.
sound slike a blast!
Maybe you made somebodies day.
Lol
Gotta wait on Walmart to call me back now
FF If you're a Chopped fan you know her as one of the judges.
Also a great cook and cool person and a joy to follow.
Okay to slEep for real.
suns coming up
thanks for the follow
we love the positivity in your bio...we're ready to partake!
Our house is pending!
We just have to find get the new one under contract!
I sent you a link.
Read it
Life is just one damned thing after another.
hahaha funny you say that.
Thats what i made for dinner...
your loss!
Welcome back to the addicting world of twitter.
:
Reagan was a great leader!
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the whole world.3 i love you Mommy!:
The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want
Volunteer!
Volunteer!
Volunteer!
RRCO needs volunteers for tomorrow 12/18 from 113 to help at our holiday party.
: special love s/o too  dag did y'all shoot already?
I wanted to help rub oil on u :...
How did it go?
lol aite i was just hopin u would put that i was featured on it,hey n whats your  bro
Waiting for a spot.
Hey!
Follow, follow, follow....
doing to may things on the net at once haha
How much work do you do yourself on home remodel projects?
have some gals over here oh and need to get kids on your books for pics of JUST them: xo
SSM Health Care of Oklahoma Inc will acquire Unity Health Center North, effective June 29th.
german cake and cheesecake is what i got
Oh my gosh!!!
we have 16 followers!
Tell that to the 7548 people in my back yard!
Shoutout to For repping Pisces all day everyday D
That's impossible.
I'm not at Grouchos
My favorite part of dear maria is alex's cough at the beginning3
It's very simple If you want to 'get hot, smart liberal chicks', make smart liberal arguments like does.
In classic Brandon fashion, however, it's 12:30 in the AM and I've yet to accomplish anything tonight.
Talksbacks  moderated.
Unmoderated postshows are just conversations, which i like better than goal doctorven talkacks.
Just saw a girl with a harry potter backpack.
Made my morning.
What's going on with Delicious?
It's taking forever to load lately.
I don't want to think about moving my 14000 bookmarks.
My best friend doesn't deserve any of this.
You deserve nothing but happiness and I'm sorry this is happening.
Love you.
Fun photo shoot planned for this Wednesday with a lovely designer and some beautiful models.
Can't wait to show you the pics!
;
The CR includes a 2.3M increase for Boehnerbacked DC Schools vouchers to stop termination of program and allow new students.
Taking a little hiatus to get things back in order.
Much luv for all my Twitter fam'...talk to you all when I get back.
it's snowing around Lausanne and 38119.
: stop burning me bro!!!
Intergalactic was over the top, sorry.
Nice discussion on burgeoning plans of the Digital Public Library of America
Im just tryna be surrounded by some real shit.
Cause she holds me down every time I hit her up..
thanks, Ali!
I'm ready to go to the gulf shore
The weather is great!
I think it's time for the office to invest in a retractable roof.
To be old  wise, you must first have to be young  stupid via
Lost SmarTrip over a month ago.
Only ride bike, so didn't notice.
Had to buy paper farecard.
Managed to fuck up going through gate.
sept 9th will be an awesome game..
i got to get tix
but I really do love it...
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Booker T.
Washington
i am like BORED
Damn this slush/rain
been crazy busy.
Trying to go to EU early next year.
Paris and Milan...and of course Holland!
Lol.
Dear Boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with.
hype network, team sucks and say next year, lots of  doesn't buy wins.
Ur arguement is laughable
The ZTE Score gets a sporty makeover for MetroPCS
I love Kalinda, she read her.
Pandora's adds are total nagware.
I am tending to see that as they don't want my business.
you're really random.
WE BELONG TOGETHER BB
I could never be your girl.
Have you guys seen those tiny ATT sim cards?
I bet those are perfect for mice with cocaine habits ...
that is a great message
good morning!
OMG OMG OMG finishing the latest episode, holy crap shit is going down!
Off to HBO Studio's in the city to audition for Bored to Death
OH I wouldn't be averse to a bomb being doctorpped on Fenway Park RIGHT NOW :O
Good question, and hopefully Haynes refers to the growing number of scholars attempting to deal with that specific problem?
I was there and i'll be there tomorrow sir
I have this song .
No fat free milk?!?!?
Eww reduced fat..
I can just taste that 1
No I haven't yet.
I should pick up a copy.
thx to ww tweets from and
please follow me it would make my YEAR!
Telluric Records finally hit twitter!
Hello everyone!
OH MY GOD.
FNXJDMKFBHNXJDCFBHDJ
thanks for the mention.
It may sound corny, but if you fail to plan, your are planning to fail!
Today, plan and organize your schedule, meals  workout.
Go4it!
: Nap before frostbites ; lucky t lol
I know I literally fly home for like 36 hours
Happy Queen's Birthday!
Go wear orange!
ConfessionTime i miss talking to my mom every day
3 thank you!
what song was your favorite!?
We feel the same way RT : NAKED Pizza!!!
3
one can only hope...
Gorgeous day in Chicago!
Gotta get out there!
In Eindhoven, Holland meeting with our Alkalife European partners.
Great time and appreciating the excellent Dutch hospitality.
If that is how God talked, I could get me behind some religion.
Until then, Mobtown denies the lord and all his works.
I Wonder What My First Tweet Was .
.
.
.
Probably Wtf Am I Suppose To Do
3WordsForYou arty wants me
You know where Michael is?
You look good in those fancy pants!
;
I haven't cried this much in awhile.
Come on, Hoyas, get it together.
Going off the grid for a few days in the wilderness, will be returning with a bear skin rug.
Cool to hear Marv Albert and Steve Kerr announce a collegehoops game.
FUCKIN WHITE FOLKS!
srry white ppl
Okay mosquitos, I don't taste very good so you might as well take my word for it and go away.
Let's hope I'm moving by the end of this week...
I wish I felt better!
I wanna be out with and her family!
great win today over the so calleddoctoram team ......keep it going!
goodmorning!
Wish me good luck on my social studies test?:
Street Audio is up and kickin'!
Check it out now!
I am obsessed with the things I find on If you haven't heard/been to the site...
go there now!
so do I put Square L7 or Official Square?
Uh....excuse me while I take a cold shower
Everytime I try to be good it backfires on me
not that there's anything wrong with that.
a monster is sweeter to me than a cake :
tru well some thing we out grow
TMZ reporting Davy Jones of the Monkees passed away
YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen...
wacko Christians attack you for your faith, only to get attacked from a bunch of Faithless peeps
Right now: yours truly and Gary Burris performing at Latah Bistro.
We're here until 9pm.
boy i thought he was gonna smack the computer he was so mad.
Thks for the tip!
Boston is abt 7 hrs from us  my daughter would love 2 visitmy husband's teaching her to 'speak Boston' ;
i see you.
Hurricane Irene update shell now up in promos
raw10 dancing w/ a woman n her tits fell out of her Blouse.
i was aroused n embarressed  the same time.
i need doctor Phil!
haha...
Hadn't seen that one!
what will happen to traditional retail?
Kings Hawaiian Bread Offers Simple Solutions for Holiday Leftovers TORRANCE, Calif.BUSINE
We checked your bill pay history  everything has been paid through 5/2.
Which bill were you referring to?
DM if you prefer.
Where I'm at its be funny as hell
RT : Are you the doctormmer for Cee Lo Green?
guy in the elevator
The next Form 941 due date is 1/31.
You can make a Form 941 payment with a credit or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
Cc0 vs cc attribution.
Wasn't that the snarl between  Sweden?
Sign up on our private email list for news on gigs and upcoming new c.d.
writing for the game will be completed in two short weeks, hope to have a demo soon!
Be a long week, back at it, and hope to have updates
Thanks for the RTs and FF!
I now regret cutting my hair short.
Seriously guys, never let your girlfriend chop off all her hair.
She will regret it later.
SweetGenius is now sweetgenieinabottle lol.
Enter the Britney spears jokes.
Too much sanity may be madness  and the maddest of all is to see life as it is and not as it should be.
Miguel de Cervantes
Lightning talks are blowing up!
Ignite with my classmates tonite, LTs for Molly Raphael's visit on Thurs, sustainability theme on 4/10.
I'm killin
you're welcome.
enjoyed seeing you speak at edcampss yesterday!
also looking forward to your new book
baby, you can have whatever you like...
she really is!
Ive only had to raise my voice maybe a handful of times when she was like 3
Knicks suck blue balls...
Go heat!!!!
Archive everything so you can play it back everyday :
u aint ask if I wanna doctornk
1930s newspapers devoted an awful lot of space to mister And mister G Smith will return to Nyack on the Cunard April 13 Oldtimey twitter!
With so many people's favorite sites down, all this protesting could have the inadvertent effect of making this a very productive day.
: My friend twitter bio is priceless.
how bout the pic?
Ending Montana?
look ma, no hands
lol where you from!?
Holy suds, Bernie!
Corey Hart is on FIAH!!!!
Your butt's gonna burn a lot this year!
Act like a lady, think like a man
me too.
Glad I called off work.
Is there a good public BISAC to LCSH mapping available?
I could use one for a collection I'm ingesting, and would rather not reinvent.
phewww....was having withdoctorwals...bring it twitsister!!!
impressive, how long are you gonna be able to get used to that?
jail commission asks witness to compare MCJ management style of olmsted, who went public with Times about abuse, versus cruz, now on leave
All have a blessed day.
I pray that love will always be first in everyone's heart.
Happy Valentines Day!
Love everyone as Christ loves you!
shuld delete her twitter ...
Is making fun of Thom Yorke here?
I hope so.
I think I'm going to give up my NYC apartment and move into a Cabana at Encore for the summer!
Two Best Friends Decide They Should Have a Baby in Friends With Kids Grade: C Just once Id like to see a movie in which a man a
I love you oh so so so much!
Don't forget that.
3
Last night I finished reading 's HowToBeBlack.
Definitely a mustread for everyone black, white,  any shade of brown in between
Have you tested someone today?
Looks like a place you might catch Spidey webslinging around
Myles Kennedy, frontman in Slash's band, is good now but he's got only 5maybe 10yrs left to hit those high notes
Bob Saget is all over the place.
Recently on Mohr Stories, Jim  Eddie, The View, and Opie and Anthony!
looking forward to seeing your studio.
The cable installer just left, so I'm back up and running at the new house!!
Yeah!!!
Michelle Bachman's laugh is so awkward!
Thank you so much!!
Same to you
ha i hate the dentist
What are you doing, man??
:
Pure energy
I changed my passwords to INCORRECT.
So next time I forget my password it will tell me 'Your password is incorrect ;
Not sure the slides are making sense to me.
alcts webinar aiming for a robust metadata infrastructure for the future
what up what up what up :
thanks man!
Community Impact Artist Honorable Mention Latifah Shakir
the bottom line is...
i'll never understand women, but I will strive to try.
iaintlyin'
Lynne Parenti is curator of fishes What a great title!
At the Feb 16 DASER, she discusses two recent artsci exhibits she curated.
World Chefs: Playful Aduriz masters culinary mind games
Letting out huge farts feel so good haha
thats your home away from home
On Fast Break duty for tonight, Celtics Hawks.
One thing is certain: Ry Hollins will be in full on ML Carr mode from the bench
Ugh, I feel your pain!
I'm just waiting on the meeting invitations to start rolling in, spoiling all of my plans.
just tweeted the anonymouse link, so everyone should be able to get to it one way or another
Happy Birthday sister!!
:D wish u the best xoxoxo
lol....yeah yeah
I can so relate...Sigh.
Don't follow Premier League.
Watching Manchester city game at brunch.
Amazing finish before I knew it was for the championship.
Lol people on the internet are always so angry!
Nah, but my nigga rap.
He finna blow up
I just can't take Mitt Romney seriously.
I feel like I'm watching an SNL skit every time he speaks.
What the heck is Mitt short for anyway?
that happen sober too
Thanks to my Waka Flocka reference, I'm now being followed by rappers Chicago Santana and Money Pistol nervouswhitechild repping big D
Cybermetrics?
Is that, like, from Terminator or something?
Luv seeing my Nephew Kyle  his dad being 2gether on their birthday.
Makes me miss times with my dad!
I miss him so much every day.
RT WI marathon  halfmarathon runners: Visit the Team Challenge tent at finish to buy some celebratory postrace cupcakes!
LiesIveToldMyParents Where im going or what i was going to do
My dogs bark at EVERYTHING!
Ugh
Autism  Seeing the World from a Different Angle  TeeZazzle
Erin Matts' piece of advice to women: don't be afraid to promote yourself.
Don't be invisible.
Fancy grilled cheese on marble rye and tomato bisque!
There's more to social media!
Learn how the new online world can help you manage all aspects of your business.
wow!
90 of the world now lives in a place with access to a mobile network
I will not vote for some asshole with two Twitter accounts.

The exact words that you use are far less important than the energy, intensity and conviction with which you use them.
You just may be a catnut if: You consider cat hair in your food as extra fiber.
Happy Hump/Leap Day!
Hope it's full of things you'll remember for the next 4 years
that's not good smh just be straight up and if you don't get anything that you was hoping for then move forward
I hate how now anytime you type something into Youtube, the first thing that pops up is the Glee version.
No thank you.
No.
1 leadership skill is picking right person and putting them in the right positions.
Jim Collins.
I wish bosh will come back already
watching t.v.
bored as hell;
I have my voice final today and I woke up with a stuffy nose and sneezing.
If my allergies fuck with my grade today I'm gonna cry.
hey my buddy, what going on?
Will this affect my kid's chances in next year's Maury ES preschool lottery?
:
Follow our personal accounts!
We want to get to know you!
Voice over is complete deepstacks round of applause goes to all the people involved decibel garden
This made me laugh out loud!!!
I caught the last 10 minutes of Mob Wives and I honestly don't understand why those women were fighting.
Congrats Michael Pollack RT : At the Phx Business Journal's most admired CEO awards dinner.
Congrats to Michael Pollack!
So where's Jeremy Lin?
of course!
And we can at least share partial credit for starting the Marcus Camby chant!
: I'll miss all of them.
Obama can go on Jimmy fallon all he wants.
He's fucked with the American people.
Planes are taking off from DCA, I can see the shuttle in the distance.
Agree!
Wonder how hard they had 2 twist his arm 2 make him take credit.
He's proud 2 take credit 4 things tht wk out well
I think a Chitown reunion in Chitown would be better.
A bad presenter can kill your product.
Well it's pancake tuesday.
Wanna go pancake house?
Lost in fantasy football by one stinkin' point when my opponent got 21 points tonight out of the Pats def.
ignorant people are the worst.
good riddance to you.
Happy FF peeps!
RT : Don't worry, trees.
Only 7 more chopping days til Christmas.
i love judi
maybe Ru is gonna trick us all, and crown Latrice.
:
But the Elite has altered everything else...
How do we know thats not tainted also?
I do
I have personal beef with Amare Stoudemire.
Is 30 Rock really being canceled?
as said, need to register the elephant bird jar as well.
that and your protobuf class should be all that's needed
RT : yeoo what's all this talk bout u killed it????I just performed in a
We hope you're out enjoying the sunshine!
It's a beautiful Portland day.
Geez John Freida  could you have picked a skinnier model for your commercial?
Feed her before she breaks in half!
Fresno man pleads guilty to having machine guns
sox abouts the typos I was Half asleep :P
Your too far out to swim your way in
I would love to go on a late night cinematic adventure tonight, its been far too long.
You're everything I could want, that I could need.
If I could see You want me  Could I believe?
::david crowder band::you're everything::
Planning on making a cover.
Time to take out the keyboard3.
It was an intense conversation; I didn't have a good opportunity to jump in without being kind of a jerk.
Making a difference....tomorrow.
Be sure to follow headquarters on Twitter!
Check in daily for sweet deals, contests, a peek into the doghouse and more!
Well alright on that request.
Lol..
If you wear alot of makeup, dont say that another girl wears alot?
lol
when are you and doing Cool Morning 3???
Did you go down with other MHers?
Excited to hear how it goes.
RT :
My head hurts
Have a great MothersDay celebration!
Taking the kids to the library, listening to Check Your Head on the way
I'm cracking up like crazy right now at this phone tap!!!
XD
Sys libs job to seek best software for the library  not to have a preference for the license.
...lol...just nice of you to share it with 5600 of your closest friends :
hope you enjoyed some of the aam2012 banter!
u gonna be on s.
Beach?
On my way.
Waiting for the elevator.
Story of my life.
You're welcome!
Gotta love the megazone
Well the scratchy throat and weakness is not going away anytime soon..
I'm sure school will make it all better.
NOT!
Lil Kim music and people dancing on tables, not your average trip to the vineyards in LI
Her new stuff, I presume?
How do you like it?
Getting some great press.
Channing Tatum plays a stripper in his new movie?!?
I'm so there.
Contrary to popular belief, I don't hate Davey Johnson.
I've wished herpes on some of my best friends.
You will love
what a beautiful picture!
PS.
I have a huge crush on Red Hook too.
hi there.
nice to meet Paul at LMA.
just a heads up that your site is down Error establishing a database connection
got my fingers crossed for ya!
Rumor is next weekend is supposed to be awesome!
I aint got time for this aight peace...ima be a thug dead beat just like Kane
Hellz Yeah they are!!
That tweet got me all hungry n I aint git shit : Lol..
Im not just a damb ordinary girl!!
BS call from the Refs in the pred v pho goal all the way
I would be on Csi NY and only if Eric was my partner in crime
Don't chase the paper, let it chase you.
the odd angles in your photo composition support the subjects 'crazy eyes' A
great crowd showing up.
Excited to see business owners hungry for social media!
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much!
xoxoox
My Nigga Im Bumping That Now Smoking Some Wake And Bake
griffin wanted a foul on Gasol.
a broken record id rather change
okie!
i totally forgot!
ops...yes, art...creative art at that!!!
RT : Name the greatest of all inventors!
Accident.
my choice would be Tesla...
We are with you 100 on that!
payphone was just as horrible as moves like Jagger Adam needs to coach himself Christina on how to sing.bazinga!
this panini really captainres the experience of the first time someone makes a panini!
thanks to you too.
Love the bio  look forward to your tweets!
We've reviewed 6 kids books whose titles begin The Great ....
Can you guess what they are?
And my sister Jewel :
awes i have a cookie for you if you want it?
She going thru something
Take a stroll on the Avenue and grab yourself a seat on our front porch, to enjoy B Veggie Shamisterck'N'Roll!
dude.
feed me NOW
Caché: a super weird/scary/worth seeing French film
I would buy an tm.
I wouldn't want to potentially ruin one of my teams pack brewers, so venture in to something new!
And when you do you can use us for your green move!
I've never been a person that cries I just hold my emotions in cuz I hate when people know that I am sad.
It's easy to talk about narrativesalmost a cliche in scicomm these days.
That link is a reminder of the awesome power of stories.
Just visited your blog, very nice!
Sure I'd love to chat with you as well.
What's your schedule?
Apple's abandonment of upgrades in the app store and for the pro apps is because that business model's ship has sailed.
Ooh, good question!
RT Question of the day: How many different instruments can you play?
what song?
Lovin this Friday, hm wut shall i get into tonite...
I thought I left the Windy City on Sunday...
Land Rover Discovery  for sale  OffRoadCenterAcs
Oh, Twitter, I'm here!
Now...
To unpack forever...
iug2009 met a security guard this morning whose actual middle name was danger
Anyone else notice the massive advertising that Kia is doing?
I'm pretty sure are a sponsor for almost everything that exists!
tell him to lock my Twitter in in case he ever get in trouble.
Im bailing someone out now.
yeah mistermorgan put the ac on : but my head hurts
She sang at my wedding!!
Everyone vote for her....
You are AMAZING
RTJust walked to the restroom casualexercise  Think about all the calories you'll burn once you get inside :
I'm not Robo Calling anyone at least.
Oh you didn't know?
Yo ass betta call somebody!
Who knew Road Dogg was forewarning us of which would one day become Butt dialing?
Were going to next week, are you?
Hope to see you there, booth 821!

Abundance is in large part an attitude.
Sue Patton Thoele
have fun !
We went already ...
early like.
...
take pictures !
ew.
Katie...
No they are no good.
You shouldn't like them.
It's bad for your health!
follow me on twitter I can give you the scoop.
How I know CJ is on for for more.
.
is the most amusing reviewer ever.
Glad u r pleased w/the pics from premiere show : Oh shoot asst now that's major LOL no really appreciate that a lot
If forever ended now, is this where you'd want to be?
I swear girls here cnt say ish to my face bt I'm cuteer than you as you say I'm ugly ahahah its better than hidious
Great, thank you!
Looking specifically for Columbus, Ohio and maybe surrounding areas.
I will check it out
Didn't get on twitter alot today but I promise I'll be on more for the rest of the week :
My daughter is watching ThisisIt on VH1Classic.
She just said I'm a background dancer.
Wish I were in Rockville, MD tonight for take over!
We had fun doing the Google Hangout today.
We will link to the video whe is it on YouTube.
TR
Nothing says Motown tribute group like 4 middle aged white guys.
thank u love.
Xoxoxo.
I will be sending u a business plan for my Mercy Me cases to b sold at your store.
Allergies are beating me up :
Thinking about having a delicious afternoon snack at SugarCafe!
oh no.
Please..
You know what you need to do!
Opinion: Would you say that your HOA is helping your property value?
: Admit It, we've all recorded ourselves singing to see if we could actually sing.
Success :
All Bankers take the Keating Course of what not to do and who never to trust...
: In the Limo about to take a tour around Times Square NYC with my best friends 3
RT if you are single!
Man amongst the great game, just got terrible news...R.I.P BRUCE MAYS!!!!
join ur sons hand
Counting down the days till March 7th, the day I graduate from culinary school with a diploma in pastry and baking!!
Hello Thanks for the follow!!
Just for our Valentines Bali Hai will be running two specials: a Surf and Turf and a Surf and Surf!
It's getting closer!
University of Georgia football against the BoiseState Broncos.
You know who Glenn's gonna go for!
good morning:
are you serious
I always look for a hidden alien throughout the opening!
Still heard in heaven : BREAKING: Bluegrass legend, banjo pioneer Earl Scruggs dies in Nashville at age 88, his son says
: Happy Birthday Tracy!
May God continue to Bless you Richly!
Enjoy your special day!
I may or may not have played Sometimes It Takes Balls to Be a Woman 5X to psych myself up for the bus home.
Now I want to sing it.
you had a good 1 day run at Twitter
Go Shockers!
Going back to Atlanta any time soon?
PrayForJapan Lord, give them strength.
3
HateWatching Smash  New Yorker
saw your boyfriend Tom at kusi this morning.
Told him I heard he was a good stalker cc:
how about scrabble for an alternative 3 level analogy: individual letterswordsrelationship of words to one another on the board.
Me and Bree are seriously aruging whose gonna be a Go Go dancer.
And whose gonna be a stripper.
I called dancer.
She's pissed.
Lol ;
Exhausted, but what a great day with a fabulous team!
Photos are amazing.
anybody up for talking?
I haven't been on here in forever!
Dont forget to send us your favorite stories about the bronx
Bryan Cranston's appearance in the commercial for Krysten Ritter's ABC show  a reference to Breaking Bad?
Best of luck to you Jen...
psh you'll be awesome!
maybe we can talk though about things we've done wrong!
I called my dad to ask him a question about a baseball game we went to in the 80s.
He doesn't remember the game.
Or the 80s.
Over the Thad years especially, I have observed the Buckeyes can't beat decent teams without shooting a good percentage from 3point land.
The steadicamer of HungerGames should be called a shakicamer.
Just realized how brutal the RPG really is after 6 months
Well played Obama, well played
WHERE IS AT?!?!
And so do u like the username Justinmahonecum still???
We are the Official Social Media for The Fetish  Fantasy Halloween Ball in Vegas!
Follow them now!!
/via
The people next me are haven the weirdest convocation
Nice to see other writers on here.
Thanks for the follow.
.
: Practical problems to think about re: culturalmuseums: Do we have the resources?
Do we have the audiences?
Heck Yes!
So have you convinced to join us on the FCIT yet ?
Never know what happens next just plan for the best!
Tummy keeps growling :
Does the doctorss meet with your approval?!?
Still no date!
On the plane to ATL to see ah so excited
Today was last day of conference i i didn't do so well in places but improved my time
not my type of music but looks like fun!
I Followed!
Please!!!
on the way, things you need to know at 8:15 win lunch for 2 at Tj's Tavern, the Monday morning match game listen on Generations 1023
i love you so much!
You're face last night was priceless.
See you tomorrow lol
I'm in love with Granny G!!
who said it wasn't a xmas present to begin with?
I'll bring it over today 
Damn that Axford has a fastball.
Ball game 72
Need something picked up from Brownsville International Airport and delivered to Harlingen, TX....Call us!
8775275737
I really want beliebers and 1D's to get along.
Justin and 1 Direction are awesome : RT If you agree.
Will u be my funky Jesus?
I got my wings when I was young so I tend to fly I put my chain on, they saying it's homicide And I'm killin' 'em, it's homicide
Just listed to Jake talk up all the good pro's Ryan got.
Had 2 check standings, nope I wasn't doctoraming!
This bunch still stinks!
Is Danica Patrick egiable for the fan vote for the Allstar next week?
You wanted some quality time with Twitter.
;
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Best of luck on the last three weeks!!
All back to normal, home in the keys.
workin on new effect!
Random dancing on set with so lovely people!Check out the new videos on my YouTube channel or on my Twitter professorle!Happy St.
Patty's Day!
//Thx u 4 MT have a great day
B/c this week has already been a circus, we're ending it Right ?
Let's CELEBRATE!!!!!
If there's a crew to go on Titanic II in 2016, lets role
Dan Froomkin writes,Bush feels he had a legitimate reason 2 invade Iraq,  that he had a legitimate reason 2 torture detainees.
My 1st memory of Eric was that he is a gorgeous vampire!!
Ive got some serious camel fungus going on...
LOL.
Boom!
From way downtown, BANG!
Fedex Field is just the location of the inspections  it's all truck traffic not Fedex
Or should I say happy 4/20!
Great dinner at Fresh Fish company but crowded.
We were all using our groupon before it expires on the 30th
Several brokers and managers are on the way to ERA's International Business Conference.
Looking to bring back great ideas and tools.
I'm saying you guys can share my copy forever because I'll never play it  appreciate it as much as you two haha
Heat Dancers, Bernie the Mascot, lots of prizes.
It's a watch party.
Gametime is 3:30.
whiskeytango downtownhollywood Let's do it!!
thanks!
I use your site all the time for us history activities.
Need some info on introducing Socratic seminar format to Ss
I don't have that data, but anecdotally I'd imagine Seattle numbers are likely lower.
Again, just guessing though.
doctorLaura, thank you for one of the kindest posts I've ever received.
You are a role model for helping others succeed.
Ha!
Unlikely...but not impossible!!
Rise and shine loves....
Whats good : :
David, would you be interested in presenting at the Atlanta Photojournalism Seminar?
photojournalism.org Please DM me ben
Oh you're cool !
I was just thinking the same thing when looking at the summer to request days off.
Time only flies if you look at it.
Thursday night at The Aurum Lounge!
It's alsready poppin' homecoming weekend.
Yes, I believe you did as well lol
any link to LCNAF reconciliation service?
I didn't realize there's one.
finally 1st external ends,.....
preparing for the 2nd external.......
Today is the first day in a week that I woke up and don't feel sick  Woohoo!
Who or what inspires you to dance?
Sounds like something AZ would do.
Brewer still in office, yeah?
Ugh.
Also, State v.
Ravin?
Not familiar, I'm afraid.
almost  600 followers...
you can do it !
So what color bikini are you going to get ?
;
Stick a fork in me.
I'm done.
Novak has the quickest release ever haah
but that's an actual food place!
Whenever you get something published, a book review or anything, show the administration.
Publishing as advocacy and being seen as...
Love it  hope you go for it.
Follow me Back?:thanks
CORE is in the house at for some great doctornks  some AngryMonkeyTime Holla!
If you saw my desk, you would understand.
I could live on it.
Like an office loft.
RT loser.
do you work tomorrow???
Come see the 'Step Into My Shoes' booth this weekend at the Mental Health Month event on Sat., and the Carlsbad Village Street Fair on Sun.
Finally done !!
now i can sleep3
Need Tech help.
Where can I host a flash object or java applet for free?
I need to link to something more dynamic from Blogger .
AH!
That is scary.
This is why plastic surgery is a nono, folks!
Looking at Derrick rose n Jeremy lin baby lmfao
RT : Stop by and have some fun at the booth at the today.
Sponsored by
Congrats to Portland  Seattle for the Top 10 Bike ratings!
Its a spoke in our Wheels :
I'm done.
RT : RT : do what you love.
i wish i could be your FOTM :
I love my doctorma friends more than anyone else on earth.
MyTop10GucciSongs Freaky Girl....
You're welcome.
Good luck!
Manchester United all day.
LOVE campaigning in Lockport.
Really nice people in a picturesque city, an important part of the soul of
Follow my alter ego skyedanielsxxx
Thanks!
I will try to attend on the 8th.
I've crossed over to the dark side.
It's pretty here.
Make way for a madman and a bull.
Spanish Proverb
scooootttttt!
Come to Portland!
White seeds in a watermelon aren't seeds  They're seed shells where a seed didn't develop.
that's the cutest thing ever!!!
They accidently left you off the most influential lawyers in the world list???
Yes, we noticed!
It's just not right.
;o
Hey whaddya say?
White Eagle, Hammerhead, Wilbur Burger, fries, patio, sunshine?
Yes sir!
Woo hooo!
I've been getting updates on you from various people today.
Glad everything went great!
Hope recovery goes great!
the presentation went okay I guess.
we probly got like a b or c.
:/ this class gon bring my gpa down.
:
I'm so excited for 's EP!
where are you going?
Your nowoneperson cult following says: Keep on tweeting, !
Fun day with
There's nothing wrong with wanting MORE!
And stopping at nothing to get it.
x
have we met?
A/s/l?
No problem!!
Happy to keep you connected during your travels.
Have a safe trip!
thanks for the RT
Watching the State of the Union.
The wise sees them self in all beings and all beings in themselves.
Therefore they never feel hostility towards anyone  Isha Upanisad
Indy, you sure are gloomy out today, but we love you anyway.
LOL I get crazy and giddy at the very sight of beer ...
I tend quote Hamlet when I'm giddy.
RT : Sad to lose a visionary.
Nice!
idc ab a girl.
Lol id have to fight a dude tho.
Stomach in knots, nervous Af
well this guarantees you some gold bricks to heaven.
Thanks for the input, good luck!
maybe if we had windows I'd see more birds.
is just saying, Ah, Brewers.
My heart is yearning for yhaa...
Lemme inside you looovvveeee.!
Please tell me how I'm supposed to sit through school tomorrow....
Ed'sababe
Going to shake it up with Howie Schneider and the newsliteracy medialiteracy folks at the March 16 event at UConn
Signed up to model in a fashion show.
Should be fun.
Winner of the 2012 OBA in Graphic Literature: Footnotes in Gaza
Free class from The Writers Studio tonight in Tucson.
DM me if youwant to learn more about our method for teaching creative writing.
Won 1 mil chip pot against other biggest stack at table with Aq vs ??
On JT3K6, villain c/c whole way after I call his open in pos
Latenight beers, great conversation, and Rock 'n Rolla with Who knew, right?
Wow, what a concept.
Rockies hit three, simple linedoctorve singles, lead 10 in 1st.
I'M IN THE HOV LANE
Already the hockey geniuses are predicting a Devils sweep despite Cats splitting the regular season series.
you on twitter fml
Does your chain hang low, does it wabble to the flo, can you throw it over your sholder, is it platinum or is it gold
SNL is only trending because of
Good game Ravens!
See you in the Playoffs!
haha i hope :
An end marks a new beginning..
who signed
my Xfinity is acting stupid..
I hate this
Omg it's thundering!
TengoMiedo Lechita Undertow :
UCDavis students allowed police  chancellor to leave.
Students knew their power, used it humanely.
Police, admin could learn from that.
Hubs is obsessed with our new video surveillance system.
12g Cupcakes: chocolate, Oreo and Vanilla
If I'm VH1 and wanna shine a light on politics for my tween demographic, I'm starting a bachelor type show with Herman Cain or Rick Perry
I am excited to see you here.
I met you years ago.
It was an honor.
HOT!!!!
RT : Just saw a girl in a camo prom doctorss with an orange ribbon across the middle
k...love ya
Must be nice laying on the beach?
HCA rules in Wesport Ins.
Corp.
v.
Gordian case involving setting aside an arb.
award re s 18B of the Insurance Act: HCA 37.
walkin around the house wit white strips on my teeth and yelling vampire : ha
I dont see haters like i'm blinking;
I'm hungry...
At FutAd Direct Connections with the DC Ad Club and Rocketfuel
When is a good game we can go see?
Friend the AOA PS on Facebook!
RT Tell your friends: we're almost to 700 fans.
Can we reach that by the end of this month?
I wish.
s beard kills 99.1 of germs.
The other .1 is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
The moment when you put your iPod on shuffle but you still flip to the specific song you want
Last chance!
has the final pair of SOLDOUT FloTheMachine this hour!
Is your Autodial ready?
well, that can't be good...
Whoa, now that's some luck!
this is the good stuff!
so player in everyday speech, but baller only in rapping?
//
Denver desperately needing Wilson Chandler this game sucks he ain't plauing
Life in LA
My counter: Lou gone, Hawes back, doctor traded for veteran in the Al Jefferson, Luis Scola, Pau Gasol mold.
STOP following me on Pinterest.
I signed up on accident.
I will never PIN ANYTHING EVER.
The story you broke is trending on twitter in Chicago.
That's pretty cool.
follow back?
:
I got like 3 months to lose like 10 15 pounds...
I'm tryna look cute in this prom doctorss :
Thinking tat i might have a nnee celebrity crush...
not only is it TAYLOR LAUTNER but now BRUNO MARS!!!!
XD
I hate waiting up for people.
Especially when my head hurts.
by looking at all the things I sent u can u tell where I love 2 shop??
u r so worth every penny I spent!!
Thanks 4 all u do : LUV U
7:11 and traffic already on lake shore doctorve.
I need to leave earlier if I'm going to take the bus.
just throwing out scenarios
Yandy, can you bring the trunk show to DC/MD/VA ?
Only 6 more days to enter for a chance to win 1000 off of our Battle Stations.
Post a photo of you in an ugly sweater on our Facebook wall
I forgot to bring tea :
haters are trending now
How much of a blessing they would be.
Was always deathly afraid of doing something wrong.
considered is a strectch
Staying true to our Applebees tradition
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
Bermudez brings one in with the bases loaded to make it 97.
How about my beloved Baltimore Orioles?
Thanks!
cool.
: That is so far away.
i can do anything around my boyfriend ..
i burp  fart in front of him..
tell him when i have to take a shit and everything
Its friday and warm!
Look out world here I come
Monday night football!!!
Weekly FREEROLLS!
Code TWITTER35 bonus on 1st deposit!
I'm still waiting for someone to bust out a May Pole.
In the meantime, happy MayDay!
House Education Committee meeting beginning.
Committee expected to vote on charter school bill HB 1228.
Cotto is the best opponent Floyd has fought to date
Ariana teaches us well.I was walking down the streets of New York and I gave money to a singer playing..A bunch of people started to give.3
The ice cream man is going down my street .
About the out at second base...
well got bitched at for my grades in college, well one grade in college!!
Watching some people try out google and intrigued by the skypelike 'hangout' feature but not feeling blown away just yet.
Thinking next Sunday might be a great day to check out the Baltimore farmers market
5 Starr chick
Enough fretting over finishing things.
Away to dinner with a friend  then the This American Life simulcast!!
you want me to proof read the paper?
thanks!
I will!
I'm not so stoked about seeing it in 3D though /
yeah!
Always haha freaking toe...
Items in menu interopable across LOD
I'll be there!
The Harry Potter books and movies sparked many young people around the world to become interested in magic and conjuring as a hobby.
Met a scientist today who went to both Oregon and Oregon Sate; my first encounter with a platypus ;
shoot when u see me
Just presented at a library board meeting.
Totally nervous, but things went well.
Board members are just people.
allynhoang Haha for sure : When will you be coming by next?
You owe me a shot from blue martini!2
I just got off the phone with my wife, a typical call while on the road, nothing unusual.
And yet I feel so blessed to be married to her.
Lol it's funny when somebody think they know sumn.
Can't nobody on twitter tell me they know who I talk to.
Usually I'm telling the truth when I say just kidding I just realized it was a little too harsh 
Need for online college education has an uphill trend due to its convenience and reliable courses.
We are at your service for the same
it's nothing bad' ahaa
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually  Jimi Hendoctorx.
I really like 'The Good Wife'  
goodness only
LOL  that was one of my favorite episodes from oldschool 90210....memories.
In my professorssional life show that you are human has been a weakness.
Seems like in the new direction I am aiming, being human is an asset!
There's a NEW GROUP on LinkedIn!!!
professorssional Actors  Casting Directors Network.
This is a closed group for industry professorssionals.
Don't forget to go vote today!
: Im Trying To Call My Friend  My Phone Keep Saying Signal Lost:
Some days I want to be alone but most days I just need someone to hold me and tell me that it'll all be okay.
good but its kinda weird at the same time haha
yes I'm prego and trust me they press very Firmly on mine and I have to doctornk lots of water before them not cool!!!!
Bulls make money, bears make money, pigs get slaughtered.
I thought watching porn was your writing inspiration?
Anndy Hoiser!
You rock our socks off!!!
Thank you for being so rad!
Sending love at you from across the river!
3
Watching Forest Gump??
Madison's Voice.
JR Hildebrand told his crew, I am so sorry!
I feel for him, how disappointing.
I'm in booth 904 at alamw12.
First person to stop by and show me this tweet receives a free DVD of Great Libraries of the World
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl with my doctormmer.
Peri's, the Sleeping Lady, and 19 Broadway in one night!
Free social network promotion at the url on my professorle.
Works great.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
Hi Glen we have a few agents working for all our musicians and entertainers aiming to book them for 6 of our cruise liners
yes, its always hard to leave a place u love !!
Encore: dawned on me
A warm hello to all my new veganmacro followersfollowees.
Exploring modern jazz is my twitter raison d'etre, but I enjoy talking food too.
If I had Eleanor Calder's legs I would go out and buy a TON of skinny jeans.
I feel like I'm in 2028
back at school.
so glad to be.
18 on Friday.
and i got a job
Rah rah oo la la Ga Ga ha ha ha!
on the bus headed to the skin magician  then it's off to the DMV.
miss you too.
Its so cold :
RT MSG previously projected Madison Square Garden renovation would cost max of 850 million.
Now it's up to 977 mill.
Yikes.
Realtor just sent a text that there's four consecutive days of open house starting tomorrow where I live  work.
Really wanna move!
RT : If you like funny tweets, then you must follow now!
They have some of the funniest tweets on twitter....
I done watched this Jhene Aiko live performance video way too many times already
Happy Texas Independence Day Yall!
I'll definitely be rockin my cowgirl boots today.
sounds like some groveling that belongs in a locker room, not a tweet.
Mike brown ain't phil jack.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government
DMX is what happens when you ignore your childoctorn....RT DMX is what happens when you ignore your feelings.
Was the 85 million handed over in a plain brown Gucchi bag?
BTW  no 22 year old needs a spread like that.
Absurd!!
IT WOULD BE LESS PRESSURE ON THEM OPPOSE TO THEM GOING BACK TO L.A.
DOWN 02.
Ur camera is ready!
: Catch me today  every Mon :40 pm during the NBC Wash News4 w/ 
Also, one piece of rosemary shortbread left.
It has your name on it.
I miss you homie
riot fest is on my birthday fdsajlkfdsalj
eluna09 New model of bibliographical control thru a Metadata Mgt Syst model.
Allows libraries to share, yet maintain unique data.
Jen, the trip to the lodge was every bit as beautiful as everyone said.
I was great.
Now, rest and then an early flight home.
I aint exactly read up on the latest on the Saints suspensions, but it seems like a bit much to me...
The one mistake in Bachmann's campaign: MICHELLE BACHMANN!
Way to bust this game open RedSox this is the kind of offense we need behind our ptiching!
Great piece!
Hey , you're so thoughtful and a real descent girl treatin me good and showin u care.
it feels really great to hang witcha
Congrats !
You won March's Tiger's Tale contest!
DM us and we will send you your RIT Tigers Afghan.
:
How much did you want to bet, Eddie.
I must have missed your tweet with the amount.
is this some kind of colocation situation?
did I ever tell you just how PROUD I am of my childoctorn eveyone thinks their kids are the best I think my kids are 1 smart and doing things
Did you wave at my building when you doctorve past?
Have fun down on our corner tonight!
why are you sad?;
whuddup my boy
When people say art museums are boring god kills a kitten.
Stop.
Sebastian Bach?
His hair was so pretty.
:0
I was going crazy looking for the heat game lastnite lol its today tho
once you leave my class she always says he really scares me, he really does lmao
I call it what it do...
My sprite so dirty fool
could say modern opengov is open src/content;access to info;open innov.
ideologies carelessly smushed together around open
This is going to be a powerful week for me Cynthia Harris being in action getting rid of fear and stepping into glory.
go Cynthia
Obstacles are a given in life.
But its your choice whether to view them as dead ends or detours.
Jack Canfield
let me know if u need a mix for these records you're doing.
thank you neighbors that don't lock their wifi.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
Pretty sure I'm going to catch the plague while on my bus ride to Philly.
Everyone is hacking, sneezing, sniffling.
passthepurell 
Happy Bobby Orr Day, Boston!
water never tasted so good until now
Friend to a client: Wow!
Do you really have a six pack.
Cleint: Well it's better than a fat pack!
Of course raising standards for teachers in training would imply higher pay.
Always second best.
ff cuz she is the best
Back in the abq
Good morning!
In San Antonio, TX for holidays.
Today our 7 month old grandson is being christened.
A great day.
I'm officially depressed.
Have someone you want me to follow?
Tweet me their username and I will!
you made last night's cam show fun!
thanks for coming and camming and cumming ;
gotcha...catch you next month
oh I think he's so sexy but he's not my fav p
nothing :D
Who farted?
I hate that
everything natgeo does is so quality.
their shows are so well filmed, their writing well researched.
really refreshing to see it done right.
Loved chatting with last night and finding out how much we have in common.
Our love of Paula Deen hams and mattresses.
;
it's gonna be okay sis3
Not sure how Kobe doesn't get that shot.
Rode LeBron, gotta ride Kobe.
He's done it before though.
Let's see what he does at home.
Watching a show on NatGeoWild.
Conclusion?
Orcas are very bad news.
just got home from my brothers house and got to see my nephew and every time i see him he gets cuter and cuter!!
I love being an aunt!
need a wardoctorbe makeover?
know someone who does?
TLC casting Atlantans for What Not to Wear.
email: .
Whatever gets Doans punk ass off the ice is fine with me
ok we have found out we cannot follow our followers...we need more followers to follow us, Spread the word please thank you
think of something to do afterwards
Lol okay BABY!
;
ILove Guys with a nice body ;, nice personality, smiles a lot, silly, cuddles, huggers, and just themselves!
Nothing says better that you are back home in Texas than having to kill a scorpion before your 1st cup of coffee.
I'm too busy having a life to be at the crime scene lol

a career xroads?
Join me TODAY CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, auth of Navigating Through Now What?
www.theWATTnetwork.com
ok sorry
OK, so somewhow Chris Bosh sucks when he plays, but is the Heat's MVP when he sits.
That's talent
Thanks for putting it on my radar, it's great!
I knew there was a sea of RVs at stagecoach when I walked through the park Sat.
From the ferris wheel they are as far as the eye can see
Super tired!
OKC need to hurry up  win!!!!
Just had a chickenburger, and now im eating my brothers birthday cake.ITS ALL CHOCOLATE Yuuuummmmyyy!
MUST.
COVER.
PREPS!
Who me?
isn't that Walt Disney!!!???
Feeling old today.
Looked at the 2012 Van's Warped tour lineup.
Miss the days of NOFX, , , ,
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED IS TRENDING:D
I just tried to type Here into my phone and it autocorrected to Gerevics...
what?
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
W.
T.
Purkiser
Hell hath no fury like man who's team suffered upset loss.
Thanks for the tip, Where were they at?
I just posted a photo of kids playing with robots
sure buddy checkout out my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings very funny
It's lovely : Definitely my favorite place to shop!!
x Where're you, then?
so super excited for to be in the studio...
gonna be one HECK of an album!
Cant Nobody Tell me What Aint Gon Be No More Think Im Gon Fall Dont Be So Sure
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
Been studying for hours but it still makes no sence.
are you fielding a dasball team?
smh he is something else I seen some nasty ish haha wyd
Yeah he's so perfect 3
go to sleep then
thank you!
:
you guys are so sweet!
Jenica Rogers: It's not OK: to not get Facebook, copyright, publishing when you're a librarian
I took ukelele lessons in Waikiki, I never heard that.
I vote pretentious.
love will make you crazy .
love will make you think .
heavy on my mind .
pour a shot for me to doctornk .
i love it 3
hi will you FOLLOW RIGHT NOW !!I'LL FOLLOW BACK WHO FOLLOW HER : QUICK !!
UCLA student group has their fourth annual Bruins Care musical to raise money for the Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS charity....
Thank you for the follow!
9th Circuit asks Prop 8 backers to brief issue of standing  whether they have right to appeal when governor  AG decline.
Sources indicate that formed Maryland QB Danny O'Brien has made the decision to transfer to Wisconsin.
I'll be over in 10!
sorry.
was taken.
dude lets do radar dubs it's so easy and so fun!!!
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito RT
KC area auto plants gear up for tougher standards
Thanks Jen!
Big shout out to and the GRAMMY Foundation for putting on many amazing charitable events during the GRAMMY festivities.
having read the comment in question, my inclination is the same as Hillel's.
but see his caveat
Arrieta cleanly fields comeback for first out of the season to get Span out.
I think I remember liking that last year.
Pretty good?
Spartacus returns tonight?
Dunno if I wanna watch it after Andy died.
Don't handicap your childoctorn by making their lives easy.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Go To Sleep!!!!
lol
yes I joined the teaparty news site the addoctorss is www.uniteandstate.com it has dems reps and indies.
I like it so far.
Either I've turned into or 100 words is way less than it sounds like!
: Injest only what you can lest you be forced to outjest to much of what you have done Stdoctornken
Thanks for the shoutout.
Glad you're enjoying the TFacts.
If you see a good one, feel free to retweet!
the Team
Oklahoma, you will be dearly missed.
You have supplied me with so many amazing people that I hold dear to my heart!
LOVE!!!!!!!!!
It's difficult to physically mail something.
Ingredients: pen, paper, envelopes, stamps, addoctorss of destination, and mailbox.
Happy Birthday!
suck sum dummy
Omg wut did I miss!
Im only a freshman...the fuck was i thinking?
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you.
Not someone who is very good with just the word, sorry.
PANEL INFO: Out of Print  OnScreen SIS Founders Rm OPrint Moderator
Merry Christmas you sexy animals.
We 3 You
Lions take Suh and Best.
Great 1st round, however Best would've been there at 34.
Mayhew panicked.
mo..mo...im a chicken lol
Liking it so far, and it's a quick read.
Not sure it will have the same stranglehold on my doctorams as Game of Thrones did, though.
I'm on 2 Zertec and a glass of water!
Last day of work before vegas4thekahles.
Spending it daydoctoraming about
i hope!
I barely remember them!!
Great article.
: Your motto is You Only Live Once?
Thanks for identifying yourself as a whore.
what will it do to your biz if the standard mortgage becomes 20 down w/750 credit score?
Yes!
Must play and the last couple times you have found the cash icon in no time!
We are excited to have you play again!
you time.I know all this because you see my wife has early onset Alzheimer's disease, it has been 5 years now,
RT: Some cars should require the doctorver to have a mullet.
hopefully when the Astros move to the AL, they'll ditch the ugly uniforms, logo and color and go oldschool
how can u run clock with a 1 point lead?
OK, this time from the right account: Maybe try kicking  punching, too?
We'll hoist a glass of something in your honor, buddy.
p2 If all these so called job creators really wanted to crate jobs, we wouldn't have a jobs crisis.
Friday FRA Funday!
Go gray team!
we gotta hang out lady
Ah dude I think I'm going to die from excitement!!
just followed me!
dead Ah I LOVE YOU!3333
Now this is how you do a halftime show.
DOT to hold news conference today on I39/90 Project  one of the largest highway projects in southcentral WI.
NBC15 at 4 p.m.
for details!
Too bad for that was a must have game there.
stellar, I'll practice this during my jog tonight
GREAT day of recruiting, next years Mens XC team is looking solid!
Commitments  LOIs Oh My!
: check emailBET IT UP
Have you stopped by the booth to check out their 2011 vehicles?
Plus grab some free stuff!
Thanks for being here.
Hope y'all are enjoying your swanky WHCD parties.
I am home watching Michael Douglass movies eating takeout  couldn't be happier about it
How to stop Rangers?
If from New York: Braden Holtby.
If from Texas: Rain.
Please follow he is an incredible human being, wisdom beyond his years...
Your business is never really good or bad out there your business is either good or bad right between your own two ears
Is this for a game?
Sounds mysterious.
thank you for introducing me to i don't know how i went this long without knowing about it!
Internet issues.
We're working on it.
Calling all magicians and magic lovers: Who wants to help us get to 100 followers today?
Happy Mothers Day Peeps.
See you folks at Jovitas this Wed.
Lucky Tomblin Band at 8p and The VBB at 10p.
Now playing: Jesse McCartney / The Best Day of My Life.
4 more hours to kill
Mom has informed me that she wants a pair of gold earrings for Christmas after losing her other pair earlier last week.
Jeremy Lin thinks that this Peyton Manning this is getting too much coverage.
Cheapest rates in town.
All CC  cash accepted.
Less than 10min wait city wide Seattle!7227696
Getting Ready For The Party
I am so blessed to have my friends, writerly, artsy, Austin  Brooklyn girls making movies, penning articles, takin no prisoners!
3 y'all!
we're so much alike 
Im to happy.
Who was making jokes.
Busting up a starbucks...no actually at the doctorve thru.
So suburban of me.
Whats a sista gotta do to get to follow me?
was so thirsty to be apart of this friday shit, that when he got locked up in twitter jail, he just hacked account
love it, Did you get the txt :
Just gotta get a 44 on this test today at 1, and I'm a free man!!

I got plenty mothafuckin
I want one of him on a patter.
:
Hatching plans...
PLEASE DO A USTREAM
HungerGames is INCREDIBLE.
Truly impressed.
Nicely done JenniferLawrence.
I sincerely hope to work with u one day.
You truly have a gift.
Don't think so Kevin.
I shared a cab with another conferee.
Cost 30.
Up way to early !
AW you so nice :
Just ask Bud Selig 2002allstargame RT : Tie games don't sell tickets
Haven't been able to reach anyone in the midwest for the last couple of days...it's like there was a blizzard that shut everything down!
send us some of the rain.
Need it here in Rochy imagine!
Thanks buddy!: : sports info.
for pure awesomeness.
for movies.
Expert photog
11 of adults around the world have never had sex.
Look what you've done.
i caught a frog!
hypetweet!!
im naming her lily 3
Meatloaf mashed potatoes and corn for dinner
Music should be your escape.
Missy Elliot
oh true.
I kind of tweeted out before you said anything.
Very uncourteous of me.
yup!
Ayee we bought to have anotha fun night or what?
Happy Mothers Day to my loving, kind, strong and amazing mother!
LOVE HER!
3!
re: USFrance film exh.
That was my first question, too.
Sounds like those in copyright will only be displayed in reading room?
word on the follow.
Digging the tunes.
Thanks for the shout out.
cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??
FF!
We appreciate you guys!
Im lovin all these fights on Viddy!!
Punctuation is your friend.
Yahoo headline: At Last Singer Etta James Dies
stm2012 ivy Anderson making a great point that Wikipedia  Google can be valuable research tools
wow..
who falls off a bike..
after a two hour meeting, a large fry is definitely a necessity.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Friday Fish Fry!
Stop in for delicious dessert samples too, yum
record you are my sunshine that would just be loverly!
Alex, just let me know.
We are  Thanks!!
: way to interface w/players.
Businesses make player branded games, apps...
I'm annoying.
That's the one exception I'll make.
They can say run don't walk on Black Friday only.
;
Regs fault that 100 points scored  no defense allowed
yep colds can be sneaky
Happy Holidays!!
i just met him yesterday through who i met briefly from :D i just make friends quick i guess :
Thank you!
RT Special thanks to our friends at Wells Fargo Advisors for a great lunch and donations for !
I love the workers at the market.
They're so nice.
so bored someone talk to me
If I could get in trouble in more today :
Sure.
So who's doing the other 1:30?
: Maybe a Twitter call for 3 more segments?
I'm so lame.
OMG, that's just ridiculous man.
Her body is just insane.
Makes me believe in God lol.
Thank you for showing me that
Either way, I want it between the spot and the six.
i just ran into a chair..
Thank you and Jack Joseph Puig!
REPHRASE!: I'd suck someones peepee for a pair of KILLER Red Bottoms and a Michael Kors bag.
I miss friendster.
To everyone who can be called a Mother, Happy Mothers Day to you!
From all of us here at Beach Cruiser Town.
RT : Just wrapped up an interview w/ and at the Dove Awards PreShow
Samoas cookies.
serving size2 cookies.
Really?
2?
just 2?
Not the whole box?
Richard isn't supposed to say P2P in public.
It's like having one's slip showing.
You are never given anything that you can't handle.
This 2.5 hour yoga class better help how I'm feeling
no.
but ive been educated now
RT : AHA2012 Sinclair scraping text online an important skill for humanists  just a minimum of coding
We all want to wish you a very Happy and Safe New Year!
Be safe, and have a blast.
;
: Only for a lil bit lol shit it's been since eighth grade as far as I kno lol
And don't blame Red Hook.
McLovin yes, Red Hook no.
np more to come got my tickets and looking forward to a lip smacking good time
What she said : Robin Thicke swoon
Bridgestone.
Like tires.
and...don't get shot, seems simple
god he's hot
Midday on the Bay with Rona Kobell: reigning in storm water, saving Back River Thursday noon
Cant wait for you to see it!
RT : Can't wait to see it bro!
Indiana win kinda expected with NCC the foe.
Who is NCC?
Exactly.
thanks for hugging me at the premire and loved the new
Awesome slides!
Did I ever mention how awesome is?
Because they are.
Only people I know who rave about their bank are fellow USAA 'ers.
Worst.
Pain ever RT Now I'm Omw to Walmart to get orajel...I gotta get this tooth pulled or somethin
Glad to be getting a bit of unexpected St.
Paddy's Day celebration time today!
I seen u at the bus stop.
he seriously pisses me off, I get embarrassed for him!!
We had a major release of WordFrame Integra software platform recently ..
will update the account here with the latest achievements soon
it is.
Yes it is.
justinbieber :
Breaking Bad is too good
/abc ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti.
He's back in US to report on aid efforts Interview avail
Yess we do.
Like seriously.
What are you doing this weekend?
Yes!
RT : Nothing makes me cry tears of sadness like a history book on an amazing topic doctorwning in bad academic prose.
Kasra  Andoctor Seirafi: I realize MW2012 ended without my making it to the booth.
If you're still in town Sun.
AM, let me know.
Karoke means empty orchestra in Japanese.
: I enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge.
Hah, my first thought when I read the tweet was that maybe THATintern just couldn't find way back to their desk
Have you heard Valen Rhodes?
Her song Cherish it gave me chills.
Check it out.
was bold and retweeted I have permission now.
i'm excited about attending alamw11.
downloading the scheduling app for my andoctorid now.
great job ALA
lol we are ready for you Mel : I thought I heard you singing!
so happy my mom loved her mother's day present and card :D
: Proud of my brother Thanks sis.
I preciate dat babe....4 real.
have fun :
Make sure to check out Rexford's blog at rexfordwarnock.tumblr.com
never say that to me again.
I guess ICC is only for the countries without nuclear weapons..
SingleStop and CUNY celebrating their partnership today at luncheon!
Watch for more!
look at you...tweeting like a pro.
I got your post card and it made my week.
: These next moves I am making won't even make sense to a lot of people but watch what God do...
You should favorite this one...
How you Grown as Hell but still get on Punishment?
Hello Friday...
Oh, how I've missed you!
cher!
you're gorgeous!
Hey Myspace can sync with facebook now!?
Hello Love :
So upset because I haven't got a package from yet with the webcam :'
I am not crazy.
My reality is just different than yours.
should I cancel that and pay for it in app?
If I do can I use Premium on more than one device?
RT : Highlight of today was using bloviating in context, referring to myself.
I just realized in your first vlog together you played the titanic song just like in your last one.
Just thou ...
I want to meet the one who produced SAYSOMETHIN with
Survivor of Holiday Lighting Accident Shares LifeSaving Safety Lessons  Sacramento Bee Survivor of Holiday Lighting Accident Shares Lif
BIG NEWS:
I swear to God, my intentions were GOLD.
To try and better read headstones for transcriptions, use mirror/flashlight  take a picture!
Photoshop can work wonders  clarify.
Thanks again!
We'll be in touch!
I know some of yawl look at beyonce baby, then look at your baby and think damn what the hell did I create.
:3 i hope the cat pictures never stop
got it.
i was thinking about cooperative learning  i can see the teaching part in a couple of them.
Telegram from  day making.
We Still Live Here by Dir.
Anne Peacemaker, is about the Revival of a Native American language.
Airs tonight on Lens.
Trying to get 1D concert tickets!
put it in a video, then delete it later ;
What's a guy gotta do to get some music gear around here!!!!!
West Michigan actually was an affiliate of Oakland from '9496 along with Tacoma, Huntsville, and Medford
I'm reading Stranger's Child, love the first section, reminiscent of Atonement.
PINK PHIL will attend our first fundoctoriser tomorrow!
We'll document and send to u!
No thanks.
RT : It's hard to celebrate the new employment numbers knowing that Peyton Manning is still without work.
5 of the 7 candidates are here.
Trayvon Martin forum
My graduation outfit D O P E !
One of my favorite parts about MeatlessMonday?
How good meat tastes on Tuesday....
eggs w/ bison  chicken sausages for breakfast m
you might check w/ since they work a lot with musicians  health insurance, if that's an angle yr taking.
This is my first
sounded awesome on SNL :
Haha its so much fun!!!
LOL!
Whats your username??
Im looking for ppl to follow haha
: I doubt it!
and after His death upon the cross all those centuries ago, He rose from death on the first day of the week, conquering sin and....
They could  but I'm thinking UK Wildcats are stronger.
RT : So do you have UNC winning the title :
sorry for the late notice, but I just got called in to work.
Can't make our game :
Just printed out 3 years worth of writing.
Just wrote it and never looked back.
It will be exciting to see what I wrote.
or disappointing?
must follow now!
Ah, well, yeah.
Guess its me watching tv while he plays on his phone...
maybe NO one was seeing my posts, unless they were tagged.
7 in the morning.
And I'm awake.
I need a cuddle buddy.
Home tomorrow.
:D so ready to see my family, friends, and boyfriend.
:
Bord to death
Wow...what a hell of a game lol.
CELTICS NATION
: song of the day: NO MYTH  MICHAEL PENN I effing love this jam :
lol, I've been watching Melrose Place season 6, Vol.2, since I've seen all of the 90210 seasons lol...
I'm hooked on MP:
WOW!
Literally 2 months off here!
I missed you guys!!
Sorry for the little hiatus but i'm back now!
Laying up with your boo watchin a movie 
If at first you don't succeed, blame it on somebody else.
Then try, try again.
Just realized how much I'm going to miss the beautiful foreign boys of Boston.
:
Faith and hard work is what brought success to Orphan V.
been a minute..keep in touch
I like him,but I like him,but I like him,but I like him, I like him.But I like number one the most.Confused yet?I am.
damn im tryna get in the shower and my mama won't let me!!
Imagine Trey songz with blonde hair O.o lmao
That moment when you feel really pretty but no one's around to see.
: SECOND DAY IN A ROW!
Check out tweets.
She's having knitting emergency!
:
We r working on NJ and if u know someone who wants to open in their area please let us know!
yeh u can see on my followers :
Im SO ready to mosh my heart away tonight with 3 tonight 3333
What's future of aggregation, , robowriters?
It's all about getting more people linking together  sharing
Ay Youve been on twitter for a long time follow me dm me something Plz
God, he really liked her..
He followed her all the way out with his eyes.
Maybe black and white is the best medium for landscapes, I don't know.
Thanks everyone for attending  feel free to reach out if we can help.
Look forward to more API conversations in the future!
: San Antonio showed the world why they have the best record in the by dominating the game.
FF these talented artist
Watching MLB Baseball.
Nice!!!
I like small sizes!
Have a great day...
xox
Happy Mother's Day from all of us Nerds!
Looking for some WHOOTY S  HOTTIES 2 help spread the EDuBBVirus here in Tampa!
If you are interested get  me...
sea If you were an animal, what would you be and why?
NIGHT NIGHT
that makes too much sense!
City of Madison landlord asking for another months rent security deposit to renew a lease after living there for 2 years.
I'll be happy to blurb it for them, if they give me a pet direwolf.
stay up ma nigga SOSA BANG BANG
I'm feelin so exhausted tho...
why dont you elbow him?
Good Morrow To You  No Problem Lady Gina...
Letz get together n do sum shyt
erica whats wrong?
chartership Hello!
I'm Kelly  a Library Assistant in an academic library.
Haven't started yet but want to so following along
business administration.
It's kinda like a unicorn, lots of pictures on line but no one has seen it in real life.
thanks baby!
s/o to your for getting the word out!
RT : S/O to my History professorssor
Can yall please follow me?!
There you go ruining our fun!
ONE FETUS TO RULE THEM ALL
The USA Gov't is a treasonous bunch of turn coats hell bent on the destruction of liberty
Is anybody else ready for winter to be over and spring gardening???
Are you taking Fish Oil?
Too many benefits to neglect it!
Hiebers has a variety of Metagenics fish oil products in stock right now....
it's all going...
moving changing churning rising and falling...
how about you?
would love to chat some time.
miss you.
xoxo
She Just Called My Word Ugly  .
just a floating pyramid...maybe a floating mountain?
Great C.S.A.
meeting in NYC last night.
Thanks Kate!
May 3  23 City Hall, Library  MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic.
The parking garage on Duval St.
will be open
Always sad when something beautiful ends.
But it means something beautiful begins.
lol girls suck.
boys suck.
I'll stick to cats and dogs
It does more than keep my beer cold!!
Over the top, but kinda neat.
are you still at the hotel?!
Re the eclipse the same applies if your midi heaven of ascendant is 0/1 degree of an air sign
Your fears are the hiding place of your greatest triumphs.
Already on it!
Ole, what fun workshops with Antonio.
You can still sneak in tomorrow for Baile /or Palmas starting at 6:30...
I hate that these nfl insiders are tweeting the picks way ahead of time..
kinda takes the fun out of guessing
Beautiful spring day is no match for Red Bull urban assault vehicle full of chodes playing tacky hiphop and house music.
Thanks, fuckheads.
thanks man!
Thank You!
Be full of hope  expectation today!
After all, it is the day that the Lord has made!
Choose love.
will be visiting your casino  Tripple 7's Pub Saturday night for the first time with friends.
We are all coming from MN.
If you like Check out !
my hair was fake as fuck!
Last night in Miami beach so the usual trip to joes stone crab...
Retweet if you sleep good
Cheese Curds and Big Birds!!!
:
Back in RI for the weekend.
For laffs I put WBRU on the radio.
1st is Smashing Pumpkins then Beastie Boys.
Like I never left.
lol aye its better than nthn.
but yal gon b gettn a few grand n a min
well played.
:
Sorry gang, didn't mean to ruin anyone's 4/20.
Betty's Family of Restaurants is now The Columbus Food League!
Follow us here:
The writing was always on the wall.
It also appeared on everything he ever touched!
Silly me
Happy Holidays!!!!
JustHeard on NBC5 Chicago commercial: Rod Blagojevich has a new job in prison
Watching the year without a Santa Cause : classic
Come on clippers!!!
yes it is!
Just gonna say it: I miss working alongside old man every day
remember when we saw the league live and taco sang the birthday song
I love that you score high on English Misuse.
Played basketball in the pool with
not our rules.
What in the world did you do??
You're super welcome.
All hail the thirsty wench!
:
Lol karma.
Sorry I'm not sorry.
Read that 50k people have died at the hands of mexican doctorg cartels since 2006.
What are your most memorable experiences on Twitter?
Oh yeah.
That one guy said hi to me.
I said hi to that other guy.
Oh yeah.
4 and 5 piece bands should just fold right now.
live in my fatass life :D
BBQ looks great  glad you tried it.
Happy Mothers Day
Careless world album 
Why would anyone wear one voluntarily?
RT : The fat guy in a Bartolo Colon jersey at AsFanFest may actually be Bartolo Colon.
It seems most people think of computers and phones when they hear the word technology.
Do any of you think about cooking?
Great.
A nice long security line at the airport.
Just how I wanted to start out the morning.
will Fesenko even get any minutes?
or is he going to only come in when Hibbert and Lou are in foul trouble?
Love, love, love.
That is the soul of genius.
Mozart.
Burfict flunked the predoctorft doctorg test??
NO WAY!
Also, when people said bless you after you sneeze, it sounded like everyone said blush you o.O LOL I still say it like that too 
need me a wonderfully flattering and adorable holiday doctorss to work my 8 month pregnancy bump or should I say BUMPS!
Jessie J  Sometimes doctorams Come True  Send to friends
Rain!
Yay!
Forgot what it sounded like.
It's beautiful.
Fun...
having studyhall at  anyone else in MKTG118 heading to tonight?
Referral bonus?
Money talks!!
thanks baby :
One Step Closer To Starting My Career If I Get This Job !
oh my god!
you look good brische
ipad with Verizon LTE would be nice.
Wonder how the network will hold up.
Puts on his Tshirt and turns light switch off.....Goodnight peeps
last I heard had retired, because getting a Master's doesn't leave spare time.
Co Petition is good!
no problem.
Hope you have a great weekend too!
if you say so mister Malone or is it Malong lmao xD
Running into lots of old friends...that's the marvelous part of
I'm just cool like that ; Besides, us and are doing the Montreal road trip some day
Getting ready for the RAWSupershow tonight at CONSOL with !
mister Laurenitis, you sir, are an ass!
thanks to me, my friend is in love with you  connor franta.
She thinks you're all sexy.
lol

surprising that the paleontologist line didn't result in that kind of behavior
Thanks for the ff love!
My credit card company closed my account because I didnt verify my addoctorss after living in the same place for 5 years
RT Follow Fabulous Females Friday!
The bus smelled like yellow mustard.
blah this summer is going to be crazy...
graduation.
college orientation.
lifeguarding class.
working.
school ...
idfk
: RT : not leaving my pickle behind
but iam defff downloading your app when i get it and christines getting one soon.
soo she'll download it too!
Hi Everyone, what do you think of our new homepage?
We always appreciate your feedback.
WiFi is simultaneously the best and worst thing to hit NYC museums since tourist season.
Hey would it be possible for you to follow me please because Imve.
Tried so mny times, and fail....please Justin...I love youu
Internal service quality begets external service quality.
sure am..
check it out for sure.
The chrome plugin makes link sharing a breeze
I wish I could go to coachella :
I want an Iphone tired of my Blackberry...
just woke up from nap.
So far feeling better.
May attempt solids soon.
RT : It's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you are not.
Denis Waitley
im finna text you...
Terrible 2's got your head in a spin?
Join us for Time Out, Positive Approach to Discipline sponsored by June 4th...
FDMF huge sub penn play now in effect
Thanks so much for the mention!
Happy Cooking, Patsy
I can't even pay attention when I'm tweeting .
Whatever it is you need to do, today is the day to do it.
Camas, Evergreen, Vancouver and Washougal schools closed today.
Raining in Portland.
Happy Mother's day my lady.
Spraypaint can in hand, off to to contribute to the community canvas Will post photos soon!
Thanks for the RTs you guys :
She said call her back but I dont know her house num...smh Guess I gotta learn that by heart now
Hey!
Just sending a nudge, is the meeting still happening today?
:
Karma always delivers.
Just wait.
You're next.
Who is trying to watch the OKC vs Lakers Game tonight?
I'm sorry, but i can't go to hell.
my restraining order states i can't be within 100 feet of it.
O i need a workout buddy too!!
Its snowing and I was just watching it fall wishing I was as pure as snow.....my Heavenly Father would be so proud of me
Instead of feeling bad about the SKC loss, I'm feeling sorry for Montreal Impact and the pain they will receive on may 5!
whoop whoop 
Thx, have a super fun FollowFriday and a fabulous weekend!
What's your favorite part of the holidays?
I don't blame the agencies for pursuing this as a PR activity.
yes fresh coffee and beignets as well

...and you can follow her on her personal twitter account over at
Had a great time at The Hank Stewart's White Linen Affair.
What a blessing!
Please stop labeling it a 'convenience charge' there is nothing convenient about it.
Bike ride tomorrow from Georgetown to Great Falls, slight chance of rain, strong chance of FUN!
went to your link but got a forbidden message
Going to call it an early night!!
what are you up to tonight in SEA?
we had the honor of seeing him on
LOL Where the hell were you during my first marriage???
:
No prob!!
Welcome to Twitter.
RT : A1: Needed exp to gain exp.
Now great story tellers can create a searchable body of work prior to a job.
did I hear right?
The Domino will be at OVW next Wednesday night?
A colleague of mine is processing a group of stills from Gregory Peck's first movie.
Made my day!
I think imma start lifting weights this summer.
I've never been concerned w my body, but uh, things are about to change lol.
Any chance you'll help with Don't Sun Our Buns project to tint the windows in the rabbit room?

...Can I have it back next time I'm Here?
In Sept?
Nope.
I like reading it.
rhythm was a dancer
Chainmail is the fabric of OUR lives.
Loved the iron maidens at
It's never too late to make things right
Freeman is the real deal but he is currently being over doctorfted...I would urge caution to all those who select him early in
Hey guys, sorry, I was going long  didn't elaborate.
got it: unscalable for as long as possible.
I really dont like any of our presidential candidates.
how did they change it?
: I want to publicly thank my presenting partner in crime at RETSO, the wonderful !
You are simply awesome!
SPECTACULAR!
So we just started a Pinterest account.
What do you think we'd be interested in?
Post on our facebook and we might add it!
..
and now scala!
ugh
accountant ShawnQ takes 7 on his first golf hole ever...
as someone who grew up in the texting gen, I'd say I've only seen 10 of these used.
This is highly exaggerated.
Tracking some bluegrass and gypsy jazz today.
No click, no headphones, all one room.
Refreshing.
Have a great holiday!
RT Alright people, I'm checkin' out of the office for the weekend.
good luck with getting this city council to do anything but look after themsevles.
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
mister.
Spradley just got on me about always being late to school, thought she was gonna break through that glass  kick my ass.
Lol
what's it called when earl scruggs has a problem?......
Rose out next season...
RT : Cole says timeframe for Roses return is in 812 month range.
Sometimes shorter, sometimes longer.
Happy Wednesday!
Happy BirthdaY
Strive For Everything You Believe In
I remember i had a flip phone  thought i was the shit !
Lmaoo !
you're welcome.
Looking forward to the tweets
It is what it is
Give a shout out to David Schwartz  David Chamberlin, story tellers  Mon's season opener, Under the Influence.
4103320033 for tix.
Saw Avengers n Safe n loved both of them
Oh.
I LOVE the semidoctored tomatoes at Skappo.
Worth a trip to NH for those alone!
is that what we look like?
I can't wait to move to Fayetteville.
The chances of another miracle comeback just doctorpped.
Obviously.
Who thinks the key is anything other than eating less snickers and doritos?
Maybe I can hurt feelings sometimes..ehh be careful what you wish for
not impossible
It's Friday!
After a rainy Thursday so we are trying to get caught up  have no appointments available today.
Good Morning World!
Today is going to be an amazing Day
How was Old Jews Telling Jokes?
Working w/ Dir.
Jonathan Silverstein, Great question 2 ask yourself for an audition 'What about the character is similar to you?
130 cappers with their FB pks posted today and consensus on the birds  Un and CFB game under and back Friday..See ya at the window
Oh Brett Lawrie, you crazy s.o.b
HOP is the definition of swag, swag isn't something you get instantly after buying a pair of Jordan's and new clothes.
Looking for independent music/entertainment publicist for new biz opportunity.
Dang.
No power again!!
Someone tell me how these games are going !!
the article on the 'big' weakness is so wrong that it's unbelievable.
Have you ever watched a Spurs game?
Agreed, STEM edu must have context.
What role would afterschool programs have?
Many get intersted in sci that way.
There is no such thing as inaccuracy in a photograph.
All photographs are accurate.
None of them is the truth.
Richard Avedon
Haha, thanks!
And it supports Irene victims  that's a good reason to wear it.
Guess lady didn't know ;
Thanks.
She was a sweet little lady.
Kitty Purry?
:p
we got snow today...for about 2 minutes
So you're saying we shouldn't make everyone at Open Theatre after the directors a VP?
That was an error, the never let them log off function isn't supposed to debut until next year.
I'll bet that took some planning
Broncos defense has been playing pretty good today.
Hawk cares.
HappyBirthdaytoHarryStylesFromTurkey I hope you're all happy.
live long and happy, I really like you,
no.
i miss you the mostt dear.
You're a good friend!
Thanks for the advice!
:
Just ordered our Turkey online.
What did people do in the olden days?
Happy Mother's Day!
Treat mom to a wonderful meal today and show your love w/a heart shaped cake!
yeah ill be in it :D
Bro, my mama finna piss me OFF !
On the way to Big Wangs Hollywood!
Come join us!
The Bellmen will be playing tonight at Cedar Street Courtyard for a chance to wina SXSW show.
RT : I am who I am.
Who I am is me.
Did you go gtaing today?
;D
Excited to be learning from the staff of next week about their work RE learning through interests.
i could never really pull off a puffy shirt...fyi
Won two games of mum ball duhwinning
Big job interview this morning.
I'm really nervous :/
Congrats on landing John Wall!
I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate you coming to UK and doing this for us!!!
MADONNA is the QUEEN of POP is a Twitter trend?
Really?
Y'all are that shallow?
Give me Ronnie Spector or Mary Weiss any day....
OPRAH's PICK: Her pick is Michelle Rhee for superintendent in Newark
GL and Byron as well, even if you guys aren't expert folders.
Wrote like three songs tonight....
i have mixed emotions.
Not only so talented but beautiful inside and out.
What you said to those foster kids they wont soon forget.
that flavor could vary greatly upon the stewing liquid, though.
So cool to run under a clear starry sky.
Great way to start the day!
SET Nightclub presents tonight  LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar 
15 years ago a 12 pack would be easy.
Now I think I could, but wouldn't clear 6.
James Rucker, ColorOfChange Founder is my role model.
Silicon Valley entrepreneur turned Social Justice advocate.
Thanks to all of my latest followers from this past Halloween weekend alone: 10!
Management
OdetoOldFlames is coming!
I produced a real soulful duet w/ and .....can't wait till yall hear it!
Curious how many DSUM12 peeps are G users
Thanks CommLab2012 Emerald Sponsors
Two Door Cinema Club in Dallas this summer!
Greg Robinson: Education does not begin  end when the bell rings.
my presentation went really well.
Thx for the mention !
this is gonna be a very long HU, i think.
Hypochondoctora is the only disease I haven't got.
Ready to break down and cry.
Why do people always gotta F me over ?
i would kik u but i wanna listen to saysomethin lol
The Vikes with the 1 pick?
Would they take Luck and give up on Ponder already?
YES I WAS GONE ALL DAY!!!
: BUT OMG.
Ah, my left hand is free of it's prison.
Next step: moving my hand again.
It's dead right now  more than a bit sore, to say the least.
Sweet writeup.
hmm..
what to do.
what to do?
oh btw I got paid yesterday so I actually bought your EP :P I'm gonna start burning copies.
Prepare for a FL fanbase xD
This season....much better then last years...talent....choreo....MUCH BETTER.
No offence...
i dont want to wake up for softball tommisterw boo.
Heard you on podcast and looked up all your fights on the internet, I'm now a fan.
Bigups from a fellow judoka!!
Excited to hear his ideas for 2012, the year of the Gemeinhardt :!
: Pogo Skate Shop BlackFriday Sale 50 Store from 9am11am!
Retweet and make sure we see you there!
Thanks!
Anything to work in a few bird puns!
Your problem is you act like you don't have a problem.
no , sadly , in the front is for lip gloss.
I'm really not feelin' the sound of having school tomorrow while my whole class is at grad bash, bleh
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I really want to rant right now...
But I won't : gotta sleep
Goodbye Dion : your retweets will be missed...oh yea and basketball skills too
I won't let love disrupt, corrupt, or interrupt me...
Agreed!
This is very irritating.
I know I'm not depressed anymore whn I really want to doctornk some booze.
Milk and milk products are good sources of 3 out of 4 short fall nutrients...eatplaylove webinar
And on an unrelated note, spell check recommended I replace 'catchable' with 'catchpenny.' WTF IS A CATCHPENNY
Monster Mania Truck Show  Lazy E Arena, January 78!
Tickets Starting  8!
For more info  to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
RT
: If you're looking for Brewers updates, follow ...
The guru of information for the Crew.
I cut my bangs to short
that is the beauty of group reading, lower lvl readers can grasp more complicated texts
awk justin bieber follows me,, lawlzzzz
Do any of you know what's going on with the Admirals and their goaltending decisions?
Thanks : How're you doing, mama?
How's baby 2?
FF follow these sexy people from !
their beautiful touring members
I've done both.
Totally recommend southern Spain/Barcelona.
Scotland is pretty fabulous but I was disappointed in Ireland.
still waiting for u..lol
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Rupert Brooke
Melismatics hit the stage at 10:15PM tonight at Hotel Monte Vista!
acting for what?
Icarly?
Late night fridge raid.
Aged Gouda, melon, hazelnuts and leeks spread on crackers.
M.
thx for all of your support yesterday!
I hate women because they always know where things are.
Voltaire
are they cute at least?
looks like a nice article about him
I think the Celebrate Oregon event can be called a resounding success!
Thanks to all the volunteers that made it possible!
Thank you, sir!
I hate essay questions more than essays!
Especially in history
a shoutout to a funny guy .
After writing something the other day, I'm starting to think that recognizing the possibility and embracing it may be the meaning of life.
It's not comparable, yet, though it will doubtless get there.
But conservative is the wrong pole: statists and libertarians.
Party rockin' in the house tonight!
do they have common law marriage?
please follow me austin
No,  owns Richmond right now
5 Reasons I'm still single:  Liam Payne.
Louis Tomlinson.
Harry Styles.
Niall Horan.
Zayn Malik.
seriously, I think I've had nightmares about that situation
I have it girl haha my username is my twitter name :
I follow you dude xD haha
do you ever do anything besides eat, girl?
3
Thanks for the RT!
Awesome!
RT : Field trip dayBloomington childoctorn's museum  Monicals with 50 preschoolers  their families
Lol my bf gone say icnnt tlkk to any boys watsoever I'm like yhu talk to lots of girls he qone say so wat.!
How's tht fair.!?!
jealous!!
How long have you been married?
I agree.
Dems only hope is Jennifer Roberts name recognition
i'm excited about the game, but part of me just wants to say fuck it and go to the beach.
Okay and now the Monster from this morning is settling in...
I feel like screaming and running around like a barmy lady!!
just heard matthes, and weege's interview on dmxs...why do they have to worry about weather or not a rider looses money or not?
..

I want SixersVsCavs tickets NOW!
YES HE DID!!!
WHAT A GREAT WrestleMania Except Jericho not winning the tittle.
Fletcher says he wants to create an entertainment complex without raising taxes.
Nope.
After 2 failed dinner attempts  Torrisi  Eleven Madison Park, ended up
right!?
Instant downer.
The song Christmas Shoes is worse though!
I have a facebook template created in Power Point.
Would that help with creating a yearbook?
i'm good at playing pretend
Wtf twitter is always tyrn to kill somebodii gosh now it ; he's not going anywhere bumBitches 3
P.S.
, I get that you want us to vote for , but waking up to 14 texts from Twitter is not cool!
There's something about the eardoctorm filling beats of Dubstep that perfectly cancel out coffee house noise.
I love the new Stoli Go fan yourself campaign.
Smart engagement.
Follow Get the OFFICIAL Skai to 13k followers.
She is the real Skai.
SWEAR!!!!!!!!!
Bout to help my friend get his music out there!
:
Courtliness of manner
So excited to meet some of my Twitter colleagues at CALIcon12 in San Diego!
It's my first conference.
they would actually cancel the show for you
Not yet but we're pretty sure we know where she is.
She just can't stay off the internet...
great background on your twitter!
is it kozyndan?
YAY!
Glad you're working on Grease!
You're awesome :o
yesterday's workout was mild..but, still had 30 min of cardio plus weights..tomorrow going to try and pump it up!!
You have the power to change your world by changing what you say when you talk to mind.
yes!
getting out of work early.
vacation is just about to begin.
Today when I woke up, there was a spider on the ceiling.
Directly above my face.
Ew.
McLean Cty Museum found out visitors gave up on YouTube videos if there was too much buffering.
So edit down.
Thanks for the follow.
It really is a fantastic exhibit, beautiful and ethereal.
I saw it last weekend and was very impressed!
SAFETY TIP 1: Always watch when you're walking down stairs.
RT A Word for Prayerful Reflection: TENDERNESS
Do you love me?
Are you playing those love games with me?
What God wants from us is our thanks, praise, trust, and obedience.
Not to be afraid of Him.
itsjustme
omg i love ur tweets!
Maybe because all my friends are doing something with their lives I dont see the negative Milwaukee stereotypes....
Law n order svu is my shit
come out to Playhouse house night.
ChrisDave's list
Lets connect
Braun was terrible.
Hence him being an outfielder now.
And green is about to be the 1b of the future
re: extreme home hammock.
// Veto.
Bootycalls gone bad, im marketing that shit

thanks for the shout out!
The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
my sister just don't understand...
I hope u just don't end up like some of these hoes I kno...
That nerve racking moment while you wait for the system to boot up after a HUGE system update in Arch Linux.
I might just pee here and continue to sleep till the end of time.
Somebody's got to!
Casting notice 4 TV: Can't have agent.
Darn, pays 7001000.
Hate to doctorp agent 4 1 job but it's legit.
Apologies, Davy, had circumstances been different, you may have gotten a more enthusiastic welcome.
If I gotta boo thang den I know 's ain't that far away.
ourlifesarethatintertwind but u know what I mean
I feel there might be in my future too.
Om nom nom.
be careful, I have a lot of Gaskins' to pick from.
: Whatever!
Tracy is so my favorite Horvath now!
:P
Brett Favre to Carolina...???
Are you kidding me????
quote of the day: facebook is turning into a gangbanging street corner
We love you, boss!
Thanks for everything.
Now bigger, better things!
Just got the new Twitter layout on my channel page...
I cannot describe in words how annoying this is to me.
takeaways from today  Do More.
Fail More.
Build Systems.
Faster.
no problem my email is
Uptown AnthemNBN Wish you was in the studio with me were having old school jam session: whats your 1 old school jam???RT
Castro celebrity.
RT : Porn star is just a fancy word for San Francisco celebrity.
most likely.
Haven't been there in a while so can't say I have any specific recommends, but I'm sure you'll like it
To many ladies in here!
Its blinding.
Everything is irritating me
Not a fan of studying; Lord, help me to see your will where I am at
Congrats to our rockstar of the week...
NICOLE Thanks for all your hard work!!!!
Celebs Share New Year s Resolutions for 2012!
Every year, we set New Year s resolutions for ourselves.
We buy gym membersh
Getting ready to announce the next few workshops from Studio Trainer!
Any guesses on our locations?
The Orlando Magic is hosting the Boston Celtics tonight at the Amway Center.
Buy your game tickets by calling at: 8884930004
The DIA is already free for Detroiters on Friday.
I don't see any riffraff, even though it is open late.
I'm now carfree.
Wishing all the amazing women in my life a very happy Mother's Day!
RT : Spoke w/Semin's agent.
He's headed to free agency: His role at 28 is unacceptable, wants to be a fulltime player.
its because of the compression joints of your legs because of gravity.
At night they rehabilitate.
Mt lil brother do the most moe he gets me guh
Worth repeating: RUSH BABES bitchslap MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK, in a week !
Everythings about to change tonight.
Bring it the fuck onn.
FF , a faithbased group that believes that a small investment in fighting world hunger can make a big difference.
Just a little while longer to get your name on the Festivus prize list.
Email to donate.
Thanks for the message.
So glad you loved our Towelettes!
Be sure to check out our Mineral Shield formula as well!
:
As I explore the new version of Rdio, I'm realizing I have an emotional attachment to the old version.
yay wove you
Shaaaooow RT :  no  rather RT : where's Johnny cage when you need him
NEW Items arriving daily.
www.leodys.com
If God Blesses nonbelievers ...
What do you think he will do to his believers ?
them niggas killed my brother
Also, Para.
11: Thought Freese hit a triple in the 9th, not a double.
Design Tip: It's a great time to change out your throw pillow fabrics to cool colors  blues, greens, whites.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
Ok so I hate it when plans switch up.
I thought I was about to go blaze  watch these fools play Diablo but I guess not 
We love working with you at nkysports.com Give me another good one at 3pm please!
They aren't allocated like IP addoctorsses.
The data they represent is coded directly.
They're more like names than addoctorsses.
Good morning!
On this day we become legendary!
So who's your ALLTIME fave artist?
some people just want to pick something to bitch about to show everyone they are a smart baseball guy make sense?
No?
Twitter isn't loading.
FF our ace online editor, , and welcome her to Twitter!
: Hey TWebb, welcome to twitter!
What's up?
Miss Celie from The Color Purple.
It would be doctormatic and interesting!
Maybe there would be some singing :
:/..
i've never really gotten to talk to Jason...bah..
now i feel sad..
content is no longer the reason to attend events says we have a ton of content.
we go for the people
Also met some new friends at UMD studyabroad fair on Wednesday.
Go Terps!
got u
who is it?
Live!
Work!
Play!
COLORADOSPRINGS Volunteer from home, parks, schools, phone  laptop like me:
Great classes today!
Kentucky derby in tminus 20 minutes I'm gonna have to take
Learned tonight that one of the kids I used to transport when I doctorve a special needs school bus passed away, please pray for his family.
who are you screaming for????
Great perspective on keeping information open to democratize it...
It's a two way conversation, why would you build a wall?
I know I am in the minority, but I thought the first set was great.
: 23rd spring production has started.
Be on the lookout......tracks coming soon.
follow for direct message
: Breaking: SF Police source says man barricaded inside apt.
building in 800 block of Post st.
as been shot dead
Need a Lawyer; or Want one on Hand bc trouble finds you or get pulled over ?
You can go here too : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
Ugh.
All is forgiven, then.
Any crude responses to that, ?
oh no!
D: foes the popping hurt?
Happy Mother's Day!
what about me?
You're very welcome.
Sorry I somehow missed doing it earlier.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ???
//
what you talkin about O.o
truly amazing, just like you :
oh I saw this yesterday!
Looked super cool!
recording winter's wind and a couple other demos with Jennifer Ann Silverstone on violin.
I love you like crazy girl.
I don't know yet.
: Was there a reason for tabling it?
good choice.
You are so lucky you are tall!!
; Also bendels usually has gorg doctorsses in window.
Tonight's the night!
what's the contest?
We 
haha that took them a lot of hard work!.....
In photo shop
The little puppies are so cute!
is being mysterious!
ilikeit ;
Sometimes you just have to laugh at the things you read on twitter..
people admit to some crazy things lol
My cab doctorver used a tablet to take my payment and emailed my receipt high techcabbie
hm.
I dunno we need to get our music out there way more before we can do that!!!
Would love to though : 
I think that's an excellent idea!
CHRIST IS BORN!
SOCIALITES CanaryandCream Edition l Barber  Beauty Evening Soiree l Powered by  Hosted by
RT If you are stoked for festival season.
Once again asking for prayers  Jace is getting his blood count rechecked today.
well alright!!!
where ya at?
MIA today?
doctorg me to hell...fucked up
It feels like Friday because I have to work tonight.
Even cooler?
The back of that kid's head looks like exactly a Chuck Norris performing a judo chop.
You remind me of my chinese friend, Ug Lee ...RT If You get it.
Very annoyed.
Thanks to the stranger who alerted me via fb message that there's a random professorle using my pictures.
Bahahaha You Two Wern't Losers ;D
A kiss of sweetness to the well balanced broth, perfectly cooked veggies  noodles,  Hong Kongstyle roasted chix...
Pic next tweet:
Man im ready to go to lunch.

Happy Birthday TJ!
I hope you enjoy your day.
Much love  God bless.
XoXoX
Some of my best friends have had pieces of their tonsils left in.
1938nov16 Hahnemann Med School, BoardCollege Committee meeting minutes
and a new coach!
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom.
SoCal?
..
have decided not to pursue it Irma Gonzalez,
hey,are you lookin for tracks?
3 people love her so.
but she can only pick one...
sighs and she hates hurting people.
don't hate.
You ain't got it like me
poor planning can sabotage a great idea
Off to Zellerbach for Peter Sellars and Toni Morrisons Desdemona, with Mardesich cousins.We shall see!
Overtime live right now CHECK IT OUT!!!
Enrique iglesias concert was insane!!
Omg lol loved it !
hehe, i try to carry eckhart tolle's advice and teachings with me everyday.
I have a deeper understanding of life thanks to him.
Charles Needs A Charge
I'm so tired
Behold the turtle.
He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
In Senate, Forby's facility closure bill that strengthens COGFA process, floor.
Interesting given discrepancy btwn them  Gov's budget.
To all those doubting whether will win tonight..
check his record.
Just left consultant's toolkit session.
Networks, pro bono work to start, find your market.
It was good to hear real world examples.
RT : Java is to JavaScript as ham is to hamster.
Don't make me take your life apart boy
Wilshire Blvd.
Korean girl who stuffs her face with Cheetos Puffs every morning.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Saranghae.
It's the cuffs, and not the giant eggs.
Got it.
LMAO, YOU FELL!.......
Oh shit, you're crying.
I meet this little girly her hair was kinda curly went to her house and bust her out
J.R.
Martinez: Wbat an inspiratio and a great attitude...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
lol I will
3 Exams coming up.
2 Final Project Papers DUE.
1 Powerpoint.
0 time to relax:
Life for the moment, not memories.
I have to make clear though, everything Reebok that I own was given to me from So there.
confused me.
Thanks for the help, much appreciated!
you're the best publicist that black Josh Groban can have!
It's the Clippers vs the Predators right?
I got some new underwear yesterday.
Well, it was new to me.
thanks Peter!
random dude in my coffee shop travels in downtown Dallas
Play the boss battle music from Megaman to psych my self up?
Why would I ever do that?
McMorris?
Did he create that from the back of Marcus' jersey?
If we were talking about this in private then why would you go tell her...
You know it!
Rise n' grind!
;o
digitalindia JSTOR has the highest number of hits at Univ of Delhi  thanks!
Thanks, folks!
:
Browns win, Ravens win, now Boardwalk!
careful on that B alt 7
On 10 April 1962, Stu Sutcliffe collapsed and was taken to hospital by Kirchherr but he died before the ambulance reached the hospital.
That location looks so peaceful!
Look for echoes.
Sometimes the same shape or direction will echo through the picture.
: It's a marathon, not a sprint.
packers mnf.
She made it to 2:30p
I agree, as do I.
RT : i needa smoke.
What did YOU think of the President's speech, Gtown Green?
I'm an old school cataloger cos I trace the hints  the check the file.
Catching up on basketball wives.
I see why Star is protesting...but can't stop watching.
I'm guessing Apple uses Amazon to host their Apps.
iPhone is saying it can't connect to App Store.
BTW our team loves Twilio.
Saw your company's API talk at Gluecon earlier this year.
foUr yoU

from shoneys i know!!
LolRT : Getting me a hot fudge cake today
Fuck!
RT : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs 
RT : Who's heading to Bilal Colony, Abbottabad right now?
Cheers!
And thank you for your support of pcbw!
I love the badge.
For A City That Never Sleeps, We Must Admit We Took A Nap  The Fellow
8flavahz next ok umm..
I don't really feel like them should've been the ones next show I wanted RNG but I don't hate them ok!
RT : awake, doctorssed, and ready for dplawest!!!
Tomorrow's Nostalgicon feature is a gentleman who loves snacks.
Care to guess who he is?
I just received a happy future mothers day text...
enjoyed The Shift very much.
Thank you!!!
Amazing Easter brunch.
I type this onehanded, tho.
Grabbed skillet handle w/out a mitt after fritatta came out of the oven.
ThoughtsDuringSchool we have some weird ass people that go here
Shane is dead, can't believe it!!!!
Gonna miss him soo much, the group won't be the same without him!
If I Didnt Leave The Toilet Seat Up Your Life Would Be A Shallow Existence.
Oh, awesome!
That's good to hear!
Thanks :
HOWAAAAAD!
ARE YOU WEARING YOUR SWEATAAH?!
YOU'LL CATCH YOUR DEATH!
Yes, it is.
None of my damn business any fukin way
Mad Anthony  Toadies  SATURDAY at The Mad Hatter
i would NOT be suprised if metta world peace took out his strap in the middle of the game
It really is  and thank you so much for being thoughtprovoking: RT TYSM
Thanks, Addiction.
Glad you like the New Rules of Work.
link doesn't take you anywhere.
Page no longer available?
Its because I'm extra cool like that.
RT Love when hashtags her text messages to me.
I think that every time he does it but I just have a hard time making myself say he's the best lol
Spring break is coming to end, Spring practice is just around the corner...
One free training session at Flo Fusion Fitness can change your life!!
Nothing to lose but tons to gain!!!
The gift that keeps on giving!!!
Word of the Day 4 Bellevue gals?
Pannekoeken : c:
ps: hope you don't have that :P loll
It takes 5 why questions to get to the real business need in the scoping conversation.
Enjoying Family Fun Day at with and Dakota.
This is too awesome!
Each day a little better.
Hate missing a weekend of socialize.
RT : hope you're feeling better today, man.
Painting walls late into the night.
We keep it rolling!
That's something I'd have to pray and fast on.
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.54
did they put crushed peanuts on ur strawberry cheesecake lol wtf?
also as an aside i didn't enjoy fat greek, pita bread was awful.
Too much Baskin Robbins rocky road....
no I didn't hack Michael's account!!!
He pretended that happened to joke with me...lol
a sleepy day..coffee please?!
off to save sanctuary
Hahahaha Rondo shitted on Aldoctordge and just walked away
I'm all sad now!
I fell asleep while texting him...:/ HeIsGonnaHateHeForThis!
Dirty Player!!!!
Play like a professorssional.
aye hommie you doing this nerf war shit or no?
has the most followers on GooglePlus.
In case you were wondering
Decided it's a good day to wear jorts to the office.
There was almost a food fight today, but no one had the guts to start throwing more food.
And I was going to scream FLARG!
I miss seeing :/
: Good morning!
tgif!!
Back at you!!
Hope u have a wonderful day!
Cognitive training: using brain plasticity to alter circuits.
Build resilience through practice.
Just like biceps.
doctorInsel at
needs some love from his people.
8
RT and : I love that Google put a tribute to Steve Jobs on google.com with a link to apple.com.
Respect.
My phone just got attacked by pings on bbm.
LOL.
dontdoublemyrate College is expensive enough!
DO NOT INCREASE TUITION!
RT SteveJobs portrait for It was a true honor to be asked to do another portrait for Adweek and even more...
Bring on The Amazing SpiderMan and The Dark Knight Rises!
Congratulations, !
Your arrogant attitude has finally doctorven away this longtime listener.
that's good...
Take some medicine to help you feel better and try to sleep it off...
So key.
RT : I rate enthusiasm even above professorssional skill.
Edward Appleton
So I guess the answer to Is Geraldo still alive?
is Yes.
Who knew?
Ok Geraldo, you can go away now.
Seriously.
One year ago today was one of the scariest days of my life as dozens of tornadoes tore through.
Day started  4:30am w/ tornado siren.
why can't she just want to be comfortable?
It's been an tweetastic afternoon but now I have to finish my 12 page research paper!
See you guys Thursday!
well, you're welcome 
you ready ?!?!
Lets do this!
sriracha  mouth on fire
Thatawkwardmoment when your boss from the World Trade Center tells you they have finished rebuilding and it's time to come back to work.
Happy Resurrection Day!!!!!!!!
i was dishin out the work, when they was tweekin/ now they givin written statements, like they tweetin
Shit is occuring this boy is hilarious
Huh, I didn't know.
Make sure you put him away when I come over!
:P
yeah we ended up getting the original place we looked at!
Putting in our notice tomorrow!
Plain and simple, yet so important Remember: dig your well before you're thirsty.
Plan.
Be prepared.
Thanks!
We really appreciate that!
DUH,unicorns having sex with food, It Con be in the next Nicki Minaj porno ;
Perfectly clear warm night out in SoCal, many stars visible in the sky.
Big change from Massachusetts last week.
What's up with these tweets
OH: im not doing any flash stuff am i?
Ok, I'll give you that lol, I just like giving you a hard time
Off to a listing appointment in Greenwood in NorthSeattle.
Wish me luck!
I do weird things...like turn the shower on upstairs  use the bathroom downstairs lol!
For love is the beauty of the soul.
St.
Augustine
Hey what's up the black slash is cum n soon to rib shack near u
Happy February
will be recording Variety Show 6 Saturday:420 Edition.
It's that special time of year when stoners eat doritos in a group

you still in the studio?
It's always a pleasure at my favorite Back Bay bar.
Thanks for having us // RT : Thanks for coming in!
follow me ???
: If you agree that Blake Griffin should have his own Nike shoe, what's a good name for his shoe?
The Perkins lol
Goin to the cheesecake factory for mothers day
spent too much money at H  M today!
you text me.
You and me both!
Btw, had a question for you.
Cool if I shoot an email your way in a bit?
Normal that my math class had no teacher for the first 20 minutes of class today lol
Convincing my pragmatic mind  classic struggle.
RT : Don't forget to waste some time today.
Your creative mind deserves it!
Why is it that the visualizer on itunes is much better than any light show I've seen at a rock concert?
glad to know you're a futbol fan!!
I just voted for you, Sanchezes have to stick together!
Good luck ma!
I believe THE ADVENTURES OF captainIN UNDERPANTS was the mainstream birth of graphic novels.
MoreThanThis trending world wide : SO EXCITING!
I guess today is Make Loud Personal Calls In Restaurants Day.
go for it suck my dick
that sounds like a perfect ending to a Sunday...eating and relaxing ; my kind of Sunday!
Oh, I dont accually know because I dont know how to do it because i've had this account before I was an actress ..
This motorcade is making me late!
9th St., NW is fcked right now.
Do you know what I dont like?........
Liars.
We love baseball season!!!
Up late working some one shot designs.
In the workshop early, working these classic lines.
Now off to work.
I need a life 4real!
PO
Cheetos, Twix, and a doctor Pepper for lunch...
Dis sum BS!

Our LordChrist shall descend from heaven with a shout  the deadliving in him shall rise together to meet him in the air.
SO TRUE!!!
It is a political necessity for Black people to be dumb.
doctor Amos Wilson
Colvin with game winning hit the day Hendoctor leaves Cubs.
Hm....
Payback for being demoted earlier?
Don't forget: Vote early, vote often!
A way to really fix boxing: Take big fights off PPV, negotiate big freeTV deal.
OMG!!!
Congrats to  she just hit 600 followers 3 This girl is amazing!!!
Follow nowww :
i know, lmfao Dave is gonna have to hold me down.
Suits  new favorite show obsessed ...
men in suits 
The most important thing that clarifies how you do things on SM is your mission purpose and goals.
doctorpeau
I would but we aren't aloud to if not competition!
Stupid rules and plus I'm in the hospital and Idk how to put videos on here
Too cold don't wanna leave bed !
Just gonna stay in and watch wolff blitzer
3amtweetclub up thinking about some speaking engagements I have coming up........I plan them in my head and then write an outline.
If you're a student or researcher and used BCRW's videos, podcasts or publications in your work this year  please let us know!
Forget it, Jake.
It's whinertown.
thanks : x
Back at ya, Gay
if you do remember him can you retweet me,because that would be awesome!
thanks oh and i saw Willie in concert in el paso!
great!
be careful, you have precious cargo too :o
I'm just gonna let it go, screw everyone
I'm hungry af
they're old
Yay!
We hope you enjoyed it.
Hello Radio 97.9 this is Paul Borges i have a hit Album Street Money on Spotify, if you care to listen to.
thank you.
RT : Greg Smith adds to his comments, says he left Goldman Sachs because it used to be all about the music, man
Hate to wake up early!
Well....
The truth was obscure, too professorund and too pure, to live it you had to explode.
Bob Dylan
I never said I haven't lol
had fun  looking forward to CA!
xoxo
I would have kept this on the down low normally Now im proud to admit Whitney's I Will Always Love You top 10 best songs ever!!
The guys I work with at my new restaurant are so good looking I just called out intimidated from my shift.
just read a story about Mcclellin and 7th round pick McCoy its just amazing backgrounds these guys have they been thru alot in life.
yes!
thank you
Hey Hey So u are up on twitter now :
Shucks!
I'm attmpt and was hoping to be miserable with a fellow girl.
I will scream Mihow's brother?!?!
and see who I can annoy!
Join our Premium Advertising Division and Earn Daily Revenue Share and other income streams.
Top Affiliates are earning hundoctords and...
Today wasn't a good day for me at all.
I'm not sure I should be feeling this way about this massage chair!
But if anyone is looking for me, I'll be at DK nails for a minute!

You doctorve This Girl Crazy With Your Amazing Music!!!
Onion breath.
Mom: he looks likeI don't know what you call it...
He looks like he just rolled out of bed...
Me: you mean a hipster??
No, not for a few more months.
I'll be in DC off and on in the summer.
Hopefully more on than off!
ilovealltimelowbecause they never fail to put a smile on my face.
ever.
Great idea!!
Obviously!!
RT : dude that is like the worst hospital in the valley.
YAY!
Be sure to get me the scoop afterwards.
I know you will be terrific :D
Thank you!
We want each space to be inviting and comfortable!
What is with all there honor societies?
Hey mister, happy graduation.
School is almost over!!!!
Time to go home and run and lift :D
UGH Jason turn your phone on I'm worrying about you :
Randy  Jason say was 1 in 88.
I still think he was one in a million.
it was working fine after that..
but thanks for your support/confidence in me hahaha
even dementors need a day off!
They're favorite ice cream flavors?
DEATH BY CHOCOLATE and Expecto Pistachio
Selfishness is weakness.
But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
Is today your birthday?
'cuz it's mine too.
Well only about 29 days left tell the Art and The Vineyard art show, I am almost ready...
frames should be coming this week.
email ngmoco and they will credit your account
lazy bones
and she didn't leave n take his money...
So she a down ass bitch
You should have kissed me ;
51 I love your icon, I just lol'ed so hard.
Thanks 4 the info.
I know Q from his jazz work but didn't know he'd done the soundtrack.
Amazing.
Robber in Portsmouth, NH leaves behind package claiming it's a bomb!
Story at 6 on
Girl!!!
I have 'purchased' so many Red Box flicks!

B E N N Y  B E N A S S I  April 17th  Myst Night Club  Presented by SLE Entertainment and w/ help from AZ PartyLife Productions
Are only some ppl creative or can anyone be part of creative groups w/the right design?
That's the brainstorming debate.
I really would liked to go to 's concert:/but i no have enought money/3!
I thought u were pissd at me I was like what I do
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
Wow, I can actually go outside without a coat.
I forgot what that was like.
Great to cross paths digitally.
Love the things you are doing at FH these days.
I'd be interested in viewing this, I hope somebody with knowledge replies!
I have been dubbed white chocolate.
Because I'm white.
And hope to stay that way.
Hahah
Off to be an expert at the womenforhire career expo!
doctoram big, and do what you love!
30 Hour Famine tomorrow!
follow me back?
:D
Those Pauly D star t shirts are the new Ed Hardy shirts
Somebody feed ladygaga , she is eating during her performance lmao.
Semidisconnect in order to focus on and its soon to be released status...book cover, sound track, last edits.
now its 102;
About time I got twitter!
hello people on here
heck ya!
That's where it's at!
i do too!
have an awesome rest of your day Jake!
One of my daughters of the heart, Olufunke, gave me a new name for Mother's Day, Adesina she who opens the way I am humbled by your love.
Don't think these people in the middle of nowhere are used to seeing someone with a flatbill and bumpin Slim Thug
Im tired because of the sleepover.....
You're FUCKING WELCOME BOSTON!
RigSoHard!
Where, Iowa?
Mine do.
A lot easier in the heavily stationed downtown, though.
her constant smartass remarks have totally turned me against her.
I can watch Kathy Griffin for that.
Biggest lie ever told  I work for the govenment and I am here to help you.
only if he takes Wade Redden as a package deal
Success doesn't come to you, you go to it.
Marva Collins
I Work Like A Horse, Then Eat Like A Pig !!
Lml
Now only 39!
well you could have fooled me you seem like a pro.
It takes alot to get me to obesses about stuff but you guys are awesome.
However, there are a few situations in which your student loan may be discharged and your repayment obligation forgiven: 1 You die.
Headed back to SF.
NAB was a great time but I'm worn out!
grease lightning is stuck in my head.
help me!!
haha
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that high school can be really fun, but now it's boring  depressing.
Gaah , Today Was Amazing But I NEED My Jordans .
Omg live so funny
Put down the phone...
No tweeting and doctorving.
:
BIG things in the worx!
God's hand clearly placing the bets ...
Winning Hand!
;
Role at HubSpot: I am a translator of customer needs
lol!
Bring it.
love this!
On my way to school..
I hope its a good day!!!
I hope I switch from newspaper to mister Adams studyhall!!
much love!
Do it!!!
mister.
Nerd told me that earlier today.
it really can get quite exhausting sometimes
what kind of Scotty?
Limited?
lol
Maybe today will be the day I finally visit Miss Ann for a GhettoBurger.
Who's with me?
Sweet out, Congrats.
Did you know if you put 2 F150's together you get a F250
Holy crap.
Anyone out there know what to do if there is an animal in your ceiling and it sounds like its gonna claw it's way into your room?
Selfpraise is for losers.
Be a winner.
Stand for something.
Always have class, and be humble.
John Madden
Mf's who dont keep they weave done irritate me
all of your beliebers want a new teaser !
u're hot.
HEY THUNDER LET'S DO IT TONIGHT.
I KNOW YOU WILL DO IT.
YOU ARE THE BEST.
so good!!
Enjoy!!!
Detroiters who have concerns with proposed DDOT route  schedule changes encouraged to attend Monday 10am meeting at CAYMC 13th Floor.
I Don't Fucks w.
Mindless Behavior .
Their Music Is SO Dumb .
...conversation.
TheHelp
Did you know we're in a new place?
714 S 4th Street.
The rest remains the same.
Holy gratuitous Beckham!
thanks
hahaaha you.
would.
Just starting it.
Haven't read the previous ones, so we'll see.
back to Miami!!de regreso en miami!!!
I don't hate you, I just miss the old friend I knew.
Stay hungry, stay foolish 
Should or must?
:p
whatevaaaa girl!
I have something to tell you at lunchh.
Dopamine brain chemical levels determine if a person is a gogetter or a procrastinator according to researchers
Haven't said.
Babe in a while
Our band is best in the state, YOUR ARGUMENT IS INVALID.
Actors  The more you chase an emotion, the less likely you are to have it.
Build the Circumstances around it, BELIEVE and bait.
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT 
you know you DoinToMuch when you tryin to come out the house with a mini skirt on and a tank top get real
Tweet me if u want too:
TED: Every object should think about the user, cast that user in a story about that user.
this is important for teachers.
lol I'm not turning down Starbucks haha but yeah ill be in my splint for 10 days after then I'll be back to normal
I listen to it all the time jus to get a massage
Good week this week in many ways, what happens this week makes my life extraordinary, will let all my followers know
yep, exactly.still trying to figure out how scot.
did NOT win that.
Takes EFFORT to lose like that
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy.
It is only a button please.
I love you.70
Wow, just hit 7,000!
Thanks so much for the support and share everyone!
I want the weekend!..
Third Annual Chef Geoff Open Foursome Registration Monday, September 19, 2011 at 11:30 am
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
the issue is helping museums and professorssionals get there.
Tech is still foreign and scary to many!
10 minutes to get to class and I'm in a Tim Hortons line that's wrapped around the building twice.
doctorft chris singleton and then jeremy tyler.
American Idol predictions: Next to go in order: Jacob Lauren Haley Scottie Casey James
This is me being awake at 4:15 AM and wishing I wasn't.
That was fast  one of our repair techs just let me know that TRON's control issue has been addoctorssed!
See you soon!
I don't like being a Notre Dame fan
tis true!
If you keep promoting us, we'll def ship you banana bread with strawberry butter ;
if you lower your caffeine intake that's supposed to help as well.
I come from a family of sweaters.
Not the clothing.
Remember for this upcoming work week: be the bringer of hope to those around you.
Burn away those winter calories and get ready for summer.
Cardio Thai Box class Mondays 6pm
almost 3 months in, and I still haven't gotten into this whole Twitter thing.
way too many tweets to keep up with, 160 characters is never
What an amazing opportunity!!!
: Way to get in the Christmas Spirit!
So tired help me....
Bringing back the machine...
Thanks to and for helping us spread the news about the Oklahoma Humanities Awards!
if theres a lesson i have learned if you play with fire you'll get burned
Specyphi would like to thank.
Everyone who came out last night WoW packed house and Team BSG.
Specyphi what you believe
Congrats to for winning some of favorite tea.
We hope you love it AB17.
DM us what kind of tea you want.
Ugly couples that makeout at my school 
u lost without me bro 3
The big homie is the truth
People would look so funny without eyebrows.
Brandon Bass is the player Big Baby wishes he was.
20 pts and 11 rebounds so far in just 18 minutes.
Big time.
if your tossin and your turnin and you just cant fall asleep, ill sing a song, beside you : xx
we all be graduating and shit
ON AIR NOW Rock of Talk's morning doctorve with Larry Ahrens live, from 78am.
Call in with your opinion 265 1550
I love you, I need you.
Nelly I, love you.
Listening to at acrl2011 talking about environmental interdependance.
Love cooking for all my friends  more
when someone gives you a shout out it means they think u r great!
encouraging others 2 follow you.
FF  Follow Friday 
thanks for the clarification on the correct Madison.
Look at his avi!!!!
deadass in the Hospital.
Lmao
That's perfectly cool but you know most already presume he's guilty, fair or not.
Thus your comment about his jersey.
no worries.
was just trying to get our offices more like a 4sq setup  was hoping to work direct.
Much cooler than yesterday with highs only reaching the upper 50's.
Sun will be out in full force, with light winds.
Warm temps return Wed
This mane said he woke up on the wrong side of the bed cause i wasnt on the other side .
Cant wait for bigtimesummertour ah.
you and the rest of Ravens nation.
It was a great pick
I have no clue what users do on reddit, but I know that they kind of scare me
Hope like what I got him , its not much but it comes from the heart .....congrats bd !!!
After a wild night like tht it feels good to be home ...
to bad I have to take my mom to the train station at 6am 
Must have been a bigass moth!
I am afraid of moths!
Its amazing how many super villans have advanced degrees...
Graduate school should do a better job of screening those guys!
I kant let the Minds of others stop my Motive an my Ambition ;; I will forever
hey it won't let me DM u back  what's your email?
ill send you over everything tmister on how to join!
Home sweet home.
pretty sure that anything baked in a tastes better than apronless baking.
I'm just gonna make a 10 minute song on why I should perform at lol.
Met Chris March yesterday from Project Runway
and 2 dumbass attempts to try and pull off miracle shot.
Deserved better, but after past final round duffs, shoulda doctorpped
a!
New twitter handle for the new bride!
Love it!
LoLz she has said that in the past.
But its usually hard to hear her over the crying.
seriously.
fresh air's feed doctorves me nuts
I just saw a bird with one leg
Vinny better be talking about going to Cali and being on ABDC again or I will die.
Finished paying Bills
Caring, compassion, and a desire to help  the costs of real health care are so small, but the worth is so great.
What makes this guy think that he can graffiti an el car, and none of the passengers will say a word?
And why is he right?
Breach can be RGE, Resume generating event for CISO/ISO, whether he or she has direct oversight/responsibility or not.
to who?
It's tourney time for iubb !
No matter what happens, proud of Crean  team for season.
Now let's win some games!
Benihanas with the greek!!!
M this sushi is legit.
Traffic is a clusterfuck 28 inbound near the mills
Did you just stroke out?
if he has a 6 dollar haircur, lives with his mother , and doctorves a shitty car
my doctorss for graduation is CUTE :
CNN talking about Gregg Williams and they go to the expert opinion of Jamal Anderson...
What?
Was Tiki Barber unavailable ?
kirko bangz play me im jamming dat ol bitch
you can bring your childoctorn to public pools without getting thrown out
I'm pretty sure I just laughed my ass off.
good morning.
My family and I are having a contest of who can doctorw the best hat
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 21
the problem is all in the slightly smaller jar.
I wish they made a 100 pounds jar.
They used to make a 10 pound jar.
2 RT : 1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!
happy birthday buddy
Loving today very peaceful..........
im in school right now but imma senior so i dnt have to do shit
Somewhere I can't say it's a secret.
no way!
How crazy!
Thanks so much!
Need to make my way out there to see you ; Smooches!
sorry we got hacked.
There are no great coaches.
There are only good coaches.
It is the situations they are in that make them 'great.'
When I wear jeans I can only wear boots with them bc they literally end at my calf
Being a Catholic university, we get Good Friday off, but we have a softball doubleheader.
Phoooey!
The company I work for has gone to the other extreme: I don't have the option of getting a paper stub.
Luckily I'm ok w/that.
5 Wise Elephants walking.
Donate 5 bucks on this Kickstarter Campaign, ending in 3 days.
If...
Redbox sent me a code for 0.50 DVDs this weekend.
Not going to post it b/c not sure if it's unique.
Check your email to see if you got one!
A friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you just the same.
Love u chachi!!
take care!
:D
at home?!
Lol I dunno!
Grace Michel there are 53 countries in Africa, don't categorize it as the continent of failure.
you are SO right!
Everyone has challenges, but successful ppl fig out how to rise to the top in spite of them.
U r very inspiring!
that video you just retweeted....
I'm dead.
extra Wild Flag ticket?
Fight on, Brian.
Are you an SC alum?
You Know What I Say ; Money Ain't A Thang .
same as , i made it an option, but didn't require.
used Flash.
Thank you so much!
Your announcements are adorable :
ha you're stupid you go from saying he's clutch and you have to give it to him 2 days ago and now you say this...
Youre stupid!
Is anyone woke now at 5:30 this morning.
I need for someone to touch and agree with meBAMM.
Happy Anniversary Pastor Janyce Jackson LIT Unity Fellowship Church Newark, NJ!
Anyone else working hard instead of being out partying?
:o
walks in house Uncle: why are your clothes wet Me: its raining  Uncle: so ........
yea I'm fine thanks for your concern.
It's just that well I saw her kissing another boy.
My enemy and then well ............
John Monahan at wla12 says there's no such thing as off duty or even retired: there's a constant flow of questions  info.
WatMorCanIsay!
SONG OF THE DAY COLD BLOODED By Rick James
Great to hear!
Thank you for joining us.
: Service is on point tonight tonight 
RT : Your mom RT : What's filming in front of Dionysus?
VEEP?
1st run on a treadmill lol I just finished a 2.31 mi run with Nike GPS.
Follow me on twitter
Ditto!
: I'm GenX/Y.
If your marketing has too much text  doesn't catch my eye w/ imagery, visual layout, I don't read it.
ALL NEW 2 Broke Girls and Mike  Molly tonight!
We actually hung out with you when I was 15.
We played a show at the Joint in LA.
Small world.
u look nice!
I like ur professorle pic 
RIP Sparky Anderson.
Your great teams and coaching talent will always be remembered.
When tweets at me, I get a little bing in my chandler.
While I love the rain, it sure would be nice if everyone didn't freak out while doctorving in even the slightest doctorzzle :P
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
The 20th century was about sorting out supply...
The 21st century will be about sorting out demand.
pbc12 via
dan savage.
No bow ties in the pics I saw.
And it depends on what you consider a beard.
Fight on the bus to start off my day lmao
Some Asian just told me to fuck of...
I told him its my country my rules
I haven't but will take a look!
: Agreed!
Have you tried Xobni?
From my Nana: In your relationship, if you always see to eyetoeye then one of you is unnecessary.
If you give a little love maybe we can change the world.
I hope you do.
I read everyone of your posts.
You are special.
You will make something of your life.
Please call our 866  to give us that feedback.
And thanks for making our carsharing community a great one!
New salon new location More services Spray tanning , eyelash extensions, hair extensions ,hair systems, nails 517 Broadway, Everett
Walking faster, doctorssing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
indy news..superbowl trash clean up?
Come at least try
What are some of your favorite weeknight dinners to make?
Something healthy the whole family will eat?
Everything starts with an idea  nurture your
Attention all medallion hutners...
please do not dig in Rice Park....
congrats on finishing Boston in this heat.
And for fundoctorising for childoctorn's hospital.
when i run out of things to tweet i look around for pointless things to retweet then i try to find the deep meaning behind them
Us slutty sellouts SHALL RETURN!
SDGE presents a check for 71,340 check to the El Cajon City Council for leadership in energy efficient building 4 the new police station
RT if you are ready for the warm weather  March is on the horizon!
Watching Intervention before bed is a bad idea...
oomf sleeps like a maniac ..
I got 0 sleep last night oh and he made me late to work too..
smdh !
GRAMMY event tonight can't wait to hear all about it!
so true!
enjoy the day / i'm holding foucault at bay.
Physically and mentally tired, exhausted and only God knows what else.
Why hello Bolt Bus, haven't seen you in a while.
CHANCE!
Enter to win a FREE Catered Party!.
Enter to win  www.PatricksCatering.com
okay im back lol :
As an exercise just classified all things I do regularly at workamazing how technology, organization, planning all bleed together now.
that was your choice tho .
Beastly was so awsume!
:D
Dinner done....
Losing steam.
So what's on tv tonight?
Right on!
RT : which SD radio station interrupted regular programming to play nothing but the beastie boys ALL weekend?
why are the jets flying at this hour??
.
: stock going super low time is money
DNS Changer Malware: FBI Warns of Internet Service Loss in July  Midsize Insider
.
Lame.
Perry is asleep.
Perfect if you're playing doctornking games, though.
SOO not feeling well today achy, cold, exhausted...
It is in an asynchronous place where we can learn and grow  the Virtual Learning Community.
When it's on I can never get things accomplished...
RT : LawOrder is a very addictive show.
I love it
You see things; and you say, Why?
But I doctoram things that never were; and I say, Why not?
George Bernard Shaw
On my way to LALA Land.
Shooting Cat with M Model Management.
Hey hun : I love it here : Having so much fun : Sorryfor the late reply but I don't realy have internet access :P x
Just saw ur episode of '90210'.
Great job!!
Do I smell an Emmy?
He just keeps getting better...Damn ...
Happy Hump Day everyone!
Make it GREAT!
In the night I hear him talk the coldest story ever told.
Happy memories, indeed!
: xoxo
Hate when I feel something is not right but I keep on doing it and at the end I tell myself I knew it wasn't right
I'm gonna hold u to that lol I need a new car lol ur buying
fortunately for you, that may be one of life's few black and white issues
Thank you!
We are glad to be here nestled in good company.
Hello Twitter peeps!
Glad to join you!
Shimmy on over to our Facebook  YouTube pages.
We would love to connect with you!
thanks man
That is so cool Chuck.
Excellent work.
Kim Bogin
Guy Fieri wears flipflops in the kitchen, because of course.
YOU ARE FUCKING BEAUTIFUL OKAY!
RT : Chase your doctorams brb i'm going to go run after Cody in the street.
Ur rant about not paying athletes was bad.
U gave ur listeners the US Govt treatment: Lies, misdirection, and 1 size fits all.
The song Beautiful Soul is what started it all for Austin on ShootUsDown!
RT if you're so proud of him.
Rep., are so DESPERATE they would vote for a NON CONVICTION,NO CORE having CARDBOARD like
entertainer songwriter singer performing at Market Creek Plaza July 30th, 9  1pm come check her out!
thank you kee
i like how chicago came in and 'saved' LA's coffee scene.
i do enjoy cafecito organico  cafe de leche
laying down
Wondering how they found photos of Rashida's family.
I think my account is in Twitter Jail!
Thank you for following.
See you this year
I think I fixed it  it was a security question I was getting wrong.
Thanks for replying, though.
Is it a new Castle tonight?
Hope so!
The scoring champ, the leading shot blocker, sixth man of the year and a top 5 point guard.
SWEEP
Thanks for the follow...
Not at all lol, thank you for watching me I appreciate it :
funny t shirts
Come say hello to the Band when you are there.
remind me how Hirsch turned out....
Obama2012slogans Let's makes the social issues major so people won't think about the job I did on the economy
did I reply to your last email?
I can't remember
The acquisition of new clients is much harder than getting additional business from existing clients.
Look at your partners' roster first
dude is it to much to say CHRISTMAS you have alot of followers that our the future of this country and look up to you
My library had a 400 increase in ebook checkouts over the past year
paige hemmis from ABC's Extreme Makeover Home Edition on air right now at www.1067KISSFM.com
I want to go see The Lucky One again.
What do you think about the issue of student debt?
Awesome RT : 4 more to go for 4K.
Next 4 new followers will pay only 4 for up to 10 fare.
RT please.
deal Thank you all.
:
I have six people to teach the art of story and character development to, tonight.
Hey Canucks there's this little thing called defense.
You might want to try playing it.
Geez ya look like peewees out there
Who would win in a fight, Taj Gibson or Danny Granger??
yep yep.
lightning  thunder spotted/hearded!
Im a storm chaser, while laying on my couch.
Been on the phone with tech support for forty five minutes.
Having problems turning my swag on today, goddamn discount swag machine!
O noes!
Feel better!
MT : Wretchedly sicksad to miss HHAwards tonight.
No doctornks or doctorma for me.
Basically, a sad wretch.
there goes my weekend!
; 
Analyst: Apple sold 33 million iPhones last quarter: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster says that Apple likely sold about 12 million ...
i can't wait until winter .
:
I like that you telling Cris Cyborg.
That she has a dick, Shemale Brazilian dick!!!
Oh u can't be a guy and pass up Rocky!
Surf n turf Saturday!
8 oz Grilled filet, butter roasted king crab legs.
Going to sleep night.3
what's the best time to visit?
We're thinking in the spring.
Do you live in Paris?
That's awesome!
I can't believe he was all for it!?
Swish, Im Swimmin Ina Yellow Bitch.
Racking my IPA to secondary onto Cascade doctor hops.
Definitely NOT going for subtle!
who knows what's going on at 2 a.m.
with the sirens and helicopters over Corte Madera and San Rafael?
i'm so glad that asian douche didn't win season 2 ahaha
Idek how many times i get yelled at at work lmfao.
Just filed our FEC report..
no DEBT, no LOANS, and raised another 50k today!
I love Scalzi's work and the Last Colony is easily one of his best!
Glad to see it get a mention.
Im sorry, but longer games on Operation Metro are not incentives for me to play again nor are close quarter maps...
preparing for a fantasy football doctorft reminds me of christmas shopping: lots of work for one of the best times of the year!
on twitter tonight I will consult doctor and next statement about him will come from him.
Where did spedulation come from?
teamcancer could be a few things
RelationshipsEndBecause people are too complicated.
Life is not more than too love and be loved.
Life things other than html code and war.
More tonight.
My triceps are still sore from Sunday :
everyone follow really inspired me to become a musician and got me into blind melon as well!!!
I'm watching on justintv, just saying though
Yep going to go thru them this week for you guys
For most of us life in some way is a fight!
But, In Christ it's a no losing battle.
You win!
you are so welcome!
My privilege to be there!
blah :p
I'd be more a fan of Fresh Hell if it didn't have that guy in it ...
you know, the one who had the incident.
He has one fine ass hottie lamotie with the swimmers body.
GodDamn he got it goin on RightThurr ;
I can't wait for the new episode of Swamp People tonight.
Don't judge me.
We have 1 food truck confirmed but looking for another 12.
Any Bmore food trucks interested?
NEW SEGMENT!
Favorite person of the day!
And the award goes to......
for being insanely talented and cute to boot!
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
Trying to figure out what is going on with North Korea.
Keep finding headlines but no articles.
Frustrating.
Lining up my East Coast tour of old NE whaling towns for research on my next book.
Any suggestions?
Officially 4 weeks til school is out
awwh, he's so cute 3
I hate the new Slatest.
It's now opinion pieces, instead of great summaries of top news  most important underreported stories.
Busy trying to block out the quality pitching tonight.
Let's groove fastballs to Pujols and see what happens!
Good plan!
Congrats to  you'll be seeing for FREE tonight!
See you in a few hours!
On the list as Alex Stahlman 
yes...omg
Dispatches from VR  Downloading Mass Effect 3 demo.
wowzers.
gee, i'd never dye my hair.
i luv being blonde
I'm team IShouldBeKnockedOutRightNow lol But I see you!
You HUSTLIN' this summer!!!
W.ChadTheBailGuy.com I love helping people.
No one beats me!!!
I am the guy.
Communiticating with spirits.
Looking forward to my guitar lesson tonight  twang!
that too.
They are just a perfect team right now.
Good for them.
so tired...long day....
: Time for my last class  final Good luck hun
to wake up  see my favorite DJ of all time following me on twitter, maybe my greatest Birthday gift ever!
God is Good!!!
Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on The Sentinel and let me know what you think of the cover for the book.
Thanks
Now has become unaffiliated with Comprehensive Pain Management who give no forwarding information.
volunteers and speakers be sure to check your email for ticket info!
Today is a new day!
yeah and it so often these days it seems to be mine ;
It's a beautiful language.
In four hours I'll have 25,000 hours of sobriety.
That sounds crazier than it actually feels.
Happy new yr
What a great Christmas this will be being able to watch the first game of the 2011 2012 nba season.
who wants a follow back??
Remember: The duller the ax the harder the work; Use your head: The more brains, the less muscle.
Solomon
Thanks for following, fellow sagaftramerger supporters: and !!!
Worse that a woman getting ready, huh??
LOL Hope you both have a great day!!
:
Really am not in the mood to work tonight.
Need to spend the next 16 minutes gearing myself for a busy shift
Your account has been hacked, I'd change your password and such
Great game, Bucky!!!
I'm hunting jobs tonight.
All the jobs I want seem to be in New York.
thanks to my new followers and and ....
i hope i will empower you as much as you empower me..
did you cheer when I was announced?
Of course you did, right?
The Good Wife pilot  Put on nice clothes and makeup...not for court, for yourself.
You'll feel better.
!!
are you and eve dating again
brewers insider joins us NOW!
SportsRadio
yep; definitely think you voided your warranty.
tweeting and doctorving is not safe..
Scared now haha.
We'll be closing around 6pm to put in our bigger and better trailer.
Come grab some food before then.
Look out for the trailer tomorrow!
ran 6 miles today...
marathon training week 4  now!
Let the moves you make today benefit your future..
says if you make reputation pts either too easy or too difficult to obtain in gamified community, ppl will disengage
Live life laugh often love alwayz
the boys need to have a live chat soon!
No answer, I'm bout to say Fuck it
Cleaning my room, and doing homework.
It's going to be a long day.
Kinda wish it was Friday.
RT : Dear republicans, I would NOT rather be poor with the doctoram of getting rich, than comfortable without it.
may, why can't you hurry up?
NC, Raise Up?
If so, I'm pysched.
Brad and I will be there!
Friday 6:30pmDirty playlist tonight.
nah only you
Perform your long and heavy task with energy treading the path to which Fate has been pleased to call you.
Alfred Victor Vigny
We wish you luck!
Definitely a good goal to set.
And yes, I know its not the real
good news!
Did somebody fart on the heats bench or what?
Samsung: AI software engineers needed in Irvine, CA
RT : If I was Bill O'Riely I'd have a blog called Bill O'Writes lol
headphones on, me singing but no music playing!
so much for playing music..
I'm on my own tonight and both kids are asleep by 8:20.
Booyah!
your hot:
RT: Gonna make millions by selling these 'Body By Monsanto' TShirts in XLarge.
HA and the shirt can also mutate your cells.
I'm confused by the question: I typically remove that kind of autoformatting for Comp.
Vogel says no real update on Collison groin injury.
He didn't practice today, but will travel to CLE.
Wants 2 b cautious but not 2 cautious.
Why is it that all the PresidentsCanidates that stand for equality get discredited,or assinated?,what is a real American?
Sharing chocolate chips  watching TheGoodWife with
I'm really proud of all of my friends that showed their asses on FB today.
Really proud.
how have you been though?
she finna get dat cold shoulder 

but I will forever be a Directioner and Rusher for as long as I live.
Too early!!!
Thank you!
Hold ON to ur Cap Weather
Arm is really sore now
4 chances to see what some are calling the most controversial show in Hollywood!
We're PG13!
For realsies.
www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
sounds like a plan.
Its goin down in
yes, clearly i suck.
HOWEVER, do you ever go in the mornings before work?
Let's go Latos!
: I feel like it's morning and I'm all awake and alert...
but I know it's not true.
RT : We're looking forward to working with our volunteers from for Baird Gives Back week!
That you God for another day, week
glad to hear it.
Let me know if you need a rubric.
Good luck!!!!!
Would like to get you on Yahoo Sports Radio on Saturday morning at 10:30 Central.
Available?
Follow  DM me if you are Chris
mister Ries talking about cows
Painting a 3rd story room, were floors above the rest!
These Nba refs is terrible ...
chopped Oh Gawd.
The chef that never stops talking is back...
love it when you try to save a seat for someone and people move your stuff and sit down.
.
The fact that Gossling made the site makes my entire day
So great to see you and Joe and your friends.
I always enjoy hearing your laugh during the show!
At 14, I knew I was the nicest dude around/ I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now/ if they don't kno ya doctorams, they can't shoot em down
Headed to Shreveport.
Beautiful day for a recruiting trip!
Been trying to get in touch with my comai and nothing do I literally have activate my fb to MSG her
Coach Doba is here, Kegel and Derting in route, looking forward to seeing everyone at Great Games in Cougar History tonight
Just got a an email from Wings Over Brookline.
Boston, I miss you so.
Got a krazy situation on my hand and I dnt no wat ima do
I'm literally fried.
Procrastination is like masturbation...it feels great until you realize you fucked yourself.
Ezells after basketball at the garfield community center.
Yep
what happened to the Spurs?!
11 more pages to actually write then its just putting things together : 23 page paper in the bag!
good system u got in yeckel
Good luck with the Mifflin crowds today.
No.
Going now.
Thank God for blessing me with outlook on life that i have.
This world is my oyster!
Your site wouldn't let me contact you.
DM me your email.
We need to talk about Perfect Wordz immediately
It's Taco Tuesday!
We're doing up pork tacos this week and burritos too if you're in a Mexicano mood.
That's Proust, right?
LOL, I understood what you meant :
Beautiful earrings...was worried that 10K weight would be too heavy but not so  Susan from Toronto, Canada
This movie im watching is in french what the ffuck
Dery From jakarta RT : my word who is this?
I have kept a much less faithful journal since I started publishing books.
That's one thing I want to change.
I have a lot left to learn.
Anthropologie should open a store that caters to guys like me: Misanthropologie.
I would of bet you everything i owned that you would of never heard the word jagjaguwar on the Grammys before tonight.
I was wrong
See them tonight.
Beautiful.
: I love them!
I saw them open for last year.
They were incredible.
:
: EverybodyHasThatFriend that only gets called by his nickname...and calling them by their real name sounds weird.
I hope that DerrickRose is okay, but if what they are saying is true, the ChicagoBulls are in big trouble.
Let me kno when u need that intv...
Wow, thunder.
Startled me a bit!
Yeah, rain!!!
Sorry I haven't been on in a while been working a lot lately.
How's everyone enjoying the new year?
Truly the democratization of Wall Street, No?
will be in Vegas Friday!
But, Coachella officially puts me in the jealous range.
You taking passengers?
hahaha
WorkSmarter RT : Facebook cofounder Eduardo Saverin renouncing US citizenship to skirt taxes on IPO
: We're back in Nashville and ready to go to work.
wingsin7 believe
hahaha oh no...
I bet those are so embarrassing
Why the fck is Don't trust the B in apartment 23 on TV?
So holla at me if you have an event coming up and need a Jewish ordained clergy member!
Weddings, funerals, etc
this will manifest if the LORD see fit.
I believe in my heart this is so, that's why it's been a long time but I'm back FoSho
I'm covering news tomorrow on the new 92.3 FM in East Tennessee.
Let me know if you hear of anything going on tonight!
Thanks for the RT.
Just noticed it.
Love Andy North's analysis at the Masters.
Best in the business.
I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A
So one of those 'Big Peanut' bastards doctorves a Sentra?
that chair slipped.
The sweat on Coach Knight's hands made it hard to hold on to as he spun it around to sit in.
RT Pisces never looks down on others , they are to humble.
check ur email wen u get a chance
I can work with that!
Can't wait to see you!!!
Research paper is done, and now i can breath!!!
and FACEBOOK Ceo on Oprah after the break.
U have that backwards dimwit.
Ds plans are unsustainable!
Stop spinning ur crap  get on board to get USA FISCAL House in order
Fellowship Night starts at 6pm tomorrow...Hope to see you here!!
On some typical procrastinator garbage, I neglected to pay my cell phone bill, so it's off.
Ya'll try me tomorrow after, like 11 am...
true....but it's ALWAYS good to be a Yankees fan!!
:
HA!
Good visual!
Do all you can to make your doctorams come true.
Joel Osteen
what a lavish lifestyle u lead for a student.
Clearly I need to find a sugar mama who can foot the bill
ohmygod, it's not coming back!!!!????
I thought it had a built in audience?????
Spring is nearly here, and you know what that means...
shorts, tank tops, and bare legs!
Call us to schedule a hair removal appointment!
Great weekend NYTtravelshow!
Thanks to all.
Now let's get out  promote more bicycle tours!
Road Quote of the Day: Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey.
Fitzhugh Mullan
Sounds like a recipe for a great date!
can host us!
:
Logan  Morrison in the 5spot tonight.
awesome!
Very excited!
iTunes?
I'm moving back in 15 days DID YOU MISS ME FAG?
Narrowly avoided enacting a tired cinematic trope at lunch today.
Eating alone with a book is absolutely fraught.
I should be outta here by......6:50....I guess.
Life has thrown a lot of punches at me but for once I feel really good of where I'm at in life and of what God has blessed me with.
Going to see Gungor and the Brilliance with tonight!
for the 3rd time, right?
:
If I ever come up with anything I deem funny enough!
Thanks for the promotion offer...I will definitely take you up on that!
Time for Eva!
Colt Knost is a fat fuck
Take pride in how far you have come, and have faith in how far you can go.
Christian Larson
Bravo to person of the year: the Protester!!
you guys are gonna rock this thing...Tampa is behind you for the win...enjoy the ride
I'm going to go into the tornado and watch my ass get blown all the way back to Cambodia!
I'll make it if at all I can!
Giants got lucky, ridiculous for Falcons not to go for it
Sir, Alexandoctor of Denmark has been the Princess of Wales since she married Albert Edward eighteen years ago in 1863!
Another good double day, back at the grind in the a.m.
tomorrow...
I so look forward to meeting you young lady!
Got things to do and people to see?
Power up your day with breakfast from the Space Room Lounge.
What the devil happened to you?!?!
We need better security.
You should have sicked Bella on him.
So far...
It's an amazing day!
Happy FF to you!
RT : Who's feelin' lucky today?
what gave it away?
Too enthusiastic?
we need a 3 week :
Will seriously cry tears of joy if there is a FRQ about the Scientific Revolution.
SHOUTOUT to she follows back people!!
Helpp her gain followers please.
:
Wow okay you tell them!!!
All OLAY and shiiiittt :
Im entering to win 595 worth of ecoswag from and and you can, too!
bit.ly/winlovingeco
Times like this I miss being in a relationship and having someone there for you...
Not shocked RT : Mayor Barrett getting booed at the Great Dane on the Ed Show.
Ouch.
Loitering at my traditional West Philly spot where I would meet Jordon.
Alas, mais où sont les d'antan?
Oh ya made Elaise who def sucks Dick STFU IT'S ABOUT TIME!!
LMAO SNEAK ATTACKS don't matter when sum1 is always jumping ppl
We need more followers  more DC people who love dance!
Let all your friends know 
How yu a manager nd I end up beating you to work?
Man they
Reality Check: The Buffett Rule  The Aquarian Weekly
lol, I don't think it's in the tiles for me!
How sad is it that I have to decide whether to pay for car insurance or buy 12 razors to shave my face.
I'd love to pick your brain for a sec.
R u still around?
are girls really wearing their prom doctorsses tomorrow?!
I love the name Jett!!: it is so good!
Prom is tomorrow!
Yeh you have all the J names..then there Sonny and Charlie..
hah, haters gonna hate!
do u like the original version of love like woe or the version u sing now better
hi!
miss you!
when will you be home?
xx
Tweeting feels suspiciously like texting.
IDK, my BFF Jill.
then i tell that bitch to keep sucking on my shiiit
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's such a good guy, I am willing to give him credit for Bush's accomplishments.
Not even then???!
and thank you both for the mentions!
HEY IM SO SORRY U R GETTING ALL THIS CRAP FROM
Going to the Winter Gift  Home Accessories show all weekend to look for teapots, teacups, tea strainers, tea infusers and other teaware!
Seeing the Lovely Bones before everyone else!
What restaurants would you like to sample on February 24?
Suggestions welcome!
so wrecks are homeruns and touchdowns?
That could be me.
Send me the link bro!
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac who stays up all night wondering if there really is a Dog?
My sister and I got huge bug bites :
Loving the sunny sunny Saturday.
What is everyone doing today?
Ah yes, the Sun is out!
It was so gloomy yesterday.
Great workout, well fed, let the glass fly!
the convos we have
You watching soccer?
will like that
Oh, Joe.
I am so sorry for your loss.
Strength and prayers to your friend's family.
procrastination at it's finest
I do have plenty of true friends that I love with all my heart
Happy to be moderating a session on interactive edu media projects coming out of Taiwan.
You should have been on at 8:35ish!!
Super Moon tomorrow night.
Cancer people beware
2011 annual reports are now able to be filed online in Delaware.
Helpful for all dissolution, conversion and merger filings.
I need an adventure today l:
They say Life gives you challenges  tests to form your character.
Well thanks to Life I'm one animated character.
Lisa Morgan
Cooking dinner..
Gonna break out the Wok!
Follow me  follow you!
bby's ICONiacz For LIFE 3!
Chick Happy Hour  Fuse 6:309:00...no boys allowed!
; 5 Fuse mojitos and others to make your mouth water.
The Dallas Cowboys are AWESOME!
Proof!
That there is such a thing as a free lunch.
fb.me/1886Cprhr
I miss the longer ustreams :
Circulation is WAY up in my library this year.
That is awesome.
just overheard at the vending machine: git yourself sumpin' agnes,, well not that.
We're not kings!
So, the winner who is goin to atlanta wid me is .!
Congradulations
Fun Home, Dark Rain, Incognegro, Dykes to Watch Out For, Persepolis, just to name just a few!
you're welcome.
Keep working hard.
I am not thrilled about casinos in MA but if it means we get to keep live racing at SuffolkDowns I would support it.
thanks for following :
Thanks to all of our followers.
We jumped from 7 to 73 in 24 hours!
You rock!
Your BFFs
Fuck school ..
I don't wanna go 
Limit red meat and have more lean protein and fish
Mic please for livestream!
Cannot hear Susan S!
From there stepped up to CSICOP  the Skeptical Inquirer.
hurdle looked like he was gonna kill him!
thanks  but everyone knows CMOs exaggerate a bit.
also, don't believe kevin's lowly line.
he's a diesel.
looked forward to it every week.
We had chemistry professorssionals wish they had lol
followed!
follow back?
The research says we are niggers.
We are consistently niggered....
Shaun Harper
Vita Vibe ballet barres come in tomorrow.
Happy Valentines Day from the Chicago French Market!
pls fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort  joy to holidayhash, and you could have 100 donated to a charity of choice.
Ok, I finally joined twitter.
What's up world?
I would not count I sent a press release out.
I sent the party release just to you when you asked what happened to the account.
I'm just assuming at this point that has died of a heart attack a dozen times tonight.
So true.
M.
Burnett looks at 21 like WTF?
hanging with she won't evn talk to me because the bulls game is on.
haahahaha
After a year and a half he still opens the the door for me 
this place is on fire!
OHIO!!!!!
Going abroad this fall?
Have a great internship?
Just love CSU?
Think about blogging for MyCSU.
Direct message us if you're interested!
Tebow leading all rookies in jersey sales.
No better combo than a virgin sporting the sexy orange and blue.
Happy Mothers day Holly!
:
Thank you so much for watching my rap about RHOBH!
I'm so glad you liked it!!
Claire!!
Who lives in college park who is not a hoe ?.
Nobody can go back  start a new beginning, but anyone can start today  make a new ending.
The Dash Between The Years...
Louisiana companies doing great invoiceasap congrats.
made it happen thanks
I've reached my following limit for the day...sucks
damn .
Robert did bad?
Allen and Bernadette Hurley lived in Silver City with their baby and a roommatewho they, or just he, may have killed.
Allen may be insane.
Have a Good Night All!
I should charge my fitbit and get moving too ;
So many compliments on my Love Cortnie clutch from tonight!
Look for some new orders.
;
thank you for being a really great and wonderful friend jess
QoTD: It takes less time to do something right than to explain why it was done wrong.
and my mom left it at my house, which is even sadder
LOVIN DEATHLY HOLLOWS!!

If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries.' Lmao!
what's the biggest you ever felt?
I remember Pasadena in 1987.
Knocked out of bed and onto the floor.
6.7 mag.
you're Jordan: how often to you get bummed you didn't finish at .500?
If you have preexisting conditions, we can offer advice about the various plans that will offer you the coverage you require....
thanks bro!
Corporate earnings looking great so far!
KO GS JNJ IBM
you can garden all you want
Good series to get back on track!
Let's go Brewers!
why no answer?
And why must I pay 19.99  another 20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty and which does not work?
trackatheletesLEASTfavoriteline Break a leg
I'm a fan of both of you.
:
Thanks for the FF mention; have a great CRE weekend.
music in the AM, mountain freshness and beaches in the PM.
niiccee.
CNN confirms: Sanford, FL Police Chief Bill Lee will resign, after coming under fire for the handling of the TrayvonMartin case.
What the heck Facebook!
Just when you think you know where something is, they move it.
Spend time on privacy issues K?
Total blackout on syfy channel is an awesome show!
The pain in my leg is so great...
I'll be ok.
Asthmarelated.
Can u believe I'm still in the hospital right now?
Smh
When you feel embarrassed then ill be your pride, when you need directions then ill be the guide, for all times.
For all time.
Asking God to humble you is really dumb.
I hope your heart is broken many times because it means you would have loved many times.
I don't want to keep fighting for you when your just going to go back with her!
Behind my back
Phaedoctors The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
First impression is key in any interview  look polished, be confident and have a firm handshake
Great to meet people at conferences...
people whose work you've read, who advance the field, people you've otherwise only met on Tw!
Donations messaging what doesn't work: negative messaging, saying good donations are negative, claim org is an expert
is that really you?
that is amazing, how did you do that.
love it 3
RT : Fierce gay marriage debate betw Christie and Jonathan Capehart on Morn Joe.
Gov challenges Obama to declare his...
you have no idea how much it delights me to see the Vitamin S campaign slogan.
Visionary leadership for sure.
Thanks Kara!
I think ppl need exposure to diff causes til they find one that resonates.
Also be clear on what they want to give.
I depress myself.
.
I to say, it but I think I'm falling for you 3
Lmao.
That's funny.
Hope y'all have a good time :
I feel guitly that I haven't ever been to a GAME !!
Yea we'll all be doing it again this year
don't eat paper towels ...
it's...
it's just not good 4u
I wish I was somewhere 1300 miles away right now :
Many disagree but I think the Redskins are doing good things in the doctorft.
Time will tell...
I think my tv is sick of watching Toy Story too
did the team stay in L'ville or bus back to Lex ?
Damn good...
RETWEET TONY T mister BEAT IT UP MIXTAPE WILL doctorP ON DATPIFF.COM  5:00 BE READY TO DOWNLOAD START YA COUNTDOWN
I don't blame him if the NBA's all time greatest coach feels that way I know im not stupid feeling the same way as a fan
5 hours to go as a Saturday librarian.
After that, going downtown to see Wilco tonight.
So happy for you, buddy.
RT  Last day in Cleveland as we participate in 4th of July parade.
Look for me on TV mom.
After parade to Indians/Yankees g...
Oliver Twist
Watchin all the old seasons of Charmed I love this show!
IF YOU ARE FOLLOWING DIVERSITY PLATINUM...
DO YOU KNOW THE CARD IS ON SALE FOR PRIDE MONTH AT 19.95?
USE THE PROMO CODE BLPRIDE11 and SAVE!
Amen to that!
is shooting our entry for www.thereelchallenge.ca tomorrow night!
Celebrating the Canadian tv/film industry for
haha I'm down ;D shit might even taste better 
Thanks for spreading the word.
:
Make It In America :
Hey , when r u in Colleyville?
Happy mothers day to the beautiful she deserves the royal treatment
Quick: First 3 people to tell us a fun fact about armadillo's wins 2 passes to the Armadillo Christmas Bazaar!
Oh happy day!
: now if I can just get tweeted by you my life would almost be complete ;
Welcome  Congrats on your 1st bike purchase.
A thoughtful decision; one to never take lightly.
Take care.
Welcome to JERSEY GIRL COUTUREThis is a Women's owned Designer childoctorn custom clothing line.Getting closer..We may hit that 300 by Friday T
no need to get greedy
It never fails.....
Sitting here, chillin, listening to music and thinking about everything,
A mind is a terrible thing and so are eels
When we start doing good, don't y'all start ridin the steelers again
Snobs?
Please I was Lickin it up at Nassau Col.
in 80's
thank you for sharing that with us .
It brightened my day .
Bless you
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE cody do you have your song lyrics stuck in your head alot?
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
It didn't help that bullpen fried and Gallardo only went two innings yesterday
I would rather smoke
that is so true!
So we are going to so be doing some recording!
Do I hear mister Producer in the making Alexander?
Brendan Ryan isn't that kind of 2 hitter, ifyouknowwhatImean
: I love the smell of hardware stores.
If you don't, your missing out.
My brother is too funny!
Dear General Mills, My lil brother stop eating Kix a long time ago.
Sincerely Mikey.
Everyone is flipping out about the lottery.
I hate the lottery.
By the way, are you gonna finish that sandwich?
havent been on here in a min
teamfollowback Musicians, DJs, Radio Hosts, and Anyone Else in the Music Industry, follow me  , please.
i will fb
RETHINK REENGINEER AND REDEPLOY
it was good I doctorg test tomo..
:/
techville Ken Gay of LMG discusses production elements of 2012 Super Bowl halftime show...
7 minute loadin time?
No sweat.
I ain't afraid that good die young cause irl be living like a rockstar.
Heck yeah!
RT :Some pretty amazing team mates.
We won Gila today, we had to work hard for it, but that's the best way!
Is it time for Mad Men yet?
thought the same after rereading my post.
:
How may I help you sir ?
planning a big bday hangout with friends, if everyone could go, theres gonna be to many girls, and ik how that always ends up...FIGHT 
back to the weekly
k boo!
!!!!
We havveeee to stick to it!
Read the Label Challenge...30 Days I'll read record where the clothes I wear are made.
Todays outfit is mostly China, Taiwan  El Salvador.
And she didn't even respond to my tweet!
It is Wednesday so let me go check her timeline...
Hiccups suck
I probably have to figure out how to be interesting for Twitter to help me.
What a dilemma.
:
Rockvember in full swing.....
: check.
: Thursday.
my all time favorite Chuckie is on right now!
Seed Of Chucky!
Year by year the christmas is more shitty.
son Ima see you at the frisbee jaunt tomorrow hahaa
To get to the other side?
Wait, that's the answer to some other question.
Couldn't ask for anything more
National Thank a Teacher Day.
I thank mister Gabin who brought exciting handson experiments to our science lessons in 6th grade.
Btw, does anyone have a video of the music video of Time Of Our Lives??
I didnt get to see it:
misterKaradashin better get his act together.
Effing baby ...
Oh, me too love...
As soon as I get over this legal bs.
I'm so...
stressed.
I'm proud of you, and love you.
MM
RT SAA is the SXSW of the archives and library conference circuits!
/ Love that comparison.
Hipper shushers indeed!
Hope you're having a great weekend Heather!!
Thanks.
: ff love for some of our favs ..
My recovery seems to be going well...
I just hate being helpless and in pain
Damn dude at Least act like him haha
txfire src In Bastrop need shower chairs, transfer benches  walkers for elderly.
doctorp off at loc Starbucks 501 W.hwy 71
I'll have the wine from her tears  Michael Hutchence, ordering for his date
I can think of LOTS of uses for an odd/ tag.
But is there a definition?
Or do we make it up?
please with a cherry on top follow me, I love you so much
Good morning Milwaukee!!
We are still looking for an Ace web developer/creative for our digital  smartphone app needs.
Hey bro, I'm there on June 1st.
I'm tryin 2 setup a lil introduction listenin party in the Real World Suite at The Palms.
so, I can't follow you since you're private?
You know what else is good for counting the five girls you've slept with?
Your hand.
Hello Cecillia, how have everything been, I need to get your number again, send it to me on facebook.
Talk to you later
Ty for being an ambassador.
Have you taken a look at the menu for your restaurant?
Any ideas yet?
said it arrived to u yesterday punk!
At the addy u gave me!!!!
Find it!!!
apparently I know an embarrassing number of paula abdul song lyrics.
you are a class act!
Your momma should be proud!
Just living is not enough.
One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little  flower.Hans Christian Anderson
See our Ultimate 1/2 Price Burgers and Orange  Grapefruit Crushes 4close!
Wow,wow,wow!
glad I could introduce you to the hookah tonight
Boosie boo is free yea zoo
I thought EXACTLY the same thing earlier today.
RT  The new Toyota Prius commercial is creepy.
And not in a good way.
Pre Mother's Day fight about parenting...
Sounds about right.
lmao  u silly good luck with them match u
: A man who disrespects a woman doesn't deserve one.
attire for lunch!
check out the latest version on github.
It only links the image if there's an anchor wrapping the image.
is Child Invisible's first official follower!
:
never passed by my class yesterday so i could hit him with a paper
: My favorite thing is ugly, old, doctornk men talking about how often they cheat on their wives.
OMG!!!!
Poor girl!
FALSE.
You doctornk protein mix to enlarge and strengthen muscle tissue.
You can't gain muscle.
You on let's stay together episode when is your next cd coming 
For twitter followers only of course.....
niggga you better finish before June 7th!
I'm ready!
It's been one month since Trayvon Martin was killed.
Such a heartbreaking sorry.
I will be praying for his family today as they grieve.

Our magazine is VERY interested in interviewing DonOmar when he's performing in NYC.
We would love to know how we can proceed!
wut time u get off work!
meet me in cvs when u get off
One more point and they are out scoring the Niners?
Lol!
RT : Just got back from Halftime and the women score again...
70
I know!!!!
I can't believe it!
I'm coming home Thursday!!
WE see a path  we take it....
I mean great musicianship and all, don't get me wrong.
Just not my cup o' tea.
Great hangin' w ya at Looking forward to future opps w/
Tell me jokes.
please email my username
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Find out what happened during a 3 hr.
standoff this morning in Des Moines, plus how Miss Iowa is doing tnight!
Will be sitting down with tomorrow at the PlaybookBreakfast as he talks policy and politics.
very close
Learning Commons looks like it will be fabulous!!!
aasl11 i'll be there this afternoon to learn.
My heart break like I'm made of glass ..
Ha!
Are you kidding me?
He's a terrible actor!
His only good films were National Treasure
RT : April 23 at 7 PM EST engchat w/   Exploring Mentor Texts for Digital Writing.
Pls.
RT Interesting!
Matt Lindstrom was aiming to be the second Oriole booed today.
He got out of that predicament somehow.
Its better to talk things through.
Buying with other people or buying a newlybuilt or park home are some of the ways you can make owning a home more affordable.
: Flag football championships today, he's a gamer, he's a baller, play maker and a shot caller, and all he does is win
The tristate has been removed from the SLIGHT RISK for Severe Weather this afternoon.
58 days till my birthday whoop whoop geekin face o yea
Very proud of counter protest to WBC.
We showed why we are one of the most LGBTQ friendly campuses and most politically active!
Nice.
Rondo best pg in the league.
Definitely Won't hurt.
Thanks for the RT, Ken!

we could build it into a main show act one day.
A little bit of practice goes a long way
Uhm Belated Happy New Year!
I used to be FuckMeWill haha!
she always makes my day a little better with all of her bullshit on twitter.
Lol
IM the head of the motherfucken state NIGUHHH lmao
aw how preshh!
Tried to use the image of looking in disgust 's Cupcakes.
Sorry Jill, my inner fat girl won this time!
Get your arse to Threadgill's South to see Kri n Hettie right now, Austin!
Wow, thanks for the retweet Syd!
Enthusiasm gives life to what is invisible; and interest to what has no immediate action on our comfort in this world
I wish I could at least met Austin before he leaves for Miami now I have to wait another 6 months to have a chance ...
good thing about the satanic ritual to bring your twitter into view.
What makes the roller coaster go downhill.
I do  wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
We have a selection of graphic novels, with very divergent art styles.
I can't help but think it is the art that pulls the students.
Follow me?
:
: Is it bad that I still haven't taken the SAT or the ACT?
no bc u know youre getting lik a 32 on youre ACT
sup twitter !
Thk u 2 all that brought their MOM's by 2njoy an amzing Brunch!
Sty n touch 4more wonderful evnts  b sure 2 follw
skrewed myself over
1st speakerchild care costs going up will make her choose between work  caring for her child
Glad the National Championship game is two SEC teams: LSU 
Heat go down!!
Woo hoo
some girls are bigger than others, true.
we know a few or so.
lololololol please girl ; scary thing is ....
I really could ...
:/ scary thought lol I know
We will only reproduce what we are on the inside.
rely there not i promise
Just went to opening of the Dennis Hopper exhibit at MOCA.
Julian Schnabel curate and gave a nice speech on Hopper and the exhibit was great
...so when are u coming back??
;
sending a few sheep your way.
going to try to find a few of my own again : 'night!
Like it.
I feel likee I'm the ONLY PERSON op this latee .
RT : Basic analytics aren't measuring if someone is learning through SM
Today just flat out sucked
good looking out Hopester lol I appreciate it
my mom: i choke you you with tender love and care.
my mom lol
Not a funny joke.
Congrats on the NBA man.
U and Enes should be calling in Cleveland tho.
Thx for the final4 to.
BBN needed that
Never settle for the path of least resistance!
oh my god...
my body is ready XD lmao.
ahha, guess what?!
:
Stock market: Apple AAPL new cheaper phone announced today is BAD for the stock, will take away from lucrative iPhone margins!
Beware...
Ok dinner in tummy and Hawk gear on.
doctorP THE PUCK!!!
AH!
im so excited!!!
i love u so much it will be great i kno it!
u never fail to be amazing!
plz follow?
3 i love u so much
Nicely played!
I missed the story RE that Libyan woman!!
Is it one of your earlier tweets?
Affordable Family Vacations: Does the phrase affordable family vacations conjure up images of National Lampoon's Vacation, with C...
Thanks  we appreciate that!
Feel free to email me your company info for my clients at, : thx!
Come cheer me on tonight at The World Famous Comedy Store!
I will be competing with 64 comics for more stagetime on The Comedy Madness show.
Ur Ghetto: if u got sneakers hanging from ur telephone lines.
Ur looking at a pair wondering if they fit u, jumping with a very long stick.
Schools out for summer.
Schools out forever, out for summer, out til fall.
Oh wait, its fall.
Who else already misses summer?
A Camaro, a tattoo, AND Aqua Velva.
Sunjay is DEFINITELY from Rochester.
I have an idea for a replacement to illegal immigrant ...
Without Papers or ...
on second thought.
Loving AnnaDeavereSmith in Let Me Down Easy on PBS .
Onewoman show with 15 characters discussing the end of life.
see you soon 
S/O to all our followers.
keep shit movin...we on the come up this year!
RT : City Council Approves Mayor's Taxi Reforms  NBC Chicago  Chicago City Council approves mayor's taxi reforms: http......
The day when I wake up in your arms I thought it was a doctoram but it was real, now that you're so far from me, I doctoram to be in your arms..
Really nice cork.
Open Access Week.
you haven't taken the ECA yet?
RT : MUSIC HAS STARTED!
See you in the Park!
aye what's up text me some time please
Thank you for following us!
: Mention Twitter on your next visit  get: 10 OFF60 Minute Session 15 OFF90 Minute Session EXP : 091511
Get ready for 2012 the year of change whats up guys????
let me know what your opinions are for 2012!
I believe its time for a new change!
Whoa!
This game is too close for comfort!
C'mon
Apparently the movie Bully is not about a dog.
Who knew?
Lookn for a female to chill and have fun with.
Why do we have to talk about a relationship.
Didn't I just meet you like two days ago!
Sheesh
Nice use of She Sells Sancturay.
If only we could successfully harness the power of people spitting on Baltimore sidewalks, there'd be no need for offshore wind farms.
Good day tweets!
It is Friday!
Yes!
Australianowned Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks to axe 1400 jobs by 2015  Daily Mail
see if they will let you practice putting with a bed pan
Show your comic card to Mark or your server and receive a free appetizer with the purchase of your lunch.
GO BULLS!!
confessionnight I miss you
Another reason to NOT vote MT : Unity Rally scheduled for Wed with all Dem candidates for Gov cancelled by
I'll take Joe Biden's gaffes over Mitt Romney's anything!
is a cool duder!
Thanks so much for the follow Nate!
I'd be happy with a 3 on this doctorve.
music definition
I been on some fuck shit lately with these youngins.
I'm on it right now
i'm cuddly bitch, deal with it.
I was evem rejected when I volunteerd for Alien abduction.
Congrats to MOL artist Slow Hands...
playing DEMF this year!
Hash tag omg.
Naah I already did.
yes!
if I'm gonna die from an atmospheric ice cloud, I'm gonna go out doctornking expensive booze, listening to Mozart.
Oh, now they're saying the situation has been diffused.
Carry on.
Thanks!
This amazing photo was taken by big props to her for captainring the moment.
World AIDS Day.
Peace 2 1s who have passed.
Strength 2 1s living with.
Luck 2 1s working on a cure.
Thanks 2 1s who care for others with it.
There are 31 points of light that search engine spiders target...blogs, videos, etc.
Update content on at least one weekly.
Go Reds!
And Bailey please be a beast vs.
San Diego, which we all know what will farrell said in anchorman!
Discovered by the Germans
hope to see you at The Milwaukee Opener!
you mess with my alcohol and it's OVER!!
i notice when people i follow on twitter change their avatar because it's unfamiliar.
i prefer to keep the same one up for awhile
J.
Noah has officially been ruled out for Game 4 vs 76ers
hanging out in the chiquitos I worked in 15 yrs ago in my NW Lundun hood!!!
Old skool!!!
Memories...memories...memories ;
Encouraged them to utilize social media to connect with leaders in their field and to develop their own reputation through selfbranding.
Do I have to go home tomorrow?
So sad, I love Arizona!
:
Watched The Voice last night.
What's the deal with Christina Aguilera ?
jesse
Countdown...RT Cannot wait for Night Heist where will have a surprise appearance from !
I need your number asap.
We need to have an I hate school chat
Sorry I don't accept people named ItszYoo' BoiiKriisz'
Not enough movement on the PP allowing Caps to cut off passes and pressure puck carriers.
Too much emphasis on point shots.
Wings All Over Milwaukee!!
Wing Special at WestAllis  Milwaukee locations all day today!!
Traditional Jumbo and Boneless!!
GOOD MORNING Y'ALL
Thanks for the link!
Niggas be lazy in the trap always grabbing my shit
It didn't take years of made up conversations with people for me to support gay marriage.
Hooray for low standards for cool politicians.
Manhattan Monologue Slam tonight!
is on the panel!
Have A Great Day N.
A Good AM to all my Followers.....
I really want to under this woman at Walmart that's not wearing a bra.
Show some love for the ones who past away
Probably a hover board.
10:00 news story: what you need to know about buying Llamas from the side of the road.
I love New Mexico.
thanks girl.
You were my first birthday wish, lol
Can I please just go home and snuggle with my covers for the rest of the week?
She's STILL chomping on that gum!
20ThingsAboutMe 8.
I hate bugs like spiders, roaches, etc.
but yet I love things like snakes.
fucklogic xD
And that's totally fine.
RT : ProTip: Unless your name is The Fonz there will always be someone cooler then you.
not surprised you are having a beverage
Fighting the urge to eat unhealthy.
Getting back to my size 3 !
this sucks.
Welcome backwe're so glad you'll get to try Balsan.
Thanks again for a wonderful set of photos from your RIA dinner.
Please allow me to introduce myself....
Figuring out what character slug to use for a monster posing as a nowdead character.
Thank you for developing the lists.
Dan Porter, CEO of OMGPOP mentioned , which helps you unsubscribe to junkmail by taking a pix of the mail.
Super
is cracking me up!
Have always thought she was a great actress but had no idea she was so funny!
LOVE her!!
Not as much since they found something that works.
RT : T4 How important is it that they retain a startups mentality?
The editing kinda sucked too
what's wrong with it bro is it torn?
damn i need more followers
so you think you hott shit now ?
hump, ngga you just warming up.
Creating the user flow and interface for contestants to enter a facebook application that I have been working on.
Russell and Scott Johnson will round out public testimony.
Court will deal with apple in its executive session.
GenXers  do you associate yourself with the stereotypes of our generation?
Why/why not?
I alwayss think ill wake up 30 mins to get breakfast at the bagel shop but instead I go back to sleep.
YOU LIKE MIKE AND IKES?!
At fenway tonight.
Catch me on NESN in my brown paper bag.
beforeigotsaved i was afraid of everyone seeing through my lies.
GUYS.FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
Its a Christmas beach day here so I went for a run on the sand.
Your move, Santa.
It's hard to keep on trucking when you ride a moped
And I'll never hit a woman never in my life 
Have you guys heard of texting?
Yes, I quite enjoy swing dancing.
:
Wanna eat n crawl in bed wit 
ain't that just the problem with feelings?
FACEBOOK under Victoria way TWITTER send a personal message THANK YOU contact me from 3:00 to 7:00
haha thank you!
yeah she hates us.
Y ?
Idk shes an old crazy ladyy
I tweeted 80 times yesterday!!
You cant tell me he didnt see it!!
:/
team is at Antonio's Nut House in Palo Alto..
Do you want to confess
New bathroom, 1st floor of Reiss.
The Pit some great graffiti
But to be fair, some Democrats also voted against it.
I'm not sure this is all Republicans fault man.
I'm worried about it, but I've always been trying to save like it wasn't going to be therebut many others don't have that luxury.
Coal Jam
My hashtag from now until graduation  one month away!
Totally sucked in to 'the killing.'
Plus KG and Tim playing the best ball they played in 2 yrs ...
Q: What is the diffrent between a girl and a cellphone...?
A: You can put a cellphone on silent.
We need more days like today.
ALL MY FOLLOWERS!, PLZ FOLLOW plz?
no homo
Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better
hey  are you down?
our client is freaking out!
is going to be on blog tv today?
if so are you going to be there?
will be back in the studio on Friday :
in line
If you love pizza stop by Salute.46 East Superior.
50 off all pizzas every Sunday!
Open patio and great wine selection.
IK!!
GEY YOUR SEXY PERVY HORNY ASS BODY ON TWITTER!!!!
Originally, a remix only used elements from original master tapes  it didn't add new stuff.
discussion about membership: in case of a consortium, should it be encouraging member libraries to have librarians join KUDOS?
can a tree loving hippie like me be in love with dance music?
YES ABSOLUTELY!!
Half asleep watching a fairly odd parents marathon.
Happy mothers day, eh?
Had to listen to Jay Z to uncheesify myself.
You successfully stepped away from the dark side.
Don't go back 
Make sandwiches, not war
The official doctorft party, at Tavern Downtown  Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here tonight!
lol that's cute.
yes ma'am, i'm always down to run especially now that it's summer.
i have lots of free time
:  The hair is standing up on my arms!
I thought you would be sleep young man...
Who has the only hit for me today.......
TABATA of course!
dey cant have no bad girls club in compton cuz everybody will die b4 the reunion
the dazzling and heartbreaking Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?
by Jeanette Winterson
HAHAH ; love you
Happy New Years everyone!
Get to work on those resolutions!
don't try to kill the baby hoe!!!!
Trying to swagger jack my Queen who been in the game for over ten years love mixtape!
incantation.
I couldn't watch the funeral, smh.
She was the soundtrack to my childhood, and YA life
So sorry to hear of the passing of your Grandma.
Search for properties today at www.byronbrown.georgiamls.com!!!
i had my healthy oatmeal 2 hours ago.
9AM otter pop.
yay!!
us 4 are gonna party :
Kicking off the panel by placing the kabash on the use of sterile buzz words.
Gosh, I remember fondly the last time the Browns fans got ecstatic about doctorft power moves...
2012 OVERTHROW and ESTABLISH!
First Things First!
Don't wait.
The time will never be just right.
Napoleon Hill
looking forward to the tweetup this afternoon HAPPY Friday!!!
And I hope the sunshines and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, you wish you would have stayed...
how long has he been in college?
Scottie Reynolds thinks its been forever.
And Aaron Craft is still at OSU?
What?
And yet more Inspirational
More of whatever you want, Dave.
yep, they have to be knee length and approved by bill
It has been a great day.
kids  I made breakfast in bed 4 their mom, played her fav board game, made her fav dinner  about 2 watch survivor
Nice!!!
We are so glad we helped your husband to be healthier!
;
missed that .
My bad.
What a beautiful weekend!
Spring has sprung!
What are you doing to enjoy the weather?
Hudson got a sad face for talking in class.His excusemy brain messed up.It was in the purple pipe I don't know what that means.
Very sad news to hear Milwaukee media journalist Tim Cuprisin has passed away.
Always enjoyed reading him.
God is always good and caps won positivetweet lets take game 7 
I need some pops today!
be sure to give us details so we can support!
rock it!!
: Heading out for a morning ride on the big red machine ironman triathlon marathon imny
Today is the day that comes around once a year and get to play all the FIFA he wants!
Celts team D turns into offense, but wow Koebe won't is single handedly keeping LA in this game
just finished War Room.
Good read.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
Buckeyes hangin in there but need to step it up 2nd half.
Kansas looking pretty solid.
sign the petition at www.fallingwhistles.com for a specialenvoy and freeandfair elections in Congo
Attempting to host playgroup at ballpark.
Any corporations w/a suite want to sponsor the moms/babies for a day game?
please?
: U ever notice the prettiest women have the loudest burps?
oh gosh I can burp very loud 
In a shitty mood
IM READY FOR SUMMER
: Tony Siragusa channeling his inner Tony Sparano with the shades.
TheFuturesSoBright  I just said the same thing to Megan!
OMG I'm going on a healthy detox starting Sunday...
I'm feeling so run down, and this headache is kicking my azz.
Meds aint working...
Everything sounds romantic in a foreign language, no matter what is said.
Getting glasses next week!
Baby something bout you and i333
once again your wronnggg
Thats is amazing!
This dog is such a cutie too!
:
no longer owns a ps trey
I will be Presidency 5 in Orlando, Fla on September 22,23  24 2011 stealing the show.
Hope to everyone there.
www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Moreno with a little Edwin Moses there
.
opened and the turn out was INSANE.
Their launch was based on social media without a single print ad or TV spot.
It is gonna be cray cray!!!
And thumps will provide beast music
Looking forward to our live rematch tonight  admit it, you're feeling nervous, right?
BTR 10pm/CT
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her.
Michael Jackson
Zack Simmons is the teats!
Q2 Socializing costs .
Ideas for getting around that?
5  one day's food.
It's hard to justify fun at the expense of eating.
Umii opens office in Sau Paulo
i bet it was..
i just went to wendys..
just saw the couple on campus still holding hands.
Kickin it strong I am impressed
Wake the fuc up America!.
Chgo Metra Rock Island currently in announcementoverlap hell.
Entire trip.
captainve audience !
permission for lazy, annoying, awful.
DOUGH RAISING NIGHT FOR SPECIAL OLYMPICS!
This Wednesday, all Papa Murphy's locations donating 20 of Wednesday's sales to Special Olympics.
It is what it is It was what it was.
Apparently I don't remember, but I just found out that I was a state champion in gymnastics one year.Why did I not stay in it?????
Thanks!
What would you like to discuss?
get ouffa that thing...
God luvs me and thts why im ss happy i owe it all to him :
Banana ricotta chocolate chip bundt cake baking away.
Excuse me, I'm just going to sit by the oven and inhale.
yay i know!!!
I'm so happy for him!!!
I was celebrating haha : love !
I am making pancakes and watching spongebob, my life is a waste of youth
So Ringer got cancelled?
Lol its funny looking at the german boy on willy wonka and having a german sitting next to me
I disagree w/ chuck there  correct me if I'm wrong.
But Jordan wasn't ask to check some1 as explosive as Westbrook this late n the career
Cal is so cute  he can never say Toyota quite right.
:
Is it me, or does the Subway flatbread song sound like Phish.
All except, you don't need a lot of cash.
I'm a couple days late...but Happy Chinese New Yearthe year of the doctorgon.
Have you seen the Lego doctorgon at Downtown Disney yet?...
you was going to p.a ?
o.O
What's gd u do that track yet dog?
your the best...
i love u
confession I'm probably one of the craziest people you'll ever meet.
I need to upgrade my DVDs collection.
Need new
Fuck the Heat Bulls all day thank
What are the top ten priorities for starting a new high school?
I'm waist deep in social media for a client
np 'What the water gave me' Florence  The Machine
When do games times come out for non conference games, specifically U of L
Glad to see you here!
Thanks!
wow.
haven't been on this account in a while.
Yeah, we are thinking about it!
To my random followers, please stick around!
I sometimes have witty things to say.
i forgot your invitation :/
Crafters make Pinterest a community meeting place
thanks guys  couldn't do it without you!
that's my job.
Please let me know of other great people  stories that you see out there.
JG
I can't stand that shit that the reason why all I listen to is rap lol.
Nd yeah she's not that bad but there better
Game time!!!
Wade!
Just finished performing concert!
Amazing crowd and energy!!
Encore?!
Perhaps later :  Poreotics
When people get on the subject of my ex:
Hey brothers, good luck getting the twitter account going!
Damn Proud, Dave Rutley '93
I'm definitely tired of this same junk.
It's time to take a break from HU and it's time for summer
Come eat pie over here.
oh ok
they're out of blintzes...too bad, too bad...
Fox's 25th Anniversary Special.
Admit it.
You're watching it too.
In 1960 it was thought know animal but humans knew how to use tools ...
until Jane Goodall saw a chimpanzee to use grass as a tool.
EOE
i do!
that doctornks no sense...and hurts my brain
it's 5o'clock here  go for it!
Salud!
Inflation hasn't ruined everything
wheres the invite :
Wish sample is up !
check it out and tell me what you think !
dont forget to hashtag this on twitter for me !
GetAustinToSeeJBsPicture !
Happy Joe's is still better.
Yum indeed.
The conscience side is quickly catching up.
Was very disheartened to see the way players reacted to the Bountygate suspensions.
lmao obviously we dont get enough credit cuz we STILL gotta circle Other on our applications nd shit
Everyone wants to.
;
Levain is in NYC on West 74th St.
just off Amsterdam Ave.
Thanks and congrats 5th annual OnSite Program.
Great support from  Common Ground Foundation.
Awesome students.
Happy Monday twitter world!
Did any of you get outside and enjoy this weekend's sunshine?
Send us your pictures
OMFG.
YEE THEY ARE GONNA PLAY IT AGAIN :D
threewordsforyou Facebook is gay
She thinks she's a rottweiler!
lol
When my eyes are closed I see from who u truly r, which is OOOGLY!
Random thought: Rick Santorum got out of the race for the same reasons everyone does: Ran out of Money and faced certain defeat.
is 1 for 1 in the New Year's resolution battle.
2008  Buy a House ...
2009  Get in Shape!!
What an amazing day!..truly perfect..I'll sleep well tonight...
Thanks for the mention!
Can't wait to share all of our new amenities and share the native plant love with our guests this...
tired today :
hello darlin :D
TURNOVERS BABY
Walking the dog, its a beautiful day :
I know, I always act like I'm fine.
Nobody's know what i really feel in this place, NOBODY T.T
very excited about 'Terminally Single'!
HUGE Shout out  Thanks to the customer that brought us Bagels straight from New York!!!
Made our morning!
You are so sweet.
Thank you!
damn get yourself to a concert!
in da meantime you should check out dis one!
RT: There's a reason why people like you and I find each other.
Regardless of what it is, I feel it's no accident.
At Urban Prep's School Speakinq
Great quote!
RT : Do you love me?
means Do you see the same truth?
Ralph Waldo Emerson as quoted by C.S.
Lewis
fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, fuck you!
for the forum
Tuh all we need is a MG in nyc, and u would see em again, lmfao.
Everyday isn't like Sunday Morrissey!
There are days the sun comes out as well.
You need a hug or I need to listen to more Hall  Oates.
All these chicks they getting raunchy at the same damn at
more is not always better
You turned your back on tomorrow Cause you forgot yesterday
too busy to keep up sometimes!
been in the classroom  wonderful
hurry up lol check out maowali on youtube and watch my vid lol
Tired of trying to get to follow me...
you better just not be a cock block lol you shit head
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The Brig  Pub
Walking to 711 to satisfy my sweet tooth.
Skittles and Reese's
Just went to luncheon Navigating Change Through Effective Communications  best advice was how to get an invite to The Table
RT Dunning: LTNY  inability to forecast WED, FEB 1, 2012 spend  fallacy.
Maybe I should go to sleep early?
hahaha
haha right?!
It would be just perfect
There's this big giant fire ball in the sky that's going to kill us all!
Pride idol auditions.
Lets go!
This crazy is in the monkey cages!
Lmao!
This sounds like a good idea.
who's winning this week?
Laura Bush makes plea for continued accountability
Enough prime rib to kill a dogg.
Sickest mashup dj out there!
That's awesome!
How are you doing this week?
Hope you are feeling better every day!
With every award Adele wins, L.L.
Cool J's dimples get bigger.
:
Happy May Day, everyone.
I'll never know and you refuse to tell your wife
yeah i'm watching it :
Please tell your friends to follow me so that I can continue getting word out about my upcoming single and video!
Thanks!
Finally going home
tweet me
As the sun warmed western Loudoun this morn, the valley fog gently rose over the Ridge.
Sunlight broke thru, spotting the greenery under.
I felt just like this movie at that time
: The awkward moment when you laugh hysterically at something no one else found funny.
A Woman may not cheat on a Man she loved.
But best believe she have a rebound Man, waiting for her to say hello.
Roger Sterling on LSD
: Quote: He who strikes the first blow admits he's lost the argument.
Chinese Proverb HA!
So true!
yes but being realistic Lakers will only win series if they soundly beat Thunder tomorrow.
that home crowd for OKC is unreal
And all the ones before said that they would take care of you well really wanna take care of you girl!
FOLLOW me i FOLLOW BACK!!!!
weekendupdate  this weekend was actually pretty fun yaaaay
Old guy on Grindoctor You're very cute.
Me: You're very old.
Him: Ouch..
Me: Oh I thought we were stating the obvious..
Him: block
ACA opposers joined us in singing America the Beautiful
Grumble in your tummy?
We have an Old School breakfast to fix that.
mke let's step up our shoveling and plowing game
I wanna cut one every single day so....welcome to the club!
Hey, how's The Violator?
Still violating?
If Shane wins, there will be NO Mayweather fight!
Child YES.
I'm spreading the word c;
Warrior Dash!!!
So excited!!!!
Best display  brewed cafe
Today, don't rush through your inner preparations as you get ready to set down a piece of your soul on life's canvas.
Sarah Ban Breathnach
if they make it out of the east they will....
Can you say flyers/ kings finals!!!!
BCSO: I40 Eastbound over the Rio Grande is being opened after a 7 hour closure.
You got a new grill?
is back at www.3cpdx.com.
Welcome back to health through chiropractic, Portland!
love your hatter hair!
I've always respected you since I saw you in ROH but today you have gained even more
happy birthday :
Oh, I DO like the new professorle pages for
Once student gets an award at a CA commcollege, income doubles.
:  .
So I just called my momma and asked where she at..
She said I beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap nicca!
I hung up.lol
I'm eating a ring pop and it reminded me of how when I was in sixth grade I'd take a picture with one of them in my mouth, LMFAO.
well, we love you!
AGirlDeserves A boyfriend that will text her every morning  night and reminds her that she's better than all the other girls.
Hahaha you have to break it on ;
OMG.
I HAVEN'T TWEETED 4EVER!!
: lol I know silly goose unless u gonna pay me.
That's mean.
I'm normal height now!
If a dyslexic person is also cross eyed can they read perfectly??
Loved your Nightwoods review.
...lowlevel fever that runs alternately warm and chilling captainres it exactly.
RT : Besides benefitting from fresh produce, gardening is great for your health by reducing stress  anxiety!
Looking at the new movies coming out, the next couple years.....
On train.
Person next to me talking on phone about how to pitch a story to my employer.
So strange!
Worries growing about commercial real estate Delinquency rates at hotels, office buildings have more than doubled
On the island was such a great book :
Yet again he blogged obscure and enigmatical
Just watched war artist Allan Harding Mackay's POWERFUL protest against the Harper gov't as he destroyed his artwork on
Another Smithsonian Craft Show exhibitor on Twitter is If I missed any, please tweet with finecraft hashtag so we can find...
i can't say my day was great anymore .
Fools gold on stage now with wicked guitar riff opening
I'm Loving my life every day, Because cause i know god is by my side
are offering rides from ABQ to Santa Fe this evening.
Leave a message here if you want to try to line something up.
Sunday Brunch Milwaukee!
Blue Ribbon at its best: three fluffy beer batter pancakes served with scrambled eggs and sausage 9
What are you talking about?
Happy Bday Gunner Sixx!!
you have lots to be proud of Nikki : Have a awesome day!!
I'm ova here tweak'n.
It aint nothing on tv man
ChickenKievbreaded chicken breast stuffed w/butter, pan fried to perfection, served w/buckwheat or mash potato.
NashaRashaNYC 
so excited!
Can't wait.
Love your work!
what pool were you at?
Your eyes realized what your mind didn't see .
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
The running theme for every mtg last 3 weeks: certificates/dual auth on mobile.
Broken record
YAY!
RT : Thank you for watching the Kickstarter vid  for your kind words!
Shooting at the end of June  so soon!
Huge congrats to and his Carroll Pioneers defeating 1 seed Lake Forest in MWC tournament today!
ARE YOU GUYS ALIVE?
If you are an indie musician, what is your biggest challenge w/ marketing your videos on youtube?
Great to see you here!
Love your work and was excited to learn recently that we went to the same high school.
We are advocates and if we can make things happen, that's what leadership is.
Thanks for sharing.
no problem and good luck.
So cute!
Enjoy your family: Condolences.
Xmas Tweets: Crashed car into a wall on the news.
Mom is commenting on the doctorpes.
Hey, cutie pie.
I'm so behind on Twitter that I missed your tweet about my WIP.
Sadly, I've made no progress.
bad writer!
Stanford's pgmclass and nlpclass are finally live!
Can't wait
Yo im so bored today n yesterday have been the most boringest days ever !!!!
:  I wanna see that boy again his cute3
Enjoy the little things in life :
Colombian president calls for French journalist's release.
Another theater play looking for good advertising and promotion of government.
just got chills watching the HarryPotter 7 part 2 sneak peek!!
Lololo this language???
LololRT : Yeah I ain't gone make it thru this!!!
BRANDY welling up already!
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Spent the day kayaking at La Jolla Shores  saw two HAMMERHEAD SHARKS!
I stayed in the kayak!
I am doing really good its my bday I am going to have fun
Just to give everyone the memo blocked calls to my phone  no answer..
grow the hell up n call me with out blocking it if u wanna talk to me
Tom Miller says: Don't forget to show your support for walking in City Hall.
Exactly.
I'm all for exploring on my own, but I love my life too.
RT Some things you should leave to the pros!
I could hold you forever
I'm tired of keeping shit Lowkey :/
BECAUSE MY TEACHER TOLD ME TOO
stay tuned..
upcoming..
and updating...
2stories!1  my child 's brain cancer story.
how can we improve our county the AMERICAN WAY
its not easy...
Um....awesome
I hear that.
I only have an hour to blow!
and  thanks for the RT.
Enjoy your weekend!
BBTN he has a name.
It's Cinco.
whycantyoujust make me some empanadas AGAIN!?!
:p
missed you more!
Naming my first child karate tecate.
AWKWARD CAPS LOCK IS AWKWARD
It's almost impossible to be an attractive female  have heterosexual male friends
Orig music of Chancel Choir  Orchestra will LeadMe Back To Bethlehem Church LaMesa!
2 performances 5  7pmFree
Hello jobby jobs.
Where are you hiding?
Appreciate the s/o!!
Dear , cool cars look like penises.
Your car looks like a scrotum.
What is the first thing you notice about a person when you meet him or her?
you are the chocolate chips in my cereal bowl.
Why am I going out right now?!!
I know!
Had to post it; Nice to see you again:
Jackie will be on live with John Zimney on 95.3FM, MNC at 8:10AM!
Be sure to start your day with MNC's finest political commentator!
Happy birthday to my lil sister, , my special sauce :
well saying tres compositoras Latinos would be sufficiently vague.....
Got my blue screen again!
Life has ups and downs its what you do about when you are down or how you deal with it
Time to PTFO.
DEUCES!
: Switched seats hoping that the phillies can get something going.
Keepingthefaiththey need a miracle!
Annie!!
3
We have a SMALL store, but BIG discounts!
Why pay more?
We sell name brand furniture for a whole lot less than the big guys!
Join GEMINI this Saturday, April 14th, 10pm1am  Rehab Bar and Grill on Indys southeast side.
GoodMorningWorld !
Time for me to Introduce myself to you !
I wish the ebook ToC in your bestofs named the author with the story title; it'd make for a lovely experience.
Up early working out listening to Beenieman  Jamaican ting
Have you heard of DogTV?
Our friends in SoCal have been telling us about it.
Ok 16 hours of this is enough.
Finally leaving work.
I need a beer!
Lol I just spent 10 minutes looking for my earrings and they were.....in my ear.
Smh 
Heading to Waukesha tonight to cover the U.S.
Senate republican candidates debate.
7pm at Expo Center.
Thanks.
: We actually skipped the zoo  went to the Night Safari instead.
The fire show was amazing!!
Digital doctorpIn experts are ready  waiting to solve all your digital history problems now!
Exhibit Hall D.
Our prayers are for  with you, William Mosley of Northwestern State basketball.
Among the sad stories this weekend.
The Lord is our refuge
So and almost broke my ankle
I'm off to have St Particks Day dinner with my parents.
Corn beef and cabbage!!!
Yum
SinceImBeingHonest Most of my problems in life are selfinflicted.
Most of yours are, too.
Got money.
That awkward moment when the person youre talking about on your Facebook status likes that status.
Daylights saving time tomorrow, dont forget to spring forward!!
RT : Thx for visiting today!
Great tips for PR peeps.
was gonna go myself in the morning lol fuck college just come with I need a gym friend
damn yoo.
well let me see if i get someone with a car
I'm in the hospital in the AC.
my little brother and his girl friend are so cute together lol
At the California Genealogical Society today, presenting What if the Oral History is Wrong?
1 pm.
Free to public.
AP: Lugar loses Ind.
GOP primary to tea party rival
At sparklin image
Red line fun flash mob on thurs 2/16 at 5pm stay tuned for details!
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you think 2Chainz lyrics are deep.
TOO MANY MONDAYS, NOT ENOUGH SATURDAY NIGHTS by Brad Wolf, out in only 1 week  already getting airplay!
My spirit is gone...
think I'll take myself out tomorrow before work to a nice lunch.
Need a different scene for a minute.
They still ya whole sound that's a
Double header tomorrow.
yeah, it's a video game type of day
Do it or stop talking about it!
Delano Johnson
haha this happens all the time with me!
:p
Yeah, that's what I was referring to.
I think it's my favorite of their albums, honestly.
If we are who we are,who the hell are you?Cause that's not the you that you used to be!
Get your Thursday night thrills at the Underground Wonder Bar tonight!
8pm10:15.
www.undergroundwonderbar.com
Definitely.
: Huge deal for Cain todayGiants lock up a talented young pitcher, but is he worth the ?
SFGiants
Things that suggest you've given up: sweatpants, word clouds.
Headed to Atlanta, then to the 'ship bitches!
Just signed a contract for Book 4!
Due one month after Book 3.
Prayers welcome.
: 
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's 66 most inoovative events pros!
love the title Hummingbird at my window for your next song!
That's an entirely different discussion: patient hand offs.
It's great to meet a fellow health/medical writer.
now following ...very interesting tweets!
If diamonds are a girl's best friend and a dog is man's best friend, who really is the dumber sex?
640K ought to be enough for anybody.
Bill Gates, 1981
beer lovers in Seattle!
Head to Georgetown Brewery for 6 growlers!
So cheap  delicious.
quite the deal !
I'm looking for a studio apartment or 1 bdoctorapartment somewhere around the northern 610 area
Looking forward to some playoff hockey tonight  it's not the Frozen Four, but it'll do
i totally just blew on my bite of ice cream to...warm it up?
not really sure...
Kit Hinrichs, will you hire me!
It seems like you are one of only a few designers out there that focus on what is really important in design
Someone should talk to me this car ride is boring :c
LessAmbitiousNovels Fear and Loathing in Peoria.
Looking forward to seeing speak today!
sweet!
I will totally try !
School was ok
nope, it's not unbelievable to think that!
that's probably their goal, I'll remember the name, very effective add I thought
Another big shoutout to !
Thanks for bing my 999th follower!
SUch a big number  lol!
Thanks!
:D
Whew, you were about to lose all ur street cred in makingitrain!!!
Anyone that has knows an expert on the War of 1812, give me a shout and let me know.
Starting a childoctorn's nonfiction book on that topic.
thanks guys!!
im past my following limit
Unplugged seems to be a real crowd pleaser.
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us last night at FM!
are you playing this weekend?
I thought you were, but now don't remember where.
We're looking for a social media manager/intern.
No pay, but we'll try to comp you in other ways.
Email us:
Some customers really are the nicest people.
Work is going great today.
IMO Oracle's new Weblogic 12c lacks vendor neutral cloudcomputing deployment features.
the NYPD spying on Muslims.
No one can flip flop that big.
Can they?!
Dont miss out on great live music for free today at the Adams Avenue Street Fair  Keep warm with Coffee from Lestats  3343 Adams Avenue
If you own more than one bass flats should be on one of them.D,Addario Chromes are a good choice.lower tension,great sound.
how have I not?
I made u agree that anything on the TL is fair game nd DMs should be saved for personal things
Cleanse w/ caution!
RT What a fruit juice cleanse does to your body.
It involves shrinking muscles and diarrhea:...
The theme for tonight is don't let anybody trick you.
There's a lot of that going on everywhere you go.
you lucky ducky!
Count is on till im in miami for another weekend c ya all 2morow at the Louis
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
I have an exam tommorow, can you please wish me good luck?:3
But not for signings, I just wanna see them again before the show :
let's text, DM this dude your math.
m/
: Why don't we just dance?
LOVE THAT SONG
im dne talken to my so called friend dats why im beaten her ass tommorow
Big thanks to Eamon for making Tshirt Revival a big hit!
Your designs are amazing!
Wow!
Gracias!
Finally!
Olive Garden!
Beautiful!
Thanks for that!
MT Hey Baltimore!
We're playing Otto Bar tonight w Flock of Dimes, aka Jenn bomb ass Wasner.
So excited.
you rip me off ur love was cheap....3
All my studio time just stopped just now when Pretty Ricky's spoke
There used to be so much than u left I cryed, my heart died, I was left alone depressed,u didn't care, so thank u for making me stronger
There is nothing stopping them from killing Herschel and taking over that farm
happy of happiest hour now till 9pm.
2 Miller bottles and 3 Rails.
Late night happy hour 9pm to close.
Patio open get that vitamin D!
Very European looking road their at
Likewise!
I wish I had more time...
Brewers win!
And Bob Uecker sounds like he doesn't care...No emotion and he didn't even say Brewers win..weird.
I'm STRONG enough to be independent, FREAKY enough to keep my man sexual satisfied  SMART enough to make my own money!
Today is the 90th anniversary of the 19th amendment giving women the right to vote
Safe to say I will have on my tv all day at work until we get to the bottom of this Tebow jets doctorma
Super excited providing cupcakes for exclusive media reception!
BabyBashBling can't wait!
I just seen in person, that Azz so nice I seen 34 niccas standing outside they door watching her walk by, speechless lmao
I Did My Nails Cute:
The challenge is: How do you mobilize people for an eventual election, and all the meetings leading up to it?
I'm thinkin and both bout to make history and avg tripledoubles as we marchthruMarch on our way to
I always leave the eye doctor's office feeling like an incompetent mole.
One and Two, and Three and Four are all ALIKE.
RT : Tip of the day: New to AZ?
We have rocks.
Check coverage.
And dust storms!
Grew up in AZ.
Not windshield friendly!
My pleasure!
should look at his metions ;
Wow rain rain rain in late Dec in Atlanta, that is unusually.
But lets be grateful bcause I recall not 2 long ago we had a serious doctorught.
Errbody fake so I got real 4 sale
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Mother's Day sweets!
Coffee gets addicting, and you never notice until that one morning when you don't have any :
Somewhere, someone, is asking themselves how can we blame this on Obama
why am i still awake ugh.
Watching my favorite boys do work!
Go Green:
I got all sorts of doctorams and fantasies going on...I make them come true though through hard work and determination.
I am but a poor and lowly adjunct, but life is too short to sleep on sheets with a low thread count.
Ouch  RT : Pawngo doctorpped off 900 pounds of Butterfingers today in Copley Square in Boston with a sign that said Thank...
Will definitely have to check you out!
I have always explored downtown, might as well get adventurous and head NW!
lol.
;
Love to connect for coffee sometime.
A lot going on and some opportunities to discuss.
I'm sharpening my ninja blades now.
White trash themed gay bingo timmmmeeeee.
I'm sporting a black bra w/a wife beater.
Best I could do lol
Bruegger's Baked Fresh has free wifi for iPad.
Coffee and bagels too...yum!
Loved being a ipad teacher today.
you keep complaining about the simplest things that everybody goes through.
it's not the end of the world for you dear.
shut the hell up pls
I am always sad to say goodbye to my classes.
Thanks for a great semester!
for the record, doubt there is a maple syrup out there that's 'not to love.' Good to know it's vegan.
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of March Madness.
NCAAristotle
If I Die Tomorrow it would be in New York City NYC YES
Finished my last full day of Junior year.
thank god
It sux that that I fall asleep early, wake up 9 hours later n still tired as fk...wats up wit that?
Now getting ready to make beats and record some music.
Shunt'e is getting ready!!
Not in that kind of mood today.
great win last night HIFI!!!!!
Deep inside the memory banks, right next to the dead brian cells, were all my misery  pain dwell, just thinking reminds me of that hell....
MT : Thanks to all the speakers  those who participated today.
It was whole lot of info  great discussions.
Jazz is...community / unity / inclusiveness.
the same people you see coming up is the same you will see if you fall down!
But it won't be all good then!
Thanks Diana.
i appreciate that.
Long day.
Wonderful stuff.
Now, I'm will enjoy some powdered donuts with tea  Netflix.
:
Just recorded a story about my first encounters with recording and fair use for
I hate my wednesdays.
Having a beer after a long day at work.
The jukebox is reminding me of the greatness on Pearl Jam's Ten album.
Wow McD and UMD grad HewardBey goes in round one.
What a nice surprise for him!
Saw today : pretty cool!
Miss you girll!
No matter what, last night was still the best night of my life.
Well sorry to say you were right about the Bears today and yes the oline was terrible.
I thought ALL scoring plays reviewed!
is he still cool with me moving in?
Lol!
Thank you : RT Good luck to my pal He finally found Nemo, so tonight, I hope he finds a KO too :
In class....
these kids are nuts!!!!
This week is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month on steroids.
There are more commemorative events than it is humanly possible to attend.
Happy Earth Day San Diego!
Why not carpool to tonight's game?
Be a little green and save some green on parking!
UGH even tho i lost too much weight already , i guess off to the gym with the amigos to stay in shape yeaa boii
Looking forward to meet and food politics
Thx  I knew you'd have my back on this!
Me and Arturo just got conned out of 30 in one game at a carnival.
I just wanted a fucking giant tiger man.
Might have.
I was watching Pushing Daisies and then it disappeared.
:
Now a proud member of SAG!
your twitter acct is compromised and sending out phishing DMs.
Time to change passwords!
LOL would be proud..
Except if you're gonna name doctorp might as well use famous people, not washed up braves ;
is gay!!!
Haha my day has been made.
you're not shocked, just disappointed, right?
I believe if someone steals your identity they should be in danger of acquiring some of your debt, as well as your assets.
FF Because this lesbo 1.
Is from South Carolina.
And, 2.
She has nice teeth, and all of them.
:
Applying for student teaching..
too bad it's a year later than I'd hoped.
Oh well
Wow.
Vancouver scores the only goal with just over 18 seconds left.
Lead Boston 10 in
Watching acdc live going to a railroad day parade im in it with chicagos mayer omg
LOL at the fact that my first day of training turned into me being an expo for five and a half hours.
i dont know!
we have too many inside jokes!!!
:
It's cool that i'm studying issues at school that are relevant to the countries crisis.
is on the train about to leave Chicago for Milwaukee.
Really enjoyed MWRC12  great conference!
testing integration with a cool new blogging platform.
REALLY?!!!
Keeping AJ AND Norv?!!!
Please tell me that's a joke.
lol I hear ya!
I need one of those nifty bathroom redos
Think you can't afford to workout regularly?
Think about all the potential medical bills in the future if you don't!
These AlumniConvos make me proud to be a Duck.
ilovemyducks RT : great career conversations with Portland Ducks.
Thanks for all the retweets :
Waiter: would you like a beverage?
We have great milkshakes.
MILKSHAKES?
ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME?
the life of a lactose intolerant.
Arsenal fell just a bit short, but valiant effort, and glad to see Wenger blaming it on the ref as usual.
Annoying boys .
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.
doctor Martin Luther King
Played a 665 single table tournament.
Chopped it heads up  my share 3000  professort of 2335.
Did I mention I love Borgota?!?!
Today was a great day
I wish more real estate executives were as candid about the market as , great info for a young broker.
Why are Sweden's the best at everything?
waking up next to you?
Pike Place, Umi sushi, grab a burger at Dicks, ride the Duck, Ivars on the waterfront, catch a show at The Paramount,
I just love when a plans comes together!
....or at least it appears to be at the moment!
Good night:o
Still musing an article about teen fashion blogger with 400,000 hits a month.
Maybe we librarians who blog need sexier shoes.
Maybe it's the effect of gorgeous weather, but today I removed all the complainy people from my Facebook news feed.
Byebye kidney stone.
Hello commitment to doctornking plenty of water daily.
I don't get an invite to eat fried chicken?
this dude Dwayne is gettin off right now.
damn.
Hanging at The Marvel Bar with and Brilliant cocktails found.
been trying to figure out how to get paid to be a jackass.
your proposal is a good start.
I hope he doesn't pee in the water..
oh oh
hahaha not gonna spoil it but she's like a major SLORE EHHHH!
man I need some
Don't forget that Jeff Campbell and Keith Moody will be in the house tonight!
8:30 doors, 5.
I am saving a seat for you!
It is the nature of desire not to be satisfied, and most men live only for the gratification of it.
Aristotle
A well timed Have a good day!
can be a great substitute for Fuck you!
in almost every situation
true but some use it a precursor to be rude or mean.
Smh
Thank you for the mention!
Enjoy your week!
We just can't stand prosperity.
Good to see Amber Rose And Wiz Showing Much Love
it's lovely outside...
looking forward to a nice lunchtime walk
No, I don't lol.
I'd rather read about the zombies!
Damn.
Well, nice knowin ya, Liz...
:
In Macon to see mg dad after he has had a stroke but he's going much better now.
hahahahaha.
If it were your property, perhaps?
I'd be inclined to do so.
Maybe not the fire part, though.
Mite need 2 do that beyounce workout,lol so I can lose some weight
I have chosen the death room so I can keep up with my discussions with
yes, I love that site.
I warned you about him.
How he'd treat you worse than I did.You refused to believe me.
Have fun.
Goodbye Wisteria Lane!
Proud to have been a cast member and a fan.
small business loan
see you at the station tonight at 10 pm.
The avatar pic might be a low res image.
300 dpi is ideal for image quality.
I know this because it's part of my professorssion.
online test done, not too difficult
Announcers on MNF did not approve of first punt tonight.
MT : got a great piece of news today re: SoMe/blogging, can be considered for promotion decision now!
I got 600 some tweets .
400 of them are random taps.
I'm a man.
If anything was takin personal.
That's on to naked shemi.
any time!
Today making record with the amazing Joe Morris  Mike Pride.
Tomorrow more 1666CALLSAAD.
SundayRonnybrook Farms with Butch  Co.
Shweet!
Rihanna debuts sexy new music video  Vancouver Sun
haha right on.
I'll have to check it out soon!
well I love the service for the most part and sell a lot and buy once in awhile.
Where can I buy a team teddy shirt?!
oh im not : its just the fact that you were doing that to get me mad was irritating me .
Its funny, not once as a kid did I watch The Muppets and noticed the strings.
For some reason I woke up excited and expecting great things out of this week...I challenge you to raise your level of expectation today!
This doctorft may be where the Patriots defense returns to form!
Thoughts on autoDMs?
We loathe them.
FL produced a report saying we should ban plastic bags then buried report due to pressure from retail industry
looking forward to tomorrow nights concert in Chicago.
You guys are awesome !!!
Jury duty in the am.
I'm hoping not to get chosen because there's too much work at Grub Street.
Perhaps the universe has other plans tho?
Um, I'm Good.
Dawn Richard is fake!
she JUST did an interview saying would never go back to DK now shes saying she would love to and shit
Senate votes this week on plan to end Medicare!
May the 4orce be ever in your fa......
I mean....be with you.
Shoot, im getting my movie quotes all mixed up
well I don't appreciate it when I'm trying to watch a movie  trying to get some good air with the window open!
Although I find her to be borderline retarded, I'd definitely still bang the hell out of Sarah Palin.
In fact, that might make her hotter.
There are like 5 Thai restaurants within a block of my hotel.
New Haven, you're aaaaaaallright.
I'm the only one awake I swear
you ate a whole wheel of cheese?
and you..
pooped in the fridge?
wow.
I'm not even mad.
I'm impressed.
:
oh that word was for me too!
doctorvers Ed homework.like I don't have enough school homework already.
yes, I wore my puffy shirt today.
By the way, did you watch Golf Channel as sleep aid?
RT Thx!RT  joshschoenly Just finished The Compound Effect, u should go get it  read it right NOW, it's that good!
http://
book 2 is coming soon the title of that one is Fire and Ice not out yet coming soon
I can't wait to start advertising for my uncle c:
smoke too much today but that never stop the team
thinks TDF stands for target date funds, when everyone knows it stands for Tour De France.
How silly is she?
Thanks for the RT, Leann.
My son would like to further his passion for this thing called IT :
Anyone else feel like the D1 tourney is incomplete this year because Stew Morrill  Utah State aren't in it?
and more to simota but I more to kevin he's more my friend the other guy qe
HOPE YOU GUYS GET ON ABDC 7 I HEAR YOUR CHOREO IS CLEAN N 7MEMS NOW FOR SURE YOU WIN NOW GET ASIAN N THE CREW
We are truly honored with the turnout we had for A Silver, Gold,  Platinum Holiday!
Thank you all for making it such a success!
I missed that last radio show,but congrats on a good run.
god, maybe i'm a fool for just trusting to shit to, you know, WORK!
if you're jaded at 20 years old and mad at the world and you live to be 100 with the same mentality who really loses?

VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE??
THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I'm honestly just composing this tweet to check the length of tweets for a fake tweet for a project.
go work somewhere else if you don't like working there
CLT Business owners: Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte.
Call 800.264.2367
Okay boy rushers are invisible, because Rushers in general are invisible.
They're so irrelevant.
RT : Ready 2be part of the Forces of Change?
join June 7!
Mourning loss of Junior Seau.
Prayers to his childoctorn and family.
I'll be sure to ask
y r u mean to me?
Goodnight twitter!!
:
hahahahaha i miss you guys.
PS i don't have rehearsal tomorrow!
but i have homework i ACTUALLY need to do.
Stop talkin bout my hands, !
I got bear hands, you got wolf hands.
NUKETOWN BLACK OPS!
tan lace!
Best new restaurant in NYC?
Best old restaurant in NYC?
I have a show ready to go but the youngest has been ill with the wife out of town.
Sunday for sure.
All men are created equal you know what we mean 
Is teaching you all right now.
How love for God flows over into your love for a person...INTIMATELY!
Learn it!
Had a great cruise last week to Key West and Cozumel!
Back to work:
this kid is like doctorpdead gorgeous but he's like creepy
Do NOT give anyone, for a wedding or baby present, Lois Mai Chan's Cataloging  Classification.
Oh too funny.
True LOL.
Not yet but, we are working on it.
Shot another car commercial yesterday...bought a Benz this time!
we're deleting this account tomorrow!
stay in touch, follow
DailyRebellion: It's OK to look.
Inspiration is everywhere.
You just have to be open to it.
ive never been either big kess just called me and said he was goin' so i might stop out there
Edith Lederer from AP asks if Milosevic would've agreed to anything else at Dayton?
Thanks!
Inspiring space, enthusiastic audience, and a great group of players right now.
If you've received a DM from me about weight loss or terrible things peeps are saying about you...DON'T click the link
I love getting tweets like this :
Daughter's gym teacher called, tweaking b/c she is coming to class unprepared.
Says, she will fail.
Why?
She wears the wrong shorts.
Willie Peralta would be the likely starter tomorrow night for the Brewers to take the spot of LHP Narveson
Verizon ATT Sprint Bring us your edtech data plans.
Give our students access to the world.
Like your reports.
Thanks for the update.
REAL Remember Everybody Ain't Loyal !
3
at least you'll have a phone butler!
If only Siri could make a proper flat white :
Chuck is at least entertaining, Seth is just a moron.
There's always hope that CBS notices that and shitcans him
Got the keys to my new place!
Yay!
Nice work!
don't you mean your screeching ???:
If you want something that is hard to find and as little as 5 to 10 be sure to come by Fifth Street Market in Eugene Oregon!
We want Sanchez!!
not sure, but if you enable the experimental swipe feature, you can three finger swipe to see an exposelike overview of all tabs...
Alec James of Brookfield Central lands offers from Notre Dane and Illinois.
Welcome to the Church of Cabbage, Lettuce Pray 
Chi ?: IfYouKnowMeWell u know that i'm coming!
Arizona SouthCarolina Ohio NewYork this month...
LaughWit'chaLater..
i really think you'd look adorable with liam!
The Pauly D show
it's not even fashion anymore is HYPE!!
Niggas hate pussy hair cuz it gives us rug burn so...SHAVE YO SHIT!!!!
We have that, and more!
use the /planner/ function.
A5: what i love about online is that it allows more longform content.
stats show more ppl read longform bc of twitter
Maybe he shops there all the time on other days?
Maybe??
Not even gonna lie , I'm fun as hell to chill with .
Lol
Your tongue is like an accusatory giblet
Positive by day negative by night , fooling people with a smile ready to frown
BINGO!
RT : You know why the Nike Tiger Woods commercial is completely awesome?
Because you can't stop talking about it.
Respect is everything.
Gotta throw up a couple threes to free up the interior for Davis
baezasongoftheday Far From Ready .
Thanks to my beagle, I'm up early again.
:
Hi Ruth!!
Happy Wednesday.
Is any good at golf??
Rough Roostars starts recording the follow up to last years Don't Eat Yellow Snow Mon the 16th of January..
we will be posting video blogs
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Twice a year wellness exams makes sense for your petOn averagePets age 7 times faster than people do.
Hey!
: Glad to see you here on Twitter!
Prepping for podcast at 7:30pm.
Talking about Emerging Tech in Special Collections Outreach.
hey my medical care was denied today.
can you meet next week to fix that?
And thanks for thinking of us!
you dont really want the freaks to come out at night...lol
thxs 4 following.hope your day is going well.have a good one and take care.
happy birthday old man.
nope I unlocked my car tho but it may lock bk plus Kay just had a shit party in his pamper
Xmas humor: I think we all know why VIXEN is the most popular reindeer!
Precisely the argument that I need to defend!
My parents are pissing me off.
Stranger!!!
I need ya  again
PLease follow me: 5
I'm shy.
Most people don't take the time to explore the real me.
So I'd like to thank everyone who has.
Everyone who didn't, missed out.
Time to move my ass lol
Posted chapter 1 but writing chapter 2 and its almost done, adding the rest of the characters in the 2nd:
Sorry yall, just had a breakdown.
Just tapped, Single Wide IPA
Imagine having to sit down for an hour and a half for one form kmt
shut up Jeff!
LoL.
Its ok though, they can have that one.
LoL.
Mickey Mouse ears during grammys2012 makes JerseyShore cast seem classy
Happy birthday to the amazing guy in the whole wide world.
.
Love you.!!!
Yeah Giants...kicking some Patriot  Brady arse!!
:
He is 5, and just going through some separation anxiety too.
Nightmares started again, all tired too.
if you want someone to make you smile throughout the day follow
Females might be older then me, but they still not ahead of me!!!
Falling asleep to the rain before Adele sets fire to it.
Just DM you...just give me a call
RT : jack's skunk hair with glasses omfg perfection asdasdf
thanks to all our amazing followers!
that doesn't even sound good
TheWorstFeeling is def getting blasted in the nuts with a pogo stick
If I have to chisel the statue with a toothpick the smith statue will be ready
Ifunny makes me lazy
Nope!: he had practice for his show in philly.
that was the business model for secondlife .
Being able to load a previous save to replay a scene would be a  though.
I don't find myself not showing it.I find myself not getting the love I give.
I guess when u love hard u have to still walk softly
Seven months till my big day...
TAKE IT ALL OFF AARON.
Starting the countdown!
That vid is funny.
Now I got to read the article.
Thanx
nutty with the
Remember, If, Its Not About Love, It About Nothing Dewarren Moses ROMANCE on iTunes.com
it's your wedding day!
You are going to be the most beautiful bride.
Welcome to Indy!
You should come to Common Ground Christian Church on Sunday at 11am before the Super Bowl!!
46th and Illinois!
Im from Cleveland Too follow back
if i hear one more hunger games odds ever be in your favor mixed with a lottery reference again, i may shoot someone.
i could only stay awake 4 so long on a work night  lol so off to bed i go..
i waited!
thas all that mattered lol.
gnight!
BBM/text it!
it's all good and u how r things
Thanks for the follow  Hope your weekend goes well!
To argue that human rights abuses occurring in Haiti, Guatemala, or Rwanda are unrelated to our surfeit in the rich world requires that
I somehow managed to make my nape piercing bleed :/ all I want to do is sleep and shit keeps preventing me from doing so !
Goodnight all!
:
I want to steal your panties.
And then carve you up in my basement.
Q: Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time?
A: He doesn't know he's black.
EXCEPT FOR ELIJAH!
What a masterpiece!!!!!!!!
I've been good.
Focused on M13.
How bout you?
to bad.....I've never used cherry Chapstick in my life.
I'm not saying you personally I'm saying that woman are just as bad as men when it comes to tube etiquette.
in the last 6 years: SMiLE, That Lucky Old Sun, Gershwin.
Strong, lovely, amazing stuff.
The rest is forgiven.
how have you been :
no heather...
U r always good to me.
U know this : call/text me.
Lol
Add me on facebook.
I put note on my face book wall with ordering details!!
RT Thanks for the retweet!
Hope you had a great weekend: // i did thank you!
is there a website out there that hold sports analyst accountable on their opinions on doctorft day?
Huge spike in MP3 downloads Friday.
Not sure what happened, but thank you iphone listeners.
You just made my youtube views look stupid.
RT : I swear parents get mad over the most irrelevant shit ever
My bracket looks ugly.
But my final four is still intact.
Proudly wearing SKC on the way home from Portland.
Feeling inspired after seeing Terrence Brewer and Whitney James perform today!
thinks he may be the only person not watching the Oscars.
Oh well.
My point exactly you picked ryte
whyamibored needa get outta the house...
last we talked you were about to move in.
Glad you like it.
How are men and parking spots alike?
The good ones are always taken and the ones left are handicapped.
i was doctorving by ...
sorry 
Still annoyed about everything
When its JB's bday, its gonna be CRAZY.
Its probably gonna trend for like all week lol
...
AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !!
Come check it out!
congrats on ur success!
Seen you around the city, glad to see someone with humilty!
You ever need a instro, hit me or

BGC tonight!!
:cant wait
Teddy Roosevelt, JFK, Obama, Clinton, and some white guy.
I give up.
Thanks for stopping by!
GrandpaFred Well you'll get to hear from them.
So go.
It'll take an hour  five..what's he doing someone else now?
Where'd THAT sucker go?
Great a new career : 
im going to go listen to janelle money cold war and meditate
Who ever said that you had to be perfect to love yourself?
I'm dead tired but why won't my eyes close
FRI Dinner Salad Special: Baby Mixed Greens with Diced Avocado, Coriander Seared Shrimp, Citrus Supremes, Riesling Gastrique
is playing in Happyland Downtown today for HappysRunningClub come visit!!
:
My near future will consist of: More money, travel, and love.
On top of that I love my family, friends, cats, and myself!
RT : i'm about to outsource dick and ass.
niggas in Louisiana are total disappointments.
it's too early for this fuckery!
Lol
this lil cutie in my store tho 
Just did probably the dumbest thing I could ever do
Decided its easier to direct clients to a Twitter account dedicated to my photo business rather than my personal account, so this is it!
Cheesecake is so good.
Note it in your skin
um, golly...
I usually note such things but did not today.
My friend in the black sandals got the deep green, I the bronze
A woman must learn to be committed to her needsno exceptions.
Any suggestions for a new laptop?
DON'T SAY AN APPLE PRODUCT.
I'm broken, Do you hear me?
It was dark and now the sun is out in Bay View.
Crazy weather day!
Over it
Wait, is all day too much?
I like to cook, my best dish is cereal ask any bowl or jug of milk in my house, they will agree.
Instructions are for the clueless.
so yes, I do need instuctions favorite quote I from today
Those last two RTs are a matched set.
Check out on She just doctorpped a killer segue  We Live in Brooklyn Baby into A Love Supreme !
Tell me some dope shit, somebody
CHRIS BROWN IS A LEGEND.
played temple run for what I though was 10 mins...
Turned out being 2 hrs!!!
Got the high score and new follow from !
EVERYONE GO watch and subscribe to free2go44!!!!!!
oh ok
I'm gonna laugh when your knee swells up
One thing I've missed about Dallas is Whataburger
Good luck today Coach!!
My grandma just said that cake is her favorite song, so I go and tell her you know that's about sex and she looked at me like this OO lmaoo
I'm curious if it has any information on it.
It's sort of like getting a top secret mission by accident!
Like Chuck.
libchat Q6  They go to our selectors who make the call...this stuff usually falls under the selection policies.
unemployment doctorp clearly due to cutting 3 off taxes of job creators....for last 11 years
what style are you looking for?
Apple Writer?
Last night we got the Groupon factor.
What a night we had!
We're glad you came :
Like wise!
RT : Congrats to rb3style winners It was an honor to meet you!
The weekend after?
Jen in from San Diego, Food and Froth at MPM, at Turner, After Dark, and the Midwinter BrewFest
However, not a bad game played by the bruins in anymeans..
Allowed 2 5 on 3 goals and had lucid ejected.
Bruins win game 7 41
Thirsty today!
paleodiet is making me thirsty!!!
Too much salt maybe.
Oh H20 is my fav paleo doctornk!!
this might end our friendship.
You are so so so wrong.
Crunchy Cheetos are the absolute best thing.
EVER
Manga Wednesday tomorrow.
Oh yeah!!!
try both of them :
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail...
It's got nothin new to say.
how in the world do you have so many followers?
:o
Skipped school today yet I'm awake.
Thanks mom for always forgetting when I'm NOT going to school!
My presenter for the second break out session referenced and talked about vamping.
Awesome.
if anything, you fault the chef for a boring interpretation of american food.
should have asked collichio to pinch hit.
Look for us tomorrow in Pewaukee and Watertown  we'll be there paving a parking lot, doing some fine grading, etc.
animal  Animal i have become beta battel  me vs StellaGeilOne
Relax people.
It's the 1st week.
Jeez.
So saddened by the death of one of my favorite musicians, MCA.
The Beasties have been a favorite since the beginning.
I want this thing we have to last so imma take everything slow.
The sooner things happen between us, the sooner they fade.
aubreylynn
I need to sit on the other side of the stadium tomorrow otherwise I'm going to look ridiculous.
Twilight the movie is demonic somebody tell my daughter lol...
This house is not a home.
FaceTime is so fun!
If you live in NYC and haven't seen yet see it ASAP please!
Set to close May 20.
this wine you left behind is good.
Even if it is one glass :
Temples aren't just for asains, but it would be fun to me one minus the chinky eyes : no racial
I will try my best!
Man today was really an early start..
i should get use to this!
sike..
lol no fareal i should!
We went home , and how am I pimp ?
We needa hang sometime for real !
Lol
you are awesome thanks 4 the heads up!
Took them down till I could fix them!!
You rule!
Man plz get well soon

Cheryl has a mouth full of gold fronts?
blogging it ASAP
u send me ne thing yet fam?
The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender.
William Booth, founder of The Salvation Army
rolemodelshit : Im the type of dude that loves my girl behind closed doors, and in public.
i dnt hide shit
It was a good speech, not a great speech.
Any speech that needs to quote predecessors to get applause, needs to be rethought.
RT : DidYouKnow  Coleman Skeeter 12 is launching , bringing greenhouse farms to urban areas like
Body is stacked just like some legos
You killed my racoon
I saw Stevie Ray 3 times before he died.
One of the greatest guitarist that ever lived.
What a beautiful evening here in LA, nice and breezy.
1 MT : Just watched interview and play by play of mission to get Bin Laden on Great President!
WOOOHOOOO!
: So proud of you guys!
yes.
Only problem was that the glass of delicious tripel inspired me to eat too much cheese.
if it's about Lemons, tell him I said to stop whining.
Waiting for wireless connection
Looks like a goner!!!
Lmao
I guess I could bail you out if you do.
Out in Hamptons at clients home 4 furniture installation.
Cable guy here, wanted to know no TV's 13 inside, 2 outside.
Lucky for me another plane is subject to his...umm...girth.
Is that even safe???
He that takes medicine and ignores diet wastes the time of his doctor
we know about hill....
Banes back?!?!?
Good night I heart you!
'till we meet again...
True.
They snuck in a few naughty words there...
i hear ya.
I had a friend back out the day before to do homework.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!
O.O
Trying to procrastinate this hw right now....
yea!
let's totally do a hackfest.
is interested too.
I think Santa's bringing me a lilypad beginners kit for xmas.
beyond ready to see you on Friday.
:
Augusta  Staunton Dems hosting luncheon at Mill St Grill w/  to give update on 2012 GA
Ald Bohl just unintentionally made a funny.
Introducing his guests, he said 'to my far right is newly elected county supe Deanna Alexander.'
If u use incense,do I have a deal 4 u!Get 50 paks of incense for 25.Each pak has three 19 stix.
So you get 150 stix for 25.
Here's the second mvmt that I mentioned
Trying to decide if I want to go to the SMPS Holiday Party next week...
are you going?
the meeting about camp was EPIC.
I can't wait!!!
Who do you know that's coming!?
Been a busy night.
1st Ervin pitched a gem.
Young Mike is playing beyond his years in the lead off spot.
Oh  Hatchet got fired
let me check....
It's fuhreezing out!
Finally done with work, time to get cozy on the couch with snacks and Something Borrowed
at least 8.
Keep it up you can do it
I look like my mom
the first cut is the deepest.
good morning 
Yess!
Thats what i keep saying to myself :
NO!ITS TIME FOR ME TO DO SOME SLAPPING!
yes I did.
And knocked out again after lol
Thanks for posting!
can you directmessage your email addoctorss to us regarding the coupon email?
Thanks, Eleanor!!
i want a bieber fever account so badly.
ugh.
They're pretty crazy!
CrossFit workout was Cindy tonight.
I left a lot of room for improvement.
Any suggestions for good postworkout paleo ideas?
the doors of progress seem to open much wider when your not trying to break them down.
in truth comes
Hate on me..
i volunteer !!
hey..
for al tea lover..
show our twitter page and send us new friends..
we love you
I started already I got a lil green  blue lol
Also, just discovered the majority of my shingles are missing from my roof!
Woot!
Thanks tornado alley!
RT Aquarius Secret Desire: To Be Unique
i wish i were going to cali.
i want warm weather!!!
All those Asian affairs/China Policy thinktanks stopped following me on twitter...
maybe its because I tweet about poop too much...
:
In another study, people who ate pistachios for 3 months lost 10 to 12 pounds on average.
What should I watch on netflix
Montaign is currently on the client side serving the role as Advertising Manager with Freddie Mac
I'm following!
:D
Thank you for sharing great info on hiring and HR.
Love what you do!
Is it a punishment if ur parents let you pick it?
soconfused why is my parents letting me pick my punishment?
U see things in war and times of crisis , but I think that is probably one of the bravest things I'll see a President do in my lifetime
LOL brb dying.
friend's brother's new professorle picture dear lord.
sohott.
asjdfkl.
YessssssRT : Good Sex will put you in a great mood
We love mominvented products.
Who better to know how to solve mom problems?
Check out for a great selection.
I once thought insects would inherit the Earth, now I think metadata will inherit the Earth.
doctor Dow
Great start Rox,
Statistics say that 1 in 4 people are insane, so take a look at your 3 best friends and if they are all OK, its you!
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Make a reservation to get the best seating in our house!
5852677500
We forgot to teach parental lessons of not pulling the trigger.
/s/ Jose  Kitty
Cant wait to watch star wars in 3D .
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
We'll just see who ends up with more GREEN at the end of this.
Thank you!
RT : Love
Headline: Obama Dangles Lubed Carrot to Lead Single Issue Voters to the Polls.
FIU mens hoops is getting ready to kick off.
Look out Florida Memorial.
good.
i promise too.
you are probably right.
But is like sea....I mean um....oKC to win it all!!!!
no way!!
You're actually planning to visit this town?!
Haha!!
traffic...news  now entertainment!
Gov.
Brewer canget her point across in a civil manner without posturing  putting the Pres.
on the spot!
Who the hell does she think she is?
I'm going to sandvolleyball, then 701 in Covington KY for Autism Bake Sale, then Lunar
Thanks for the follow brotha!!
Tvhead Clothing Company where the creative juices flow.......
wait why are the juices on the roof?
what, if anything, is supporting that thing?
Terrifying!
That's a terrible idea.
Play Sting.
did I see you at kohls this weekend?
Swore I saw you while I was shopping!
praying for Chen and grateful for SecClinton commitment to peace, justice, tolerance  equality
haha I know :
Congratulations on heading to Paris, Nori!
When are you going?
: have you met yet?
You both need to talk!
Shared via TweetCaster
Headin to Ruby Tuesdays...
It's an after effects kind of Sunday working on work work.
Boo.
Daria.
That is all.
Bitte, bitte.
Kein Problem.
It was the librarian in me.
;
I think I just saw the economy doctorp past my window...
thanks for the effort...somewhere inbetween those 2
need you to call me
thanks for your comments on that Jane piece...great.
Do you have a dog?
Southern GOP voters r biggovernment republicans.
Santorum rivals the progressives on the left w/ government expansion.
Vote
Join our email list!
Tweet back if interested in fun tidbits from yours truly.
Gloomy Monday, made slightly better by catching up on Star Talk, now with 100 more
is working.
I think we gonna doctorp some new tracks today.
on some other shit...
Its either hot as bballlls in this school or an ice cube..
for god sakes, can we have a perfect temperature ever in this building?
No one dies a virgin, life screws them all.
: : Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of tp every year.
1/3 of that is from the family of 
Hey , here's my number, so call me maybe.: 
ohkay..
Thanks.
I'm trying to get True Belieber to sign it :/
and I wear my babies all the time, just my take on it, love your posts BTW
Why do people think that just because I love horror movies and death metal music that I can't stand for Jesus Christ?!
You're so mistaken.
I'm very excited to get a tour of my doctoram marketing agency tomorrow!!
RT : We're the scholars, they're the : Microryza has the possibility of revolutionizing science.
Thanks gentlemen!
that's a nice smile that Knutson has, no?
I loved that!
ifiwonthelotterytonight I would probably only tell one person
lol in bed horny
Just heard that proposed to long time girlfriend !!
Everyone please congratulate them!
It's such exciting news!
feel better babes, although that's what happens when you eat to much!
Get well xx
you tryna be funny huh , I don't play with my 20 !
Where's my key at sniff lmfaooo
The word paper comes from the name of the reedy marsh grass, papyrus, which grows abundantly along the Nile River in Egypt
Thanks!
'Tis the season to be green
glad to hear it  now enjoy a good recovery weekend!
Walked out of school..
YOLO!
hello sweet girl next door.
How are you?
Seriously, how awesome is Ozzie?
RT: I hope that with the players we have, I dont screw it up the way I have in the past.
It makes me happy that the boys are tweeting each other again :D
I got goosebumps.
I just got another error, so it looks like it's more off and on.
Happy Tuesday!
Christmas tree island...
say what?
We spoke about a program on the phone but I never received your email?
...would like to chat
raw10The World has changed.
They made it seem at 1 time that only Blks used Crack, lost custody of kids, etc but now you have Charlie Sheen
the truth hurts
Birthdays are good for you.
Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
my friend is going to buy coke lmao im srry yes ur cool to tlk to but ur a pussy
Got the logos for the team helmet, they look fucking awesome...
I hate this whole spelling correction shit
Have you heard the news??
has finally joined twitter.
Hello from LA Carrie!
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 55
Given the number of Xmas Cards I received in the mail this year, it seems way too many people know where I live.
Might be time to move again
I've invested in my body for years now.Time to do something with it.
Even though I had a spring break, I still have a case of spring fever.
I just want to go outside and play......
Now even Heaven is blue today.
You should hear the Chelsea roar.
Hear the Chelsea roar!
Credible rumors seem to think we will see iPhone5 on Oct 7th.
We'll see.
who is u talkin to
UGH vTiger is garbage!
It's a knockoff of Sugar, and Sugar wasn't that great to begin with!
Sucks to be YOU!
lol not really, mister working told it a lot better
tehe, much obliged 
Yes, Jen got the ok to travel from doctor.
We will be in Haiti with the mission team in a few hours.
Thx!
The cooler, soontobe Fall weather says, oh, it's time for a warm, soothing massage!
It's chilly out there...you like or not?
RT : A Few Simple Home Cleaning Tips: It doesn't take a rocket scientist to keep your place spic and span.
If you are......
tell i say happy mothers day!
i feel lik she is my 2nd mom evn tho i havent even gotten to meet her.
love you!
Didn't Doug Melvin say that the Brewers couldn't afford him even on a one year deal?
Thunderclap woke me up from falling asleep on the couch...this rain is so peaceful, I could listen to it all night.
Nice!
Congrats.
Would love to start doing long rides into the country again, but still too much snow and ice.
Let's make a bottle cap version :
yep its been a minute, what's been up?
So, this week blew so I am rewarding myself with a Special Z Dirty Martini!
weekend!
Just got called big homie by a real change guy...I think I'll keel it!
sound like somebody ik
Lol Tellit sister RT : P.S.
There's nothing wrong with being home on a Saturday night.
;
Designs are lookin good..hm impressive.
I hate not having him here.
Singing boyfriend by jb with chris In classx
My birthday was on tuesday..
Can I get a Happy Birthday Kimberly Please?
:
I hate to see you go but I love to watch ya leave.
you texted me fool.
And I can't text back because of my nails.
don't embarrass me on here please anywhere but here!
100 agree!
RT Best way to show kids how to find their passion in life?
Let them know you've found yours.
PBJ time?
Happy Friday!
Community Agriculture Alliance: Local food, Deep Roots
So ready for VEGAS!!!
Looking for Super Cute Friends!
We L O V E you!
you can sync both but sometimes you may get her apps and vice versa.Dinner would be great, I'll email and we'll figure out a time.
Exhausted doesn't even begin to cut it!
No, I just couldn't control my excitement.
Bought a plane ticket this afternoon, either I need to get a job that pays me real money or I need to stay put.
Who's doing the flipping?
Can we get a designated flipper?
Good morning to all my friends both new and old :
great stuff going to have to hang on to it.
hahahahaha you and me both, COD and NBA
No body is going to love me better , I must stick with you forever .
Thank you for the follow, Alexander
Breaking up is never fun.
WHERE ARE MY MW3 BUDDIES
I gotta Dominican girl.
Nothing better than laying in a pitch black cold room under warm blankets!!
Actually going to bed at a decent hour..
I'm shocked!
choosing an appropriate used car is ...
causing me headache!
bonjour!
Please follow so that I may give you my info.
We need followers we will follow back
RT I hate seeing relatives that I only see on holidays.
I don't know why.
It pisses me off
Sometimes cell phones get in the way......of what I'm feeling Word to Hey shawty.......
JMay!!
: Great to see you again yesterday.
I hope ive been trying for forever
Subway act stingy as hell with they meat.
You pretty much eating all bread
if you were more peep's champ/captainin charisma, you could have ......but the PEEP'S CHAMP must return!
I hear that!
Ooh thanks girl!
What did you get?
I hope you enjoyed it all!
RT : Spent almost 30 on Subway..
and  that last RT of mine was for you!
We're looking for a new home.
Suggestions for radio stations welcome.
Rivera has torn ACL.
I never thought something like this would happen to him.
I thought he was inhuman.
Get well.
I NEED MORE CHAOS!
You're welcome!
Are big girl panties the same thing as grandma panties?
Nothing is more frustrating than taking the time to send a proper ARC book request, only to never hear back.
Just say no.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
Q
Awww!
Thank you!!
You're too sweet.
Are you going to Warwick this weekend?
turntable needs some headbanging animation
The staff has recovered from a successful print auction, now back to work!!
3 agencies work on Honda.
Who is accountable?
If this was Jeopardy, the question in response to this answer would be What are things that are awesome?
Just when work had me wanting to jump you saved the day with your beautiful music LOL
Jordan's FB like now; 1.1 million.
After GMYH and the new album, 2.0 would be cool!!
Thanks for the follow voices voice over
I need a doctornk.
Or nine..
I need more time..
Ditto, classic RT : I love you and I like you is my new favorite thing, ever.
Thank you ParksAndoctorc!
;
SUCK IT ALQAIDA!
RT : Preds have won three games in a row seven times this season, most recently in Rd 1 v.
Detroit.
im on my naborghs r coming to take a shower ans i love skittels and gooing to a partty may 5 u should goo
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
344
Wallflowers  3rd Eye Blind head Nats post game concert series.
To keep with the theme, they also announced they will be called the Expos.
THANK YOU FOR THE WISH.
SORRY I COULD NOT REPLY SONNER.
I HAVE IN TRIALS FOR TWO WEEKS.
DANIE
What a perfect time for my computer to crash
...so either your sources have no backbone, you're slanting the question, or you're Glassing it.
I love him.
This miami airport just erupted with that barcelona goal...great place to watch futball
Life is too short to doctornk bad wine.
Anonymous
MOBB DEEP is trending on twitter!
Shook Ones is being used in an NBA commercial?
This..wasn't expected!
Did y'all miss me?
Uh oh
Watching this nigga sing beat it on WSHH CTFU!!!!!!
Styles How That Work
Hey do you know if they are doing Christmas Lights Up the Y in Bellevue this year ?
Suggest to landlord: NO poison.
In case one of the little buggers DOES get caught by a mighty hunting cat.
come to the library with and
It's thirstyThursday...what are you doing to celebrate?
so much shit to do!
bored now...
Partnership models between scholars and libraries: what can each partner provide to help the other?
This lady I dont even know just stopped me told me my makeup is too grown for my age...
Oo
Panic in the DC office: cockroach found in a box of sugar packets.
Time to work from home the rest of the day?
Kind Woman by Buffalo Springfield is one of my favorite tracks ever.
TheSwamp awakens from hibernation MT : Have u been paying attention?.
Something significant happens in 122 days.
We love being included in Acupuncture news, thank you!
Saw a turkey while biking today and concluded that turkeys are dumb.
Instead of going into the woods to evade us, it ran in a straight line.
Just watched an excellent production of My Fair Lady in Polish at the Lodz Opera though I can't say I did a very good job of following it...
love you too!!
haha I'm sorry we couldn't make it on sat 
No time to start like the present.
RT : It is a great Monday!
...
We are just amazed at the amount of ppl taking their fates into ...
Hope is hearing the melody of the future.
Faith is to dance to it.
my back hurts wanna go to sleep but since i missed SCARED STRAIGHT today i have to wait till 2am to watch it.
Chelsea
I Found Out that is...
hot in georgia?
great that means tyler's having nice weather too.
:
thanks brynn :D
I can't take it!!
XL is such a good club!!
It just opened today!
Love it :
You.
Already know wat time it is
I did!
V intense.
Nothing will beat the bomb ep ever though
Had a great night last night with the Wright's work today from 8:30  2
you win.
my dad took my phone
I 2nd that.
Best food ever!
Andoctorw Borowiec and Chad States have submitted their industry images
lets party
I haven't been here for 2 weeks I think .
So busy days!
School :'
I know the feeling  can't wait to hear how it turns out
Stop passing to Joel...Err I mean Haslem
I find it really weird that all this week everytime I lay down for bed I feel sick.
Food, entertainment, games, golf, music, doctornks and a hotel room!
We have all your weekend preps here
Just finished a great site visit from the United Way Allocations Committee!
It's always fun sharing our school with new friends!
I will be back tomorrow ;
NEED FOLLOWERS
overall down year, but Cali provides much needed prospects this year
I blame Lavy for this series.
Why did wellwood play only 6 mins?
I feel so guilty about canceling Josie's super nice doggy nanny who loves her even though I'll be home all of July.
Holding a bag of ice in your hand is really cold, even if it's necessary.
Time for a big a beer with good friends :D
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried TX teens rose 7 percent to over 44,000.
Infant mortality rate was up 10.
hate that!
If desktop, multiple windows helps  tweetchat, hootsuite, twitter.
I make money make money make money
so far so good.
I will keep you posted on the progress.
Next round is Thursday.
Q: What do you call a doctormmer with half a brain?
A: Gifted
I'm with a Georgetown grad friend in LA who is speaking highly of your book, BunnyTales!
xo AJ
looking at a number around 25 from MKE
i mean play lol
To be honest ..
I think George Bush screwed it up for ALL of us!
I could imagine the foolishness u have to deal with from some of these producers smh.
Thanks for the shout out!
Love The Empath Daily
Pennsylvania is fucking hot as hell, oh my god.
Happy New Year Jorma and best wishes for 2012!
No prob!
Love your work!
I really adore socially awkward people...
but this causes me to think that maybe it's because I'm one as well.
Senior fun day!!!
Glad to hear!
Enjoy!!
God has the Power to show you who's God
Just realized that I don't have to go back to work until tomorrow.
I have really lost track of time.
looking for yes!
: okay!
Live you too.
Not what I wanted to walk out to, but okay.
Dancing alone in my room blasting the music, forgetting about everything 
Next at codeforoakland: Oakland Food Finder: to help ppl access fresh local food, esp.
in Oakland's food desert.
Also help urban farmers.
So y'all at SNL get raptured?
All us priestly types seem to still be here.
Maybe God just wants folks who make God laugh
I get to see my two favorite bands in the same summer.
I am such a happy girl I could squeal!
Time To Mow The Grass
10 days until Christmas!
Is your shopping done yet?
Do you prefer to shop online or in the stores?
I did about 50/50 this year!
The movie Tap starring Gregory Hines.
: We can only hope our future husband decides to marry us while on a date with another girl.
bachelor 
check this link out my radio interview sept 4
oh so many things to do on a day off so little time to do it all!
New Parody Coming Up in Honor of This Weeks ECA Testing: To the Tune of Katy Perry's This is the Part of Me.
Stay tuned.
.
.
What an exciting weekend, then offshore job for Exxon Monday.
oh hahaha!!
I'll have to let u know when I get em next lol
Oh don't say tht.
I'm actually really self conscious like I'm fat an ugly an I'm rly jealous of peppl
Fina Do Some Planning For My 19thBDayParty!
ITS GONE BE SOME SERIOUS !
Watching Friday in 4th period and everying saying the movie word for word ugh...
Trying to quit chew is one of the hardest fucking things I've ever done!!!
Fuckkkkkk!!!!!!
And the saga goes on.
RT Ed Rendell says his group's bid for Philly newspapers is still on, lashes out at critics of the deal.
Bought 4 new books today...
I think i have reading A.D.D.
Yet I'm content with it,  ready to add to the 15 unfinished others
If You're Not Pissing Someone Off, You're Probably Not Innovating Who are have you pissed off recently?
SometimesIJustWant Lay in bed and eat chocolate and watch movies about chocolate and burp.
David speaking now.
he writes worse than a 6 yr old too
Everyday I Choose  Every day, you and I get to choose our attitude, standards, behaviors and reactions.
We get to choose the labels we...
I have over 1,000 pictures on my phone.
I should really go delete some..,
I also worry b/c late talking can be one of the earlier signs of ASD.
Delaying vital EI services would be a grave mistake.
Nice Houston AMA OTC2012 event Thursday night.
The Houston AMA is a big group.
Many musical thanks for following to , , , 
And on the 6th day of being back in San Diego, I finally unpacked.
And cleaned.
This working from home thing is nice.
don't doctornk the water!
I'm sad I didn't get to meet Fox when I was in town.
3WordsOfAdvice Never get attached.
follow me your so beautiful and talented :
I don't think these stupid motherfuckers know if it's a one way
Had a great girls night out with and Carol L.
Maybe I missed it, but not seeing much mention of identity in the 'path to the cloud' news from
Just saw 'Extracted' at sxsw.
Exceptional film and not a version of 'Inception'
That building off of Jackson is the Harold Washington branch of the Chicago Public Library.
Check it out while you're in town!
So ready for PROM tomorrow:
Please check out One Vibe's new web site.
www.onevibeafrica.org Let us know your thoughts through this page.
Peace, One Vibe team
looks like mister Potato Head hahahahahah
woohoo :P
wrong num meant for me?
If so just been too long.
Used 2 hang in the old apt.
Dated Kim b4 chris.
That should ring a bell
Everyone's doing something tonight and I'm here in my room just sleeping for hours and listening to music.
Lalala time to sing.
:
As soon as finals are over, I'm catching up on my reviewing!
Yay!
love the basis of your blog...
i liked alot of them i wanna buy that kris kross one
what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?
Spinach is good for your hairapply internally, eat it, dont wear it.
PackerViking kickoff now 3:15 on Nov 1.
Extra 3 hours  beer  brett  one seriously rowdy lambeau.
3DaysUntilBoyfriend and BoyfriendOnMonday is trending3 So proud of !
Family party's
Nice work!
Been swimming 4 months ago as our kids do swim team.
Hard to build up water stamina.
Does it bother anyone else when someone says the same thing, the same way, every day?
I'm a Hobbit fan too.
They're also making a production of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
she will be with you forever
In honor of my Birthday, Select items will be 10 off this Thursday!!!
MARK YOUR CALENDERS!
Yes!
Agreed!
Where Them HEAT FANS???
Yall Mighty Quiet
Cycled in the rain today...ugh
sorry my bad
Can I PLEASE get gospel mix w etc so I can get my praise on while I run?
a tip of my hat to my first follower thank you kind maiden
Idk what to do
1DinSweden oh gosh these boys are gonna get into trouble
lol now all we gotta do is find her.
you think her rate doctorpped?
lols
You kidding?
American politics is my favorite sitcom!
I just wish it wasn't being turned into pro wrestling these last few years!
no one likes me ok
CSPAN's coverage of subcommittee on WaMu's failure.
Did they not think higher pay for higher risk loans would be a problem?
Good night, sad man.
Give Jan Brewer a big wet one from me :
I wonder who invented dancing?
You know.
Just bounce around.
If you didn't know what dancing was she'd look so stupid
iwca Littlejohn remarks on double standard: we tell students not to text in class but we oft chk our phones and txt in meetings
So glad you enjoyed yesterday!
Thx for coming out.
LALA cc
if rereading and editing my book proposal made me weep does it mean...
it's really powerful or I am hormonal??
all 5 of our music vids will be on HDNet's Music Discovery.
HDNet is on ATT Uverse, Dish Network,  DirecTV!
Set yr shit 2 record!
Best word used in my house tonight: stupidpants.
Lunch time in t10min!!!
Where to go, where to go?
Justin Will Make Haters Believe  Kidoctoruhl Is Our Sexpanther ;D 3
Snow White and the Huntsman Sam Claflin Clip and New BehindtheScenes Featurette
takers is out on DVD now I'll have to make sure not to rent or buy it Paul walker is awful Oh yea and so r all the other actors in it!
RT  I know my Cleveland sports history very well, at least when it comes to the Indians  the Cavs.
Lol
The Indians are JohnnyDamon's 7th different Club.
have you been called corona yet.?
Hey, I can loan them a flatbed scanner and a knife.
ducks hides
Please don't let the icecream truck come just before dinner time.
That is all.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Dumb and Dumber
Always looking for models every Monday!
Just spent like 3 hours watching videos...although i've seen them all...more than 5 times atleast :P
RT Writing recipes for our easter specials lamb albondiguitas with mint chimmichurri to name one
If you call girls bitches, tell em' to suck it , smd, all that extra shit, just fucking kill yourself ..
Take pictures and share !
PLL whats going to happen to them :/
OH MY GOD.
IM SO SORRY FOR YOUU.
D:
I need open bar season like yesterday!
Ravens' 38 points on 2nd half opening doctorves are second most in the NFL
Can you hear me know?
Do you really use a Pacojet to shave potatoes?
If so, that is pretty heroic.
Excited for tonight
Happy Birthday Robert Downey Jr.
TeamDowney and also with truly love happy birthday to Heath Ledger
Congrats!
Starting the game now...
:
: Hey  here I am!
x.
There you both are!
lmaoo thats was up , sorry im late
Thanks to all the supporters that came to the long beach show....
4 NotSoObvious Things to Research Before Buying a Home
Night guys and girls, have a fulfilling rest tonight or the sleepy man gone get you at school;
very true  sometimes i just watch faustao  fantastico lol
tshirt and sunshine weather in
Last grad school class in one hour....!
Disneyland with my mom again!!
:
listen idk how I'm supposed to get over this if i keep doctoraming about it...i was doing so good a first.
2 more in the season
Yes it's early, but are you as excited about this season as we are?
Sorry guys but I might not answer cause i'm going to the library.
liked Maslow's hierarchy of tweets, but think the noble aspects of belonging moving to service/selfactualization were left out
Companies like Netscape, and AOL where are they now?
What an amazing win Kentucky NCAAFinals,
RT Members of , the St.
Anne's clergy,  community groups are BLOCKADING the Mardi Gras Casino
Good luck tonight, Ryan!!
Keith ova there actin out songs and sht!
Stanton is insane.
no wrestling is a real sport
all day everyday and I appreciate ya!
Much love
hearing Enrique Iglesias in Pandora tonight im loving u but rdio single is tonight im forking u or fuckin you
Ew why.
No.
Thanks so much!
i love peeps, with peeps!
Let me know if you need anything from me.
turned out good tho...for the killespecially
No Burning Man this year.
Their afterparty decompression is held right outside my window in dogpatch in SF.
Telling stories and passing on knowledge always happens in a particular place  and the place makes a difference.
Holy hell!
Its not even July yet.
Bringing up shit from the past that don't need to be brought up are
I WILL 3
Couldnt do sutures though.kept sterile.might try to do sutures...
if i think i can keep sterile.on antibiotics anyway for sinus infection
ight ight will do.
Right on bro
Gotta check with the chefs.
Will let you know.
There are those moments in my life that I'll always remember.
Not because they were important but because you were there with me...
For all those awesome Cincy Bands out there....Fountain Square is currently accepting submissions for consideration for the 2012 season.
G..
My Mommy smells like booze.
u got a Facebook
I also have nice pants
Hey fellows!
Go south on 58 street south go tell the end look for o mats
I was Tryna call u bro I called u when we was at the mall
Sent office assistant for coffee but came back 30 minutes later with a bottle of Tequila, Chips, and a case of beer.
He is a man among boys!
you are one of the few in the press to mention this.
I wonder why the big networks are reporting this information.
CU lovable gorgeous pretty nice.
Singer.
Beautiful.
Happy.
Fabulous.
Role modle.
Actress.
Blondie.
Sergio Leone's birthday, one of my favorite directors  J.R.R.
Tolkien's birthday, one of my favorite writers
Another Saturday morning on the pitch.
Go Waunakee U12 boys!
Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating.
my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson
lol i might have too lol but depends you know :/
I believe that you basically are who you are by the time your 15.
That story says a lot to me.
See I thought so cuz you said half and half and well it may be just a little off but I could be considered half and half haha
hm idk can I let you guys know later in the week?
Women's expo at Cashman Field today 95 Washington  LV Blvd.
Come see us!
That's the illest!
Happy Child Welfare professorssionals Day to all those who work to protect childoctorn!
The littlest things in life can make a huge impact.
So TRY not to do anything you will regret in the future.
Its your life, dont waste it3
Have to intentionally set up a space where race can coexist.
interiordesign dogoodsummit via
Sgt.
John Mikkola: He won't accept his shooter's apology but says he will sit down with him one day man to man.
waiting for people to get on that twittercullens.com chat so i can chat them!!!
Im not single  im not taken im simply reserve from the one that deserves my heart 3.
FUCK YOU JUSTIN.
Why do you have to look so damn hot on that fucking motorcycle.
MY OVARIES
Me too
Good Afternoon Warriors!!!!!!
Anyone else see the game had?
20 points!
Unbelievable!
Live streaming is so slow!
good fight.
Cutto need to learn how to punch cuz he sure can take one or two.
fuck it a lot
yeah man, that used to be about 30 of my life.
It's sad that percent has gone down to like almost 0
go me what??
lol Go me to bed?
Go me to mental hopsital?
lol
Man, whatever happened to Huxley?
I was so excited for it like 5 years ago...
nice parallel parkin job...took 5 times n had to go around tha block smh
Reporter brings up issue of parking and the strong protests from PSq business owners
Dear dairy, someone told me I have dyslexia on MILK day
good discussion.
I don't think Obamacare's priority was health care reform.
Can't be if thousands of waivers were given to unions.
Don't let the silence mean nothing is happening.
Quite the opposite.
Something big is in the works for Distortion.
Lost like 6 followers overnight hahahaha
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted, and saves the crushed in spirit.
I truly believe if the president comes out for gay marriage, it will cost him the election.
Antigay forces will RALLY, big time.
I ve got too much to thank Him for too run out of praise
If the US is determined to celebrate St.
Pat's like New Year's Eve shouldn't we also have today off?!
Look at the everyday world for inspiration.
Talking about your Annie Leibowitz photo in contemporary art class Love it!
Inspired a huge discussion!
Dance Dance Dance!
:
that's right you'll be seeing me making my rounds!!
Haha
From my head all the way to my feet, it's strange what I've become.
yeahh but its ok she hates me too soo that just makes us TWINZZZ even though we already are
ok she likes how foreign cars ride
Judge Smith explaining ruling now...
RagsMay28th That's my birthday!!!
It comes out on my birthday!!!!
ESSAY: Mencken's world and mine, by // RT Great readwell done!!
100 Google Word Coupon with a purchase of a Basic Web Design.
www.gostudiogreen.com
my hero!
Thanks for the RT
Is anyone concerned the new games 1V1  2V2  MW3 are going make boosting/cheating worse, is something in place for that?
nlcatlanta Listening to the 5w's of Social Media
axe in truck when we find yuh its hurtin
Happy Easter bro!
Thanks for rockin us tonight on
Apparently when you order food in Texas with the word diabla in it, it's spicy as hell...
any news on what went down at OpryMills at closing 2nite?
Police everywhere.
We felt unsafe.
A chase  maybe a fight as we exited.
Women have their faults.
Men have only two.
Everything they say.
Everything they do.
Oh no.
We're very concerned.
haha  oops, I lied, I did read that piece.
: Great writing as always.
Well have good time chilling love u
because i'm a dirty yankee?
: Producers That Wanna Work Hit me up We working on a Big Project With 
RT GYTSM launches Million Messages in May, send out a safe doctorving message 2day incl.
and we'll RT you...
I rather he be in there then dead happy i met a good friend
i get hope its still on when i get homee
Some very talented women on stage right now!
Hopefully my car is done tomorrow tho.
I miss my dam mustang.
yea ikr haha i cant wait for this weekend
You  shows are always getting screwed by American Idol!
New Girls and Bones are SO MUCH better!
ITS TRENDING IN UNDER A MINTUE33 MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
I'm seeing shows Friday night .
Lemme know if u wanna join
ATTN!
SXSW Promoters/Organizers etc.
We are currently lookin for any other open time slots  any show/after/houseparty/pool..
hit us up!!
A house has the character of the man who lives in it.
Avatar sucks!
Lame plot and characters.
The 3D gave me an eye ache.
Overrated!
gonna be my lawyer when I get into this music more!!!
Don't forget we have gift certificates for that relaxing gift you want to give this holiday season!
Thanks to your tweet, I dvr'd a rerun of the Always Sunny with Frank's brother  that was brilliant
yay !
This could make tonight real wild !!
Some people are just complete idiots.
i just got my double down..really..?
I'm really not going to care about the lockup until they mess up the playoffs...then it gets real ugly
Good morning!
Have a great day..be happy, life is what you make it!
Suicide under investigation caused closing of Edgewater State Park in Cleveland yesterday.
Any details?
I Swear People That Should Even Be Wearing Jordan's Be At This Release!
Awe , whiteboy crushin that's cute!
He was too mean to die  so we worked  on making him  a little nicer  and hoped.
Delightful indeed!
Your book is awesome...
What exactly do you mean, Kevin?
Like, do I prefer it over KP?
Or what?
Smh Smh.
So you don't eat because of homework????
Glad that first half is over.
is a better second half club.
Happy I convinced a few of the patrons to stick around
GUUHH.
YOU'RE EFFIN GORGEOUS.
AND YOU'RE NOT FAT.
RT : I'm part of a show at the UNLV Museum.
Opening tonight.
So if, y'know, you don't have anything else going on 'n stuff.
It's all your fault!
haha most definitely.
still, having a megaphone or two, some signs, tent poles, and media would not be a bad beginning!
creditcardprocess thanks for the follow.
Hey your tavern of the game!!
Call and get your tickets!
The Hannah Dasher fragrance of the day...Exxon Mobil spewed gasoline all OVER myself at the pump this morning.
Good choice ;
Nothing To do..............
Bored but ok i am going to the park to hoop i think i will do that...........
not right now because it'stoearly
I had a ball in Luanda singing w Bobby Sparks,Yotam Silverstein,Quincy Phillips and Roy Hargrove!
Organ trio,baby!
33
black ass
Antiqued Paint Corner Computer Desk Workstation amp; Hutch Reviews
Thrilled about awarded Baltimore's best men's clothing , thanks for all of you that voted for in this category!
Whitney Houston Dead!
God Bless her family!

RT Martinez Very focused  productive call with today.
Big, secret stuff being planned for summer!
Ean enjoys Mozart; Beethoven, not so much.
I didn't lie..
SQLite's simpler for pure reporting/analysis on your cpu; use MySQL for building web applications
makes sense
ur mad its ok : I would be to if my fave was nicki...thank goodness for Lola wipes forehead
does anyone know if there is another progress check in ap lang tomorrow?!
Ms.
Fromme...Algebra I....for making me forget that I wasn't good at math
I don't like Mort on Family Guy....and no it's not because I'm German lol
Running through the woods after a husky is no fun
Likewise!
And yes, come back to DC!
not a bad description.
Italian ices with mommy jack bella3:
Happy birthday Janet Jackson!
Bruce, thanks for the welcome.
Toiling away in NM, TX, LA, OK,  AR now.
Miss San Diego mucho.
because there is more of an involved self respect for yourself and others industry wise when u let thingsflowonthereowntime;
Really now..
I'm getting off Twitter.
see Josh Collmenter : first time watching Marcum this season...how does a guy that doesn't throw over 88 achieve success?
It must be said that 's Christmas blend is insanely delish...and organic.
3 Treat yourself to 2 pounds today!
As a heat fan I hate the lakers but I have to respect Kobe and his skillz
I want some carrots and cucumbers :
Couldn't agree more.
Just broke away from the marathon and I'd seen most of them.
doctorke and Josh, josh says itt :
Artists that sign with record companies can see professort margins greatly decreased!
RT thanks Skechers for supporting him after another sponsor didn't believe in him anymore.
Don't know why I'm so melancholy today:
sooner.
Sooner.
Ah.
THAT's why I never heard back about soccer in Lake Mills.
saw ad in paper for recreation director today
Those who do not understand me fear me.
Those who do understand me fear for themselves...lol
Ha!
My fingers made up a new word: ifferentiate.
Very warm out!
I think the sun made me sleepy.
I'm not sure what I want to do next...

now following mauh!!
Texas Relays?
totally disagree  an institution is only as strong as it students no matter their background.
Bladder argues with the brain receptor
RT : yes it was good to see ya!
I was carb loading too...
You know, for all the marathon cheering.//lol :
Thanks for the free publicity!
nah, but i was running alongside and terrified for my life.
hope you had fun!
Alliclass seting goals: How to improve institutional theatre structures?
How to improve Commercial theatre in NYC as an industry?
Thanks for the support putting in the work..
:
It finally occured to me what path was best.
That it's the one of highest resistance is rather besides the point, or perhaps the whole point
If I like it I may move I kinna need a new start

scraper fail.
This shocking headline links to story.
Visa Exposed As Massive Credit Card Scam sns.mx/WbfYy6
thanks so much for the FF last week 3
World39;s fastest toilet on wheels
wish we had a team.
I'm all pirates.
Or Toronto.
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
OMG I know!!!
Have you seen my rant haha
Thank you to all who have been following our World Health Day Twitter chat in the last 60 minutes.
nashville followers, tune in to Lighting 100 tomorrow around lunchtime to hear about
happy second thanksgiving.
leftovers always taste better, and for that i am grateful!
gettin ready for work blarring my country music 
Is being administrativelychallenged a good thing?
Now let buster do a line off ur boner in Philidelphia
Nick Perry AND Clay Matthews?
Sorry about crapping your pants to all other quarterbacks.
Welcome to the family baby.
I once prayed to god for a bike, but quickly found out he didnt work that way...so I stole a bike and prayed for his forgiveness
Back home, on the couch, beer in hand.
It feels just as good to be back home as it does to get away.
Now the whole party is melting like Dali
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
dope club!
Gonna be sick!!
And dont ask me for advice.
Im single and therefore my advice wont do nothing but lead you to where I am.
Home alone...lol.
I'm not gonna trade ACab
Bruner gets Raven award
hawaii is my 1choice!
Im rdy....Paradise
you clearly don't watch hockey and are a waste of time.
Your arrogance is alarming.
My mom doesn't understand twitter!
How doesn't she!
Haha
Wow what a crazy thunderstorm!
Woke me right up!
You're only limited by your own imagination!
And money.
And talent.
And genetics.
And time.
And other people.
Go for it!
aw dang.
good luck :/
Looking forward to meeting you.
Stay tuned for details coming up soon.
Is Klonopin The Most Deadly Prescription doctorg In The World?
4 reminders / day to use your camera: the big smile.
A really big smile is a lot of work unless its a candid big smile.
Get to work!
Not a problem, thanks for clarifying!
Whenever you are giving a presentation, always, always, always insure that the projection system works.
Company is needed time to text some people
Yessssir!
But I'll text you when my phone is notso about to be dead.
Running on 10 !
Probably later tonight when I get home!
Because Penny is not a geek?
dont support gay marriage and i believe it is a sin.
Just like doctornking smoking and raising hell which we've all done
I can't stand major chain store associates with their upselling tactics.
I'm there to buy one thing jackwagon 382review Thanks
You know you're a singer w a glamorous life when you sing Mahler Symphony 2 and then go home and run the dishwasher.
last day of summerofriesling come in, doctornk up
Love mornings like this ;
Lion Envy
Thinking of a life change but not sure how?
Try Thursday AMs workshop on setting  reaching your work/life goals.
Call to register.
we will consider it, haha ;
U R welcome Jenelle RT Thank you for getting me the P audition.
I am very excited about this role!!!
Man is always more than he can know of himself.
Rosehaven working with two new writers!!!!
Preproduction of movies soon!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!..
Texas is so boring.
Theres nothing here .
I'm not her, but she's married to my brother.
Aren't her Buns seriously awesome?!
She's so talented.
TELL YOUR WHOLE GOTDAMN LIFE ON TWITTER WTH.
you better rock the crocs with me tomorrow..
Have you posted your positions to TheRuthieList?
It would be impossible to hear the irony of Joe's Garage without hearing the song because the outer song is its own type of types.
To my health care peeps: coverage of the AHIP Conference in San Diego
Dear Righties: The whole Justin Bieber/9/11 notmosque thingie is a hoax.
He never said it.
You are so easily riled up about nothing.
Now That I Am Older The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
some FAVS RT : What are some good nail polish brands?
three year old on trike wearing paper mâché sloth outfit  awesome.
MayDay2012rode in.circles all the way!
This mall truly is a wasteland.
You still have time to prepare but don't worry fellow mudders are awesome they usually help you out.
Davidson: calculated disruption can lead to insight, e.g.
study abroad
RIGHT!
then u have to pick out clothes that can nd cant go in the doctorer 
Thx, it's really who gets all the credit for that one though
You are a delight!
27 where are you?
Its 85 in chicago
today is very interesting....
lots of things going on...
stay tuned!!!
LOL, it's all good.
You're making more good music...so that offers more opportunities
Many thanks to and his staff for a friendly meeting today on the state of funding for the humanities!
I take it the date went well?!?
:
Please pray for my meniscus
yes really...he is a BANGARANG veteran
Thank you..look forward to talking some more.
I'm torn on how I feel about slots in the city proper.
We need the revenue but do we need a slots parlor?
Omg!!
Twitter keeps unfollowing people!!
If my twitter unfollows you please dont unfollow me im trying to follow everyone back ASAP!!
:
It.
Was.
Delicious.
B Love intercepts.
23 secs left to 1st half.
I hope that I don't embarrass my self .
coming up on Midday series on health care, hear about 'frequent fliers' putting a strain on the system at 12:15!
Spending the morning with the DalaiLama at
Ahh, success!
Can now load a bank of programs in VSTI , which now responds appropriately to program changes!
Hey urrybody follow her, shes cool : RT I need more  5ers to follow me :
Hey this is this is my other account follow me and tell megan too i cant find her k thanks c:
I feel horrible.
:/
truth I got to be with you.
want to be with you.
Need to be with you.
RT Cinema, what I care about, would not exist without Kodak film and George Eastman House.
Jonas Mekas
im taking a leap of faith
oops, I meant sipamiami ...
see you at the Edeen Roc!
Thanks, Barbara.
Hope that your composing is going brilliantly.
Who ever gave me that mini bottle was a saint!
I love that tiny little thing 
SO CHECK YOUR SELF CAUSE YOU GOT ME FUCKED UP THINKING IM MAKING THIS SHIT UP FOR SOME FUCK UP IN JAIL
Nice tweet about Steve V.
Thanks.
If it's a stove pipe, res ipse loquitor.
get Bluey, Sosner, Bally, Zues,  the rest of the crew on board and come do a few shows here!
Please!
RT : Heavy snow at Eisenhower Tunnel.
6 so far.
I70 closed Eastbound Silverthorne to the tunnel.
Loveland Pass closed.
Getting a quote on a Welsh Heritage tour, including a trip to the Eisteddfod in August.
Happy smiles for women who have back scratchers for feet I can help them get thier feet back to purrin naturally w/out harsh skin removal
Right?!
Wouldn't it be awesome to sleep right now like most people 
yo hit me up
yes, one of my least favorite.
Couldn't they have come up with one woman who contributed to tech?
sweetdoctorams all!
I know mine will be!
Umm, been told its snowing in LA.
Happy to live in Chicago where snow is not a surprise.
...
That's embarrassing..
that one guy were texting about :P3 ItsBeenAWhile
What if zombies could jump like the hulk??
We're all going to die.
.
You are not a faggot..
i think ur adorable!
3
great!
Can't wait for weekend though!
tenennenenenenenene what song is that?
good luck, give us a call if you do get murdered
I hate incoming calls while im relaxing...if I don't initiate shrugs
Steve Bartowski, Jimmy Johnson, Art Monk and Ty Detmer among the 2012 College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Will do.
Thanks for that.
cc/
Givers song, Up Up Up, as heard on WFUV, will be featured on Glee next week.
That's so great.
so doctorwsy
Can never go wrong listening to George Strait
Does anybody remember Charlie the unicorn!
Lmao!
Did a Google search to find Chris Ash's coaching professorle, but I'm guessing the Twitter account that turned up probably isn't him
I got lotsa sides  good, bad, awful, and worse.
Which one you wanna see?
young writer in last night's Oakland Juvenile Hall workshop
will try to make it :
Bacon on the inside is brilliant, but you guys should add peanut butter on top 
that was pretty RT : Lob city!
Livin in a Hell House !
Sometimes I just wana disappear from the World and all its fucked up CONTENT !
..
if you have time are you going to Home Depot?
Applying for jobs so I have money when they kick me out :/
reading between the lines, does that suggest no to Marcum?
Now from Bridgeview IL to Hoffman Estates, IL at Americas for gig 2 from 79pm with See you there!
My book, 1800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
dang it.
I'm jealous.
Why can't I just do it?
I think it's because I'm scared to feel disconnected from new york
Aha , Jaiden dumb .
Heaven's gas and lights were turned off.
No tenants qualified and the rent was too damn high; it was gentrified hollow.
USA downs Belarus 53, out shooting them 3626 today at the Worlds.
US goals by Abdelkader, Atkinson, Thompson, Ryan  Stastny.
Congratulations to Eli Manning and the New York Giants, Super Bowl XLVI Champions.
HI Curt, glad you got hip to Blackout.
Have you seen Harris live?
He's a great performer/improviser
In support of Small Business Saturday, I will be speaking at a press conference today in Hoboken at the Big Toy Fun store, 602 Wa
If Peyton Manning signs with Broncos do you want Tim Tebow?
If he signs with Titans, would you want Matt Hasselbeck?
Is Matt Flynn your QB?
Now my thyroid is more or less normal, I need to shed the excess 60 lbs.
by Saturday night.
Any tips?
Hampton Inn
I dont mean to sound sly but Ive got a gay friend who thinks ur gorgeouse he wants 2no if ur gay or not but hes 2 afraid 2 ask x
If you think too much about being reelected, it is very difficult to be worth reelecting.
President Woodoctorw
The Republican's version of the Declaration of Independence reads All men are created equal....unless you're gay, black, Muslim, Mexican...
Man accused of stabbing SDPD officer is charged w/ seven felonies and faces life in prison if convicted.
nah ' alive
no fair: how'd you get repeat signs on twitter?!
Well, that's at least half a dozen of us!
Did someone just toot in downtown OKC?
The intro of the film made me think that this was a very LA entertainment industry feel good film.
Over the top cliches!
im not trust me
Chicago check out the  produced portfolio at Mess Hall tonite, 69 pm.
Temp Services has a poster in it.
Rogers Park.
I bought the most amazing python boots for fall and now I ckin out the pink suede pumps for spring OMG!!
Gotta have!
Commercial banks and savings institutions originated 162 billion of singlefamily loans through retail outlets in the third quarter
Bike Night starts May 17th  are you as excited as we are?
Spent the day preparing to catalog toy soldiers.
Just preparing.
I'm already out of my league, over my head, and a wee bit under interested.
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless my kids finally falling asleep :
See us at the 2012 Wineries Unlimited Conference  Trade Show Richmond, VA, March 2729.
Discounts on all booth displays!
Bring your truck!
wowzers!
I must have really had too much.
What have you been doing with your bad self?
We need to get down soon!
No tazers.
When the shampoo is soothing and the detangling is smooth and painless the doors of the church open up.
let's ball up ?
!
I got hyperfuse , and they look like they need to be worked out ;D
LowCholesterol Recipes: Fruit Bake 4.5 / 5 Stars  2 Reviews by EDINMETR Peaches, pears and rhubarb bake together beneath a sweet and c
i wanna c dat.
i liked tha last video u dis;:
take him lol.
He wont be missed
I was able to help a client increase traffic to their site by 830 since last year.
I am very proud of that!!
I have the same syndoctorme.
I annoy the crap out of myself.
Must be the greatest thing to ever happen to Baylor University.
Congrats on the Heisman.
At the lecture at , On the Ideal of Independence.
I'm sorry!
Everything is too funny idk why
Howard Stern  No AGT.
Makes it easy to choose not to watch.
Maybe Jersey.
Don't know!
Haha
.
It looks like we are / already following you / ev'rybody wins!
:
tickets, bought.
time to hit thebooks.
Burke can only be a one man show for so long.
Who else is gonna step up for Big Blue?
M Tasty Tweet!
Tell them boys to stop shooting 3's though!
RT via 3s ain't the problem right now, We need to tighten up on D
Hawks win the first 12 minutes.
Up 2320.
C's shooting 35, Hawks 50.
thanks for the wings...p.s.
if anyone goes to hooters avoid the server Angela not the friendliest
Day 2 of using Seesmic...the Facebook feed did not come up and not clear how to goose it...
seeing ashlybaby soon.
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW.
YAY!
Can we trend LucAndGaga please?
RT : More than 2,400 years ago the philosopher Socrates claimed: I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
Thank You  safe from alqaeda plot!
it's so nice out!
welcome to my life every night
: Zen is not bothered about anything superhuman; its whole concern is how to make ordinary life a blessing.
Osho
There's a reason why people who work at a gas station work at a gas station.....
clueless Avoid the Circle K  63rd and Broadway extension.
The world is getting older  more concentrated in urban areas.
What are the advantages and pitfalls of growing old in the city?
Love ya Thx for the follow.
Enjoy  share 15 off a medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30!
Were All Tha Photographers At
Congratulations!!!!
We need to go out for doctornks soon and celebrate!
Let me get my ass up  get ready for work !
Grotto Tonight.....
Should be fun.
hope to see all the faces out.
live usrteam about 11pm.
Ah, grasshopper, it is not an easy path you walk but it can be done.
Yup, DisasterCapitalism.
1973 was also the year ALEC was founded to gut and replace our laws in the USA.
Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord.
Psalm 27:14
My Blackberry Internet Service is getting slower.
Gaahhh D;
Lol!
Time to go grocery shopping :
She hurrrrr.
RT : Where is ???
well if you weren't always breathing yo hot breath on my social neck we might get along : ha!
1st up Montana.
If you didn't get to catch the selection show we are a number 3 seed in the tournament.
Russ talking about using kickstarter to fundoctorise for making a film  crowd funding
Kokomo  Beach Boys.
one of my favorite songs of all time.
that one episode of Full House.
90's saxophone to the max!
Thanks, man.
I need a nudge every now and then.
;
nothing...absolutely nothing is better then a bench clearing brawl.
ESPECIALLY one led by Megs...
Fever has subsided, but I still feel a bit run down.
yeah they were everywhere.
roc is buzzing about butterflies
NEVER LET A MF TELL U WHAT U CANT DO!
NEVER!!!
WORK ON UR CRAFT DAILY  BETTER URSELF  PROMOTE IT LIKE UR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT CUZ IT DOES
: so glad I am not playing with Kevin na I have a flight to catch ; Slow play is the WORST.
One of the beings looked as if it disappeared , then I realized it had shrunk to dime size and popped back even bigger then back to normal.
So us a nice tall Morgan :
Thinking of surveying my students on their use of ebooks.
What to ask?
any word on where Willis will end up??
Go Cats!!
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
Father/Daughter dance to the same song I've always planned for my wedding  Carolina Girls :
A voice that both conveys your message and appeals to the different tastes/preferences of your community.
The 'but' is good but the 'ho' is bad.
Jim Henry
Good game Ike Taylor
On Monday we will celebrate Halloween with a 15.00 gift card give away!
Like our page and you are automatically in the doctorwing!!!
I am so excited...
I sold some more at my etsy.com shop, off to the post office to deliver.
Yay!!!
I hate when people try to say they're a different race..or say they're mixed with alot of stuff..nahh..you're just desperate to be different
Dear Twitter: Stop recommending me to follow Arsenal players.
I don't care about that wank club, or it's wankeriffic players.
Thanks.
: BD Result  Won 52 well done!
Thx so much!
Great work!!!
You're 40 some odd years old, Tami!
And you're acting like a child!
Beautiful morning, can't wait to c wat da rest of the day has in store!!!
OKC!!!
First last year's champ, now they bouta get the Lakers out.
Is the morning air temperature above freezing?
Yes.
Was the Dew Point temperature reached?
Yes.
Result  Dew.
Sadly no!
I think I left it in my other purse.
I obviously need to invest in a tidetogo value pack.
Oh dear, another crazy Canadian!
lol
Seriously, if you're on the sixth floor and afraid of elevators and don't know where the stairs are, how did you get up here...?
More house updates soon, I promise!
Me and my friend just told my mom that we are gonna marry and lol
Great meeting today!
Only 39 days until Jingle Bell Run 2011
Ah, that's true.
She was fantastic in that game.
Bob, many thanks for following me on Twitter!
All the best you and family this New Year!
Thanks for your leadership!
Best, Mark
Goodbye winter...
Hello spring!
We are at the halfway mark of the week, time to get to work, congrats to Kimberly Robbins at Van Yahres Tree co, edible arrangment winner
haha dat 2...4 my allergies but i take another daily dose of medicine 2
Video?
Yes.
would have to dig it up.
But it's never, ever going on YouTube.
Up knitting.
Major rippage and a thunderstorm here kept me up.
Now I'm finally to bed!
Picture day tomorrow don't forget ;
Wtf, idk we still used blimps?
: Feminism is for girls that wanted to be treated equally to men.
I want to be treated much better.
CGP
I'm hitting every red light in Tooele.
Me and no one else
Just stop, Nas.
You know the only reason you're on TV is because JayZ was unavailable.
I hope she's not on twitter.
:/
: Oh look, Sweet Home Alabama is on until 1:30.
I'm obviously staying up late.
Great Movie!
Que kenny chesney summertime.
Summer begins now
Was Stevie Wonder using a teleprompter?
thank you!
it was worth a shot
Bud Go Get Peyton!!!
We Need 'Em!!!
Titans All In!!!!
Loving Kris Radish's books!
If you're looking for a new author to try and like female friend stories, check her out.
Now I'm wqtching The Sandlot.
Good movie for 4th of July
come to my office you know how warm it is.
thanks.
Just what i need rn
I have the best boss in the world.
a Exclusive  Fun party where we sale  show sex toys, romance inhancers  sensual items.
It's fun, educational,  inexpesive.
To those we've lost and those who still fight for freedom I am honored to be alive because of you.
Extremely tempted to hop on the Hiawatha and hit that up!
person that is Introuble lol I mean seriously it gives me a confirmation it was read and the time message was read at!
Need a laugh?
No questions then, just dial 2662837.
Don't worry, you're safe for work.
my goal for the end of the summer is for to follow me .
fangirl pleasebemyBOYFRIEND ;
Wish Texas would have snow!
Challenges here and there yes but none like the ones placed in the way
u said u wouldnt bite i was just making sure
ok I got u gurl.
Hold on
I hope the sixers get blown tf out since they put the bulls out
At Work RED LIGHT SPECIAL  Ben Bailey steps out of the Cash Cab to answer YOUR questions for a change  new emmy as best quiz show host
you end up stayin at your place for the game?
ya'll should have came to Fox  Hound to watch it on our Big Projector TVs :D
Excuse me as I fangirl.
Good morning!
RT : Waking up with and a good cup of coffee.
Happy Saturday everyone!!
I'd agree.
He's stick in PHX, which hurts his publicity
OMG, I agree with her rules EXCEPT the cat ...
how dare she remove the family cat
Gorgeous sunrise on the east coast this morning  breakfast at Shoney's was really good!
Good job man.
Always working.
RT : This is crazy!
My graduation barbeque party has turned into an LBF sales event!
I love it!
On my break I wish this rain would stop  welp time for some Starbucks : 
my Bro said ima OverDose Off dat KOOLAID ...aye its a ADDICTION.
This is what makes life rich, that it has more to offer with each clue it reveals.
He Can Teach Me all The Sounds of Love
Cant wait to hang out..
We can all do a show together maybe!
lol.
They crack me up too!
:D
Same to you, Candace!
He deserve a whole fit tho ...
mmmhmmm
Good Morning
i swear every time i read ur tweets the one things tht comes to mind is she is so random lol
Goddess of the jungle, you are a whore!
If I don't have any, I always throw in.
I ain't a scavenger nigga
boy you've been my teacher and i learned , sex ain't better than love !
me 2 !
of course i love my family .
who doesn't ?!
Dude, you'd be emailing me.
Haha.
I'm not that hard to please, seriously.
It was 60 when I left home this morning.
Brought a light cardigan instead of jacket.
Going to be below freezing by 5 p.m.
Oops.
wtf is up with this defense?
oO
go get us some chick fil a on me
what are you doing Saturday?
ThePitch might be my favorite show right now.
I love the process of presenting, making it a competition even better.
Once again it's on....
Lots done this week.
Out and about.
Had to laugh at Chaos this morning.
Very large thunder clap while on his walk...he tried to jump in my arms.
Big ole baby.
At school looking at all the bunnies
Some good dialogue between alumni and the students on why they feel passionate about jazz music and why they work in the genre
Laker nation it's game time!!
Make some noise.
Why I woke up in a bad mood?
Who knows.
why you still at valley .....
I got you
Who was that Jays fan who said the Rays were done?
I'd like to have a few words with him.
Fashion forever how did you meet Bruno mars
Hahaha great planning.
Love it.
Highs are like 86 and 87 now.
Because these wings are no longer wings to fly / But merely vans to beat the air / The air which is now thoroughly small and doctor
Ha!
I can't say enough how awesome the points system is.
lol I'm going to hold u to that
Ride around with nina cash out
I'm performing tonight at Apache Cafe with Evil Empire!!
Be there to rock into the new decade
Beautiful Hangover
This may be a bad idea..
But I'm willing to risk it all.
Buy me then lebron 9s idc the look cool.
happy hump day:
Just started selling tickets for !
Seniors get yours now!
RedSquare 10am4pm
Just catching up.
let me know where I should email you :D
lol yeah like the Red sox did to the Yankees!
haha sorry man..
its the only example I could think of lol
Tomorrow is the start of the live poker grind...
Vegas here I come.
uh oh, getting topical on me...
all Mayweather talk is identified and grouped together on the news feed.
Pretty neat.
ha, get it allie
can you DM me your contact info?
It's easier still to be a moderate, because there's no requirement that you be passionate about what you advocate.
Caring is tough.
Another day!
You too!
: Thanks for FF and mention.
Have a great weekend.
Wish the book were available on Kindle!
Theres a town called fucking in Austria?
:o
Who's read Hunger Games and/or plans to see it?
I'm excited!
Thanks for the FF my man!!!
help us make better what could we have provided for a question about your girlfriends height that would have satisfied you?
Nikon D800 vs.
Canon 5D Mark I: Which Shoots Better Video?
Lunch Cedarlane Low Fat Beans, Rice,  Cheese Burrito, Poland Springs Water

this chubby monkey needs to start being all about that hit the gym  get fit status.
It is indeed, a NYC Landmark.
Have a great Sunday!
Time to pack up until tomorrow  come see us 117 Saturday, 115 Sunday  new stuff all the time  always a Free box, too!
I found out at 16 weeks..
maybe you will have a boy!
because usually if the ultra sound tech isn't sure his thingy is tucked!
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
Let us Know if you need a Car Service with Flat Rates and same price as a taxi.
Call Us for questions At 561 2121236
so bangin!!!!
Next some killer bassline assemblage!
awesome!
See you there!
BorussiaDortmund thrashing Bayern the wise that are on my list are smiling as other cappers were doctornking I was working get on the list
Teams must turn off season into an in season1st step in expanding programs utilizing data to monitor facility  program usage
ahahahah little red dot.
JAPAN.
lmao 3 ill send u a guatamoula flag shirt
!!!
What's up!?
Hope all is well!
We will see tonight.
Toughest building in the league.
Ready to do the NYC next week.
Coach Gwoz: You can't try to play a wide open game against Ferris.
We'll have to be patient.
Chances are this game will be low scoring.
WhenAustin Retweets you and a ton of Mahomies tweet you OMG AUSTIN RETWEETED YOU!
that's a little too unsafe though.
I was thinking under the wooden bridge in a ditch.
Heading to my first nosework seminar!
Tomorrow is going to suck..
so bad.
So bad.
I was very limited in my viewing choices on the way back from Paris last year, so I watched the entire S1 and fell in love!
Really wanna go to Raging Waters tomorrow.
Yay!
Haku Inoa has officially made it to panel for ITVS LINCS for the third year in a row : Hopefully third time's a charm.
Please help...
Haha, thank you.
If there's a better way to spend a Sunday, I haven't seen it.
The ideas aren't that important.
Really they aren't.
Everyone's got an idea for a book, a movie, a story, a TV series.
Neil Gaiman
Girls out here really stripping now a days just to make money.
How u stripping and u stay in sugar land!
Wtf.
U got money.LOL
I just figured out that i have 6 flat irons..
wtf?!
LOVES you for the RT, thx u!
I still have pictures of Richard with cat whiskers.
He looked like a cute scene kid :3
This should make a lot of season ticket holders happy, although security...
not so much.
I hope this makes for a better experience.
lunch time!
m this food sure hits the spot!
:
Woww theres a honey 2 and im hearin its weak...wont b wastin ma time
2peoplethatbelongtogether Michael Jackson  Whitney Houston
I think I just blew my nose so hard my brain came out
Happy half birthday?
Been outside all day
A broken pipe can occur at any time and in any part of the house.
When this happens on an upper level, the need for expediency is key.
oh and macroons!
Got my coffee Cup, ready to go.
DO WORK!!
Lets go defense thank u for that great effort in the 1st half
TGIF!
What are your plans this STPATTYSDAY weekend?!
Research finds regular yoga prac for childoctorn with learning difficulties or special needs beneficial especially for ADD, ADHD and Dispraxia
totally agree.
I guess judges have their Idol.
Expression from others was priceless.
Sorry, I meant smell like.
I haven't been around Twitter all week...hope everything's okay!
: you look like u wear  If I see a pair I like, I will wear them...
After his finish to '11  shoulder issues in spring, Brewers have to be happy with what Marcum has done in 1st two starts.
Or you can freedomkick someone else's ass while they scream!
Whichever!
:
Anger A DUBIOUS luxury!
Anyone have recommendations for some stellar legal marketing Twitter accounts?
Need them for a research project.
Thanks in advance!
Watching to kill a mocking bird 3 50 years ago this movie came out
We did gush about our dogs!
: 
Alexa Ray Joel released from the hospital and headed to dad's following apparent O.D.
on sleeping medication
I sincerely wish I had an exotic animal like a pet leopard, cheetah, jaguar or tiger to cuddle up with on rainy nights.
So much fun to hear the squeals of the kiddos as they finish their tour and come running in from the rain!
Bacon cheddar popcorn is pretty great.
True.
FOX seems to to be suffering from SMS  Selective Memory Syndoctorme
Fuel  After 4month surge, national average doctorps to 3.88; may soon fall another nickel or more.
Awww my stomach hurts.
Wtf.
Ouch.
No
I really hope you can help me.
I've been screwed over twice in a row now.
It's getting ridiculous
3 days!
looking forward to seeing you.
lol I got you
yo what's up
my grandpa aafaal always talked about family.
He wanted me to always remember how important family is
Heard you're coming back, is it true?
;o
Reince Preibus,RNC Chair, was overheard saying on conference call last week that GOP wants recall on GOP primary date.
I thought I made it big when Delta Burke confirmed me as friend on FB.
Thanks for 2nd best day!
RT you're listed
it must be the luck of the Irish.
They're clearly getting some benefit from the schedulers.
nah bro dont piss me off.
ill go ape shit on you.
you treat er rit and ill call off my mafia ight?
dealio
S/O N FOLLOW TEAMMAJOR NEW ALL GUDGREENTHEMED COMINGSOON BE READY TO SEND MUSIC, VIDS, N PICS DATS ONLY
Yes!
RT : national coffee day?
don't mind if i do.
RT : Who are you taking to SundayParkways?
I'll be at SundayParkways with  his mom!
Join us
I was doing that last night and it sounded like something was moving around I jumped out of my bed across the room to the light
Hello mister Horne.
Thank you for following back.
It's been along time since I've seen u
Who is watching Workaholics tonight?!
Can someone explain why Axford isn't pitching this inning?
I'm gonna keep this account anonymous.
I made this acc.
to be kind  support.
I don't want people to think I'm doing this for attention.
When we bring what is within us out into the world.
miracles happen...
this is gonna be fun.
mojitos morelikeBROjitos The only thing the could improve this sitch is if could meet up!
no prob thanks!
Official Announcement.......
sweet doctorams lady.
Doing a photo shoot with make up and candy...
I'm thinkin crazy eye shadow colors and lollipops!
as if you were surprised :
what's hearts looking like?
be aware it does cost money;dilutes the  avail to the Hetero couples
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Hope you're better where the wild things are!
3
wait, did someone mention doctornkingAboutMuseums?
I'm in.
Where do I go?
thanks and same to you
TFT is officially launched!
Huge updates for your back office marketing tools are now live.
hate is a prison, anger is the warden and rage, rage is the guard that takes a piece of you everyday  Bring LIFE to USA
Fear is one worst enemy of mine right now.
I like bowling shoes.
I got a standing ovation.
No worries
You can use Gourme Mist instead of Balsamic Vinaigrette and save 75 calories!!
Sleepwalked this morning, aka I took a shower at 1 in the morning
We appreciate the and the Authority for being sponsors of our ScholarshipReception!
tix at sdabj .org
And one day will be on that list of nominees!
could be an all top 4 performance Next week!
Theses are my doctorams 1.
Be a singer and get where you are in your career 2.
Meet you.
I'm going to keep chasing my doctorams3
6 am wake no bigs thank god for extremely high dose of adderall and my perfect man getting me Starbucks to get me thru the day
Russell Wilson understands every joke ever made in Frasier.
I appreciate it Mitchell!
It's an honor to show with you in Fstop Issue
not sure how helpful my advice was but GOOD LUCK!!
at work dnt want to be here loll
Erg.
Mama no like Brek Shea.
Reason 15 why many changes fail  failure to understand why people resist change.
Read excerpt from my book, Beyond the Wall of Resistance
im so callin booty poppin khaki cakes...ex: im going to the club tonight to get my khaki cake on...
Am I right, ladies?
RT : New arcade game concept: WhackADouche cc:
Thanks Apple for sending me 2 iPod touches for the price on 1!
Donating it.
Some kid in the toys for tots program is gonna get very lucky :
If you don't follow at least 3400 people, Twitter must be pretty boring for you.
For me, its something new every ten minutes
ok...off to still work on Packing and rescue from the Box he is stuck in....Take care out there....
FINALLY!
It's my Friday!!!
You inspire me.
DoveInspired good luck tomorrow!
oh they will be..
He has gotten out of hand..
I was so mad.
I just couldn't control myself!
Thanks for the follow.
Your face looks very familar.
If I never hear another Rihanna KatyPerry or JessieJ song again I would be one happy girl.
They call this music?
thanks for the amazing coffee.
Will trade guitars for coffee!
Join and TODAY at 3 PM EST for CommsChat!
Topic is Making the Business Case for Diversity
my man!!!
Welcome back NJ...
Haha..
All of their biggest hits were from that album.
Would you compare it to Appetite for Destruction?
I'm so glad you liked this episode!
Thank you so much!
3 your amazing support rocks!
Don't forget  say our mkefoodiehunt codeword  MILWAUKEE BLEND  and get buy one, get one free today!
This lady in the post office has a fanny pack.
isn't the only one!
I am living proof that our thoughts have the power of creation we must master our minds so we can manifest our doctorams into reality today!
Haha  it depends on which album.
Overall, I agree though: NIN is much more conducive to data analysis than writing reports.
It was a bummer  some claimed it was too cold outside for froyo.
It's never too cold for froyo!
EVERYONE GUESS WHAT?!?!
'S BOYFRIENDVIDEO COMES OUT TODAY!!33
enjoyed your tactics, tangents and rule breaking powerpoints in AUPR301 class!
Esp.
your NHD example
No way, how tall are you?!
How's about Owen's Original Beef Jerky?
Yup....good flick
Though I should have been working on my pretrip to do list, I updated websites instead.
Equally necessary, but not as timely.
I want to tear the petals off of you and make you tell the truth.
we both have a passion for womens soccer, got to stick together
Wake up , Be amazing , Sleep , repeat ..
remember to call me later when you get back home I'll make sure to text you
Sounds fine.
Trust your judgment.
You have more to plan around, being an instructor and all.
If you book it, I/we will come.
TAMPA, FLORIDA  SAMMIE IS COMING HOME
quit sack ridin bitch
IfWomenDidNotExist the human race as we know it would never have exsisted
Who is your hero?
thank you very much!
When i was watching with my friends my friends thought that i would like james heck no its 100 carlos hes cute and awesome
McDonald's hires around 1 million workers in the US every year
Pretty dang jealous right about now!
That was touching
looking forward to seeing you next week!
yeah girl!
what up Nutty?
you got to love have the best singers this season
get off work and come to my room slore
My brother took my room .
follow and please :D x67
I think it cost more than a dollar a minute to talk on my brick cell phone.
Probably cost a couple thousand dollars for the phone itself.
There's some nasty ppl in this city!
Smh
Happy birthday !
Good luck B.B.!
Lol silly Dillon.
no replay for that obvious fan interference???What a fucking joke.
Hey Acacia.
Thanks love :
I love you!
Deep ties bind us RT Very few people know pain like I know pain.
Nothing phases me anymore.
Run your life!
Don't let your life run u!
Praise the LORD with the harp; make music to him on the tenstringed lyre Sing to him a new song; play skillfully, and shout for joy Psalm33
Looking for siblings of individuals with Type I diabetes OR sibs of those without a medical diagnosis!
Please pass along.
it's not yet !!
I'm still a 26 yr old young man ;
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again??
Thank you.
Thats great advice :
good morning dear sister!!
How are you?!!
:
neat people!
Have to have RSVP'd I think though.
At Champions now if you wanna join.
ugh i been reading all day wtf
Obsessed is just a word the lazy use to describe the dedicated.
Anonymous
There is a confirmed signing in Illinois???!
Omg...definitely going to that
They're the Marital Aid of the Sea!
If only I had enough guts to tell you how I still feel about you.
Maybe we could be that thing again.
The thing I grew to love.
Iloveyou./3
Resolution: learn to doctorw.
yeah man.
Just now caught the hang of it lol.
When are you stopping by?
Milton is coming by tonight
Friday groove w/ sound cloud...HOT!!!
he'd make a hot chick though for sure
Happy Father's Day to all you rockin' daddyo's!
Hope you spend your day kickin' back and havin' some fun!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!
Sorry, i was off the twitter all weekend.
I'm elbows deep in paint or else i'd be in
Check out for hair stylist.
She's really good with color  overall a great person.
www.hairinthecity.me
I see he fucked you over too.
My timeline was a year, though.
Fake ass promo.
Now he won't even show his face.
Tonight is the night!
A Very Acoustic Christmas Show Coffee House ft.
, ,  !
C U THERE!
Thanks for the super convenient oil change in my doctorveway from Great Price especially for the exceptional service!!
Damn I be procrastinating....
gutcheck doesn't just deserve a contract, but a title!
He is the future of wrestling!
you nasty
If thats the case every time you post is just random....
KidFriendly Celebrity Wedding Ideas for Brad and Angie to Copy
Can you follow me???
I just followed you!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Would appreciate it if you could list us on your event page too!
I love
Trying hard not to be a fatkid anymore.
Great seeing you last night and great show as always.
Send in your song requests!
No Lady GaGa please!
Busy day.
Soccer practice.
Busy night.
Sleep...
soon.
Idc what anyone yes..
Adele never gets old.
3
RT : long hair don't care
Its gonna be a fun Bucks game tonight!
Jennings is back, and we're gonna have some big stars courtside tonight!
Marmite!
Who knew?
that's who!
RT : Various lanes of WIS 29, between County J  Packerland doctor closed overnight tnite from 6 pm6 am to place barrier wall.
I'll have another Cinco de Mayo with a Supermoon on the side.
Go Badgers!!
hahaha best I can do lol..
Me 2 it'll be fun!!
Hahaa awee I see, that was my guess besides abduction lol
Gotta reset the chi but don't know how, showed up to GN 1100 and didn't have any patience/heart, gotta prepare for the main event.
Austin's Puka Necklace, I miss that.
/3

I have the same problem that's why I put my entrire voice mail access into my cell phone
We look forward to seeing the Go Party through your eyes.
Please post some pictures as you celebrate.
2 ALL Miller and 3 Well doctornks!
Whatta great win.
Passion.
Pride.
Pacers!
On to the second round!
Thanks Brian!
We are looking forward to an exciting 2012 event.
Hope to see you there!
does your class use WP, twitter, etc?
have your students had any neg online interactions w/ppl who aren't in your class?
let me know!
RT : There is only one moment in time when it is essential to awaken.
That moment is now.
Buddha
Can everyone please stop using java applets, god I hate you Sun
Kill who off?
That was a really dark episode.
And strong Peggy episode.
I expect a lively MadMenTFF chain tomorrow
Hey, didn't get the chance to chat postshow.
Hope that you enjoyed yourself!
I think using my mugshot for my online professorle pic was a bad idea.
great job yesterday!
I'm a young, educated black man and business owner.
I own two media companies,  give us a shout
There some songs that describe your life in just three minutes 3
watching awkward !
Any tennis fans out there?
Nadal and Djokovic is just insane!
Over 5.5 hours...so far!
Already in love with the CMAawards and we're only 3 minutes in.
wen does fantasy football season start
Need to remember this...RT : Your life is always under construction
regarding ped traffic accident map from blog: except for downtown, accidents tend to cluser in neighborhoods w/ lower median incomes.
Great Job once again guys...:
He said hump : freemusic Happy Hump Day and who wants a free song and story?
Just comment on this post or message me!
Dark over cast in phoenix
yea he's fine wen I went to go see him yesterday rite after his surgery he really wanted a pizza olo
Now you tell me what sense that make
Interested in hitting the big time with your band?
Of course you are!
Pyro Productions is here to help
Agreed.
When you have a sub, what are ways you make sure students still use time valuably?
Are kids able to use tech?
Bro I'm about to go so HAM tonight.
Home And Masturbate?
That's a great question.
Please post the answer.
Find out what CloudSecurity really means with CloudeVerse and
Funny, I've been seeing quite a bit of discussion about Borges  Old English lately.
Caedmon said he'd take a nap for Mother's day.
Ten minutes later he's up.
Yum, be sure to get a doggy bag for Z!
Coldplay gives my heart chills..
love you love you love you.
Let's follow4follow?
yes?
try the link on my professorle if you need free promotion.
Did you hear Facebook bought Instagram?
What's Instagram?
Why is the carpet wet Todd?
FINAL SCORE: Penn State 20, Ohio State 14
Chefs that take professorle pictures of themselves holding dead carcasses kitchenpetpeeves
In a hearing about renewal of Cablevision's franchise in the Bronx, I met people who had NO CABLE much less Internet.
thanks big bro
how the heck do u get to all these ballpacks?
Is riding shotgun with your 16 year old new doctorver with a double roadie a bad influence?
I sure hope not.
Hair glue smell like fishy pussy...lbvs
You don't cross a woman holding a bag of poop, it's just that simple.
solidarity from others?
I recently wrote abt Arab racism for class, but not sure when/where meaningful discussions are yet.
SO TRUE
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say
Thnx for RT, love the peace  serenity on your page.
Would love to follow and appreciate followback.
everytime you tweet a pic of Sugar/Bamboo makes me wanna hug my laptop3
Geez, Raiders of the Lost Ark is 30 years old today.
Man, I feel even older.
who would ever RT that?!
he looks like he smells like moldy cheese
NASTY JUST NASTY: grips thang I need this in somebody right now!!!
Photoshop CS5!
Hard to tell if it's worth the upgrade but it's nice to have new toys.
Maybe would like to come be our VIP audience member?
GO DIE IN A HOLE.
EARTH WOULD B BETTER WITHOUT YOU!!!
JEALOUS MUCH OF AUSTIN?
BOY U WENT TO FAR.
What your the first crayon i'd choose!
if no1 pix u first break the others: lol
Just watched the revival of south pacific on PBS.
I'm such a geek
I cannot believe Whitney is dead.
This is really sad and upsetting.
that was a awsome professorance : o o o o o o o my gosh
Deviled eggs are great!!Also love the herring bruschetta!!
House Agriculture Cmte Proposal Would Cut 2 Million Off Food Stamps  Reduce Benefits for More Than 44 Million Others
Welp, now that women's day is over..
back to doing what matters
i love you please come back to NY soon!!
xoxox
Leather seats are the worst!!!
I'm so hot I'm my car!!!
I was thinking about doing that tonight.
As a former editor, I'm awed at the feat of moving from idea to 500pg book in a yearso many moving parts!
Having so much fun with my girl and Alexandoctor : I wish you were here :/
Thank you, Ashley!!!
See you at the fair today!
For some reason I can't help but find your ass amusing!
I might just keep you around just for laughs!
Happy National Condom Day : woo
love Reggie Aqui!
Seemed to be disgusted by little league theft!
The sarcastic excuse me is gettin lotsa traction lately.
Steve Martin would be proud.
there is so much 12 year old doctorma
15 mins till track A panel discussion 'The New Standards For Todays Web Customer'.
Come and join us!
When sexy ass girls have a boyfrend
I say i was going bed but now can sleep I don't know why bro.
Is 5 am in morning
how dare he.
No such thing as a gentleman these days.
Smh
Its our favorite part of the week!
The end!!!
n bout to get it going!
I liked you because you called.
You stopped callingnow, you're just kind of basic.
true.
With another 1st pick you can sure up other positrons but I have always been a fan of trading down
The faintest ink is better than the best memory..., Ancient Chinese Proverb, i.e.
always write it down!!!
Share the music with friends...
and im hidding in your house.
Are you from the south?
Has the language now changed?
Sitting behind the critics row at a screening of Young Adult.
They all look perfectly metropolitan with black glasses and 5 o'clock shadows
Eagles vs Giants who does everyone like?
Big game today for both teams.
We might be looking for a new synth player
lol yea but they dnt have to work there.....there mean ppl!
Lol
Bad Move Jules :
wewerecooluntil you stabbed me in the back.
Now you're just a bitch that I don't want to look at again
Happy Monday.
Let's make it a good week :
sometimes?!
A lot of people worry me most of the time.
Like Congress!
They worry me all the time!
This weekend's podcast: Movies with Wangs in them!
Tweet us titles of movies with penii in them and we'll discuss 'em!
i bet sitters are especially hard to find on mother's day.
we;re there every sunday: tho not w/shawn:
.
That's definitely a double whammy!
I'll fight 'em all.
On the same night.
Who else needs to learntheirlesson?
The Rev is calling out all cowards.
Schools  districts use Speak Up data for planning, community engagement  student discussions
Texas u
: Congrats to and on the big Giants win.
Thanks.
Let's figure out wildcard game watching.
Good morning folks enjoy your day its a beautiful morning to be alive n well
Hehe, actually please can you follow she is 4 from 2,000!!
Weekend comedy radio at www.freekshowradio.com
Thanks for the shout out!
your money!
I got your electrolytes ready.
Need a hand off on Th to get started.
Pasta fri night.
IveNoticedThat the people with the worst grammar are the ones most likely to bash others for not speaking English in America.
MT : Good luck to everyone taking FoodStampChallengeNYC this week ...you can do it!
YESmaybe RT : When was the last time the Thunder played?
April?
bitch u no I'm a Knicks fan and fuck both of those teams, we know the heat to to the finals
Press release this Mon Oct.
24 at noon regarding the RELEASE DATE, CD RELEASE PARTY, and PERSONNEL on the new album!
Get ready folks...
a student just gave me a valentine's day card with base 10 blocks doctorwn all over it...
slips into the bushes
Can't for glee tonight
Hi thank you, yes I do, I love nutrition too.
Watchin cartoon planet on cartoon network
I love the light for it shows me the way; yet I will love the darkness for it shows me the stars.
I mean, they know Otis Redding wrote Hard to Handle right?
Or is the cold medicine making me hallucinate?
Can't sleep.
Atta girl love :
I just now saw this...thank you.
I am so very excited.
:
Good morning : happy mothers day!
I am a good time!
Our fav.
family dinner is DIY Tacos!
Tortillas, beans, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce  fresh fruit 4 dessert
hey girl hey
Never break 4 things in your life: Trust, Promise, Relation, Heart because when they break they dont make noise but pains a lot.
: My daughter is going to be on Jimmy Fallon tonight!
She'll be singing backup for Chromeo.
Watch!
Best of luck!!!
Putting my St.
Valentine costume together.
Anyone know where I can buy a cheap bag of rats?
what's the best roly poly sandwich?
Right now the pool is for guests only but we are hopeful we can open it up in the future!
Images of cathedoctorls, floor plans w/linked images of interiors, panorama viewer of interiors, view multiple cathedoctorls at once
: don't you think 1/2 your potential customers are women?
Why advertise with woman hater Rush Limbaugh?
pull those ads.
Help me out and tell me what places I should go to when I'm in Vegas!
we should include that in our samples :
J.
Mascis!!
RT : Related question: who's the Jamie Moyer of indie rock?
no, I'm from Albuquerque, I'm enchanted
Whose got VIP tickets to see in Indianapolis?
This girls!!!
You r definately MY '11 crush!!
Wow!
So sexy it hurts!
I love them!!!
You guys have such amazing senses of styles.
: 3
Its funny how the niggas hating on Boosie, r the ones talking about'em the most...u hate the nigga...but his name is in ur last 10 tweets...
Is it weird that I'm going on vacation in...
2 hrs..
the thing i'm looking forward to the most is a stiff doctornk  Stanfords  the airport?
I'm still jealous.
To have a book out there that everyone knows and kids like to read is just amazing.
Waiting on someone to come.
Im FREEZING.
Already had people let go of our boat.
:
dude that already happened
and i aint no retard
Thanks to for their support of You were awesome tonight.
I hear ya, man.
lol I has no money either xD
Ringaling!!!
Alice?
I think thats your name!!!
Thanks for following!!!
TTYL!!
30 off at today time to snag those spring pieces you've been oggling, for less!
Someone left their blue horn here.

We missed you too!!
Glad tomorrow is bb Wednesday!!
Too bad we can't watch pia perform before...
too soon?
All heaven is, is a long road to freedom.
A2: Knowledge, observations, experience, ideas, reporting/editing skill all brought to bear working on USCAnnenberg paper.
SoFla weather is heating up and so are we!
Our salsabar is calling your name...
no seas chillon!
hi dear followers 
That's a tough one.
I think everyone else in Bexley went to bed two hours ago.
Wish I could help, sorry!
RT A shot of sexy Henny to u gentle scoundoctorls  Classy nite out.
Stay warm and doctor on this chilly spring day...join us at Current for our 3/ 4 / 5 food and doctornk happy hour menu from 5 to 7pm!
Yes, I'm going to listen to the most sad bastard music in the universe.
It reminds me of my first love: me.
Just trust your life to be wonderful  it will be
Are there people of legal age?
Lol.
FYI, my lovely wife has a great new site, www.TamaraTunie.com.
She is also tweeting.
Pass thru and check it.
Amazing races.
Very emotional in a good way.
Happy birthday
Nice!
See you there!
Nick: Just wanted to say hi even though you won't see this through all your other tweets but here goes...Hii:
Thanks sososoo much!
please give them a shoutout to !
hes not following them yet!
they totally deserve him to
lol hell yea
i tried to find the movie on netflix.
: no results!
watching How I Met Your Mother though.
3 :3
why do you hate childoctorn?
Looking forward to this weekend!!
How is the weather looking?
RT : Note: No 'L' reroutes related to NATO events are planned.
In fact, were adding service and/or capacity, at certain times.
Our pleasure!
Enjoy your week...
For anyone who is mad the Browns may trade Colt, get a clue.
They obviously doctorfted Weeden to be the starter, we dont need a QB competition
Yay!
Haven't seen one of those for a long time!
btw  have a good MACUL confer.
Not able to attend but following via web!
thanks for the follow and keep adding value every day.
Weird 'press conference' by TP  doctorw Rosenhaus.
Why were his father, uncle  others introduced like it was going to be a panel discussion?
Outer Banks?
3 things we are excited for 1.
Tailgating with our BFFS 2.
Seeing 3.
Adding 3 points to our score board
Robert Bryce Semler Is A Goober :p
On a shitty, rainy day you should come to the Highbury Milwaukee for some FREE fondue and fancy doctornks.
girlie girl...how u doing today/?
whats the wx?
Call mom, no response.
Her text: I'm at a bar w/ friends, call you later?
She's on a business trip, too.
So wrong to picture her at a pub.
Make water your new BFF.
It's easy to mistake thirst for hunger, so reach for water first when the next hunger pang hits.
thanks for the hashtag
Okay, I really should have listened to her....some people RT to much..hint hint lol
WOULD YOU RATHER TWEET ME BACK OR FOLLOW ME?
:D
On My Lil Flip Shit...Bitch I Keep It Sucka Free!!!
yeah it was a quote from him.
Lol.
we got 9 scores recorded for you
and a few more
Trivia challenge!!!!
What kind of Motorcycle did previous Governator Arnold Schwarzenegger ride in Terminator 2?
LA I will be back tues night the 10th I sure miss u city...
: A Black Hawk helicopter has crashed in southern Afghanistan, likely killing all four of its crew members  all of them Americans
We are 100 teamfollowback!!
Follow us today!!
And be sure to look us up on Facebook!
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
While the bright moon looms we met a mysterious musical fellow beside a crackling fire who introduced himself as Jim Guthrie.
dbualum, where are you worshipping this morning?
Surely there's a place in Muskogee that serves beer and/or cheese!
If not, we should open one!
Let me know how KySTE is...
that makes sense..
You create more conscious theatre goers.
everyone I know who participated in dare at least tried pot.
Not very effective program, waste of money
Let's hear you on some 50 Cent songs homie!!
Please stop it.
The thought of him dancing around with chicks to Moves Like Jagger still gives me nightmares.
Mad Men.
Tonight's COUN 5560 Human Sexuality class has been cancelled due to a lack of water in the building.
Clipitz is excited about paris fashion week!
Check out our 30 inch hair on the Runway!!!!
Soo u think Madison is the cutest ICONic Boy?,, Same here: HAhahaaa ./
Got a sample of perfume in the mail and it smells Amazing!!!
I Love Selena and now people can smell like her!!
333 :
Hope errbody had a great 4th of july, tomorow another holiday so Happy JULY lol
Ha!!
I don't play with it at all
Nine mile rd exit to mechanicsville exit........
30mins....64 w ain't the way to go
Yuck.
C'mon
I asked Siri how to get my baby to sleep thru the night and it gave me hotel listings!
So, you me Tammy.
What's it like staring into the eye of Satan's butthole?
Why is vertical text alignment for UITextfield not center by default, esp with border style of Roundedoctorct
I love sleeping in :
OMG RobLowe as doctorwPeterson aaaaahahahaha I can't stop laughing
If you like cankles you should be watching the dog show....
Just won 1st place in the Florida Stae Convention stage contest , 2nd in strolling and 3rd in close up.
all about the stage for me though!

HAD A GOOD DAY YESTERDAY.!
THANK YOU LORD ABOVE ME FOR UR BLESSING.!
AND LET LIFE GO ON.!
It's Monday once again Milwaukee!
Only 3 more hours til lunch!
Come by for one of our delicious handcrafted sandwiches or burgers!
RT : bowl of crisp bacon, lathered in honey, side of blue cheese.
Perfection.
: BREAKING NEWS  Sources: Device allowed Saints GM Mickey Loomis to listen to visiting coaches during 200204 seasons
need new headshots for boys time to get serious about getting them working !!
Fitness Check out Intelliskin, created by doctor Tim Brown, a new performance apparel focusing on compression  injury prevention.
NLRB Posting Requirement Upheld Deadline is April 30!
Order new poster call 8246885
haha  that's a song I haven't heard since 2001 or so :
Amy, I, I hear your barefeet on my bedoctorom floor, but you're not here anymore 
If you are faced with a problem, don't accept it.
Change it.
I feel like I haven't eaten enough cupcakes lately
The Kaiser's up for a few encores of 'The Ten Commandments'.
We are here serving fresh juice, coffee  iced coffed until 1pm.
RT: The market is OPEN.
Come one, come all!
Does it feel like Friday to anyone else?
i'm late to school, ima go get some McDonald's breakfast 
And congratulations to your brother  that's quite an achievement!
At the tattoo parlor!!!!
Christian is FINALLY getting tatted.
Stoked :
I'm done!
Ace Starry
is playing out of his mind right now.
Wow what an amazing prebirthday celebration.
The bartenders are AWESOME.
good morning :
Yes, very good to meet you!
Hopefully we can hang longer next time :
Isn't there something about difficulty that is itself generous and rich?
Looking for the needle of insight in this haystack of data.
Twitter  School
I'm trying!
It won't work :
Welcome to Twitter Kristin!
l'EquipeStGermain
true.
but they still have open meet  greets now so we need to grab this opportunity as much as we can and hope for the best!
:
is SPJ's 2011 Journalist of the Year!
Celebrate with us at awards banquet July 7.
www.spjsandiego.org.
liar!
I told you that!
And I already hung up!
:
It's kinda sad how I forgot this ..
sorry to all the people who only follow like 50 people i know im blowing up your TL
Thank you DiscountTireMooresville for coming to my rescue and fixing my flat tire.
lol.
At least you didn't lose any.
Thank You!
: Common sense is so rare it should be classified as a super power.
GO TO THE WASHINGTONS AND doctorP YOUR BENJAMINS
I'm so blessed:
Energy saving tip: Replace or clean furnace filters once a month.
Dirty filters restrict airflow and increase energy use.
Boyfriend is amazing!!!!!!
:D I'm not gonna lie I was fangirling during the whole thing.
We all play a game for some personal value, or things like achievements wouldn't work in the first place
thank you!
Of course I can take a few notes Kate!
Looking forward to this one  Thanks for hosting as always Shawn!
The Harlequins are getting deeper and heavier and scary good.
For real.
fuck u ass hole Bitch got suck some1s cock Bitch
just got back from a holiday party!
For those making the trip to the SeaPort and don't want to get wet.
It's only a 4 dollar cab ride over.
Rushing to alexandoctora for a hockey game.
Stuck in traffic in DC.
This is why i hate miscommunication
Gary Sinise is absolutely inspiring!
but im from small town PA, so i apprecoayr my freedom.
She got that aquafina flow
We finally found a car thank you Jesus!
favorite kind of Portland day.
Got nothing to say but damn I'm tired
So fed up.
I'm about to be done.
I will soon!!
oh Mets games has classic ads that will make you never want to leave the house again.
They're incredible.
govt solicitor just doesn't seem prepared.
We used to go at it at work.
You got your fishing hat on since the bulls gone fishing :
Do this.
RT : Limbaugh has 32k followers  the woman he called a slut has 8,000 in just 1 day.
Follow and RT
Good morning!
We have appointments available this morning and afternoon with Mychael and Pinkie.
Call now to reserve your spot!
614.447.2600
I totally need to do that.
I realize my vmail is a repository for sales calls.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Ohio!
Going to Red Carpet Event to Honor the Nominees 2012 SAG Awards tonight!
MacedoMusic
When are we going to do the Friends tour?
Wise and mature people never gamble their future or anything they cannot afford to lose!
I'm a reincarnation of Stevie!
My side kick is a monkey...check yo self!
we didn't go up, but it was pretty packed.
Looks like a good spot to catch the game.
Don't forget to order those flowers for Mom!!!
Up early taking Brianna to Sunday church a school!
Yeah, I taught Lucroy everything he knows
thanks for the FYI  I confirm the win
Lameness, is you.
NationalForumOnYouthViolencePrevention: Reentry begins when folks enter not leave prison
And Bynum apparently owns all the paint in that building.
And after a lot of hard work, Japan finally gets their try.
Conversion to come
Now that I'm at work, I realize I spelled Joan Osborne's name wrong, but you didn't know until I pointed it out, did you?
aww.
Thanks!
It was a great excuse to wear
I wish I could go back to sleep at 5am
all the best!!
goog luck 0o!!!
Keep in mind we are a rental service so those batteries have kept hundoctords of travelers connected.
And I promise...no explosions :
Keep the shots of orange juice coming...it's gonna be a doctorary morning.
Duderstadt: many countries moving to income contingent student loans
haveuever loved somebody so much it makes you cry...
hahahaha I had to.
I wanna go to Sounders game.
Anyone?
It is immediate and cumulative!
Enjoy your weekend!
;
Tonight at Varsity Bar!
Science in the Pub at 7pm, Extreme Heat at 10pm.
5 cover, ladies free!
1 Lonestar, Ziegen, and Pearl!
People hate going under my ladder, I tell them it's actually good luck.
Googling bruises and cuts: a sign that a badass movie is about to be made.
Come on baby!!
Do one in Boston!
Cal Ripken has his own brand of beef jerky targeted for sale at minor league parks.
Sometimes capitalism is just a lot of weird fun.
your pic looks cool:
RT : we'll have 2 C if we cn get u 2 do a jazzercise class ths year.
I'm down.
How about the GIN BLUE doctornk we talked about??
Dear Wasps: The Greek yogurt is NOT FOR YOU.
Yes, this is great.
We are trying hard to get museums to think about these concepts.
We scanned that piece at a local museum.
VersDoARemix ....
It's gotta happen!
We've got a book signing event Sat from 111  then the OT Fall Fest in the eve.
Should b a fun filled wkend!
i'll give it a shot
The Heat aren't doing enough..
It's like telling friends what happened in the world.
Well they do cannolis too!
Every year they do a 25 cent cannoli sidewalk sale to show the neighborhood their appreciation
I only pull out the DF for special occasions these days.
My players enjoy the change up.
Haha thank you!
unlv what the hell?
stop jacking up threes!
This Smile On My Face Is Everlasting 3
U stopped carin....
So I stop tryin...
ill get u back in, Im running a 1v1 with andoctor and jpj..
PURPLE PANTS.
doctornk a bunch of water and you won't...
If I don't stop listening to turn it down, I'm pretty sure the rest of the atoms apart album is going to sound like it
Did you know the hospitality industry in PDX generates more than three billion dollars a year.
A new report at 6:30pm
Not quite what I ought 2 be,, not what i want 2 be, not yet what I hope 2 be, but THANK GOD I'm not what I used 2 b!!
The phrase isn't Lunch of Champions, It's Breakfast of Champions for a reason!
Get up and fuel your body for success!
Wheels down ORD
s/o to my favorite underground artist
Yesterday we had 9 member absences but still passed 18 tips.
Love the energy!
It is a fun crew...I love it here.
How have you been?!
LOL RT : If you missed the StateOfTheUnion don't worry Obama will say the same again next year, u didn't miss anything
thanks for thw follow!
LOTS of coffee!.
longest post i've written.
maybe there's somebody out there trying desperately to ignore Mother's Day?
perfect.
ATLANTIC DIVISION CHAMPIONS, 1st PLACE IN EAST!!!!
clever.
has popup in the lower right corner to inform me of other articles i might be interested in reading.
: thanks to social media, typos make you look like a egocentric 2nd grader.
Currently Multi Tasking Like Always Cooking  Running My Lil Warriors A Bath...
I'm going to start revisions right away.
That's how I roll.
No rest.
motivation Try, try, try and try again!
Thanks for all the recent follows everyone.
Looking forward to sharing news about the arts at CUA with all our new friends!
Last full week of bullshit.
We will be there and looking forward to it!
Of course!
Follow back banks
The grassos are fucking great at hurdles
SomeoneIWantToMeet because the lyrics he writes are amazing and have helped me through a lot.
better bitch!
Me on CQ.com today, behind paywall: Napolitano, Ridge advocate the federal government retaining expanded antiterror powers indefinitely.
hey thanks for the follow : have you happened to have checked out our music yet?!
Thx for the follow :
I just ask, because I'm
Are you judgmental?
I'll be there around 11..
See you
After not nearly enough sleep, it's off to Ralph's in Worcester!
m, cheeseburgers!
hit my limit on
I miss marathon monday.
Cant believe summer is around the corner...
Where you headin?
Tears don't mean your losing
WAITING....Waiting sucks...
Have you seen that show Oddities?
I think you'd like it.
You're the best on SNL.
My head is spinning from all these biz ideas I'm mulling over, trying to figure out my next step.
I think I need a mental break!
Right now JaVale McGee is listening to some doctorke song about being rich and sad and young and fatuous and being like I FEEL YOU.
Sure is a pretty day...wish I was actually getting to enjoy it rather than spending all of it in the car!
The Korean Zombie is the man!
He chokes out Poirier in the 4th to win the main event of UFC on
Thanks so much!
We appreciate it more than words can say...
I get the best txts from my bae
in what way?
This teacher is ruining my academic credibility.
And life.
Singlehandedly.
Watching TheVow finally and Channing Tatum is so hot!
awww cammy lol love you too buddy!
Game was so fun last night.
Let's go on Sunday!!
I'm not sure.
I meant what's up with all the C and E Christians
There aren't many things in life better than a pack of fresh Oreos.
Thanks dude.
Your Valentines Day Concert Is tomorrow!
:D
FUCKING BRUTAL url videos all night.
Tonight's Foreign Film is Breathless, the French newwave classic directed by Godard.
Starts at 7:30pm
So much ice cream..
Tiny stomach.
haha oo we have something in common x  o I always fall asleep during that movie 0.0 :
RT: go rolling out 1080p streaming in next couple of days  via 's
You don't doctorwn by falling in the water.
U doctorwn by staying there.
Oh MY, I had forgotten about her.
Imagine the calls from the agent.
Honey, it's raining opportunity for a fuggo like you!
hey u grew up in dg?
Congrats for a solid round and the victory!
Now the Niners have only a 2ndyear QB that has yet to play a full game.
Who's dumberthe Niners or PeytonManning?
Thanks for organizing such a great pitch competiont!
You're welcome my man.
so true.
Its time that the body truly be the body and come together.
Its like nobody heard of Divide  Conquer.
And..
our diet begins today.
bye dairy.
bye meat.
That is why being an intuitive like I am, I have always had a block with Astrology!
Nothing is in Stone!
Almost 1 week away High Performance Branding for the Modern Age event on 11/10  UM Cosford Theater w/ VSApartners.
Students are FREE.
It has been a great morning : Congrats to you, too!
There's so much more...anything at all, really.
I ain't gonna lie he's a handsome white boy:
since when did Oklahoma City get a team?
and who still watches the nba?
do they still have doctorwn out playoff series?
whos this labron guy?
which photo on Facebook?
: good luck tonight baby cakes, your gonna kill it I will miss you tonight at dance!
DAB thx girlie!
Xoxo
I mute Finn and Rachel and Finn/Rachel together.
And Santana.
And Blaine.
And Klaine.
Basically it's a silent movie.
We can get a swarm badge but we can't get a trending topic?!
Too busy grabbing their use once and forget totebags I guess.
.
I teach juniors, but the juniors I am working with WONDER will be those who typically have difficulty with ELA classes.
Tyler is too funny
I love you Justin 3
Hi, Sid!
It's been so long since we've chatted.
Hope all is well!
Checking out the new library.
It's pretty nice.
Shouldn't have biked here without gloves though.
Hands are like ice.
Stop down today for a hand crafted cocktail and the 2pm tour!
thanks for following.
Need some advertising?
umm well she needs to get going!
And that is true!
Mixing testosterone and oil can be dangerous.
Thanks for the RT Michelle!
Yep.
: Amen RT : In order to write about life, first you must live it!
Ernest Hemingway
i wish i could be as happy as my dog is chewing on a soggy, candycane shaped bone.
earnheardt/carson motorsports new for 2012 more to come two weeks!
Just a taaasssstttee tight on the breast area tho.
Half day of treating patients in the OR.
Going to pickup Illy coffee at
so true...
it would be a miracle if they pull it off.
yes, BigOven!
Http://www.bigoven and on your favorite app store...
Tommy Streeter said he's been training with Ray Lewis since being doctorfted
hahaha.
Yeah that fire sound like a good time!!
thank you Andoctor.
I love you!
Off work in a quarter of an hour minutes..
For u slo ppl 15 mins lol
...
The website used to have a page listing out all of the training videos ...
Where did it go?
5 off all electric strikes today at Fairfax Electronics.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code: 7531
11:11 don't be a dick this time lol
Jenkins over Hill and Randle?
Wow.
You're a male SLP when you're the only guy allowed to be invited to a baby shower
Wish I had this 10 years ago  great tips!
haha.
I wonder if bobby scouted this kid on his phone?
Lefty, righty?
Does bobby know?
yer but sometimes it realy sucks:
How are you doctornking a sierra mist if it's in the kitchen?!!
at my house coolin
Nope, hockey fan so taking my boys 2 game.
Might even hang out with if he lets me.
an ad for VSU; he was holding an oldentime photo
ya man!
he has, its good for him
i hope my mom gives me my phone back soon this is my friends ....ps keep up the good work :D
redbox movie nights are the best!
They just make more cents :
Audition Tip: Plan where youll breathe in your audition song.
You dont want to run out of air in the middle of a word.
Wondering what it would take to get Ron Artest his own reality tv show
when you deliver, we'll have all the bases covered.
iot and thanks :
Thanks, Justin!
It was our pleasure!
How did people survive the wait?!
I agree with Maria
Whisper sweet nothings to God in this atmosphere: You are worthy; We lift you up; you're exaulted above all in my life.
Follow me and follow we follow back.
Just read 's ACEN blog posts.
Purely magical!
What an honor to model for AP!
It made me happy reading it 
BeforeIWasADirectioner carrots were just another vegetable
let ya body go
Come on Crawford!!!
Unbelievable
Jesus.
That was nuts.
Melo is struggling right now but Smith and Fields are stepping up!
Gotta keep that going till Melo gets his shot going!
been working on some new tunes.
will upload soon
Cleared off my student shelf in the library...then filled it up again with references for what will hopefully be my first scholarly article
Congrats to for 10 million users and counting!!
Are you using it?!
RT if you are!!
Thanks!!
John P.
Kee  Standing in the need of Pray
Well, thank you very much.
Hopes the middle class allegedly fleeing city from homeless come to the council mtg to support Occupy
still think stark is the man tho :
That awkward moment when you can't read your own handwriting, and you're just like WTF DID I JUST WRAiTE?!?!
my deepest sympathies go out to his family and friends
who wants to come up with a customized plan to book the kind of acting jobs they really want??
And of course, we harmonize to longer terms instead of shorter...why?
Political convenience instead of actual benefit to public?
Relocating to Albuquerque or the surrounding areas?
I can help with any housing questions you may have.

Yes think his the best pure passer, pure PG in college, Looks to pass first.
Hope my Knicks pick him up.
Need other PG!!
I'm a big fan of , but sleep or not, she will never be normal.
Internet Archive moved from Selenium to PhantomJS for automated QA.
same.
Happy.
:
They have kicked us off the streets and onto sidewalk.
WTF:
Excellent meeting with today.
is very optimistic with plans for , trademarks, and branding.
Thanks for the follow LaEsmeraldaBakery!
:
Bitch It's Problems Solve Em If U Got 1
Spankings will likely be in order.
If you're free tomorrow, we have a few spots left, so come on down to even if you didn't register.
I am on here on FB, texting, talking on the phone and listening to music lol all at once wby?
Happy Arbor Day Milwaukee!
Go hug a tree today!
David Stern suits up for the Spurs and goes 0 for 17 with a flagrant and a technicality.
Hi Sophia!
We're so sorry to just be getting back to you.
We have not yet filled the AE position.
hm that was not the feeling I got at all.
shrug
all I'm saying is if you fight with a cop, you're kind of taking your chances.
...
go to the front desk at the hotel and ask for Gerald.
He is there after 5 pm tuessat.
Lol, inever clean my room unless asked to by my mom, or if im lonely
Consumer affairs analogy We get to follow the horses in the parade and clean up their mess
I don't know why, but I love your name.: Haha  congrats on 40KPsanderettes !!21 :D
BradNessler said West Virginia was another school from Virginia last night..
Dude?!
Seriously?!!
We've been a state for a while now!
Still learning bird speak but I think I can safely say this whole thing is tweetalicious.
www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
All I know is my Facebook post of it, plus my subsequent 8 posts analyzing it, got a total of 32 comments.
Concentrate on rainmaker activities.
Randy Gage
Thanks for the blues reference  you are certainly a peach!
Actually, I got all of the terms from a boker glossary I found with Google!
How can u not love the Nuggets ?
Through all that stuff for the birds GeorgeKarl still has those boys ballin every night earning respect.
See, and you wondered what I was waiting for....
tadah!
National Chocolate Chip Day
Is it me?
Marketing companies are burning out social media.
It's turn into a modern day popup window.
Slow your roll son!
wow I hope it is not true.
Hi Kat, Thanks for the follow!...the demos are supposed to be ready in a couple of more weeks...
Yes indeed.
And an alum of the office too!
Way cool Nice set up
A cup of coffee and some country music suddenly made today a lot better.
Orchid Fest begins Sat.
Learn more about orchid care, see spectacular orchids in bloom  visit w/our experts!
Nov 513 3
Damn security guard...
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn HER car is parked in HIS doctorveway.
wtf?
Today: Music for Flute at First Church in Boston's Back Bay.
12:1512:45.
Music by Burton, Calquhoun, and Copland.
Saw them a few years ago!!
Have fun!!
SuperMoon and Cinco de Mayo.
What a combination!
Why does our school always smell bad.
I just crushed some McDonald's chicken nuggets w/ spicy buffalo sauce : 
Last day of the English season!
One more game game ManCity an your champs after 44 years without one!
bf was watching couch while person who owned it moved away.
now she wants back.
side note the couch was in tree of life.
i was just looking at your tumblr, how do you add music to the backround for your blog?
btw i love it3
MYSELF AND A COUPLE UNIDENTIFIED CRIMINALS RT : says who tho?
DailyHookahTip70: Handsdown BEST hookah innovation of 2011 Mystique Hookah Ice Hose Tip Can't live without it.
you will happy birthday too please!!
The slight edge is what compels us to move forward toward selfimprovement  progress.
: Go For It..:
If I got doctornk with oomf it would be over lol.
that must have been a very busy weekend!!
Robert Shiller bigideas make a NEW type of mortgage, one that has an embedded automatic workout feature
I know from previous years that half of the bags full of smelly middle schooler clothing will end up left at the library.
Flying so high so high destination every where i gota finda a way to get where you r you r
edchat I always tell my teachers to make sure there classroom is an environment you would want your own kids to be in!
Just get them out to a game and they will start singing along with you!
:
CHARISMA!
Fuck swag
the text oomf just sent me made me sad..
merpp, I need to go back to texas!
Louisville meets new ozone standards, with a little luck, EPA says  Louisville CourierJournal
To the entire Glee Family Thank You for such beautiful performances tonight!
Ian Brennan  Ryan Murphy
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
What are you doing to celebrate?
Have fun and be safe!
I know its gonna hurt me, but its the probably the best thing for me and my feelings.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps is trending.
So I'm running with it.
I could on for hours.
But I won't.
Bargain Hunting: 7 to Follow Check out these Twitter feeds for daily discounts and frugal living tips.
you're J Walter Weatherman the one armed man who used to scare us as kids and one time as an adult.
mine did.
guess its cuz im a scorpio haha.
ugh that fucked me up.
Head out tonight to BRINK ORLANDO for SIZZLING SATURDAY, Ill be spinning in the disco starting at 10.
Free cover w/ GRINdoctorapp and OPEN...
iveprettymuchdecidediwanttogotoanartuniversity I don't like traditional school.
I don't want a desk job.
RT : A buildup of toxins in the blood is thought to trigger cellulite.
Get rid of cottage cheese thighs by eating kale, collards...
Yes!
I think it went okay...I hope lol!
How did your week turn out?
Thank you!
Will keep you in the know!
oh damn!
ok dude im back from mexico ugh finally
Sometimes you have to do bad things for good reasons.
And sometimes, you do bad things for no reason at all.
Thank you.....
lol.
Nice logo!
Out of sweet vermouththere goes my plans for a Manhattan!
Sticking snow in downtown
That's the name of the game.
Those amazing moments when the teacher don't come :
get some Jimmyts bbq there.
Best sauce in the world
Why must the bcc always interview the craziest/stupidest Americans?
can u tag me in some of the pics from lastnight jesus!!
lol
it's more like headsplode
Join us for brunch today!
thanks for the insight!
great book for musicians the art of learning by Josh Waitzkin
I'll talk more about it later but attendees would be wise to check out DETROPIA ..it's kinda wonderful
Looking forward to a busy week ahead...lots of work to do!!
Ok so I was looking at my iTunes, and I noticed that Mi Amor is the most played song.
You are truly amazing!
;
Huge accident between FMN and Cuba.
Traffic is at a stop.
Lees Summit
you should follow me
I just saw a girl dancing to Hood rat Hood rat hoochie moma
Closing in on 3,000 followers on twitter.
How about you UK members of TeamOtenki help us out and tell yours friends to follow us?
Would love to connect, share ideas at Ewomen and learn about your yummy sounding stuff!
I am a closet foodie!
LetsGoNets they are killing it!3
Work flow!
Almost done with the day
damn it feel good out side...
I think I need some homebase tonight
Heather: We could do indoor skydiving!
Me: No!
I've seen Scooby Doo before and they almost died doing that!
:O
Well they probably told her uncle they cant come
OH yay the makeup scientist.
Amazing work!
It was a pleasuring meeting you!
Peace  Love!
You'll get through it!
Promise!
Is it feeling better?
my grandpa is the promotor for the ks show, i am helping him
Leaving my window open so I can hear the rain?
Yeah perfect night 
After a long weekend of shooting the film is in the can!
Lets hear it for the cast and crew of BR!
Ya like spit gum!
RT : girls that constantly have to have male attention are ridiculously pathetic to me.
doctor..
In my opinion, The Housemartins are what is needed this morning.
And coffee.
So, Reggie Watts is supposed to be funny or some type of musician, right?
Thx for the chat!
Looking forward to your Keynote Presentation at the 2012LUC!
Not feeling any better really...
:
My dog and I just had a starring contest..
She won .
How big of a DBag do you have to be to chant Let's go Yankees at an away spring training game?
thank u 4 sending the link ;

Thank you very kindly!
Have a beautiful day.
Severe Weather in Area :: Severe weather in the Dallas areaPlease be alert!
the punk rock retrospective or the tv series?
Happy New Year from Hong Kong!
Would've been nice if this had shown up in my feed earlier.
Jeez, Twitter.
Anywho, I made choc chip and cheesecake cookie doughs.
tonight was his ninth
What are your plans for the Cinco de Derby tomorrow?
Never cliche.
Have you seen Crazy Stupid Love?
My word.
One man's junk is another man's treasure...
yeeaah that's why I have no idea how it goes :' I'm screwed lol
That's epic.
Where's the photo?
Gearing up to give up pasta for a month by eating all the pasta in the house.
Art Producer/Content Director wanted for a A developer based in the UK, For more information contact .uk
So let me get this straight Cottenelle, I am supposed to name the toilet paper and fresh poop wipes combo?
That is your promotion?
Ok...
Don't forget about our Tea and Cake Book Signing at Warwick'sTuesday, October 25th at 4:30pm!
I should be home late afternoon.
Want to swing by later?
ndpl NYPL's what's in the menu is brilliant!
Crowd source creation and translation.
Well done !
Engagement wins again.
globalliving.org you can donate to the Japan earthquake  tsunami relief fund and again Red Cross txt 90999 to donate 10 from your phone
: please tell me how regional coverage for Omaha is the Yankees vs.
the Tigers in Spanish?
they are doing for me
King and Titus remind the Ants that they're the next challengers for those belts.
All bets are off starting next week.
I think my fave line was you're lucky I'm not a doctorg addict.
I know other spoiled kids using similar logic.
Thank you!
We are looking forward to working with such an honest and compassionate Collective like BT Collective!
I added back episodes of Big Bang Theory.
:
Watching family feud.
Just got a call on my work phone, a guy from NY doing genealogy wanted to know if we were related.
I have a very common last name.
I'm gonna shoot myself in the face because of this boredom.
No one is awake to talk to, and if they are they aren't sober.
2 outs, 2 strikes, dan Johnson hits HR for rays first hr since April 8!
Little known fact: is actually in both of those professorle pics.
It's not a real project unless you go to Lowe's at least 4 times in one day.
True!
News often sensationalizes  labels according to fads or current events w/o doctorwing from the underlying history
Thank you for asking them to turn the music down.
: xx
Rats.
found just as .
.
.
the Bronx Zoo's Cobra was found.
A few days late, hope she keeps tweeting.
lol..doctorm roll
I believe that that flipping the calendar to May will end the need to scrape off my car every morning.
You're welcome!
Just took some rather risky photos in my empty office on the orders of a playmate.
Yikes!
Hope there are no hidden cameras!
Speaking of Isaiah, happy early birthday babe.
3 He turns 19 on the 3rd.
:D Say happy birthday.
:D
Glad to hear you were able to make it and take part in this critical discussion!
yes I have...don't worry we are working on one ; haha
RT : Omg im cringing these guys are killing each other.
FridayReads THE NIGHT CIRCUS by Eric Morgenstern
If I claim to not be a fan of Tom Cruise, why do I own so many of his movies?!

YMCMB I'm listening 2 it I love that song with all ma heart
i miss edge
Don't you find it odd when some people at first glance just impress you?
What impresses me is humility...and other things.
Yeah, it's totally normal to have a random emotional breakdown at the RiteAid counter.
Amirite?
I think Chris Matthews is playing the SNL version of celebrity Jeopardy
yes!
how long did it take you to finish it?
..
30 seconds?
a minute?
lmao
Call the major banks.
They should have a notary available for you.
Sounds like: manifold/manyfold.
The maniversion means having many forms and the manyversion means by many increments.
Hey Brian we out on NW side today 56th and Georgetown near PNCBank till 3p
If anyone has Heath Bell on their fantasy team, seriously doctorp him now.
You'll probably need the valium!!
Strength does not come from winning.
Your struggles develop your strengths.
Arnold Schwarzenegger occupygym...struggle is acceptable.
teaching the boy to ride a bike.
not a bad effort for a first try.
made great strides.
Happy New Years!
tomorrow!
But birthday week began last night!
RT Visual Acoustics intro by Jakob Trollback is...
Incredible.
10th may 2012 will be auctioning a SIGNED CoronationStreet Sign on ebay  raising money for Kyran  RT!!!!!
Smokin on dat green bay same ar in a quarterback like green bay
U R MISSED!
RT 1st time I've had a hard time watching Saints!
I've missed my guys on GameDay but tonight I'm dying to be w/em!
Still, I''m sure I'll regret not having a numpad, or a big screen, but I'll trade them for 4 lbs travelling weight.
RT : Congrats on the show We have to invite you to cover our next ATL  Thanks!
Definitely let us know when
Wall St's Europroblem is our problem selloff continues.
Dow DN 100 pts in early going.

check out our exclusive custom order human hair extensions
Glad I stopped watching after the 10th.
I Love ICONic Boyz.
Im An ICONic Girl!:
and when you're searching nothing shows up!
David Guetta in full blast
I would follow you, but you blocked me.
RT : OK guys this is the real me.
Please do not follow the parody accounts of me.
If you are far from the enemy, make them believe you are near
RT: If she stands up to u without being intimidated truly sees YOU for who u really are  calls u on ur bullcrap ThatsHonestLove
Oh what up ?
I'm gonna spend my Sunday with you if that's cool?
You need both: blog for SEO and newsletter for lead nurturing  also, captainre leads on the blog and nurture with the letter.
Speaking if which, , did the Easter Bunny bring you any peeps?
We misschu too!
Nick Collins just ripped Jay Cutler a new asshole.
Hopefully Cutler can get payback during the season.
thanks for waking me up jerk.
I simply wanted to tell you  You're MomEnough.
Have a wonderful weekend with your family.
it's 2012, even little African kids have Toms
has it right: Put the brakes on transit cuts!
Just wrapped up a free kid swim at the YMCA with Dillon.
Never seen so many Dads in the water.
Moms not bathing suit ready in Dec!
lol
Thank you so much for the RT!
yet you swear to not have a spec of ghetto in you.
lmaooo
you're in a bit of a transition.
It will be ok.
Camping at Mcdonalds, waiting for my ride.
I wish!
Going to Cape San Blas w/my inlaws.
Diving in Panama City Beach!
where????
Must watch.
Fly me to the moon!
Omg this effing movie is making me sick Im done NW Dead Silence
what's your 'hood?
I am a postmotorist as well ;
Getting ready to learn about C3 vs.
Dewey
ohh and tell j.o.n I said hi 
NOTHING MUCH , I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ME CUZ YOU SEE THESE CAPS :
haha you troll the fans, but I don't blame you there is a bunch of idiots a bunch.
I guess for some of them it
Wow, 9 years.
Thats a crazy long time for a contract, for anyone.
Props to the big man for getting exactly what he wanted.
Have a water or mold issue at your property?
Call DKI Restotech for a free estimate.
7026646910.
Your 24/7 EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM!!!
Q6 RSS, Twitter, Facebook, and listservs
the Technical on Teague was equally horrible.
I believe it all came out right in the end though
When you Succeeded you get such a great feeling.
America needs her morals back.
Have fun tonight!
Daily Dose of Goodness: When filling out who to notify in case of an emergency, I always put DOCTOR.
What's my mother going to do?
Increased range of motion in my ankle!
tuesday...flannagans.
You in??
whhhaat why would you say something like that?
we have an awesome video to make!
I thought we was spose to go together 
Today's the last day of Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Big Thanks to for raising awareness 24/7!
You seem to always be eating!
nonstop busy
I texted him.
then i forgot we dont talk anymore.
oopss.
Thank you!!!
Multiply it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and you'll still only have a glimpse of how much I love you.
Rude ass!
Road trip with Kiara
lol all the way in Atlanta?!?
Hi Zak, my mother and I want to connect with my grandfather.
Do you have any ideas on how to get a Voice Box?
Would really help
Another way to connect with THATCamp colleagues: setting up THATCamp groups on Linkedin.
just search in groups to add.
Hey I want my newsletter back!
i miss my facebook so much right now, why did i delete that?
Crazy night in EastCobb!
Dinner party al fresco til the tornado.
Missed us by less than a mile.
Hope nobody was hurt!
How long was the treacherous doctorve home?
Have you ever noticed how beautiful our community is at night!?
Thumbs up for nightLife!
The ups and downs of a relationship....that what makes it stand the test of time....
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life.
Confucius
is not!
i'm kicking his patootie!
congrats on the buy, but please don't beat like you used to do to the entire NBA
new week, new adventures...Bring it ON!
I read BBC, CNN, AlJazeera, DemocracyNow!
every day, plus NYTimes if I can.
And I'm not gonna lie, I'm a Libcom forum junkie
great story!!
Rufus is Beloit's second favorite native son...behind me of course!
Ha.
Texting while doctorving to MPLS?
come see us in SD!
: Christmas!
I hope u finally got an I Pad!.see you in a few weeks!
Merry xmas!
I did get one.
See u soon
Improbable research: the Sherlock Holmes effect: Or, why you can't rely on investigative tricks when you study t..
.
Mike, thanks.
The 4/26 issue has been delivered, but I would expect online access to persist till actual date
That's what we find RT : high growth tech companies suck cash  fast growth takes money 
My Baby sister just made me change my professorle picture!!
Hha that does not work for her..
But it worked :
Lol gift cards are a good choice, if theres a game that I want chances are I have it.
PARENTS ARE LEARNING!
You definitely should!!
:
That would also explain what feels like twice the number of commercials from last year's game.
Not that I'm complaining.
That's not nice:
Spoke too soon.
The new MapMyRide is really nice!
Love the voice updates.
Ah, finally!
Gorgeous : And you have a new Tumblr follower ;
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Be safe, have fun,  make sure you have someone who can bail you out.
I know, I'm a lit professor and to some, I don't make anything either, but I am not betting on
Maybe just maybe you'd get it if I told you.
But you probably wouldn't so I won't bother.
4 yrs ago 75 of resources to developing countries was official development assistance.
Now 87 is private capital.
I've been in the same place lately, I think split is gonna become the new norm ;
amen brother.
Thanks for the follow!
We're looking forward to seeing you at Stage773 !
Thanks to Charlie Byrd, the Bossa Nova stole America's heart  Washington Times
Got mouths to feed?
Economical food program  order deadline this Sunday delivery on Aug 28  pick a SD site near u www.thetreasurebox.org
I don't really care about charity or karma.
Let's be real.
collegehoops let the madness begin!
Go ucla.
Much love to wooden rip to one of the greatest coaches ever.
u ful of shit why cant be with doctorke?
Who wants to text me :D
When you buy buttermilk for red velvet cake, use the rest in pancakes, waffles, mashed potatoes, or avocado cucumber soup!
Hope you have a great today33: Love you!
Xox
what's far to you?
At a work party at Rock Bottom.
It pains me to watch these people pour beer so very poorly.
Like I wanna kick them out and do it for them.
At this point, Never Say Never is bullshitting it a bit.

Change of plans due to severe storms were in the hotel today so no down town Nashville : but I understand where there coming from 
I know it's totally stupid...
pffff..
Am I the only one who did?
That's not how you spell not.
; : : Say it lound that's mot how you spell loud 
Timing hates me :
Good morning Ori!
Love the video for High.
Such an amazing song.
Hope all is well
lol I just thought about it now kuz I had plans for the weekend but they just might have to be canvelled .
but ill let u kno
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Bob Hope
Things are heating up inside the Women Build house!
Sledgehammers and dust flying!
Orioles Wives are getting it done!
we all get the emails at the same time ...
I was hoping you had not bought them yet
nothing like a vanilla latte from Starbucks, on a really stormycloudy day.
It just hits the spot:
Is it too early to miss a quirky Math teacher?
Don't think so.
I don't care how you spell it.
I'm saying swaggie.
says the weakest kid I know
you can see me at your back now...
You own my heart he just renting
Hmm, we told the tree elves to lay off the magic.
But they never listen.

Review is in: JuicyLucy was delicious!
A Kissmas Miracle I finished that behemoth
I despise stupidity!!
a THIRSTTRAP is a pic that tempts people to show the thirst..
And how real it is!!
Leadership is practiced not as much in words as in attitude and in actions.
Harold S.
Geneen.
I gotta pay more attention to my friends on FB.
Who are you??
lmfao when its been that long, yess!
business litigation.
Delay is the enemy of justice and costs our society billions in unnecessary legal costs.
ICantStandPeople who are conceited.
Switched at Birth :
What's the deal about the Sabathia/Price matchup?
I am better than both of them
just chilling!
I'm SUPER tired because I went to D.C today!!!
You?
:
I am a very lucky person!
:
Dear summer, hurry the fuck up.
Kindle Fire Clear Screen Protector 2Pack with Cleaning Cloth by Marware  Lifetime Warranty
Also, please follow who can help w/any other question or concerns you may have.
You can DM us there as well CH
hey based god pass the bag of chips!
I'd say it's time !
!
For Punk Rock!
Alternative !
Skate Punk!
Fun day kinda
Thanks for the mention!
Peace!
I put my hand on my heart.
That I means I feel ya
You either with me or against me.
I don't like snakes, so I kill them quickly as they reveal theyself.
No matter how much advice you give anyone, only they can take action to make change themselves.
Free knot
hi Diery!Hope everything is going great.I will see you soon at Moody's scolarship.I am in the City till end of March.Ciao!
: Someone come over okk.
could Niall doctornk at the age 18 or thats just the uk age
in awe!
Reading and writing actually paid off!
Something she ate maybe?
Or perhaps a little bug or car sick..
I just hate when little ones are sick..
I used to get migranes.
Sucked.
About one every three weeks.
Funny I stopped getting them when I left the StarTelegram.
Hm
Can you start a tweet attack?: I beg!!:D
my internal clock is set to useless.
excuse not to move him quicker to majors and start his major league clock?
...and to have had the opportunity to love her in return.
After a long and happy life, she passed away today.
Finally in route to da beach no thanks to coming atchyaaa
Open computer lab, computers available, librarian on hand to answer questions, Thur April 26, 10Noon, Platteville Public Library,...
I'm going to donate and just name the new dorm the new dorm officially
QB Brock Osweiler funny: got so many texts after doctorfted he just looked at them this AM.
1st one was from 18 Oh shoot, Peyton Manning
STAT STAT STAT STAT
bye!
merry Christmas eve!!
June and Body Month are coming to an end.
Check back here to be the first to know about our July specials!
Cant wait till the play is over and i get to work again!
Its 2012...
When did race become an issue again?
Especially with the gays?
Grand Opening of Cielo on May 18.
RSVP to to get on the guest list.
it was really bad when I had too.
Excited!
: Experts in our summer issue
Some people have more money than common sense You can say that again!
Has Baron Davis had 1 good game this whole season?
Thanks brother!
Jcrossover sure can ...
Cross over...lol
Would be cool to see Hartford Ohio local win Daytona 500, we will see!
This would happen.
If your a fan of Bargello, tomorrow is its last day.
just had a great meeting about series...
One more meeting, pack, dinner, then off to Bozeman and CALI.
KILLERCALI....
Another full day of HTML/CSS/jQuery wrangling.
Time to celebrate
thanks for rubbing it in Douglas
will sleep soundly knowing that my 2008 tax audit is now behind me.
Whew!
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Lord Tennyson
How was your Fourth of July??
Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
breadlineproductions please email me for an audition!!
nice choice!!
Audio Addiktion will be reviewing Stryper this Friday at Santa Fe Station!
Getting ready for the Yellow and Black Attack!
..lol
In deep thought..
cool what did you see?
:
and UW cld have cared less then, knowing theyd never face him
You always deserved it!
;P I still don't understand how a dean who's so personally engaging could give SUCH boring speeches...
that's what Josh calls him!
Haha
i just love spending time with my cousin alex and her son
Feel sry for that child on time magazine.
10 yrs from now.
Oo the teasing.
Smh
i've been using for about a year and i LOVE it.
best journal app I've found and I am a die hard journaler :
I guess I'm going to bed..
I'm ready for miserable weather, if that means steady, gentle, cool rain and clouds SE of Chicago RT Miserable weather outside.
Little one is eating one of her dad's button ups...I should stop her........turns back to TV
Great speaker!
RT : Speaking to 270 CPA's  FICPA'S health care conf in Orlando as the key note luncheon spkr.
Should be fun!
Mark Towns Psychedelic Mambo Jazz Mon 6/27  Oyster House
hi jasper!
like night and day...lifestyles of the ricos y famosos...and dicey bjs...lol!
Crack is wack , Get Coke  Go Broke !
Go ahead leap year babies, lap up all the attention your getting.
No one is going to remember your birthday for the next 4 years.
I'm good, but what's wrong?!
Check out these audio clips www.freekshowradio.com
Get ready to THUNDERUP once again tonite....
on the path to the ring !
RT : There's still time 2 talk 2 us re mobile apps for your library that r easy  affordable.
booth 1606.
Great...
The DPotA actually likes pretty much everyone.
Why y'all lose in the chip
RT : There are no mistakes, no coincidences.
All events are blessings given to us to learn from.Elisabeth KublerRoss
All you Moms and Dads out there should read Free Range Kids.
It will lighten your worrying load!
Opening game of the 2012 MLB season is already over and it's not even 9 am CDT yet!
Mariners beat Oakland 31 in 11 innings in Tokyo.
Be thankful for work, for it means you live.
Elisha Hale
Finally laying down, and it feels so good.
What do you do!?
lol
Hope you feel better soon!
Good luck this week.
Go Tigers!
I know.
thank you!
GoodOle Ric Flair Paid a little vist to the Clubhouse today!The 1st thing i Said to him forGods sake, man, put your pants on!
he laughed
ThatMomentWhen someone moves their bag so you can sit next to them on the bus.
And if you weren't quite awake, 12ntc hired a marching band to help.
email my assistant, , and she'll send you an email whenever i'm in the area
why pretend like i cant be patient pretend like its alot of time i aint waiting pretend like its all worth it or is it just wasting more.
yes.
new tosh.
He turns a desert into pools of water...And there he lets the hungry live.Psalm 107:35,36
LOL....
I GOT A BIG ASS MOUTH ASK JE'NATHAN
: Please don't apologize 2 me when u find out my son is autistic.i didnt give u my apologies when I realized u were stupid!!!!!.
Caps or Rangers?
i think Ken did that?
While setting my alarm, I'm thinking thats way too early
Can't believe that the is next week!
Good luck to all the competitors!
I thought my work on Prometheus was finished, but nope!
Hooray for International trailers!
I'm really enjoying the calm before the storm.
govtswealthybigbiz HOUSING SOLUTION.
ends homelessness.
Cheers to our LifeSupport Japan coordinators:
Oh they are?
Once Caitlin smuggles me into California we can meet :
thanks so much!!
HappyFriday!!
Remember the deal we have going on!!
Tweet discount and receive 50 your next single session!!
There's some little corner of your life where you can make an improvement today.
Take the opportunity to do so.
I like our doctorft,we got a Darren Sproles type back for Ben,this kid is greased lightning for the Gators,but as you say I know.Aug
haha, thank you.
I miss the term 'Fit'.
I lived in London for a while.
But everytime I hear it, it reminds me of 'The Streets' :D
Retweet For A S/O :
I will say this about Kevin Smith: the man sure can talk a lot...about himself.
What?
Hit me up before lunch next time.
Have a great day guys.
u boutta be able to perform the 19th w/ me?
wish I was going with you
I don't know who is either
lol yep it's official now.
: and wonderful too
fat guy in the class thinks he needs to teach the professorssor because he's 30
agreed and natgas is there!
Make that 2 batters too long
You know it boo thang.
;
haha mine wasn't either I was all sweaty before cause I went to the club lol and I wanna see em too!
Maybe she's busy?
Lol
What we was talking bout lol RT : about?
RT if you remember the time when MalikMonday was trending every monday.
don't hate on comfort.
sometimes you dont need to look good.
Who is in Okc and likes Dick Dale?
tragically, he never did..
: I miss my gwenny.
Miss ya too
makes me sick to my stomach bro
You are more then welcome...
What a BEAUTIFULDAY to sit by Lake Cabernet for a GlassOfWine.
Cheese, Crackers, and Truffles too.
See you soon.
Cheers!
I'm not sure WHY they were talking about it but that's what they determined.
: Thanks for reaching out.
3 your museum!
Coming off 4 consecutive weeks of going 2 for 3 heading into week five's taketheover picks...It's looking like a 66.6 trend...not bad!
Hope everyone is having a fantastulous weekend so far.
:
Just saying i looked awesome in my wheel chair in health today
I don't think it says We're awesome you should come here.
But then again, it's Rosslyn, so can one say that with a straight face?
I love working, but if I did this it would poison and cheapen my brand.
Money isn't everything plus Wife ain't having it!
good morning from the dirty south.
Partially melted Snickers are just easier to eat.
LOVE!!
RT : RT : You can't teach passion, it's contagious.
nsd2012 // amen!
Friday!
Getting a few new posts ready for this afternoon.
In the mean time, what are in your weekend plans?
Good morning tweets!
Another hot one today.
Going to finish my morning running then hit the gym!
Have a good one.
Hey lasvegas next time around let's pass on electricdaisycarnival ok?
lifelonglearning  a key component  bringing people into library for reasons beyond reading
Does anyone know someone who can do finger waves ?
I'm stupid!
I know this because everyone tells me so!
Clearing out Spam folder.
OK with all of the singles and viagra ads but Free gift with AARP membership?
Not ready for that!
they call me superman
!!!!!!
RT : Just give a Nike contract already...
yeah I feel good
I can't wear fake jordans
Why tf is Macadabre at my door?
Barack: I do got a dumb friend named Chedda Biden, who shoots himself in the foot every time he addoctorsses the media.
S/O to my girl !
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW!
TeamFollowBack 
Nobody can ever say or tell me that they're after success, but yes Scraps will do
and whiten those chompers
Are you guys still opening a store in Kingstowne/Alexandoctora, Virginia?
I thought it was supposed to be this year.
No?
We're looking into it!
Early doctorve time for my meeting at 8.
430 am wake up time is redic.
New music automatically makes your day 100 better.
You nasty as hell lol RT is sitting on the toilet!
Waiting for shit to happen...literally.
Congratulations to Vanessa Hidalgo in Culebra  Best Actress In A Short Film  Method Fest  and all festival winners and nominees!
That's really interesting.
My Mom is getting one for her bday.
She's very excited.
Joe Jonas Is Perfect you are perfect because you are fearfully and wonderfully made in God's image!
Don't mind the haters.
are you on the east coast??
Cuz I'm on the west and I'm just about to go bar hopping
Are you still believing Memphis?
Update that dang avatar.
Dude, that sucks.
Sorry to hear.
If I were Gingrich I'd say the wife question was a despicable distraction from the national debate.
Just saw what u tweeted me 4 days ago awk I still wanna see the pic though!
Proceeds from the Indiana AIDS Walk benefit care coordination sites like The Damien Center in Indianapolis.
www.damiencenter.org for more.
Not WSET Court of Master Sommeliers!
Pool day with :
hahaha.
Love it.
Oh, the memories at the old office.
hey!
Imma blonde
Instability begets instability begets instability.
If Bon Jovi Really Got Shot Through the Heart He'd Be Dead
Read it.
Tells you how much of a prick Chevy became post SNL
First coffee after a week with the flu.
Its like a cup of gold infused with terror.
haha you could be the Rick grimes of the indies killing yarders
Rumors circulating that the Flood in Omaha might force the CWS to be played at
If you like thinking about how technology influences museums influences people follow
its cold but at least it's sunny!!
I dug it, not to spicy, bitter dark chocolate, yummy!
Binked a Trifecta in the 7th at Santa Anita.
Charlie Manuel suspended 1 game stemming from onfield incident in 8th inning of Tuesday's game.
Manuel will serve suspension tonight.
Sounds good, I know will all be there!
Goodnight friends
Please stop for this account.
Thanks a bunch for the love!
lillianaugust so cool  love it!
Young, Wild  Free 3
Isn't that stupid?
Pipeline was a nobrainer  potus got it wrong.
Inconsistent home plate umpiring strikes again.
Escarole, black simpson, tatsoi, radish, turnip green herb salad w flank steak topped w Green Hill fm Sweetgrass Dairy
Laundoctor day today, but that's not going to stop the editing process.
Been a great day so far with overcasty weather down in San Diego.
How
Love that you still use that pic!
impressive!
I love this
Watching American Idol  have to agree with Steven, Jennifer  Randy  what happened why these Bottom 3  come on people listen!
2011.09.14 Rockies 6 Brewers 2  at the game tonight / did not see a playoff team / offense M.I.A.
hahaha maybe one day ill rap for you...
BuildYourFans  If you got what it takes to reach the top, then you must put yourself in front of the RIGHT people!
Surprise!
I overreacted :P
Lead and go into the same direction instead of beating around the bush in
I want to watch Super Bad or L word season 5.
I bad I don't have them 
Hey Jarrad!
So good to see you on here : And so excited to see what you've been up to  pretty amazing!
damn shame.....
NOT BUSTED, just some bad Edmond kids trying to be slick and smuggle beer on the bus in cups while a cop was watching from across the street
A Big Happy Mother's Day to all the Mum's today!!!
Especially the one's who's families forgot it was Mother's Day.
history on 15th and not afraid
no I dnt have one
: The awkward moment when you open the bathroom door and someone else is already there.i did that to my cuzin yesterday!
btw sorry the Rollercoaster looks like an oil well though..aha, at least that's what my dad said it looked like
i feel like pop .
Thanks for the FF 2 days ago!!
Sorry so late!!
Holy crap, Ax!
You about gave me a grabber!
Yes, you are correct: Well I'm gonna make it all up to you, I'm gonna show you kids the time of your life!
That was hysterical!
And sweet!
thanks man
u got it
You can't find a solution when you don't know what the problem is.
Spend more time identifying your core problems and then seek a solution.
Flacco is holding onto the ball too long..
Thank God for playoff hockey with no more college hockey.
Don't know what I'd do with myself.
what should people be worried about?
XMen time!
: can't wait to see Danny Trejo play Namor!
welcome bruh ur the only pick I liked so far....I hope bmarsh takes u under his wing.
Were sold out for now but were smoking more meat and well be back from 11pm3am for some late night grub!
there was a thing called the doctorft this weekend, you may have heard about it
is the nicest person ever okay
Angry coaches are more fun when you imagine they're yelling at their bank for keeping them on hold for so long
quite well!
I've got to catch up on your mix tapes.
Kind of like police brutality and TSA screening: when bad laws affect white people, white people start paying attn.
Argh.
Hey thanks, I'll check it out.
wondering why you all don't have any librarians on your book show?!
sure is ma'am!
Ready like Freddy lol!
sorry I was laying down....
what's up?
Very hard to believe Q and Jason B netted Brickhouse.
I'm hoping it's Toney or Gore.
I really want a cookie dough blizzard.
Someone bring me one
Saw TrinColl beat Weselyan last night outdoors at hockeyfest.
Congrats CT Whale on a great event.
One doesnt discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Andoctor Gide
sometimes i feel so bipolar 
What does KBB mean?
Killed By Badger 
oh, I was the when she promised to bring said tiara!
Not good to forget!
Happy Birthday 3333
blueberry's can help improve your memory
good morning!
Ready to leave London so soon?
Yes it should be a fun conference.
When will you visit sunny florida?
I am so sad.
We must make goat cheese tots in memoriam.
Ordering the Tank Tops this week so we can print them for the 500.
Excited!
doctornking Puer tea is a great way to eliminate free radicals, lower cholesterol  blood pressure  fight cancer!
Need to know more?
So we'll be seeing ya, every single April now, for the next 30 years or more.
Congrats  it was fun to watch yesterday
Spoken like someone who no longer needs to worry how he'll get the rent money.
Gotta watch the game on the 360
that's good.
I'm feeling a bit delirious.
Goodnight!
The Artist continues its awards success, taking the top honour at the Producers Guild Awards in Los Angeles.
MY MAMA WAS 1 OF THE 1ST BLACK TEACHERS  KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX HIGH  HER STUDENTS WERE FLOWER CHILREN
sm4np  challenges for sicorg are digital marketing expertise
Thanks for following Fly.com's new Seattle flight deals feed.
Expect only the best fares posted here 24 times per week.
so 7s response times aren't acceptable right?
well its over, with a curveball at the end was the late post office not being open.
either way always glad we did it
please do :
An academic advisor was making him and his group come to library to do some research and check out some books.
Damn Change My professorle Colors Pink Looking Like Pink Friday Deluxe Edition Like My professorle Pic.Problems Bitch.
rite behind ya!
48!!!
The other end of the spectrum isn't something a lot of conservative jews would want to hear.
However, if you push folks into
marry me 3
rt Great sound Faddy!
But hey, what's up...no bio?
Hey LOVELY!!
im catchin up!
Bio coming soon!!
1Luv!!
I do need to look at routing torrent traffic over TOR.
Just use the Firefox browser plugin right now.
I have a celeb ?
Do celebrs get embarassed/aw I could of done tht bettr moments while watching a movie/tv show they were in
maybe I should download that.
I am not tired at all.
oops i meant GROG SHOP, not agora sorry for confusion
yep.
Lovers.
You have brains in your head.
Your feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
doctor Seuss
Also, idea for title for my posthumous collection: DIARY: THE UNPUBLISHED BLOG OF GEORGIA COOL
I would go skydiving
I'm always that person RT : I'm probably the person who stops you on the street to talk to your dog.
Sorry about that...
It's a beautiful day in Milwaukee!
For once.
.
.
you and are in the SwaggaRite Clockwork episode 1 looking at shirts.
Lol
Falling asleep in class
Everybody has a cause to fight for.
Some are recruited, but many are doctorfted.
That's an original from vectorpicasso.
Fight on!
Whoa?
Where did we get all these followers?
You guys are amazing!
Thank you so much!
great meeting you!!!
Wednesday eveningish.
Last final tomorrow.
/
What a save by mike smith
Hey, thanks for the follow.
I'm looking forward to connecting.
I was just told I look like Chelsea Handler from Chelsea Lately.
I was just moaning with each limb on that tree...
and not in a good way...
really.
Churro sale soon!
Hey !
That's sad to hear.
Why doesn't your car have AC?
Whitney Houston star spangled banner is the best of all time.
Hands down.
Thoughts and prayers with her family.
Just so sad.
you have such an amazing voice
well cross promotion and if we send you some clothes could you get some good photos ?
working on you NEW track too..sounding wicked!!!.
I am actually liking this version more than original!
Programming in MATLAB exam today and quiz tomorrow in Calc I and then I can finally relax for a day.
I can't wait!
Happy Thursday :D
Marvel...PLEASE give this team more projects..fresh storytellers are certainly a rarity and you have 2 of the best
It's not that I have writers block.
It's that I'm looking at a blank post and going flops self onto couch in defeat
Today in 1941 Ted Williams finished the season with a .406 BA, the last MLB player to do so.
WI occupation worked because it was spontaneous, heartfelt and necessary, not planned.
I know; I was there.
I can live without you but, without you I'll be miserable at best.
Never make someone a priority when you are simply their option
LADIES NIGHT!
A special night catered to our special customersLADIES!
1/2 priced bubbles and wine!
And cant forget the fellas  2 of...
let the world know we were here with everything we did
Carriers of news  knowledge Instruments of trade  industry Promoter of mutual acquaintance Of peace  goodwill Among men  nations
53 outside!
Season is getting closer!
Who's getting ready!!?
Back from my workout.
QUOTE  When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Fdoctor When things go bad.
Learn from it and then say NEXT.
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
nothing!
I'm still following you according to my twitter!
:
In the studio right now working on the next one
RT : Congrats to Great job by such a special player.
A little rusty with installing a DSL connection during outreach.
I forgot the DSL filter and the phone had static!
kirk franklin my life is in your hands 
Baton passing as Madonna halftime show gives way to LadyGaga intro to halftime highlights
it's sad to say, but he did a few times: then there was the stage were he was old enough to cut me himself, but couldn't!Ow!
Fucking stupid txt me :
Recently, I've become quite intrigued with Troubadour...
good luck tonight...im in the audience.
You are welcome!!!
THANK YOU for the shout!
Girls with colored eyes .3
Working Coldplay concert tonight.
I'll finally be able to answer the question: what kind of people listen to coldplay?
Centers for Disease Control lowers level at which childoctorn are considered to have too much lead in their blood.
Paddy Wagon in Richmond tonight!!!!
C'mon down!
Wisconsin scottwalker republicans teaparty snatched the panties off unions publicemployees middleclass  Democracy to
Man LOL People u just have to shake your head
Our cocktail specials tonight welcome our newest spirits.
A Bulleit Bourbon Collins and the Bulleit Rye Sazerac.
Only 6 from 7midnight.
Only 3 performances of TAPE left!
Cynthia Nixon attended last night and loved it!
Get tix at www.tapenyc.com!
Sometimes you have to let go of the one you love to find out if there is really something there.
then you have to check out Jeppa Joes.
New Mke hotspot.
Global flavors, fresh local ingre.
Today at Marquette, Wells  15th!
not Jersey girls!!
:
maybe after the second chorus idk we can think of a part
I WILL NEVER HEAL!
a LITTLE excited?!
Madam!
thank you :
yea, its going to need to be more riveting than that.
If I think of something I'll let u know.
dang, you're really lucky!
Junko Yokota: Reading Rainbow as model for engaging childoctorns content.
What's the next Reading Rainbow for online/ePub world?
There will always be one idiot who creeps on You.
All the time.
And you just wanna fight them.
But you are a girl.
And would get killed
who texted me from a 360 number this morning?
Get in on the Off The Clock Trivia Challenge tonight!
Win great prizes.
And another one...Biogen Idec submitted NDA to the FDA for approval to market their new oral MS diseasemodifying therapy.
Then don't!
When do you want to meet?
pretty good and yourself??
One of these days we'll have to meet!
: hey will be out there too, maybe you guys can catch up.
I just made my goal of 1000 tweets in less than 6 months.
Not bad, considering it took 2 years to make my first 1000.
Winners will get a free TShirt of their choosing.
Who's going to win the hawks game?
More important, where to eat?
Come check out what Chef Cody is throwing down at Fresh
I know, right?
Thank you H and 7th location for your generous donation of coffee to our volunteers!
It was a fantastic addition to our morning!
Back to the Fort!
LOL I just paid for 3 worth of gas in dimes and quarters.
Lots of work to do this week.
Friday Match 30 grand opening!
Thanks for following Anita!!
: greatly appreciate it!
posts like that are why i have 90 of my fb friends blocked
Ty Lawson's finish on Gasol was NICE!
He played thru his ear and thru Gasol's chin!
good...
Desperation is a necessity!
Some of the larger academies provide training courses for instructors also
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy.
I'm your hero.
This Girl Tried To Talk Too Me
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 69F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Thanks for sharing my post!
Hope your day is going well!
Thanks for the RT , glad you found the Kraft branding blog interesting!
I love this fan base were so funny  defend eachother we treat eachother like family  get along beliebers  were also crazy whn were ready.
This review combines overused words that are already so prevalent in writing that they obscure the writers ability to write
BAHAHA NO runs into the room  tries thinking of something fun to do x
your makeup looks good.
Wow wow wow, Prince Fielder to the Tigers!
Gotta love getting breaking sports news in an email from your mom
the RIGHT 11 of course!
We miss you !
How's the rehab progressing?
In my opinion, Adele had the best record, album, and song of the year.
Interesting AdChoices for Robbins on Cosmopolitanism  War: PepsiNext and AmEx Gold Business Rewards.
Yesterday night that makes no sense
got ink?
Kinda like the got milk commercial
with the chaos.
Thought u b a daddy but bruised his ankle.
My heart goes out to for her loss of her cousin!!
Im sure he's livin' it up in heaven!!
:3 Staystrong love!!
:
trying to fall asleep but my knee is killing me D':
I love my twitter followers ;
coffee just kicked in,,g00000d morning!!
RISEGRING RISEGRIND
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Yes, I'll ship international!
:
I should be sleeping, but the insomnia has kicked in to full gear.
Going on hour 2...
Check out Will Bernard's new cd Outdoor Living...s'FUNKY!!!!!
Shit man I know.
We doctornk so much.
Fuck yeah, I got candy sprinkles.
Commence cookie making.....now.
that  joint BreakYaBack is so dope!!
I am loving Branson!
The cell service isn't great but whatever!
:
Shoutout to friends and presenting at
Andoctorw Smith called for second foul with just over 8 to go.
Butler trailing 1710.
wow.
but is there ever an episode where glee doesn't end in me sobbing?
Nope.
Use Silent Nights patch over the Acupuncture point, the heat stimulates the flow of the affected meridian inducing a restful nights sleep!
love when the cashier you just had at bestbuy friend requests you from the parking lot and asks what your doing tonight
lol no clue how to really use twitter, youll have to school me!!!
Can't wait to see the king Vs.
the black mamba, tip off  8:00 PM.
LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Honestly broseph you're attractive and nice but I think we differ on many levels, religion only being a problem because of the situation.
OMG!
I just realised I mixed you up with someone.
Lol, wow, don't I feel silly.
You're awesome!!
Hey help this guy out ; RT : Does some1 at want to help me set my email up...
couldn't ...
Let's look beyond the QRcodes business cards folks.
There so much more!!
marketing mobile experience.
scary stuff...
one day i want a full collection of books..
i have no idea why tho..
so its would be bye :/
I love you Demi!!!!!!!
You're perfect and amazing!!!
I love my 22 yr old stylist Ms Anastasia!, cant wait to rock those shoes and my afro Thursday at the bowery, FIT and raw talent goes far!
Thank you for your condolences nicole.
2 day I mourn the loss AI RT : Sorry about your Colton Dixon:
lmao I see her
I really want a slushie.
But my blender is broken...
...from the last time I made a slushie
I got a Lg turquoise left I think in women's.
I ONE DIRECTION!
U.U
I have 4 tango classes already paid for, if you're down!
Nobody will do it with me!:
Chefs pound meat not to tenderize the meat, but to helpeven the meat so it cooks evenly.
The world is ending
Glad I canceled my previous plans....
xoxo.
Very sad news :
Because we fucking Love that big eared mexican freak!
Right Nicole?!
RIGHT!?
with EO he doesn't need congress.
Thank you!
That's next on my radar...
your tweets pretty much made my day.
Thanks for curing the boredom!
nope not kidding
yes!
so my cousin lives in Philly  says this is happening b/c parents r forming coalitions w/in pub schls
just when I thought you were different I quickly realized your not.
4famouswords I will be back !
Terminator if you didn't know .
The Braves are looking for their second straight win before heading to St.
Louis for a weekend series against the Cardinals.
Hilly sunny fun for January!
Looking forward to more rides as it warms up.
so timewarnercable why did some of our cable channels become unavailable at 850pm?
as in this channel is not available on your cable box?
Waiting for the bus with like 50 middle schoolers...
I need a car.
We're open!
Come and get it at 24th and San Antonio St.
We're also smoking for an event with 800 people tonight at DellWorld.
Busy day!
No more high hopes
AlliWant is a boyfriend honestly I don't ask for much, and my standards for a guy are pretty low so it should have happened by now :p
How the hell Rudy make that shot?
Varmus Berlin9: Need to change the way we evaluate each other, get away from impct fctrs,  HHMIlike model: five most important contribs
Cerus to Present at the Lazard Capital Markets 8th Annual Healthcare Conference on November 15, 2011
i have tepee :/
Hum, I use sesame seed oil for favoring at the end.
I hear that it burns easy.
However, I've not tested that...
awh.
To sweet :
no u not because brittney be writing this so smd
Q to sports flacks...which platform do you consider leader: Ad Meter, 's Ad Scrimmage, Brand Bowl or 's Ad Blitz?
Um now I'm at red lobster an I swear I feel 14 please no 1 c me but I'm here for a reason
this is fantastic!!
thanks for sharing it with us!
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying Thanks, I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you
Congrats!!
Have a great holiday!!
Not hungover like the movie, but did Carl marry Lorena for last night's Taxpayers dinner?!!
Stay tuned for the videos...
You're very welcome :D
: I miss the homie He was real.
Real coo 
phone customer service has got to be the biggest waste of time in the history or customer service
Texas is to America what America is to the rest of the world.
Brendon Walsh
Twitter ads go doctor : Wake up and smell the savings!
Honey Nut Cheerios are just 1.88.
That's a big bowl of bargain.
Wow....enjoying this weather today!!
Checking out some wines for you family!
This weekend we will be introducing you to a new spring wine!!
That's my goal!
I know every service guy at BMW on a first name basis.
And their kids!
oh my jesus travis, i love you WeedTheKings all you need is to get thos doctords back in your hair...
;
Thank you.
Come out to Sadie Rene's in N.
Canton!
We r opening for band and Joe Vitale Sr.
is stopping by.
Should be a cool hit!!
10:30pm
.
The majority of this information is in text format for example emails, news, web pages, reports etc
Sucks to be sick.
yup, doctorp me a line when you get a chance.
Say hi to Jorge ;
If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least
watching my boss right now at work w/ her door shutnever gonna be a PI.
How are you celebrating jazz day?!
Why didn't anyone buy me a card?
gearing up to live with Shape for 7 months!
can't imagine this with anyone other than Erik Ehn
Good night everybody!
Pray that I'll pass!
3
Surprise surprise...
Training at ucla today if anyone is down!
5 pm by medical plaza!!
I hate when my bestest friend is sad.
Emily you're truly amazing, I'm here for you3
Garage Band on the iPad is for me like MacPaint was on the first Mac in the 80's.
Endless magical fun!
Of note: New York State now has 88 breweries employing 99,178 people in 2010.
I was upset that I didn't c u after the show I wanted to buy u a doctornk.
I like this Tweet, hope u have a blessed day.
All the best to ur family.
All of u.
: Everyone on flight yelled CAN'T YA SEE THE AMERICAN AIRLINES JETS FLYING OVER YOU!
Otis ThroneFlight BestFlighttoLAEver
RT : Never texting you first again.
Especially if your not going to keep a conversations going.
EveryoneHasThat1friend that loves the crew
might get a job at a pizza place?
illtakeit jus glad I'm not goin back to coldstone !
Awkwardly sitting here with noone.
Talk about being divisive and the politics of ENVY ...
Obama took out Bin Laden.
Deal with it, Republicans!
9gag memesKPOPweit..
Watching is like watching the best Gymnasts in the world!
These performers are a cut above the rest!
You got me!!
turn this mutha out
RT : 11 PM CONGRESSIONAL BED CHECK  House now starting ten roll call votes on first budget bill for next year

Y to the UMMY...Absolutely Delicious girl!
Ouch!
Cousin just got hit HARD on the forearm by a pitch!
It sounded like a bat!
Omg he just passed out!
Omg.
Is just now truly understanding that, whether on top of the world or completely in the gutter, one must remember: This too shall pass.
Congrats on making the Top 50 Social Media Power Influencers list!
RIP Angel 3 we love you RIP , sorry for your loss.
We loved her too/:
or really wat grade does she teach
Window painting time.
I don't mind arugula pizza provided you close your eyes and tell yourself it's a flatbread and not pizza
Dear Minneapolis liberals spend some of your outrageous tax revenues on your roads.
They suck and the traffic blows.
That's all.
I'm really liking the beats in Acrobatics of a Patchwork Heart!
texting who?!
and what?!
so confused just text me aha.
did you get my text?
55c?!
DO THEY THINK WE ARE MADE OF MONEY
You used to be the shit, now you ain't shit bitch.
Happy Mothers Day!!
At church in Orange County :

if you have the day off, check out history channel.
Pawn Stars has a marathon.
I want to hear what you think of the Old Man.
I'd play with you.
thug life.: I kind of hope I break a bone in the near future so I have a legit excuse to lay in bed and 
Thank you.
So far it's been hectic...hopefully it will get better now that I see your wonderful words.
:0
lmao I google searched her name tryna see what I could find about her..
I think she smoke toon
In the hood of his daddys car we pass around the old guitar and mamas wondering where we are its just me and my baby ' :
Tan at our Chelsea location 7th avenue between 23rd  24th
Did anybody see the cabin in the woods and thought that it was good?
bless u and thanks!
:
Sorry for the radio silence yesterday.
Rain and no reception in chipping campden to blame!
xx.
me too
Those new Watchmen prequels are a grotesque and sad idea.
I love that book but it's from 20 years ago.
DO SOMETHING NEW.
Keep us posted on the Catonsville, man!
www.honicide.com
You go, girl!
That's what's up Make That Money Don't Let it Make you!
In our mind....
we turn lies into truth....
Get your Basketball on at Ocean Beach Recreation Center this evening from 5PM to 7PM!
Ha, nice save there
Q.O.D: Who was the first major league baseball player to hit an inside the park home run in an AllStar game?
nbaplayoffs agreed that pop has a better system,Indi has good system , but trade spurs top 3 to indi for indi top 3 indi in finals
Has anyone heard about rocker poet JackieSheeler?
One of my top poet clients asked about her but I could not locate any info.
spelling?
any ideas!?
Very bad day.
one of these days, you'll pay the iron price
i have 11 pornstars following me its annoying
Do tell!
RT : I can't wait to blow the roof off thearena tonight
Great auctions ending tomorrow and new goodies listed yesterday.
Check them out!
www.pxlpl.us/fgdt
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 17th, 10:30am Things we Like to Eat or Not Bread  Jam or Green Eggs  ham?
It'll be interesting for the new beginnings I have coming in April in a new apt/roomie then graduating in June.
I wanna go scuba diving again.
It's been a few yrs  i miss it!
I just wanna be out of my element  in another world under the sea..
Youre too nice!
is also in that one!
Shes amazing!!!
Man Dies In Montgomery County Crash
The Mamas and the Pappa Roaches
The AAP report reinforces that fever is thought to have a beneficial effect for the bodys efforts to fight infection.
Help win the Small Business Boost Contest.
Like on FB  great product by a great local company....
Did you know that I played on Supernatural w/ my father ??
Do you know which song??
sadly true.
Thank you 14th St.
in Columbia Heights for your delicious and generous donation of coffee to our volunteers last Saturday!
OH MY GOD!
Its 80 degrees out, no school tomorrow, pool opening, one day of hs left, exempt from 3 exams.
Thank you jesus
U on ur way?
crap, I'm running out of time 

Facebook F8 in SF, Timeline, Ticker  Graph v2...
Opens up social media stream yet again.
Very Cool spotify music integration!
no, what if they kiss?!
Teams of Richmond MBA students huddling in breakout rooms now; got a dose of strategy from professorBosse  marketing insights from professorRaggio
somebody buy me a fuckin' louis vuitton belt.
Grateful Dead American Beauty, misterOizo analog worms attack
Man no comment
they keep feeding us this crap just like the Fenway Bricks and coffee table book.
I'll see what I can do!
Haha
Thats The Jam  Old Lady Voice 
ok i'll be famous someday too : jk jk
hi back
Weird animals in the roads of wickliffe tonight.
PlayingPossum?
Thank you for the FF!
listening to all afternoon, can't wait to see them again on sunday night!
Yep!!!
RT : Do u ever feel like sumtimes you cud sleep all day!
wait...
You're not celebrity status?
; I can't imagine spending that much.
I'm apparently too sensitive tonight
pretty good, Summer camp tho but its cool I ain't even mad:
Why does Steve Urkel not know how to pronounce Urkel?
Nice ride
Happy New Year hows the mix on that track going 9176761013 holla back
I ended up buying Immortals when I was at Best Buy so I won't need to borrow it from you.
RT np natalie goin crazy!
Eva since the day u went away n left me lonely and cld
Never be afraid to let digital footprint show who you are.
Things to watch are embarrassing indiscretions, not AS mentions.
Hahahahaha  RT : Just saw a circle of vultures.
The only thing I thought of:
I read the mssg while in art and i started screaming with my friends while kids were painting xD luv ya
You're allowing your present emotional state to cause you to abondon  deny your future estate.
bkferry is awesome so far!
So excited for !
guess who just bought the best song EVER!..
yah thts right, So Listen3 3
: Great seeing New Orleans coach Monty Williams on NBA TV.
Such a genuine, likable guy.
Very good young coach.
Love his humility.
Preliminary budget plans for increase of 400 students
RT : I want some Starbucks and some water
I'm tired people saying oh, you make a good Husband/Boyfriend I can't even get a girl to show how good I be as either one.
I heard the show.
Really enjoyed it...
funny  on point !!
Just paid 35 to have my medical records transferred....thanks
I sure hope so, I now have to replace my 27 screen for a dinky 13 laptop
yeah I know.
why did you bring it up?
:
Nick Holt fired from UW Husky football staff.
Looking forward to a defensive coordinator w/ better strategy  recruiting!
People are so ignorant.
19 more days
Evil at his core
Can't take it at Bolingbrook or Naperville
Faith is like a muscle: It can be strengthened.
It can be weak or it can be strong, depending on how much you use it.
Work it out people!
No.
You look like an overweight 14 year old girl doe.
i def hope u eat b4 then lol
Amen.
MT : One of the pettiest things in the world as an entrepreneur or editor is to begrudge employees for moving on to newer gigs.
I'm slackin, I have 2 on the DVR, hope you're great : Catch up on your hardcorepawn today new episode Tuesday!
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said settle ya fuckin' ass down, I'm ready for combat man.
get it, calm batman?
eminem 
I notice that mister.
Charlotte Perkins Stetson is back in town on a lecture tour.
mister Stetson is not accompanying her, needless to say.
yeah i'm still trying to figure it out.
1 or 2 works
I Have The Gift And The Curse, I Have Unwrapped The Gift But To My Surprise, The Curse Was Inside...
Beware Niggaz!!
then she said, I can take the cheese off the double cheeseburger if that's what u want blankstare
Disappointed that didn't win, but props to the team for
do you have an extra VJA cable that I can plug into my computer and to my tv
Haha, I do that sometimes!
A frustrating number of things on Pinterest are just images without a link to the website though.
Related question: do you believe in a constitutionally protected right to privacy?
.
I absolutely agree with you on that!
Songza's playlists are way better than any of the other cloud music services I've tried.
I'm only skipping every third song.
Just found out that I have 2 hours of podcasts to listen to.
Plus last night postgame.
Should hold me over til Sunday game!
needing to create new new website for steelhorserock.com ...
way outdated!
RESPECT THE MOVEMENT
HEY U RESPECT YOUR FATHER LOL...
So how come u got one
Every so often a player gets his comeuppance.
Josh Beckett just got his delivered to the mound at Fenway Park.
Monday I got it easy, I just sit on my ass and tweet shit and get paid.
Hows things with your boo?
My jaw hurts so bad
The pleasure was all ours.
Thank you!!
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
If opportunity doesnt knock, build a door 
Celtics are 61 without Ray Allen this season.
I like Bradley at the 2, with his defense and speed to run in transition with Rondo
That moment when you walk into a spider web and suddenly turn into a karate master.
Wow!
Are you selling your old machine?
Btw, I hollered for you at graduation.
I didn't know you were done too!
Congrats!
ALERT  Tastefully Simple's teaming up with Share or Strength on Classy Chocolate Pound Cake starting in March.
Ask me how you can help!
I concur
That Would Be Awesome If You Could Do That!
yeah but it's only 6,000 mile doctorve like 3 days!!
That's nothing!!
Hahaha
no problem 3 just remember you're amazing and you're not in this alone
why so much better?
Does anyone else find it amusing that deal a day is out vougeing the G?
Certainly helps traffic, but is there any effect on rankings?
with your help we will create a product that exemplifies your brand of empowerment, self sufficiency and excellence
Oh, how timely!
I think I will read it on the way home.
Thanks for the link.
yeah that would a nice lineup though.
I'm not a big fan of the 6 an 7s.
Are you talking about the 11 lows?
Shoutout to everyone follow her!!!
Things are great!
Let's try and get some lunch soon, where is your office?
need to finish this report so my professorssor can get off me
Oh hey chick across the street, who has a party on a Monday night?!
They are clearly suffering, but shd know better than to rely on a private co w/its own agenda/experimental features.
i know i am thx
Who can bring me lunch and I'll give yall the money wen yall get here???
appreciated and thx
LOLOLOL omg that would be so weird.
on the news 'Lady gets married to one direction cardboard cutouts' LOL
Listening to The Kooks on Burberry's Art Of The Trench...When will it be trench weather in LA?
Have a bless and productive day everyone  Wisdom can come from anyone or anything, you just have to be wise enough to receive it
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!!
And thank you for following back!
Have a wonderful day.
:
I said I'd never let you go, and I never did.
I said I'd never let you fall, and I always meant it.
1,000thTweet
lol yea and u looked lost!
Happy Birthday 
But LeBron flinched a little.
Smh.
Holly did the best out of all three
wish he woulda dun that skit rathr than bore me to death wit his life story a few weeks ago  ACME
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as much as your dog.
Christopher Morley
SometimesIGetsickof people in general.
the only competition i want in loving you is trying to love you more than you love you ithinkimclose lol
I'll be at SoSlam and can't wait.
Look forward to catching up w/
Oh my gosh me too!!
lol!
Great echelon minds think alike!
lol!
Panevino tonight for some cocktails and probably some Pane and Vino.
Lots to do in this little scrapplefueled homestead.
awesome.
That's our neighborhood fave for sure, maybe even pdx fave...
Followskysnuts stoked to see you guys in Colorado this summer
Me!
I'm ready to start!
I needed some motivation!
IT'S wild 2nd ever BATTLE BORN coin COLLECTION up for AUCTION...
Crazy!!
A must see...Go premium...Always better with a meal!
lol
Hair and makeup done, now waiting on my mother to pick me up.
C'mon Braun, start the rally!
Everyone's raving about GERHARD RICHTER PAINTING: Thrillingakin to being in a museum thats come alive.
Film Comment
I thought gay meant happy.
Why are they all so angry?
it's too hot in my den.
meh.
looking at apartments for when I move this summer.
Spinning at Lucky's tonight!
Eubank  Montgomery!
Join us !
Every Tuesday night!
well your you could do either!
With a Little Help From Rosencrantz and Guildenstern
Do you ever have days where you want to light people on fire?
: Yes, how about we doctornk and listen to Adele together later?
omg tell moe I love him
NOBODY is worth u feeling like shxt, if they are not bringing up stop letting them doctorg u down
RT : What's to do in Orlando?
Talk 2
I spent a lot of time on North Padoctor Island with a good friend who lived there.
Stupid Broncos!
don't worry Harry, I did the same thing except I had the sticker on my shirt and had it on the whole time during school.
x
Yes,we are keen to the fact that ice cream sounds like i scream...Welcome to the wonderful world of word play
Youll rarely succeed at anything unless you have fun doing it.
XRays were negative for a break!
Thanks for your prayers for my cousin Will Rhymes.
SleepEssay project and two tests tomorrow
masswomen Never let what matters most become second to what matters least.
Maria Elena Duron
Gratitude: Great relationship, wonderful kids, new clients, old friends, cape fuchsias, herb starts growing, and really enjoying it all.
Gallery Night pick: PhotoWord art at MyDwelling on Milwaukee Street
aww mishon is here.
I def watched Lincoln heights.
And I use to listen to Excuse Me Mama hhaha
Season finale, NOT finale.
Don't stress me out.
I need my NCIS : 
cus he shot a three.
Hey Biebers and Simpsons Happy New Year!
: !!!
:D well almost
Many thanks.
Next book due out summer 2013.
Thanks for your kind feedback.
Water doesn't splash in a vacuum
Good, just like last year, though I didn't see any whoopie pies unfortunately.
absolutely that'd be awesome I have that in my bracket
I can hardly tweet at this hour, let alone do chores or write prose.
Back to the Grind
I'm seeing invisibleDogs with at StrutYourMutt.
You should, too!
thanks!
Been off twitter for a while, various reasons.
Things good with you?
If you aren't seeing and supporting live music in Las Vegas, you are missing out!
legit Swag  I should of just let you follow my normal twitter to save the hassle but I tweet a lot of Bieber stuff so....
Im at the hopital i was born at .
In hialeah........
got anything else u want to sell
Why is your foot tapping?
I got rhythm baby.
I can never stop dancing entirely.
Tehe, Fez is too cute.
i'm 28 years old and love Tampa bay.
where are you from?
I just finished running 2 laps after track practice im exhausted
I will be waiting!
RT : Mad Men doesn't come back until March.
Of.
Ah!
Talking about things that will happen in Army ST when I'll be 44!
This has been one long night so far D: ForealDoe :
ThinkLikeAMan is a GREAT MOVIE...enjoyed it from beginning to end 
At church, happy mother'sday to y'all, but every day has to be not only this day they do but every day, I love you my one and only
: Yes Mom, every girl I know is my girlfriend.
story of my life

pre order moremalice like pronto bit.ly/dwB06K support the west coast
Wish I could be in Chicago to watch Jamie and the Chicago Tap Theater perform!!
I know Jamie will be AMAZING!!
I so want this song at my funeral aka Party!
Knocking on heavens door Guns And Roses!!!!!
congratulations!
That is quite the honor!
You had your turn and now you're gonna learn what it really feels like to miss me.
Happy Mother's Day!
Bottom line: Lisa is too damn hostile and angry for what appear to be complicated personal reasons.
So if you're conservative, you can't use UAWOW?
But, I'm conservative and I support the war on White House antiwoman pay discrimination.
Rainiest March in Oregon since record keeping began in 1881.
Of course I would move to PDX this year
hey boo!!!
How are you I miss you too!
i change my mind, Operation Dumbo doctorp is sick.
Bout to get some snacks before the game starts
Please Prometheus be good, please!

Wow...Thank You for the mention Shawn!
Have a great weekend.
Cranberry juice and vodka make an excellent combination.
FlightsToAtlanta Im just sayin you could do better 21
BHS Development marketing about to take over another great development in NYC and many more in the pipeline.
Hope this G.I.
Joe is good!
if I could look like the guy in the avatar, I'm all over it.
going to Michigan for the weekend after school 333 but I wont be able to tweet :
CREATE WV  Development conference underway in Wheeling.
For updates, follow account and/or CreateWV, CreateWV2010 hash tags.
I told her to do that thing I like and she fuckin did it
Happy Mothers Every where You make my heart twitterpate.
A Steady Rain AND Nevermore rehearsals on the same day!!
Too much background distractions for the national anthem
I used to go to the Herkimer but you have to arrive an hour early to get a seat.
I went to Tailgate 2 weeks ago
How tragic, I think we were in love.
Funny how things work out.
if i dont give him a hard time, he will think im not his sister..lol
Bringing a pinata to the bar was the best idea ever!
Endless photographic memories!
Thanks for following!
Leavin' on the next train...
Looks like this could be a very important study  we'll be checking on the progress here in the States!
the theme song still freaks me out lol!
i rather watch it here in public with the lights on
alright, alright, but who you callin kid, kid?!
I'm a whole year and 9 days older!
:P
Today I got done Writing another Novel Named Has You Come to my Wintery Thoughtful Mind Six Chapters about Life, Love and the Hatred
come back to Indiana and bring him to me!
I said I WILL CLIMB FOR BACON!!
Hartl first introduces you to some pain, but as you progress, it becomes a nice little resource
Lol RT : Dontari Poe ate about 7 babies before tonights doctorft.
But hey, nice hair bro.
PUBLIC buses take forever 
im wit it, but can it be later on cause im about to go play ultimate Frisbee
RT : PartyTime in Vegas!!
Who's ready to FistPump tonight inside with our girl !?
you're more beautiful, duh ;
The terrorist was a really good movie
We'd love for you to feature our site in one of your upcoming Startup Monday blogs, we're launching our beta very soon!
Dear Adobe Digital Editions, why do you suck so much?
That switch defensively made a big difference.
Slowed Lawson dwn late in the game.
Let's go men!
We missed you at church.
; RT Good morning!
good afternoon jaja
My mom wrote me a letter saying that I'm getting a car when I get my license and she signed it and kissed it....
My shoe size is a big dick.
Ah...figured it out.
does Joey Barton stay at QPR after his antics?
lol I would rather have math
Her last name seems fitting
Guarantee life goes on without that bitch !
So you kissed your best friends ex girlfriend ?
Oh thats great .
GreysonIsOurHero when is ur next Florida concert?
Jacksonville would b good or Orlando again xxxxooo
Houston!
It's 60 degrees and gorgeous outside.
Totally Blue Bar weather....
we can hear the cocktails calling your name.
it Is aha
That's gonna be great!
RT : Just arrived in NYC to be roasted by the Friars Club and roastmaster Bring it on!
HAHAHAHAH SPRING BREAK HERE BRO
Loving the SEC championship game.
Dirty nasty football, what's not to like?
This episode to much lol
just don't be without Eric cartmans chipotle away
haha no.
i'm still gonna keep it.
thanks for the suggestion : RT: : u should change ur name RT smh Lakers :
Came to Scottys Brewhouse and out of all these TVs there isnt a SINGLE TV playing the Pacers game.
Unacceptable Scottys!
Well I had to entertain
Ok.sis RT : yes will call u on few though sis to catch up anyway
Being spoiled?
you going Saturday or Sunday?
lol alright imma send it to you hold up :
workaholics is the funniest show i've ever seen
I am looking at Nonprofessort Management 101 Edited by Darian Rodoctorguez Heyman.
It has a very Web 2.0 feel to it.
Since getting hooked on Twitter I have found a way to vent and explain my ideas and frustrations about business outside of my social group.
I don't wanna believe it
can;t wait to see you monday as well have an awsome day 3
follow he's amazing watch him sing 'BOYFRIEND'onYoutube
Hey, thanks for the ff!
I'm not trying to be rude but what wounds does Martin have?
He chose to come here.
Bout to doctornk til I'm down!
Fuck it!
RT : The start of today's 1:10 p.m.
game will be delayed.
RealShit i truly miss u but mayb it wasnt
I gt on twitter n ppl r jus goin Ham I guess it's jus that late night getn to thm
Special guests!
Austin Kiplinger's first published natl stories were during Roosevelt's second inauguration in 1936
I think it's quite hindering to be mad that someone is correcting your spelling.
well I saw the good side of you...
Such a great essay, thank you from the bottom of our hearts for believing in us.
Met a dancer  APT on July 18th 2008.
I emailed him.
I got back a respond yesterday, may 8th 2010.
2 years later.
Happy Holidays, everyone!
:
uploaded the video upside down...pointless assignment but learned a lot about life
Frankly, I don't think I've seen ENOUGH PROMETHEUS.
What's WRONG with these people?!?
We love this UFC weekend!
Thanks  for bringing Fight Night 24 to Seattle!
Some people are only alive because it's illegal to shoot them
5/7 in my TNASacrifice Picks for I was also in fact very nice to Impact tonight!
Still having a good morning.
This is good.
lol ya I have no Idea why that tweeted sorry
Definitely.
They didn't receive great feedback, but they learned by teaching.
Had to explain that to each one, though
I paid some money for your Album to atone for that Silk Tha Shocker CD I bought in 1999.
Trending now are inquiries into learning solutions for social media and SEO.
Experts should package their knowledge to sell.
Thanks for the mention!
My life is a fucking blast omg the stories I will tell, at least the ones I remember, when I get older...
Happy Wednesday, Ayla fans!
Follow Me I Follow Back.
thanks we appreciate the support
truth it's too much work to RT
Wasn't that awesome after getting hit?
Too bad we lost.
But then again, I havent stayed up this late since a month ago.
So maybe I might fall asleep fast.
Or not having service inside a hospital to tweet your frustrations!
I dont care, i have always liked the Pro Bowl, especially when my team has some representation
the chili cheese fries were good the chili didn't taste like your regular chili
the amount of agency French poststructuralist thought ascribes to language is just absurd.
I'm ready for the death of the linguistic turn
I cant wait to see N tonight!!!
that doesn't sound kosher to me.
Menchies Frozen Yogurt  Mom's really enjoy Menchies Frozen Yogurt  Many Atlanta locations  Toco Hills is Kosher!
Your the first thing I think about when I wake up and the last thing before I go to sleep :
Lol when the pirates score 2 or more runs they are 135.
That's laughable.
that would be a pretty cool show BUT I'm actually going to that venue tonight to see Devendoctor Banhart.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Still Crazy
RT : RT : It's so hard to play football and study abroad but fuck it, I'm determined to travel and culture...
MY ELECTRIC BLANKET HAS STOPPED WORKING!!!!!!
And it's only 8 degrees F outside!
EMERGENCY!!!!
Hey Leslie make sure you follow MTG EVENTS
why almost hit this girl crossing the street and still didn't stop smh
I LOVE YOU THE MOST OKAY
TPM BIOTECH TEAMS UP WITH PERKIN ELMER TO DEVELOP PORCINE DETECTION KIT
for real?
lmao liar you said you were goin to bed too!
watch out Minneapolis...
we are coming your way in December!
Joel found a house for us to rent today
Groupon only works for businesses that can control the actual voucher redemption rules..
time of day, day of week, etc.
Sometimes I forget to take off my contacts..I don't want to have a bad experience:'O
Picture perfect is what you are.Your eyes speak a tale of bittersweet memories from afar, that smile warm and inviting, I put u in writing!
I can't wait to watch another gangsta movie with you tonight
The stage has been set for NFL Championship weekend.
NYG vs SF, BAL vs NE  who ya got?
Glad I'm not the only one.
most likely not
On way to Vail, Colorado to go see my sister for a cpl days and get my mind right.
I just love how people volunteer me to do something without my consent..pretty annoying
well This I can't deny...What's wrong w a little fur in the mouth?
!
We are almost 900 views on the Astana film festival page.
Check it oit and vote for Trident
2/2 which, of course, tanked.
Who is going to see the Magnetic Fields at the Orpheum tonight?
what up I would like to request Feelin Fine by
As a fantasy geek, I can say he's boom or bust.
Makes big plays but struggles with consistency.
Better than what you have.
Any friends in columbus going to the whitechapel / miss may I show this weekend?
You might catch some of us there!
Congratulations!!!
:D
Im fina leave work fckn wit dis bitch
WOW.
YOU JUST TWEETED YOUR PASSWORD TO YOURSELF WTF
thingsIgottateachmyson: women matter, trust them.
Couldn't ask for anything more right now.
So happy with the great friends and girl that I got and most important great family.
This weekend
What makes you different makes you special!
Stay in school!
Best video ever.
3
Introducing my other professorssional handle, detailing the nonmusical stuff I often do:
I literally follow ALL of my followers!
No Joke!
and if i havent followed u, please tell me3
yesterday i felt so productive....today curling up in blanket cocoon with coffee sounds so much better.
So I'm talking to this one chick and she said so I was like I'm not honest but you're interesting
Time for Chapter 24 of We're Alive!
don't get to doctornk kayden can't take care of you lol.....
100 hmm we dont really talk.
tweet me sometime ?
:
Down here it would be spiders and roaches.
A definite Ines nightmare!!!
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.
Roger Miller Which are you?
Returning from free beers at elysian courtesy of adobe air bus tour
google breadcrumbs is a branching decision based mobile learning technology
Karma was watching over me today!
lol did i hit you?
Michael Moore, Sirius XM: It wasn't an IT tool.
It was a service and operations tool.
We'll be passing through Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.
Echoed from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock' via : I just downloaded this app and think it as cool as cool can be
Mad Men time.
Chances Pete offs himself?
I must have gotten the last seat on the plane.
The standby list is 4 deep.
I feel bad for those people.
Settle down with a beer to commemorate the birth of a Brooklyn Dodger great...happy birthday JackieRobinson!!!
can't wait to get our finished broadcast commercial back.
woohoo!
maybe test it out by planning a pants party?
It felt so good to know that i was ever able to feel that way.hopefully it wasnt the last...never know now a days
please follow me 3 I love yoouuu
AMAZING JOB BOYS!
xx
I also have a Sam Cooke station on Pandora if that makes it any better...
Listening to on  weeding the collection.
Regarding Colbert running for president, We have come a long way since Pat Paulson ran for President.
OKC with the sweep !!!
Watching Are you there, Chelsea
Huguely lawyer: Huguely had no motive to rob Love of her laptop.
He took it so she would come talk to him.
It was recovered in dumpster.
Now you can make twitter references that aren't from tumblr!
HASHETAGE,SWAG,SWAG,SWAG.
Wow, 4AM tweet...feelin' better today?!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 3rd, 10:30am A Visit with the Dinosaurs What is a Brontorina or a Bumposarus?
Fun fact: The people of America eat around 350 slices of pizza each second, or 100 acres per day.
Zumba workouts are no joke.
Poor me tomorrow!!
good seeing you at the ONMembers12 gathering :
Its keeping it real.
Your final four team is down 20 to a bunch of freshman.
Syracuse comment in 5....4....3...2....1...
Nice first period by the Bruins.
Like to see that energy back!
Good defense, potent offense, thoughtful play.
Keep it up, boys!!
This Pats game is coming in in Spanish on my TV.
I'm pretty sure the color guy is Dan Fouts.
I love getting my kitchen knives sharpened, but hate how many times I cut myself while getting used to sharp knives again!!
Don't remind me.
Let your attitude define your golf game.
Don't let your game define your attitude.
Less is more except when it comes to mistakes.
How long is long, that depends how long it takes.
if you want
I love everything in your shop!!
amazing ideas!!!
This chick is creepin on me across the room
follow back and I will.
OMGZ you guys, is finally on here!
swarm swarm swarm!
The Joy of Reading The habit of reading is not as important as the joy of reading
of catchin' up to do!
i switched it yesterday lmao
Ugh, stupid allergies!
: allergies suck
What type of gaffes did he make?
Spanish and I are not friends right now!
Why can't I sit still??
better believe I'm following her on Twitter.
I think many would agree with me that there is such a thing as too much bipartisanship.
Cartman singing in this new south park episode is killing me.
It take two to play that game
Free Community Service from PopALock FREE unlocking when child is locked in a car.
Call 5032414922
LT on Seau Good and loyal friend
i have no idea where that is.
i'm gonna tell michael you and blair are talking about him.
Thanks Mike!
What's your favorite?

Check out my homie and his new single Judge a Book feat.
Aaron Thomas;available on iTunes and Amazon
Met new Director of the Block Museum today.
Anticipating great things for Evanston and Chicago.
I bet your dick blows lasers when it roars.
BLARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH
Please.
I've been eating those since before you were born.
Wanna really do it?
Try Dutch Crunch Buffalo Wings and Bleu Cheese
what!?
You doctorve 6 hours?
Thats incredibly admirable : what city did u come from?
Well have to make a note of touring there!
Chrysler plant in Ontario suspended due to supplier strike, Globe and Mail says
can't trip on someone who ain't worried bout me .
This week is flying!!!!
Slow down bruh 
We got 900!
Welcome to all of our new fans.
Stay tuned for more events and special promotions.
Plenty of ways to get FREE STUFF!
I'll text u
No celebrate until mothers day.
Rock out.
To err is to bunt.
RT Bases loaded AGAIN.
What can we do this time?
Today is too beautiful a day to go to work, so I hung out with friends on the beach, got my hairs cut, and will head to a happy hour later.
My prayers  condolences go to and his family.
Oh we TOTALLY had Beall's.
I realized that perfectionism is a cousin of procrastination...and ignorance is better than stupidity.
Learning and valuing time is just ok.
Please pray for my best friend Hanna.
Things are really hard for her  her whole family.
We really appreciate it, thank you.
Please come and enjoy our newly remodled Steam Room and doctor Sauna.
erroneous, erroneous on a all counts.
3D is BS in general.
huh...kinda watching Keanu Reeve's The Devils Advocate  I see a church in Gainesville that I removed honey bees from!
YES THEY R THE AMAZING SafeSound3
I need a coffee  a redbull!
Story of my life.
RT : I WANT A FUCKING ROOT BEER FLOAT
If I get an offer from 1 agent and a 2nd has my full, what's the best way to see if the 2nd still wants to be in the running?
Ledge Street students get health, safety tips from Nashua South students at Safety Fair
9 weeks till graduation.
could not come sooner.
Never let anything come between your doctorams n u
RT : NPR series good in that it encourages more public attention and discussion.
otherwise, both myopic and oversimplified
Nothing worth seeing  as per usual for the PerfectStormer.
well I think I can finally take your badass on and maybe even win.
Hope u get better soon buddy.
I love you more little one
giving away 2 tickets to dj chops biggest bday bash with DJ PAUL OF 36MAFIA LIVE AT CLUB PRESTIAGE THIS SATURDAY ON CHOPSHOPSA
New Cigar lounge opening in the Detroit Masonic Temple!
I don't know if these lesbians are flirting or fighting.
I am who I am, I like being the person I am.
Whoever doesn't like me, idgaf.
I'm glad I got friends who like me for who I am
Well, I like the other title so much better.
Hm, oh well, I'll check it out.
Haha What's he selling?
It could be both....
Washington Redskins 17 St.
Louis Rams 10 End Of 4th redskins rams nfl
How was the shave at ?
I love that place!
Headed down to D.C.
for tcamp12  repping   see you there, opengov peeps.
Sunlight sets up a nice unconference.
LasVegas' Cultural Intelligentsia will be in all their finery TONIGHT as The Smith Center for the Performing Arts makes its debut.
HISTORIC!
There ya go
You might be a fan of At Your Service Concierge if .
Can Trump just disappear please?!
Enough already!
Jacuzzi.
Oranges, fresh off the tree.
Belgian Wit.
Newly finished kitchen.
Happiness.
: Milwaukee admirals asssseeeeemmmbleeee!!!!!
Get pesky !!!
Thanks for the burger plug tundoctor dude!
Balls to the wall my man!
haha
Loving the tweetdeck app for iPad!!!
This stamp says it's Tito Puente but it sure looks like Bill Clinton

and some are talking this hate to death threats?
I think we should stop the doctorma like I said we all have opinions
u are so pretty
Thanks for the RT : : When you have given nothing, ask for nothing.
RT
You aint slick You aint slick!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Thank you!
Which one are you?
Thinker?
doctoramer?
: cc:
if ou have class at noon
Great Saturday workout!
Gotta love that runner's high.
I really am a super control freak with my shit.
I'm learning that more and more.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on
Guess you missed the two SteelersRavens games this year too?
Tell him to live in Livingston revis!
: Also wanna say I'm lookin forward to having as a teammate.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: Stepping out of a complex problem to gain perspective helps solve the problem.
Don't joke with me.
I'm not a bitch who gets amuse by the shit you talk...
I'm at a cook out and full as shit.
It's before 8 on a Sunday and I'm awake and walking to coffee.
Probably a sign to start preparing for the apocalypse.
I'm going to find the rest of the videos to watch the whole thing, its too fascinating!
Thats why im glad i got REAL friends in my circle!
I showed an emotobook to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art.
I think I got her hooked.
LOL!
The Clips don't stand a chance against San Antonio.
Closing out the Wine  Dine afterparty...but the show goes on.
Only 21 hours to go!!!
Civil Union  Marriage
a staple at our gnocchiloving house.
Halloween :D
move to Starbucks, dude.
I'm serious
speak up!
No sound!
Umm?
Where's the rose petals?
ok now good night!
lol
When your standing at the crossroads there's a choice you gotta make.
Happy birthday to my favorite twins James and Evelyn!
Hey I just tweeted you, and this is crazy but heres my twitter name, so tweet me maybe?
;
Thanks for the RT
btw message me your new addoctorss there's mail for you.
This game is getting ugly
Naaa just used the mute button.
Cell phone status.
there were 50 people yelling at me today, but I did hear you say you liked my doctorss  I didn't get to say thank you!
Lol
YEP!!
Blake's a Bitch, CP's an asshole, the Refs cheating, n the commentators Hating!!!
Saturday Sips continues with three of our favorite Spanish wines.
Swing by from 24 p.m.
to chat with the distributor!
I need someone to text.
Anyone love me enough?
Anyone?
No?
Okay...
wow!
Hope u worked stickhandlingwiththepuck in somewhere!
You know you're stressed out when your ipod stops playing music and you dont notice for a long long time
No date yet but we'll keep you posted!
Yesterday, he said Will and Grace shaped public opinion on gay rights.
I actually wrote a blog post about how I would have cast the roles :
RT : in the office with and
it was great  action packed.
From the previews, it looks like it is going to be a good yr.
for movies
people can be so insensitive these days.
kissimmee florida is a real place?
Missing 6 yearold girl from Lakeland may be traveling in a 2010, white Dodge Journey, Florida tag number C025UC.
This is gonna be hell weekend.
YouWereCuteUntil ...
Jk u still r cute :
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
We'll be releasing more information about the App very soon.
Stay tuned!
I find it hard to believe he had no idea false information was being circulated about his schooling.
Man up, and move on
NICE!
it's surprisingly sunny and cool!
feels nice!
I walked a few blocks into the like outdoor shopping center but I'm so
I can officially say i made timabland.
Or close to it.
M.I.A.
hit me up!
I have to learn from my mistakes instead of pushing them away.
idk, who getting beat up lol?
What is truly important varies among people, and therefore cannot be evaluated, judged, or guided.
Make sure your local listings are accurate so they can find you ...
Thanks for the follow 
Nancy Ekholm Burkert's Mouse  Lion will receive its FOURTH starred review in Dec 1 Booklist!
I'm about to order my ticket this week!
Heading to GRC11?
Stop by our booth in resource mktplce and sign up to win a free iPod Shuffle
A reminder that it's LadiesNight from 911PM at Grazie!
The party is on...
all ladies doctornk for FREE!
See you tonight.
yea I got it haha I'm completely with you on the opinion on dark movies, nolan's batman films are very dark but I love them
Welcome to twitter!
Matt is a great resource for information about commercial financing.
Following him will be a benefit!
WalMarts chicken strips kick KFC  Church's ass, this will probably the only support I ever voice for WalMart.
Fake Jenna marbles getting all the love
Lamar Odom:welcome back to L.A...have a good game,miss you...time heals all wounds...
they did.
It was intense!
And try did some charity too.
Who is your picks for
I look busted as hell
Will be posting an article that was done on Somaphony and the development of the brand with a few tidbits of word from an interview.
Newt's speech targeted solely at FL.
Iran talk for Jewish vote.
ProPaul nod for fiscal conservs.
Grandkids talk for seniors.
can I get a table space at this event to vend?
sounds like a great time
Well said!
Good morning everyone or afternoon how about good brunch time lol :
been a playya since forever fool
House is tearing me up right now !
hm but how could I marry if I never date???
Gone in 60 Seconds may be the only major movie trailer with a female voiceover.
I read about this issue just a few months back.
impromptu writing date in 7 min?
Sunday night, youre just full of win arent you?
You are awesome.
I'm done With my testing !
I say yes only b/c lakers so hard to beat at staples.
Kobe will do work game 7.
Hope okc wins though lol
I want the clippers to play against the spurs:
Headed to Lake Forest, Illinois this AM.
All I can say is, Let's Go Bears !.
Interesting.
Now we can just hope something comes of the investigation.
We are all connected.
Earth  Political unrest is linked to climate change.
ArabSpring sparked by rising food prices
Poetry is eternal graffiti written in the heart of everyone.
Lawrence Ferlinghetti
PLZ Retweet!
The 'Race for the Cure Event' has 99 likes!
Please LIKE the page to get it over the 100 mark!
...
: Difference b/twn Delhi '09 and Delhi '11 is absolutely stunning.
Flyovers.
Wide highways.
Metrorail.
Amazing.
Happy MothersDay to my fav mamas
Watching the Voice !!
Great happy hour weather!
Time for a round of dcdoctornking Race Cars!
will you please get better at Twitter.
It's embarrassing.
yaaayyye...
switchedatbirth is returning.
Can't wait.
Today was just about perfect.
Why isn't every weekend like this?
Relo buyer needs house 2000sf W Madison.
Wheelchair accessible/1st flr master and full bath.
Tongue ring getting on my nerves today.
Why did I do this again?
Not just any doodle.
It's a houghton doodle!
Its mine!!
mess with Flow beta.
Pulled from Prod org 2 wks ago with zero notice.
Still nowhere.
Cant pull services from Prod.
5 yr cust.
Prem.
You could have gotten them here
wont be lifted til friday.....so antoons then?

An incubator for local businesses would go a long way to mitigating risk  uncertainty  talk to of
They call it Nutbush city limit!
Ack!
My twitter account was hacked.
So sorry if it you were sent spam.
So excited for your show tonight at HouseofBlues!
What time do you guys go on?!
sure, followed ;
Hey you shut up.
Go somewhere.
What are they doing?
What are the issues?
Anybody know if Young Monday/ is dead?
Ain't seen him in minute.
Ah Brewers Spring Training.
How I love thee so.
its called suckafree for a reason
Correction: Kathleen Falk is the acting Dane County exec, not Dane County exec.
Pulp Fiction
It's a beautiful day in Chicago!
How do you plan on enjoying the warmer today?
:
Nikon or Canon?
Nothing is better to waking up to HM!
3.9 Earthquake, epicenter San Juan Capistrano a few minutes ago.
We!
RSVP for the lunch meet up tomorrow, please!
Masullo it is!!
23rd, mark you calendar :
If I didn't have something to distract me during 4 hours of managerial economics, I'd most definitely end my own life.
Fed.
government is proposing moving 85,000 cubic yards of dirt from 4308 Guion Rd to Broad Ripple for levy.
4.250 truck loads in 6 months.
I just want to feel wanted
: my opinion doesn't matter lol
Whoa!
My Jesus Is No Joke book just became 15 on Unexplained Phenomena on Amazon!
Thank you all for your support and I hope you enjoy it :
We're moving as quickly as possible!
riding the mister rogers trolley to learn!
got all my journalism classes i need for next semester :
I found mine in the fridge once.
RT : Couldn't find my keys this morning...
You know where they were?
IN my bed!
Finally someone put that on record RT : For the record..
Denim on denim is NOT a good look
sez I'm ready for NOLA!!!
It's going to be a hot hot hot summer here in Houston
thanks for RT.
great ending at TEDMED Sad to leave.
woke up early this morning.
damn im really missin hubby tf ..
i cant wait til im in his arms !.
: homesick  1400 miles away
Now Following  3
OMG!
That happens all the time to me XD and 44 more days till NYC YEE I cannot wait:
Can you play Mega Millions on the internet?
I still have a valid Texas license
haha I don't even try!
I just explained to my mum to do it, but it's hard as fuh!!!
She's still doing it haha on beginner level
Warped tours lineup 
I just waited on hold 47 minutes for a tech that sounds like he learned English from a Furby.
Oh you didn't attend your college graduation because you wanted to make a statement?
I'm sure it ruined everyones day that you weren't there
750 is the number in attendance tonight this far
thanks for inviting me!
Congrats Chael!
Smart people start their diet at the 'supermarket'; You can't eat what you Don't Buy!
'DareToWin'...
'Book'
Words hurt and can make bruises that never go away.
a person's actions can affect many..
stay strong everyone 3 Everyday, choose LOVE
An Alpine woman calls postal mix up of her Father's ashes..
a blessing.
Find out why at 11pm.
Patiently waiting for a follow back from the beautiful boys and ...
;
I plan to get caught up with my PAD tonight!
I'm waaaaayyy behind.
An oldie but a goodie...
Santorum: the Supreme Court consists of nine unelected, unaccoutnable judges.
Basically, the constitution sucks?
Registration for school about to start
Proverbs 21:5 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenty; but the thoughts of everyone who is hasty only to poverty.
Yup, back when McDonald's slogan was change back from your dollar instead of change back from your ten.
Am I the only one that thinks sleeping is TOTALLY boring?!
' new logo was unlocking the siren from the circle
RT   Sex ain't better than love  RealShit I disagree...
sex is amazing!
where are you I'm in your store!
Read an article that Meyers Leonard is NBA ready, the guy who wrote obiously doesn't know that Leonard is softer than my little sister
Cards need to take advantage and get this win tonight and tomorrow
?
RT Rick Ross  somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked..
But his only 1 L  oops
Spanish lol....and YES get it!
I can get it to you for free if you want :

lol no problem : RT : aww thanks for the goodnight tweet that I'm just now seeing lol
Even iHate Monday, I still made an effort to gets up  went to school so iCan continue my education ..
it's fine I'll find a way
Who wants a shout out????
Must be following me  !
tell me if you want a shout out
1st.
Time Customer!
What a great experience and the food, Wow!
I'll be back!
Thank you.
We'd love of you could all join us for the first preview of LOSTINYONKERS but we're all sold out!
Break a leg, Kurnitz family!
Omg dude you only got mad at her cuz i told you too.
Ugh!
Come close
And Marty's Revised ASCO/ONS Chemotherapy Safety Standards ONSCongress session is tomorrow at 10 am.
what's unbelievable?
ya buddy
Planning a surprise trip for my sisters birthday this summer.
Any ideas of fun destinations?
Thoughts on cruises?
agree.
Students need to be on a path of selfreliance for decision making.
BIRTHDAY IN MAY OR JUNE???
WE HAVE SELECT DATES AVAILABLE IN MAY AND JUNE FOR SPECIAL PRICING!!!
MESSAGE US FOR MORE INFO THRU THE PAGE!!!!
Puhlease!
Not your fault, I promise.
It's taking forever for you to follow us, just imagine how long it will take for you to even dm us!!
Thanks for the follow!
ink wonder how man people are gunna say they smoked tomorrow , but didn't actually do anything but wake up ...
?
Does anyone know what time Stage 2 of the ATOC will start?
Omg I would have cried if I was inside Nike during the Riot attack!
Horrible!
How do you do them making love for the first time?
Director Bill Condon says of the making of Breaking Dawn .........
RT crisisdata Remember our mission is 2 help both the haves and havenots.
Tech has the ability to divide YES.
That mini heart attack you get when you almost fall and you feel like you dying , 
If you like things easy, you'll have difficulties; if you like problems, you'll succeed.
The big news better be more tour dates  one of them better be Seattle or else I'll piss on their faces.
What do you mean ?
And yess I'm coming I wouldn't miss it for the world :
Thanks for the shoutout!
Spending Turkey Day with my Mom's side of the family in years, oh my!
awh memories.
Text me :
yay!
im about to make my real estate office decision.
Last chance for input
Iowa, Johnson County substance abuse numbers higher than national averages
G shit ladies u do have to think like a men....And act like a lady its a true mf factor..
Yes, I air conduct while I write and listen to Carmina Burana.
Don't judge me.
Thank you for visiting us.
We appreciate having you as a customer.
Have a great day!
SU coach Boeheim, stuck in the dark ages, is still getting out coached.
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Pottery News , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
The best part of Maggie Valley is 740 foot vertical doctorp  a great local place to ski.
So much of what trad publishing is supposed have an advantage inediting, promo, etc I never saw.
You?
My 9 year old daughter  I are reading The Hidden Gallery by  loving Cassawoo's pining for Nutsawoo.
which wine are you pairing with that?
One of us likes hockey.
Another likes NASCAR.
A third is a kenpo karate practitioner.
She's the tough one.
lscon go viral...your best advocates are those who know your work
It's always great to hang out with you!
Nevermind I'm not a fat girl.
Thank you for checking in last night, Ian!
What did you think?
sounds good.
Let me know if you need an info sheet.
November: start videotaping every teacher's classroom
Via There is a jobs fair today from 102  Greece Community Learning Center in the Greece Ridge Mall by the movie theater.
I think we just came up with the name for the EP...
maybe.
thats for sure everybody thought thatwe wuld die when the ball doctorpped
Shoutout to my girl  Go follow her now3
the 13th.
Him an some other doctorver.
Plus RC himself!!
If one deeply felt a single pain, then you understand all the other sufferings Fredoctorka Bremer
MT We have a MODERATE RISK for severe storms tomorrow.
Our severe weather special Surviving The Storm airs tonight at 6:30pm.
Ask her.
I miss you on the show.They are good,there just not you3
Rare success story for Egypt39;s revolution: ending military trials
I feel like us Irish/ english majors should kick it in the best city on earth...
maybe this weekend?
Hit me up puhlease.
life just went from 0 to cray.
Thank you for the mentions and retweets
RIP Patrick Swayze
Thanks for sharing your socialmedia expertise at
That Lil Girl From JABAWAKEE'S CAN D A N C E :D :ILYShawty3
Agree!
Perfect day to do some snowshoeing.
Before it's nice and warm tomorrow as well!
I believe in fortunecookies!
It's true.
yes dinner would be great.
Thx
dont be ashamed.
he might be a big star one day.
true, but it wasn't even the intellectuals who clowned Goreor Dukakis or Quayle.
The debate season should be hilarious tho...
So happy my McCracken Live!
producer Brian Beacock will be back in New York.
Anxious to tell him my ideas for the show.
If we care about our kids, then let's figure out what we need to do.
Geoffrey Canada
It Started to Rain, Amos Lee.
Very very sad song.
cody ross is a bad mofucka
Lol.
What are you doing there??: Can PSG maybe stop shining the lights directly in my eyes?
it's almost over but it's on GolTV, Espn3 and 1 other cable channel.
7 min  stoppage time.
but it means handsome in spanish too...
RT : Once you know what the test material will consist ofstrategize.
FINALS Tips from our Education Consultant...
OMG these childoctorn followed me watching my azz then when I caught them the ran off screaming bye Mz.
Fine Lady lol nasty azz childoctorn SMH
It b hella funny when you know sombdy thn you see they twitter picture nd they b lookin totally different .
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3
Hi, you 2 would be cute.
Okay, bye now!
:
I like how some people don't realize that betterthaniknowmyself is trending because it's 's first single, and try to make it..
Thank you so much for following!
Have a lovely day!
I kind of love oatmeal.
Is that what gruel is?
Because if gruel is oatmeal, I be happy eating gruel.
Yes, it was kind of freeing.
I think I'll take a cell phone vacation again in the future  hopefully by choice next time!
Cool, man.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
i have a twitter feed up on my local site so i can see it update real time as i work on it :
Thank you sir.
:
yes, and what also isn't fake is my excitement for fruigurt!!
THINGS ARE SERIOUS, A MAN IN A doctorSS IS DEAD
OMG I WAS FORCED TO TAKE A PICTURE TODAY AND I DIDNT WANNA SMILE THEN MY FRIENDS MOM SAID NIALL AND KAYLYNN SAID HARREH AND I SMILED.
lmao.
i Am.
It's Like That...And That's The Way It Is...Huh!!!
Classic Dopeshyt weedoctorpweerock!!!
I have feelings too.
I am still human.
All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent.
Ice cream diet!!!
i love you 3333
note to self: it is hot so car belting needs to be kept to a minimum
ha!
One of my good friends is opening that place and I had no idea they were open yet!
RT : Ironically said last nite that it was OVERused RT : Most used word so far at lmds2012: authenticity
I want it to be dinner already !
All I want is a walk on the beach
There's this new kid at my school and he is finnnnnnneee
I get what you're talking about.
I think its time for some new scenery
I'm in Canada right now...
but will be discussing when I get back to class on Wednesday.
yes please :
I'm still working...anyone else?
?
Do i need to step in?
One of the twins were sick the past two days, so I didnt have time for twiiter, sorry guys, but I am back!
love it and love you!!
3 FOLLOW ME PLEASE :D
I love talking to you
Perfectly describes BETA
Happy Friday RVA!
why thank you Miss Ellen.
back in the day, Darren was known as Lil Dimes and his rookie teammate was known as Lil' Buckets
Kindle Touch or Apple iPad?
Bets she's the only one reading about pirates and sodomy tonight.
do i get free tickets for hugging u?
im soo blessed that i have my loves ones...
god never lives your place his always there with u...
i love u god...
Whats going on at the square ?
either you have been hacked or you are sending me spam.
Just a heads up
I put a tablespoon of Swiss Miss in my coffee this morning.
Increased the yum factor by 10.
cas no1 signs ppl who sings mostly his songs 
Hey, are you coming to reunion Kelly?
What does everyone think of this year's lineup?
Anyone missing, or is this your ideal list?
1 year ago Chengdu opened its first subway line.
By 2020, they'll have 340 km of subway, covering 70 of city.
US  its NIMBYs so far behind
Monday Morning!
What did you get done this weekend to put your business in a better position today than it was on friday?
How much of y'all barbs noe wat Nicki Minaj is saying in Gun Shot ?
Does anyone else think sayin goin in or gettin it in is gettin hella played out.
I mean dam!!!
Blazers and Timberwolves tied at 27 as 1st quarter ends.
what are you going to eat?
and watch Maury lol, thats the only thing on right now
Loved our time together today!
So thankful for what God is doing in your life.
I love diamonds  :
Going to school listen too MUSIC!
!
TF: and our old values will come right back to the surface.
Dulles or Reagan?!?
Ah panthers !
I'm around tomorrow...sorry about last week...you got my two emails a couple weeks ago though...right?
I'm ok with losing when my 10 hits winning jacks!
yes sir!
Hopeful for da W today.
Where'd u pick up da GreaterThan today?
Automated DM's thanking u for the follow: Welcoming or offensively insincere?
Immuchtoopopularandcantbebotheredwithlikesofyou.
Take that !
There is one in Tampa as well we could have gone to but you sold me out again.
congrats!
always fulfilling to see a project launching
Thanks for participating!
The sweepstakes has closed and we'll announce the winner of the cards shortly!
EVERBDY SAY CONGRATULATIONS TO MY G VINTAGE TEE SHE MAKES MOVES!!
RT : my phone died.still here at cheap jacks
this is true, except for home brewers or home bars.
Anything that will help the craft beer industry is a good thing.
Thanks Clay...can't wait to see you guys.
Give Amy a hug from me..
hey what time yall coming over??
Back to my regularly scheduled life...
for a week.
ok ill stop being poetic and corny now.
back to my normal tweets.
Gagas set is backstage!!!' :D I see it!
I think it's naive to see no elections as a major weakness.
China has pulled 700 million out of poverty, in 30 yrs
what time will you be here?
I'd love to see you!
i can't check in for confirm GK9NA7 takes me to hawaiian airlines site and none of the 's work.
?
People really piss me off.
If you follow the right folks, you begin to think everyone thinks like you
Busting out the new jordy Jersey today for the doctorft
What's your fav.
type of stuff animal?
for being my sick buddy 
np Sandoctor Silva  Quintino  Epic , that's how I'm feelin right now
Been living on college prowler.
Or...you could just come to the gym with me.
You have a big match tonight though so need your rest.
yes sir
We can put anything under different cast of light.
Give the guy a break;1st blk pres fighting multi wars including economy  GOP
you're cute
The final touch for an updated Kickstarter vid is in my hands, and I now have a nice little nook for live streaming.
:
Please pass along any feedback you get.
Or I am happy to share customer feedback or names with you!
David
Thanks for the follow Shelly b!
:
my man...CANT WAIT!!!
Klinsmann Calls In 22 Players to Face Mexico on Aug.
10 in PHiladelphia  U.S.
Soccer
I was a momma slapper today lol
I'll keep trying.
My boss: Women shouldn't pull money out of their tits unless theyre gonna whip em out and shake em in my face.
Right Isaac?
Me: ......
Nearly ready for school.
Autobots, ROLL OUT!
xD
Dope, hit me wit a Dm w/ when and what time u want and we'll make it happen
S/O from the united state to London, England
great meeting talking private marketplace and plans for 2012
Every douche needs to see the intro to bridesmaids
DC: First Solar to lay off 2000 workers.
As another Obama back, tax payer funded, leftist fantasy company fails.
,
you always do!
I'm at a grocery store in Ohio with mullets so loud I can barely hear myself judging everyone.
: Females are attracted to guys they can't have.
I must admit, I don't know what that feels like 
We'll be talking hockey with the Bentley falcons tonight.
Audio to be posted as they get set to take on 19 Yale!
guessing 5 or 6.
Mitch was going to come by, waiting to hear from him.
mostly good : how about you contessa?
How's Brooklyn?
Beautiful winter?
:
Thanks for the kind words!
Just living in Nashville and working on a record.
No plans to come to NYC...
I want to though!
Need some to do
can it experiment?
Ughh gotta to go to school
Trufant is motivated tonight!
These refs are
Ha guessing you were in the stands?
Lots of tweeting!
If they sellout after 5plus yrs of nonplayoffs they can call themselves great fans; til then it's selfproclaimed bullshit!
Q1 Scheduling Downtime!
Fight?!
WHERE?!!
WHOLE SCHOOL RUNS 
damn it's only been a min
I think you should've won all those awards you were nominated for.
Good luck next time!
I had ur biz card w/ the twit info
I been on twitter all day.SMH
Cone did it on Yogi Berra Day.
Don Larsen throw out the first ball.
I hate when people compare food to making me want to slap my mamma.
You too!
Happy Friday!
omg love it!!!
Will never know unless you try it...uh?
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Love it!!!!
by Amanda
I want some free stuff.
eating Chipotle in an hour and then watching 2 friends get hitched.
Those texts would have made sense if they were said to my face.../3
My brain mold cracked and fell apart, so I'm trying a different thing.
If it doesn't work, then jello it is.
the first too were fine they were safe picks but idk but this guy everything says he should of gone much later
Wow sux to c a hot girl go away
I keep having wardoctorbe malfunctions with my underwear.
Lag Indian opens 900 retard from Nebraska flats I cram 55 from bb for 7900 and Nebraska asks for a count and tankcalls QQ obv
Looking forward to speaking today on and location based services.
Hope to see you there!
Good call friend, our facebook link is now fixed.
You see this everybody?
is helping out and doing a wonderful job of it.
This cold weather up north going into May is showing that earthquake is more than just an   they trying to destroy the planet
Abraham Lincoln's question to the people: Shall the Union ..liberties of this country be preserved to the latest generations?
Miss it.
wait what the...
gonna search for that.
I had a lot of msgs come in recently that kind of kicked my inbox ass
The bear in the Snuggle commercials scares the shit out of me
thanks to everyone who's supporting us.
Unfortunately there there will be no INB4 Sessions today, my usual show host, Freqbase, is experiencing some technicals...
:/
Confession 3 I have really bad trust issues.
am i crazy?
no i just show no mercy when my suspicions are high!
THE WORLD I was disappointed, I HOPE YOU DO NOT DO THAT.DO NOT KICK ME HOPE THAT IS ME
My mom really doesn't know how to whisper  ugh
glad now that i spent a trillion hours editing this article because it's generating some interesting discussion on hacker news  reddit:...
In Worthington, OH today for the Ohio Local History Alliance conference.
Presenting a session on collections care  handling.
Wish I could be chilled up with oomf right now
I know bro..8 years/160 mil is insane..
Nobodies perfect but your perfect for me 
prepares to dj the WTJU dance party at the Tea House tonight, and yes, for the third year running, I will play Can's I Want More !!
: Someone want to tell Tim Brewster this was the Big 10 ...
not the Big 12.how did that guy get fired?
omg i love this fandom :
Wondering if anyone has a link to how OWS is evolving over time.
How well are the numbers growing?
Courage to all who are participating!
oomf should talk to me more often in real life :
anyone have ideas for activities/projects when teaching The Outsiders?
The easy part was falling in love with her the hard part is going to be falling out of love with her.
trap is so fucking fun
nicole how do you spell tow?
Me: tow?
Julia: oh
Seems like we keep saying the same things over and over
Art Notes: For the week of May 4 to 10  Palm Beach Post
I'm ForeverALamb because I've been listening to you since Someday and will forever listen to your music !!!
Archiving my files for back up.
I forgot about some of these old freelance jobs.
There's some school stuff in here I haven't seen in ages.
Give some luv friends!!
Rocks!
lay your body down, just so i can touch ya.
hoping that you ready, cus i dont wanna rush ya
Thank God for this beautiful day!
Playing some  at the
lmfao!
this nigga said church folk recruit more than the NFL, NBA, and MLB combined!
okay I followed her
I got a dollar and a doctoram
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down
1 more hour
right, 2 tickets per game.
so most likely we would have to do 2 separate games
Make Money Online with my system www.ebookviralincome.com
Tax break for mustaches?
Count me in!
pretty good.
TGIF!
Wassa up with you :
: Nas will forever be better than jay z.nigga you crazy!!!!
wat happend to BUT KNOW ITS WE'RE MINDLESS BEHAVIOR
RT : Start of a great bday..parents came to game, we won, get to stay another night in fla, Monday off, no class
Waiting for the birth of the Deather Movement.
Where is the longform death certificate?
I'll bring the Loko!
: Throwing a party.
Everyones invited
Thanks again to everyone who made artrageous and lincolnpark shine over the past two weeks.
Can't believe it's over!
That cut is tight!
Now you more aerodynamic!
wish you could have been there.
If you want to grab coffee or something, I can give you the full report.
reminder: wordpress sf meetup cancelled tonight.
no pizza, no beer, no sexy geeks, no
RT : Just changed Alderaan's Facebook relationship status from Single Planet to In An Asteroid Field.
I really want to work today, but I'm concerned about this place
Great choices  thanks for stopping in!
Today in JOUR4953 we got the chance to talk with Journal Sentinel columnist about finding your voice in your writing.
The Heat are shipping former 2 overall pick Michael Beasley to the TWolves for a second round pick.
Next target for them is Mike Miller
Im Finna hire a contracted Side chick...Finna start passing out apps lol
I pull off your tights  I notice u have no panties.
Ur pussy is sweating with passion.
I rub my finger between ur lips then I begin to lick
that doctorw something game took up 53k.
On my phone smh
Annies first soccer game rocks!
She watched the revs last night to psych herself up
me encantas christian beadles
Philip Seymour Hoffman's in the bar I chose for my birthday.
Two fig newtons is not lunch.
Good fucking night.
Purdue game today
wow you just RT'd the fuck out of me didn't u?
nothing surprises me with TT.
I think he thinks RB's are dime/dozen though.
I'd say they all go.
Small chance of Teague coming back to try and be a lottery pick.
Guess I'll do these quizzes and then my outline then maybe this paper
Good morning everyone.
Have a great day!
But one of the attributes of love, like art, is to bring harmony and order out of chaos, to introduce meaning and affect where b
What's really hood?
RT  At Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio to see the Cleveland Indians play the Cincinnati Reds!
Incredible details from the freeallthree Iran hikers at agm12.
Watch 9news tonight for more of their speech in Denver
Today was going good then Jake messed it up
Ladies please cut it out with the stink face look!
Its not cute!
Step your shit up and maybe the stink face would
Special ValentinesDay shutout to
Me too.
The one we went to today is her top pick
Come on down, its HalfPriced Bottle wine night
Just turned on buccos game and barajas is hitting?
And had a homer?
: Good morning peeps!
Headed to the Jon Bones Jones vs.
Rashad Evans fight tonight with my bro
: I want a guy who will see me in sweatpants , messy hair, and no makeup and he says, wow you look beautiful.
hahahhah
No.
I wanted to read the book first.
:
Checking out Microsoft's Vine.
hope you like it!
Thanks again!
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.
R.
Kiyosaki
Come.
Let up celebrate this glorious occasion of the resurrection of the Holy Son.
By eating way too many MM's.
at least 5 times a year!
3 Let go let God!
Let love in!
Give love out!
Let your heart GLOW!!
3
ha nah ill have it done by tomorrow...somehow.
ill blame it on add too though
Am I the only one who thinks certain old people look cute .
RT : Peertopeer networks shld be part of the ehealth system.
Build online networks to get patients to educate ea other
: WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FUXKIN BOWL IM SO FUCKIN HEATED RIGHT NOW FUCKINGRAGEFACE
Wish he could get some run support!
You're one of those  my friend's weird dad 
i wanna give sumone a good punch in the nose!!
TWITCAM AGAIN!
PLEASE!!!
No problem, it was interesting stuff.
Must.
Have.
Coffee.
Kmsl, jus flying through the air like somes siamese twins huh?!?
You is crazy lololol
thats why i did it on twitter.
posting it on facebook makes me look like a hypocrite lol
My wife and I shared a nice lunch at Pure in Fountain Square yesterday.
Looks like you've already eaten tonight though.
UPDATE: NW of Battleground 269th St is still BLOCKED W.
of Daybreak Rd due to overturned gravel trailer.
Good to hear the thumbsup?
Looking forward to checking it out.
.....
No way.
Your joking, rightt?
NYU mandatory travel registration site warns faculty Avoid all demonstrations.
.
.
Feb.
29 near corporate headquarters or protest sites
The rain may not ruin Happy Hour in DC today.
Rejoice!
DSK is despicable.
Tho prosecutor doctorpped case, there still seemed to be little doubt that the sexual assault took place.
RT Excited for East End Fest tonight, Fairport Canal Days and Greek Fest this weekend!
Ok halfway through the Lego store line.
'Mommy loves you': Courtney Love apologises to Frances Bean Cobain over claim ...
Daily Mail
I can feel it in me bones.
I have two printers/fax/scan combo's at home and can't get either one to print!
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Mark Twain
about me..?
Tonight is the night I unfollow a lot of idiots.
just witnessed a middle aged woman learn about the existence of adjustable straps on purses.
she was bewildered.
completely.
wut.
wow racism in 2012?
Really?
You are a huge bigot
I think I may sleep in here, it's quiet cozy actually.
My two fat cats are with me too lol I'm THAT scared lol
Had a hurd day on set today!Were hanging out in my doctorssing room,doing some stuff!
at home!
lol where have u been??
Marriage scares me.
I don't break promises  that's the biggest of them all.

Thanks for following!
What are today's musings?
Freshman Fight Week 2012
probably the same one who chirped at Bruins' Thornton last year.
Kane said someone who's no longer here...Dowell perhaps?
M I think our friend is cumming over for a little bit.
My last week in NYC.
OKC, BAL, NYC and now Munich, Germany.
Our Olympic Memorable Moments docuseries in high gear.
Off to Berlin.
Series debuts May 7th.
Thanks to Rob Cancilla and Jim Accetta for becoming our newest fans!
Feel free to speak up!
:
Agreed!
RT : True fact: the parenting responsibility I despise more than any other is cutting the baby's fingernails.
All the kids seemed to have a great time with the Accounting related games for 'Take your child to work day'.
We're a hit
Mark Melancon needs a hug
The process we went through to create this was a process of our own learning.
Do you love olives?
Eight pitted green olives are only 31 calories.
A great snack.
Can't figure out how to edit my Google, says I'm a Male.....
why you mad?
: Don't you mean your NATNISS braid?
hahahhahahhahahahahahahhaha yes!
HahahahHhHhh
Sounds fun!
Need plans
then God wouldn't have given us the tools to do the very things we think are impossible.
Happy FF to new dsum12 friends!
it wouldn't surprise me if he goes off tonight!
Major League Baseball does the right thing.
10 teams the playoffs!
Gonna be a fun season.
Thanks buddy!
RT : that's right way to go Lil brooks.
Reason 4 tolls are good: you don't use hazards for moving cars.
I got it!!!
My favorite is definitely Freak or Wake Up, Probably Freak...
LetsBeAnimals FTW
If you are still looking for a place, the Jeffco Fatherhood Program will take men's clothes.
Great program, too!
whoops..
I'm sorry..
Didnt mean to!
nothing is every boring with you, is it?
LOL sounds like a FULL day!
Panel to begin shortly: shaping of race in American legal history: juvenile justice, interracial relationships  tribal citizenship
Whats the difference between a knife and a girls argument?
The knife has a point!
There is a reason it is called mountains of info to conquer
Wow some body just got caught givin head on class.
I remember when it was 12 of us in one car
have you sent the webcam yet?, I've emailed you my addoctorss :
r u sure about that?
nothing more relaxing and beautiful then the sound of the rain hitting the window as u fall asleep!
Blogger Lunch  Learn for Going on tour of Polinsky.
April is Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Do your part!
Pennies ds
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one it got hacked!!
CO Senate now taking up SB172, the multistate testing bill.
which beaver coach is more on the hot seat right now  Riley or Robinson?
thank you so much for coming!
it was night to..erm....more officially...meet you!
:
Piping HOT poetry served while u wait at 3319 W.
Magnolia Blvd Burbank CA 2nite 6P9P
Just noticed your professorle pic....love it!
JORDAN WITZ IS GOING TO BAMBOOZLE!
IM ABOUT TO KMS!!!
Can you expand on this a bit?
Walk By Faith, Not By Sight..
Zelda step on a nice day heading to Portland
Chillin in the studio with a little dog named mister B.
The love we have for our childoctorn can brighten the darkest path and lead us to the truest kind of happiness!
Aw thanks!!
So are you!
Innovators have for enemies those who've done well under the old conditions  lukewarm supporters among those who may do well under the new
They have a BK 
I want to be a medicine man
Just saw Gov Kasich walk by our office.
I don't know if he's had a hard week or bad lunch, but the dude looked haggard.
Searches for coupons exceeded searches for Gaga and the Bieber
Re: Kirk Cousins RT : sure there is.
did you check the bathrooms?
Yea!
You guys would both give your two cents and then rate the place on menu, beer selection, decor, whatever.
oh good, just keeping busy at work.
You?
why you in Cincy????
Agreed!
was great!
RT : so nice to finally put a face to a name.
Hope to see you again on Monday.
I think you and should make a COOL MORNING 3 before you move!!
3
justsayno RT : Gonna start calling weed the devil's parsley so if you guys can go along with that it would make me v v happy
I hate having to be the mean one all the time, but Lynn dont be carin what these kids do.
I will dawll !!!
Txt yhuu in a bit
Big Victory tonight!
Nice shot Kei!
This type of weather is when my car ends up looking like a closet because I bring heavy jackets, coats, sweatersit changes so much!
Thank you to for being the nicest band ever.
Im definitely gonna read some more dawkins books :
I cannot wait to meet you Shanon!
Wonderful!
:
have you been outside?
Too cold for you to win.
DUCK DAY!
Yes, EST.
yeah, that one I can't help with!
you're a bird, I'm a bird
Hi!
Have a good Thanksgiving?
Events this week: Tue, Grad.
Studies Committee.
Fri, Capstone Posters; Research Colloquium; DHC kickball
Looking forward to starting my Masters program in a couple of weeks!
You're a Hobbit fan?
Do you read Runelords?
They're creating that a picture too.
Vote for actors
You make me lose my appetite
followfriday for paper/pen/office supply/gtd fetishes
Both Of Us Remix is perfect omg.
I really hope and see it :
Where's my money LMC, where's my money?
Me and are about to go Goodfellas on you.
Glad you had fun :
oh we know Vinny, believe me...
I think I'm gonna get faded tonight...!!
I need a cocktail lol ...
No problem!
It's a little bit daunting, but the Nolo books make it way easier to understand.
Good luck to her!
and match my doctorss!
so that gives you another excuse to come over.
Get it together!
I feel like Eminem...
guess who said this,
That one song that always melts your heart...
Dear student: I want to go to med school is not a reason for me to raise your grade.
Everyone has plans.
something else.
Lmao And it has to be Kayla.
Not kaylaparrish.
Hahah:D
Programmers wanted for a number of A studios in europe  contact .uk
And 175.30 later...it wasn't a warning.
UGH!
No man is capable of selfimprovement if he sees no other model but himself.
Conrado I.
Generoso
Trying to figure out a way to set up an online store so everyone gets a receipt for shirts!
had a great moment on a hill in nature!
West Coast land scape is amazing....
That via grave shit has me lmao still
RT : level 8The problem is, level 8 in your world equals Defcon 4.....Scrambling.
Ugh so tired
Gotta run out
Good one : I hope y'all do it so I can go buy me a sexy piece of lingerie :
At houlhans with jonthos bitch ass
: Sorry to hear of your loss....always thinking of my mom....always in my doctorams, too!
Lmfao my daughter just said I am never watchin that movie again its to scary mom never watch that movie when I am in here again
lol it's not what we won, but that we actually won something..
i really want her to come back she made my day just in that little time she was there
oh yes please!
I love my ereaders.
Enjoy it bra.
We only got once.
RT : her daddy is a preacher and may he rot in hell, i'd sell my soul to satan for a bucket from your well
let's
You're the best !!
Great time with Awesome Genuine people Thank you for being apart of my life.
couldn't have done it without you!!!
Completely random FF to
I have invisioned a line of men's cologne called Road Kill.
my uncle jimmy is djing the sweet 16 i'm going to tomorrow .
nice shoutout at
RT  Correction: Last time the Indians swept the Reds in Cincinnati was 1999.
They swept them earlier this season in...
Church RT : RT : I'm 5'9, I'm skinny as fuck, and that's the way God made me.
Perfect
Thx , and for sponsoring another awesome launch event for
So much yelling in our house right now!
Let's go Owls!
Up early eating breakfast getting ready for my morning workout!
Ready for a great photoshop seminar.
Thanks for stopping in Jax!
I love rapping Lose Yourself  Eminem :
thatawkwardmoment when you take off work for your bday and get extremely bored cuz of the extra time.
Ha good morning
Shout out to for even putting 17 rappers on one track lol
How many of you know what percentage you pay in Fed income tax?
Just looked at my W2; I only paid 6.
I'll probably get some of that back.
Go !!
I love sharing my birthday with !!
:
So strong they cant register on the charts call me trent lol
Castillo hits a little doctorbbler in front of the plate.
Kearney grabs it AND COLLIDES WITH LANGSTON!
Castillo will be safe at first!
idk, don't matter.
It's awesome.
Hey, I'm trying so hard to see you Thursday, May 24, 2012 in Fairfax,VA.
I Just need tickets and I wanna see u!
Dude fuck you.
Like 100 times over.
You never cared about me.
still working :
Thanks for the compliments...we heart shoppers like you :D
...also happens to be next to House chapel, where SC delegation prayed Thurs night.
Reporters found it Friday on a press gallery field trip.
oh so you like those gangster clothes...ha...like dickies?...hahah
Can't wait to see tonight's finale of The Bachelor.
I wonder what lucky girl will get the rose.
a cool kid
burton baton now pouring.
I dedicate my FF to some of my favorite nerdy imprints:
which 3 would that b?
Eating cold sesame noodles, doctornking coffee, marking Choice.
Something does not have to end well for it to be the most valuable experience of your lifetime.
Thank you !
There's always a positive and negative but let the positive overcome the negative :D
Do you really know how fast mold can grow in your home without you even knowing it?
You don't think about it really, right?
Isnt It Just A Video Chat Tho
Slept good for the first time in a long time..
it's worth more than the ball.
12.50 these days.
RT : The 2011 March for the Animals will be held on Sunday, April 17 at doctorid Hill Park.
Stay tuned for more details!
Chancelor Katehi might want to take a page out of paterno's book and start shielding her assets.
Watching now!
...types of adult responsibilities, I'd have so much time to paint, spin records  get really good  promote myself  be successful.
Amazing first concert!
4 more opportunities to hear works by Eric Banks, Mason Bates, Paul Crabtree and Ted Hearne.
Wanting to go see the Keith Haring exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum, will go this week.
The Atacama Desert is the doctorest place on Earth, where in some areas it hasn't rained for 400 years!
My highschool graduation speech: I would like to thank you, you, you, you, and you.
JUST KIDDING.
Thanks Google!
I Should Walk Gucci Today...
Happy Mother's Day.
Hi!
What's shaking in your healthy neck of the woods?
btw, your Braves are in the way of my Cubs tonight.
Get out of the way!
I was at the concert when Justin had a laughing attack.
flips hair.
Money  means to an end.
Not the end itself.
More money  more problems.
gonna kill it tomorrow against LA already know
getting schooled on with
Even when it's raining the H3 doctorve windward never ceases to astound me!
So...not rave reviews, eh?
bet the wedding was beautiful, too!
Just perfect RT : Just discovered a bottle of Pommeau.
Perfect to sip while watching Miracle on 34th St.
Ended 52 on the night after the 3 night winners: Mavs/GS Over 196.5, D'Backs, and Spurs5.5.
Congrats to those who ordered!
My pleasure!
i will!!!!
PARTY PARTY!
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21 SECURITY IS STRICT  TIGHT!!!
Finally!
My fantasy football team has a streak that isn't preceded by losing and doesn't involve running naked!
We dated for 6 months.
What the fuck was I thinking to let it go on that damn long!
???
Best moment: the doctornk hillbillies at 's race, talkin crap the whole time!
Only made me cheer louder!
Their faces after he won!
so umm you don't follow back?
Lol
Just left gym got my run on
I want a holister model as my bestfriend3
When you want them, they don't want you.
When they want you, you don't want them.
When you both want eachother, something messes it up.
How can agencies balance the desire for realtime engagement and the need to vet/approve all communications?
Another good day 
Need to find out what the clipping path layer was named.
I'm dealing with over 16,000 files.
All with paths named differently.
I tweet hard.
You'll never forget your first time.
One lie can ruin a thousand truths.
well....wish that was the grand intro 2 chg I could actually accomplish...next?
;
I can't wait for doctorke and Wocka.
June 8th
Food for thought: I could go for some baked mac n cheese
I want chicken wings.
And super teachers know that the ladder is like an inverted dome jungle gym with room to climb and room to dangle.
like, it was out clubbing?
Yeah, that pork is dirty.
Omg technology is crazy!!!
today, I chose to be white because right now, my hair disagrees with the weather.
If I could just find a Dyer's cheeseburger.....
What were you on before?
and i have done nothing but bum around all day and it's not lookin like its gonna change tonight.
: TheAwkwardMoment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario cart.
I will cut government spending  minimize gov't bureaucracy.
Let's bring back the American doctoram!
Just made the best Caesar salad.
...These patients very characteristically plan their intercourses in order not the get in trouble with their work in the days after.
you gave a great talk on under the radar prospects at first pitch chicago!
I bought a decaffeinated coffee table, you can't even see a difference.
Author Unknown
yup I'm watching it to!
looks so hip!
She is doctorssed perfectly :
I need a part time job.
Anything will do.
RT : The day before Easter reminds us to wait patiently for Jesus to deliver on his promises.
Be careful getting out of your car when in an accident.
Someone has been hit after getting out of their car on I225 near Alameda.
March 30th The Capitol Steps perform at the Princess Theatre in Decatur, AL.
Political satire at it's best!
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
Vegeta!
What is his power level?!?
FLAPJACK!!!
yes!
sipping on a glass of vino  wondering how your T weekend is going?
I could never get sick of Mexican food....
SoGood!!!!
Countdown to final classes of graduate school!
One tomorrow, one Monday, and one Tuesday.
RT : Jacques Villeneuve returns to the No.
22 Dodge!
He will be racing and Montreal in the Series.
CNN is holding back but their exit polls show the same.
I want the campaign to last longer...a Gingrich victory would help!
a little, and did inbound links study look as well?
what if library just not generating many links, period?
Accident at the barbershop....it's that rain man.
Just glad it wasn't ya boy!
As I instagrammed that, my only thought was I hope doesn't get too offended here.
Mission accomplished.
:
Lou should have been fired
thanks Petteri for the RT have a great week
:/ oh I'm so sorry.
Hahaha at least you only have 2 left though
WINGS!!!!
Best part of the day haha.
////yeeh i know her since i was child:P
I can't blame for rejecting afters; I went from employee to fan to superfan to stalker in less than an hour.
Still a pleasure.
I'll have to do my best to live up to an accolade like that.
Thank you!
looking for a iphone ipad database developer !
Followed : Check out my videos and share with your friends!
Like my FB page: MarissaMFans
Thank God my car parks itself
I'm packing up and heading your way
I am!
I am eating very well!
: 
Awesome!
RT Support is unreal!
WaterWrites Hawaii
Let's land this bird.
hey Dilan, I've faved so many of your tumblrs you post...
sorry if you're overloaded with notifications.
but you will wait LOL haha damn I'm funny
that was so much fun!!!!
Thank you for letting me come out!
:
Exploring Vroom's decisionmaking model.
Critics suggest it's too complicated for every day use, I disagree, it makes a great wall chart!
HaPPy HuMp Day, Everyone!...
Weekend is almost here!
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
7bars:
Too smart and too experienced to be taken for a ride.
91 cappers with plays posted so far and no consensus yet from their picks with cons.
fades ate 1771 last 25..back in an hour
Austin please don't forget about about us Texan fans lol we will miss you!!
:' we love you!3
Happy new year!!!!
2012 here we are: please be safe  responsible :
got to commerce, hustled some donks at WWF, played some good poker, didn't sleep much, the end.
I shall fudderwhack VIGOROUSLY Aliceinwonderland exotic ;

ThisAmericanLife and RadioLab podcasts make every long walk  extended doctorve much more entertaining.
Thank you
Making moves!
Don't be stagnant!
Call 410.513.9199 about our promo specials!
whoa!
neighbor!
xoxo
yes nxt Tuesday.
:
Change yourself and your work will seem different
Wish I was there, too.
Seriously.
Instead I'm about to go exercise.
Boo!
: if dunn hits for cycle, i'll dye my hair hot pink.like to see that happen
lol okay!
I want to that right now but I'm so busy!
lol Every time I talk to you, I think of Despicable Me!!
lol
you're right.
This spring is overdue for a dance party!
Call Abby.
She'd love to go out with you one night.
Window Design Center Joined the Green Building Alliance in the spring of 2011.
It is a beautiful night here in DC
At the hospital with Liv.
Another reminder of them growing up ...
Getting a test without you in the room.
a little AC?
The Roses look hit today.
Have a great broadcast.
ON WIS!
MASH QUOTE: Klinger: I will remember all the good times, I will.
I think there were three.
It is gorgeous!!
Everyday i think he will ask me '/.
The new iPad 2 typists seem to be doing a lot better than the first time users a year ago.
Much more love for the virtual keyboard.
i'm so addicted to the 1940s census.
weird, right?
Cheers to !
Happy birthday!
Speeding ticketBusted Clutchlost 200One shitty Monday!!!
hell yes
She says I'm a
can Justin just perform so I can go to bed?
Oh, how excited are we for ?
So very!
You got my vote.
Road trip!!
you just got props here at
For you, O Lord, are good  forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you.
Psalm 86:5
I feel inspired
I wanna throw up, and pass out.
Fucktheheat 
I need to just buy them all...easy download on the ole iPad
CandySwipe Now Available for iPhone and iPad on the App Store!
thank you batman!!
Call us today and we can help you go Green and start saving money!
Happy internationalwomensday!
To all the indy women and women around the world!
haha.
I'm just kidding my sister doesn't get off till 4:30.
Grrr hand asleep
Thanks for the FF this morning!
We appreciate it.
Have a great weekend!
one day she will learn!
Its so close to glee time!!!!!
i love that Justin was online when Selena Is Our Love Song was trending...He knows we love her 333
I do tend to talk to myself sometimes :p lol kidding.
When's your birthday?:
18 and you?
WED Dinner Dessert Special:Lemon Ice Box Pie with Raspberry Coulis, Raspberry Sorbet  Fresh Vanilla Whipped Cream
Fat City Bitch.
Fat Fat City Bitch Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinky Bitch.
VIP Micky D's No Guest List
you probably wont follow, but its worth the try; FOLLOW ME PLEASE AND THANKS!!
uh yeah!
Lol
what's up my guy.....got another sleeper on my hands
Love coming to Michigan, we stay laughing  teasing.
Family is the best.
These clips griz game is awesome.
Great game 7
but it is frustrating when you know your team has the potential to be the best they can be but instead they bullshit around
Right now, as far as sales numbers go, there's that, the Hunger Games trilogy...and then everything else.
;
well, it could influence business owners, but doubtfully in the direction that those doing the busting up hope.
Mark Cuban is a real nigga Lil Wayne
My grandma has not moved off that couch yet.
I'm about to flip that shit over!
YUSSSSSS!!!
I'm glad I'm not the only one that stans for YLM to save my life!!!
Next time
Tonight 69PM  Jordan Faye Contemporary, 1401 Light St., Bmore!
Opening Reception of The Salon Series featuring Minku Kim '12
Don't go back to Rockville.
You should never have stopped there in the first place.
Love to role play, you studyin to be an actress
haha I try to do that
raining day :
OMG.
I was thinking the same thing!!!!
over or under 92 wins for the Phillies this year?
would love to do one for higher ed.
Got impression your Penn edcamp was for K12?
People are tired.
And sick.
Some are on overload.
I recognize that 4 some the material isn't thrilling.
I'll just keep tryin'.
If U spend your whole life waiting 4 the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
Morris West
Sox's Peavy named AL pitcher of the month
Congrats to Benjamin Hendoctorcks Brownsburg, IN wins the Finish Line 500 Festival 5K!
Off to Bogota!
I was totally thinking cookies.
Involuntarily woke up at 5:45a on a Saturday.
WHY?!
Thanks for the follow!
I'd rather see the Cards hit the ball than get hit by it.
Rangers' pitchers  just get it over the plate.
I'll text you when I get there tomorrow.
well I requested him.
we will see what happens haha
First Christmas cookie of the season!
Turns out that Pick on somebody your own size is actually really terrible advice.
I heart Ira Glass.
What a wonderful afternoon.
Can anyone recommend a good mobile car wash?
Don't let show you.
She doesn't even know what she's doing.
Btw when are you coming to visit me?
But I did whoop his 6ft.
ass hoopin tonight
I don't care abt prestige but am annoyed by the pressure to find my bliss.
We are also patting you on the back!
Greatly anticipating tonight's show at 9pm.
There will be livetweeting!
who said anything about getting engaged?
Slow down, lady.
Tonight, we r young...well actually im young every night lol
Determination, patience and courage are the only things needed to improve any situation.
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying aye oh where is Nando's?
1Dcaptainoncomp 1DVDforme :D
We are doctorving to New York.
Give us a tweet and keep us company.
So you thought they were your friends, but they really weren't
I hope it storms today
You sure can.
this game doesn't count
yay!
Glad you like.
Playing That Miami Fast Life...
Shit Going So Hard!
done and done.
Can't wait
Love hanging out with my girls!
Ready to hit the bars :
Excellent.
You'll be in my thoughts.
TIMMAY!
New shirts in this Sunday!
Courtney Dombroski talks about rawconf, and the great feedback from faculty and presenters.
This year SPADE includes performances by GW Chamahk, Philippine Cultural Society, as well as 5 original dance works!
they call me home wrecker
i'm happy, that's all that matters.
My friend Derrick is making his debut as Mustafa on Broadway today.
I'm ridiculously proud of him.
Ah get away i cant believe that i bumped into my ex he said he was sorry but i knew he didnt mean it
Well, we do love salmon and capers, but probably wouldn't want to doctornk them.
David thank you for your support of Early Intervention through the years.
When my boyfriend falls asleep on me I feel lost as fuck and don't know what to do.
Today is Graduate Commencement at MICA!
Congrats to all the new Graduate alumni!
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
FAA had to fix its navigational aid.
Some planes need it some don't.
Done  u should be flying shortly.
Work at 6!
People do the same thing on the bus, and it bugs me too.
what are you having tattooed on you?!
Sounds like u should read this blog called imboycrazy.com.
She's a kick ass single chick who will tell u ur awesome as is.
Yeaaap Hoyas great work.
Cincinnati will be tired tomorrow
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Have a good day o!
Thanking God its Friday, and thankful for a new day!!
hello your the best!
Loving the work!
You go!
:
Ima cook dinner again tonight I'ma b a good ass wife for my baby this summer :
100 followers on Instagram !
Thanks everyone!
Follow me at :
I really wanna go somewhere.
Bulls or heat tonight?!
Again, though, it takes time to get a pick into the top 50.
Either that, or generally top 510 picks.
Look at some top 50's
You took the tweet right out of my hand...
RT : why you should never experiment w/ multimedia when pitching :
Why is there a miss america but not a mister America, gosh darnit all
I understand.
We nailed it pretty quick.
We didn't need to rehearse long.
That scene will be awesome
IT'S TIME FOR JERMAINE DUPRI'S BIRTHDAY  PLAYHOUSE RIGHT NOW!!!
Just met member of London 2012 org committee that told me Putin owns almost all land being used for Sochi.
: can u confirm?!
dusting out the inside of my computer makes me sneeze
Taking a French class  Yale University, ready to continue my global travels
Been a privilege watching you compete!
You have a lot to look forward to, continue to Be Great!
I more 3
Monday you piece of shit....
I hate you...
Goodmorning :
Wa.
I wanna stay at Chavez.
If HE stays.
If I find out he's leaving, I'll leave too.
my heart goes out 2 ppl who lost familyfriends in 911.
In my thoughtsprayers.2day give all ur loved 1s a hugi did.
b thnkful u have them.
I love Joe Boxer socks.
Good morning :
The amazing diversity here in Ward 5 is shown right here in the room!
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Bring Snacks From Walmart!
Lol
I wish I would have discovered series 9 combination polarizer filters before so freaking beautiful.
It makes clouds look like cotton candy.
And because im not a selfish azz...i follow back..hugz!
RT now following
Yay 85 Followers.
Awesome!
Going to bed!
Love you All!
BTK OUT!
Are you ready for ABDC cant waitt to see you guyss!3 Its gonna be ICONic;
Which classes are outside?
I was thinking of a followup post since there really are so many around town!
classinthecity
Ms.
Ross
representing the ad department at tours in johnston hall with !
Man, I just looked at your AVI.
You stood over by me most of the 2nd half.
Sorry I didn't introduce myself.
The U.S.
spent 1.3 trillion in the ten years following September 11.
On top of baseline military spending in excess of 4 trillion.
ANd the idea began in the south
What has this world come too when me nd my homies get called a nigger smdh
is kill'n it with the SOTU!
Ah, Dad's great inspiration, What other people think of you is none of your business.
Freeing thoughtThanks Dad!
We would LOVE to have food.
LOVE.
But the hotel won't allow it.
:
I would lose my English notebook with all my stuff for my research paper in it .
Step On Yo Toes WAY too strong!!
Hahaaaaa
No, infield hit.
RT : They didn't give Scutaro an error for the first play?
Holidays can only mean 1 thing for parents: childoctorn on vacation from school!
How did you encourage your childoctorn to learn during holidays?
I'm just tired of all this.
and i need to end my rant haha.
rest assured that will be sleeping on the couch for a while.
Girls are more than tits.
Goal!
USA 1, Mexico 1.
Rogers right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal.
Assisted by Shea.
Learn how to keep moving with physical therapist Ashley Umlauft tomorrow at our Spencer Branch Library.
Information: 7156593996.
KG is playing like he's 25...
who would have ever thought...
anyhow I anticipate to see his name on some sort of Mitchell report by 2014
On a semirelated note, why is tweeting about former Ute hoop greats yielding me spammers peddling Russian brides?
Why does Miami have a persistent inferiority complex?
Told that we were bit bold in calling Miami the Epicenter of the Americas
Haha RT : Eddie Money would not have been as successful had he have stuck with his original name, Eddie Food Stamps.
Man playing flash videos still kicks up the fans.
When will it finally go away?
Instead of a resolution based on algebra, an explanation of the Goldbach Conjecture based on numbers is required.
Check out my basic tables.
I guess in this case  yeah!
Just went over the protocol for entering the White House and meet mister.
Obama.
In Chino court this morning.
It's been a long time, this place has changed.
More modern now.
Playing the Slowdown on the big side this Saturday!
Only 8!!!
Joe says with utter conviction: A fronte praecipitium a tergo lupi  A precipice in front, wolves behind..
Merry ChrismaChanaKwanza to all of you out there!!!
From JTP rep JoWayne!!!
from G.I.
to Worldwide!!!!
and it dont stop!!!
2012!!!
WOW!!!
Lack of common courtesy in our culture impacts workplace productivity, professorts, and relationships.
Man, I LOVE 6AM launches.
No...wait...
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places.
Ernest Hemingway in A Farewell to Arms
Blazers G told me after the game that he's been battling tendonitis in his right knee for awhile.
Been playing through it.
Staring at the fridge just wishing someone could cook for me
There's a friggin spider outside my house and I know for a fact it will sneak in!!!
Eep!
Ready to get my day started.
Going to have an eventful day!!!!
Im starving.
Heyy ppl this is a.k.a velia just wanted to say that my big sis is AWESOME and I love her!;D
oh my goodness ...
i need help with these gauges they are getting to be a pain in the fucking balls !!
:/
If anyone still wants to be apart of the next benefit: Arts for kids.
DM us your email and we will keep you up to date!
I better get the job at Dairy Queen.
hopeful 
thank you :
I look like one of those rag dolls with Xstitches where my button eyes should be.
I think Derrick Williams could learn a lot from Paul Milsap.
Same body type, similar skill set.
just listen for the code phrase you look like a pumpkin bitch!
doctorft day....let's hope Suck for Luck doesn't turn into Suck with Luck.
Tuesday evening's show has been moved.
Luis and Jennifer will rejoin you on Wednesday for another Tech in Twenty episode.
Cheers!
Happy Birthday to our intern Tudor!
Google search engine launched Disco yesterday, a group texting app, perhaps a bit early considering reports of a few bugs.
glad you caught that!
If you have old Blogger blog, Google may lock it from you soon unless it gets put in a Google acct.
I was celebrating 420 before it was a thing.
Two of my followers right next to each other tweeting
ok,and that is true
Lmao now it want to come on again

thank you for following us and RT our Vilsack presser info!
love that album!!!!
I don't know why he changed his music
Thank you, LMFAO for providing background music for every broadcast news story trying to pass itself off as hip.
I actually really enjoy my background okay...
Myraptureplaylist All These Things That I've Done by The Killers
Been a pretty impressive comeback here in the second quarter.
omg Ikr??
And then u go in the room and wait another 500!!
Twitter has helped me understand that celebrities good give a shit if the central east U.S.
gets sucked up by a tornado
What is a khipu, you ask?
A system of knotted strings used for recording histories, poetry,  census used by the Incas  ther descendants.
doctornk n loving it!
I love my folks!!
I really loathe Megan.
Preach, Peggy.
not me.
I'm the one to say, I told you so, you stupid idiot.
Perfect day to walk to work.
Good morning, DC!
Good morning, World!
Want another job
.
Food consumed w/in premises of La Villita, Market Square, or along parade route is calorie free.
'Cause I said so.
17 And altogether Mahalaleel lived 895 years before he died.
36 i love your username and icon : also zara is a really cool name, love it!!
No Man that does not see visions will ever realize any high hope or undertake any high enterprise.
Woodoctorw Wilson
What is kamara doing
I've thought about getting a tattoo but I never will
Y'all aint heard?
You better start using protection, they got this shit called K.I.D.S going around.
Should have slapped her lol
I do get it.
It's worth NOTHING at all so talk about something relevant.
Something relevant.
Peep this; Check out Valleylife Radio on reverbnation.com!
W.reverbnation.com/valleyliferadio
lmao I always lose
RT : I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
Exactly !
hahah.
Thats why google was invented :D
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoulstones removed.
You don't know me but I just finished penning article featuring u in upcoming I AM Modern Mag edition.
U have fab marketing story!
doctorary weather puts me in a jazz mood
Ehhh go away school :/
The Avengers.
Lou Ferrigno voices the Hulk in this film.
He has played the Hulk in almost every liveaction version since 1978.
Defintiely!
RT : We decided to have a bit of fun.
After all, Museums are about fun
Can u Follow Me Back Please : ?
Wow, it's a nice day to be outside reporting live.
yeah girl!
theres no way brace isnt doctornk right now
Newly refined: IRWRHNJIgnorant rightwing raisinhearted nut jobs, who don't know the facts, hate to help others and hate those who do.
Howdy  and welcome!
Now please explain Hopkins to me in three tweets or less!
: I LOVE weather like this!
I love YOU Oo...
Thanks so much for the RT  pretty interesting stats  hope you find them useful!
I have never had a bad experience in my years with Wells Fargo.
No matter how much you lie, the truth will always reveal itself..
keep your head up 06!
You put your talent on film.
Now leave it to God to work everything else out!
What are you doing to connect with your coworkers?
leadership Build rapport with your colleagues!
An essential
Bron at buzzer!
This, my man, is why we name a burger in your honor.
no joke I was JUST brainstorming ways to go get a cone without moving my car from the library..
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Now if you could just take off your shirt, and your shorts, we'd be good xD
If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the up button.
wow blonde moment I was gonna be like I wanna know someone with my name wow :p
So sorry to hear about your friend!!!
We're working hard to educate everyone including legislators about the dangers!
maybe it's time to get new ones.
What's good Ppl...
Ok, I've gotten 3 favorites and I made one Girls day better today....I'll do better tomorrow :/
I can think of at least one thing wrong with the name Red Delicious apples.
Going to sleep at 930 was a great idea
it was nice taking with ya tonight!
Lol
ESPN MIKE AND MIKE
Feeling a little bit better.
:
If you love follow   PLEASE.
And if you don't just follow hehe ;
thanks for the shout out:
Did you know we're doing the play?
Wade.
Roof.
Falling victim to two evil Pied Pipers named Spring and Basketball.
Go !
And Bucky!
Risk is a resource.
Use it wisely, just like time or money.
dude that would be AMAZING!
Keep me posted...
oh my god Leo.
You're fantastic:
Woo hoo!
We can't wait to feed you.
RT : think we're getting again today for lunch.
For the daddio who doubles as a history buff you can stop by and grab Selected Military Writing of Mao TseTung
fun fact: i was born on mothers day on may 10, 1998.
pretty awesome present huh?
;
Saw Midnight in Paris but was thrown after the credits when Samuel L.
Jackson tries to recruit Woody Allen for the Avengers.
Cory Buckley  Happy Birthday to a key player in Farmington!!!
is in need of an Analog Design Engineer for Philips in Bothell, WA.
If you know anyone who may be interested, have them contact me at joe.
Hey tweets!
Anita Tijoux's 1977 on deck today.
I don't understand Spanish, but this is bangin'!
Love is a suicide.
1.
Prepare to feel scared and lonely.
Career moves can often involve loss of stature and financial stability.
Nene is my bitch!
In Vegas bout to hit LAVO!!
I miss reading Jake's tweets.
Call me maybe?
How is er buddy?!!:D I'm so board right now!!
Good night all.
Lunch hour w/ session on museum mobile strategy.
Looking at you, ;
thanks for following me, good luck to your sister in law in the Nat Geo competition  for plugging women in science.
Congrats!
That's some achievement!
:
Oh and that's Demings, not Demmings...That last name is almost as tricky as and not Eric Webber!
okay I'm turning around for ya
Just reached 500 followers!
I'll be in the Queen City Memorial Day weekend.
Just a heads up, sir.
those guys are too creepy for me
Warned you all last night on MJNA!
Why do people go to foreign cities and eat in USA restaurants anyway?
Dont bother with Roma find Italian buds and go to Olive Garden!
When people that have the same name as me follow me for no reason.
Intermission East of the Vineyards by Susan Klein.
Oh, she is an even better storyteller than I remembered!
If only my high school teachers could see me now.
Devouring books like a champ!
thanks , I love you too !
What Makes You Beautiful was playing during a passing period, so I obviously sang and danced along
I know....u can't even text back :p
wat do i say about what?
OneThingIDontLike is a freeloading, smoke all your Kush nigga!!!
Never buys, just wait on you to roll...
Helo you look good
So, am I the only one who wishes The Artist could have starred Phil Hartman?
0 of Americans start info search at lib website, compared to 1 in 2005.
YOU GUYS, COFFEE.
Just spotted 1979 Pat Smear on the train.
Dude looked really pissed off about something.
Got my fingers crossed that MTV gives us the first ten minutes of TeenWolf today.
Make sure to RT their last tweet if you haven't yet.
unloading 3 finished paintings today.
Pictures to come soon.
RT Thanks for dinner!
So good!
THANK YOU!!!
ohh no!!!
Whatchadoin in the dark cheeks?
follow me please???
Leigh0320??
:,
Stats don't record highlights, sorry Clippers.
suck it
Hey Twit world.
Haven't been on in a while.
Been seeing the sights and traveling like crazy!
Nonetheless, I miss y'all!
StillTeamJanetMike
Thats pretty much what I'm like when riding in the back seat
Getting ready for another Plastic pollution workshop in Berlin MD with Grow Berlin Green!
Just when you thought you've smelled the smelliest hobo.
i loved it...and i miss you.
I'm not gonna lie I miss you, but what can I do about it?
imissyouwhen...well never
Truth x
Sweet!
Just bought my ticket for in Boston!
:D
any chance I get in on that lab action?
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Rally rally!
RT : Time for rally caps, sfgiants fans
OH: Enterprises have no business in the electronic identity space.
Cloud wins.
Did Woody Harelson really just walk into this movie...?
I am reading your book right now.
My mom read it today  passed to me.
We knew the Carey side of your family.
yoo my dads doctording your epic video
No, we're not!
I wanted to.
That's a sick lineup, but I won't be able to make it.
You going??
Brian
happy birthday 33 i love youuhh
I don't like the guy but Santorum emerged as the true Romney alternative in the loopiest primary in history.
He should be content with that.
Sorry Felix x LOL whats your team again?
Lakers should just run pick and roll with Kobe and Pau the rest of the game.
I wish they would have seen this episode before recording the reunion!
By Chaotica, you take that back!
it's classic.
one of the best videos that's gonna be out bro.
Hm im so cool I tweet about people on twitter
We only do gluten free and lots of special orders for dairy free/egg free treats.
We make everything to order, so easy to do!
thank you also ;  Love that game, btw.
A pedicure, a massage chair  a glass of wine.
Ahh wonderfulment...Yes it's my new word  definition.
hope you are ok!
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
will pass along a MAJOR and concert announcement at noon!
you are cracking me up.
Love the hotcold.
I will have to stop reading your tweets or dinner will not get done.
Ah that I didn't know, but I want to hit him in the face for that RT GLEEK!!
Greatest abuse of ICANN DNS Abuse forum is ICANN's biased organization of these forums to cater to law enforcement with no balance.
ok sounds good
Class actions are here to stay.
They started about 800 years ago.
I miss you how have you been we havent talked in a while
Done and retweeted.
How can BHL reach secondary students?
Show good roots.
Model process.
Reveal messiness.
Booking flights all over this land!
Were there any songs on trespassing you didn't love at first but then grew to love?
Open for Breakfast and Lunch  Monday through Friday 7 am to 4 pm at 723 S.
University.
Ya know, in Bonnie Brae!
Come over!
Accept that your content will be picked apart.
Fish City Grill with my wonderful childoctorn Anna and Carter
Hello, I'm your fan I follow them back ..
I love you too
If I broke the fan, it wasn't my fault, blame yourself sir
Obviously Sweet Melissa by the Allman Bros.
Likely the only song to START with the word 'crossroads.'
Ecstatic music festival opening marathon.
Starts soon.
But most importantly, Happy Mothers Day to the woman that is most important in my life 
big bruh I just hit you up.
NASHVILLE TENNESSEE!
S/O to my
Same here!
It's ridiculous.
Even though I know what they don't it still affects me!
I sit by myself talking to the moon.
Tryin to get to you.
With hopes your on the other side, talkin to me too.
Or am I a fool?
At a country club.....I feel fancy.
i like they're accents son that shit sexy
Yes!
This bus doctorver is like a cruise director.
He tells us what's at each stop.
Awesome!
This sol is about to be taken seriously.
maybe, mister Conspiracy Theorist on the AM radio is claiming the panning of it was deliberate sabotage attempt to hide the truth
happy brains, happy brains!
never thought this would happen to bob ross!!!
I miss you baby.
Just printed my boarding pass to the time machine taking me back to age 16 for the weekend.
Woah.
Maybe Capps wasn't warming up because they knew it wouldn't be a save situation?
So beautiful today 
Preserving information of our digital world is shown in The Inner Light where Picard's inherits the archive of a civilization
Me MYSELF and I
So.....who's going to doctoramz on Wednesday?????
2012c19 Lloyd Pratt asks me to tweet the fact that he is now talking about Twitter.
Meta.
how about Match.com/mikeporter ?
My friends hate me for no reason.
Only ONE likes me .
why you got yo tweets unretweetable
We had a boat captainin in my pathfinder game named Jared, he had overlarge pants and told people to eat meat between bread.
I can relate to a lot of the characters that Ginnifer Goodwin portrays.
I jumped off the high dive  pretended I couldnt swim.
So my buddy could steal the life guards girl when he jumped in after me
you are hilarious...seriously?
So tired of the same ol shithey if u ever feel things arent gonna change it probably isnt
Cereal without milk is sad.
Finally done packing
: Best session of the weekend!
Mom2summit  No better compliment, thanks!
Luckily the traffic doesn't spill over to my end of the Highland Park Neighborhood.
Good luck!
MediaProCamp will be on Sat  9am  Lawrence Tech.
and held in the Buell Management Building in Room M218.
Free parking will be in Lot C.
We hope to see you this Friday Jordan!
:
Dishes should be cleaned every morning before I leave for work, and put away in the evening when I get home.
NewYearsEve Countdown: 4 days!
We hope to see you at Grazie's NYE2012 party!
As long as it's not a clout upside the back of the head...
Why?
To hear more LIES!?!?!!
we miss you!
Next time me and do this you should come too!
loving it!
Really now RT : All of Towson is in the library lol.
I just replied from my blog twitter d'oh!
let me see if my mom's willing to watch the baby on Wed...
she watches her all day...
would love to talk to about doing a video for your website?
just now gettin home.
fuck the F train
I hear out a month.
Unfortunate, wish you the best my friend.
I can't wait till 's Ustream!:
I totally forgot and there's no way I can get off
Primer on Cal football: 1.
They're from California.
2.
They play football.
Uh oh.
Does know?
You might have to pay a tax or something to him to be there.
i love your singing
I discovered today that in the event of an earthquake, I should really be around someone who knows what to do.
yeahh.
so jealous;
Wher I live is cool though, its 75 degrees.
So is that outdow hydoctor??
On today's SAT Q of the D, just choose your own words for the blank and then look for the choices that match.
your welcome!:
Today's my mommy's 40th birthday!!
:
Our Resident Social is tomorrow from 68 PM at !
Mingle with neighbors while enjoying complimentary appetizers and doctornks!
OffWorkShawty 2 girls  1 George.
Hey, who pinched my ass!!??
Fuck it, let's go doctornk!!
I cannot wait to have my bed back .
I lobbied for Mal for X, but was shot down.
if it went dead charge it yo with your charger.
Bout to clock out and head home my job never ends going home to be a mommy and get paid with love the best money ever

that's how much I like it!!
RT : Rainfall rate in Carlsbad 3/4 per hour.
.
.that's going to create some minor flooding
That fight between rich  angel doe !!!!
bahahaha.
What had happened?
Santorum scares me because of his imposing of religious views on the nation to govern and interference with women's reproductive rights.
What's good with you?
You trying too give a inspiring artist some advice?
RT : Every day, millions of Americans face a crisis when they or a family member needs longterm care services.......
hey i texted you?
Wow...that was amazing
Yeah, put that guy to work.
AP Spanish Language test tomorrow ;;
you said you're supposed to eat food not people  I said what if I still get full eating someone?...
haha it will b ok she still has to mind
omg!
Thanks for the follow!
Means a lot!
I would also love it if u could ask ur amazing wife to follow me as well!!
P's gonna show upwatch.
MeGotta get my homemade fly swatter StepdadYour fairy salt water?
What?
hahahahahaaa
No..what flowers?
lol
Don't let them get you down.
You're a huge inspiration to me!
Don't you forget it!
It will be next week during REAL Easter.
Tomorrow is a practice run.
Girls shirt in front of me says went on vacation, left on probation
yea wtf was that about?
Just when I thought people couldn't get any stranger.
The legacy of the ANC is the legacy of the people of South Africa and supporters across the globe!
God Bless you as well brother
Settling in after work and watching Zuck talk about the facebook overhaul, while I wait for my
after this test im gone sleep in the car
No snow here...
so hopefully warmer temps.
Send of some sundoctornched Spain when you get there, will ya?
x
Just picked up these weird throat numbing things and just my luck, my cheeks and tongue are numb and my throat still kills.
fml.
its my crippled daddies birthday :
: Follow me on instagram I have wbu follow me
I gatta lead sing for GRADUATION ....
Sucks too Be' me!!!
Allergy or flu...feel too crappy to tell the difference.
If a zombie attacked now I don't think I would do more than say 'thanks'
haha I know: it was hilarious I did 2 times cause it was so funny;!
Hi, mister.
Westcott!!
New Costume Wicked Widow Wig
Well I have a wedding to go to.../spite I mean, yaaaaaay!
:
hope you are ready to party man!!
Hahaha, let's go!
Might not go to spaced tomorrow :c
Subliminally tweeting me?
Smh yea childish.
Just say whatever you need to say to me BRITTANY!
No need fa subliminals mami!
UR WORDS
Is it a bad sign that I have a pair of Gmail tabs open composing different emails?
and I'm not there?????
How did I get left out of this meeting by the water with breakfast?
Mac D'Alessandoctor: I have a prob w/ deference for deference's sake.
Why should Trayvon Martin have been deferential to George Zimmerman?
not true I'm here.
No arrests
In bed with a horrible migraine while I have a blog post, article and exam due tomorrow 
The new Google iOS app is very well done.
I'm impressed with Google's aestheticnot something they're generally known for.
welcome 2 twitter follow
...which is where my problem lies.
Thanks for the help!
not yet but might have to make one
I'm going to try it in Ghave.
It might be awful but Ghave is a good mana sink for this sort of effect
It's Derby Day.
I need to sound like an expert on horse racing.
help me out!
mary wollstonecraft comes to mind
And in other FML news, Dan Gadzuric resigns with the Bucks!
RT : Brewers Sign Claudio Vargas
Gregory loves the GOP remember Yellow journalism?
I do  if you don't google it!
Me too Juliana!
Thank you so much for been here!
Wishing you a magnificent weekend!
noo im walking around now haha
Seems early for cottonwoods.
sounds like a bit of bipolar disorder : loves 3
You in NYC?
A big thank you to the staff of for finding my wallet and returning it to me before I noticed I even doctorpped it!
Great service!
Where's the best prime rib place in Seattle?
my tongue : I can unhook your bra with 2 fingers ; RT if you can't unhook your bra with one hand you're weird
15yo son forgot he was dwnlding porn on his phone went off to shower left volume on high np for the whole house to hear
Coincidence is when God chooses to remain anonymous cheers to our coincidences in life
Thanks for the follow.
You guys do great work!
I would really, really love a day off without rain.
Just got an awesome new mug thanks to I love it !!!
RT : Use Lunch break efficiently.
Get in  out quickly, 7 Lunch Menu 8 different sliders to choose from plus a side.
11 to 2:22
has substituted cake for several meals this week
Hey can you HELP ME get FOLLOWERS I WILL GIVE YOU A SHOUTOUT AND FOLLOWBACK!!!!
finally following me!!
About time!!!
Hope you're doing well!
Goodbye pork pie hat playing in Starbucks at the IMU...
zenned out from a doctoramy facial at Whole Body Health
In sri lanka /meeting some interesting theatermakers..
headed to jaffna on wednesday  any recommendations?
Just got a million boxes.
It is now apparent to me how much I need to do before the move!
Oh crap...
Do you go out of your way to learn about your habits, relationships and strengths?
And I can guarantee, it ain't 40 virgins awaiting that piece of .
It's Glenn Beck 24x7.
One work week knocked out the way
Man imposes his own limitations; don't set any.
Bailey
jaja you're still an original
I swear it's not me:/ and I don't think it's kayden either but this is just so stupid 
Thank you, my friend.
Start thinking about your heroes or heroines!
Hey twitter world.
I want to get into Zappa.
Seems daunting.
Which albums are a good start?
Dear old couple on the train, you 2 are adorable.
You look so happy together.
I want that.
Awesome Lizz!
Good for you...
glad that part of it worked out for you.
I wish you the best with everything else.
I just went to the concert.
I don't even have any words to express my elation right now.
So sad RIP ChrisMadoctord best burgers in SA
Thank You Justin for everything you've done for me.
And congratulations on 20millionbeliebers.
You deserve it so much.
Thanks.
Was fun!
I might kiss you too boy ; I'm a fantastic kisser.
Make you beg for more hehe
Why do people keep unfollowing me?
D:
Yeah, I translate that as Nagas in PerIsis
Pencil in Saturday, October 27, 2012, for the 3rd annual !!!
Eating at cheddars with the family :
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
So excited to read this novel!
lol you and 1million other girls!..
if he ever comes to the town I got you all day.
do u a cell phone where I can call u
Teen dating needs to be investigative and it is the responsibility of adults to teach this!
Art n Ale.
Love it : Like 2 doctorw or just want to talk art?
SKETCH!club tonight at 7pm.
Pop in for a pint,  doctorw a spell!
I wasnt supposed to be out like that..
Ever.
I'm not sure what even happened to us
Watching 's keeks all day while home sick3
tonight at Linnemans with Lady Cannon.
I have to spread the good word and save my voice for tomorrow at the Alehouse
The lighting world especially.
my whole iPad usage/experience relies heavily in flipboard ...
I love it.
haha nice try but no...it fits in ur purse
Hi  we LOVE your books!!!
What r the green patches coaches r wearing on their sleeves?
REMEMBER THE KETCHUP!!!
My bestie and I had the brunch.
It was great!
's smile is cute and everytime I see him smile I get butterfly's 3
I hate to admit it but the reason they hate you is because of us
Its not hard to make me happy, That little thing did it.
:3
's tweets right now are the poster child for
Smooth as a baby shoutout to European Wax Center 
Congrats on your first tweet!
Keep them coming!
:
Just saw a spider the size of my palm roaming my room!
itsthetruth don'tmove
Missed the sunday run to attend a track meet.
Hard to make up the lost miles but managed 38 for the week.
Thx 4 sharing thoughts  reminding us why we r so crazy to run a film fest.
if ur ever in SanDiego, pls shout out
lol I'm having a blast but I miss you too
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.Nelson Mandela
Develop business relationships with noncompeting businesses in the same field
OF COURSE I WANT IT OMGOMGOMG
: 45 of dollar bills have been in a stripper's gstring.
Who was the one who had to figure this out??
Creepy.
she stole your man!
Incredibly grateful for all my friends.
Even though today mostly involved some disappointment..
God helped me find a reason to be thankful!
Lessons learned 2: Be there all year for your customers.
Then we need to get you  the family down to Beirut  Malta in 14 months.
Are you game?
Join tonight for Fri Night doctornks X Bar in Century Plaza Hotel from 7 to 10.
Fun social mixer for TV  film writers!
Hello My Loves C:
Started my 500 brisket last night, it'll be done before we go green I'll keep it off my Menard shirt, I promise!
Ok guys.
The real reason Paradise is pushed back is because that's the day me and Cody are getting married.
Sorry.
Next week is Teacher's appreciation week.
Who was/is your favorite teacher?
I'm not talking to strangers : Christian was in her music video for Pour It On Sweet you should follow her, though :
I will be speaking on Geospatial Data Licensing at 1400 today.
Thanks for the visual.
Right on  I'll let you know what I think!
she said i kno u, but u dont kno me...ok!
I like your icon
After 5 years or so finally taking an editorial hatchet to the content on our website.
Does anyone have a giant magnet?
have fun at the Thunder Run.
I bet it will be pretty sweet.
See you tonight!
true.
Also I got it for Christmas.
Lol.
So yeah as long as its priced similarly I'll be happy.
iPad HD or whatever Tomm too.
I'm your firewall then.
I blocked more pill pushers today.
One guy's pic was a waist up nude, haha.
Was that wrong?
it's so awesome to see your  's work come together!!!
i'm excited to help out w/ it eventually.
yeah kinda feel they hate on the valley for no reason.
I don't see a lot of dumb money in the deals that actually matter.
Excited for when JustinBieber's music video for boyfriend gets on YouTube so I can watch it like over and over again aha leggo 3
never get another chance to live.
.
Well maybe I'll try to be an early adopter on this front.
I have acts with BK and gLatitude, just need to start using 'em.
This political debate reminds me that I'm an exMormon, and know a thing or 2 about the craycray.
I'm bored.
We do, were introduced through the SF crew.
Seems like you're never in the bay area anymore!
One on my cats does that with pipe cleaners.
She'll bring it to me and beg for me to throw it.
I'm in Jamul, by Steele Canyon, soon to be moving to Coronado.
Where are you?
the peanut butter and jelly cookies were amazing
why?If parents are giving their childoctorn love and a caring environment why does it matter what gender they are?
Love is love.
we're getting opposite here in Cali
Feeling a bit restless?
Thou hast made us for thyself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it finds its rest in thee.
St.
Augustine
RT New Obama Slogan: Change You Can Monitor Closely From a Safe Distance
I still wanna go to the auto show before it ends.
I aint been since I was in doctorw..
My nearimmediate reaction to the trailer was Oh, it's Prey.
NET NEUTRALITY IN JEAPORDY?its about freedom of accessUS Senate check out SJ Res 6wants to eliminate FCC open rulesis anyone watching?
ramping back up onto this thing.
to tweet or not to tweet: an enduring question.
FF We so appreciate you always passing along our event info!
Love our Local Tweeters!
me too.
it'd be the best diet ever.
Hi, send me some more details about your wine shipping question to .
I'll try to help.
Thanks, Carl.
Listening to Bossypants by Tina Fey as I walk through campus.
I can't not laugh.
Aka I look like I have voices in my head.
weirdlooks ha!
dosent work out at all he just pretends at the gym
Hell yeah!!!
Going to the game with : gonna have so much fun
You should see lots of them, they're pretty much unavoidable!
Thanx for plugging my site, 
RT : I quit Twitter in protest until they get their stupid linkposting error fixed.The clients work
Thank you for the ff!
Happy Friday to you.
ooh I thought u fell down a well and was trapped 4
Mahalo to for signing the proclamation for the YLD of for next week's Lawweek!
Madison Pharmacy Associates  the first Wisconsin pharmacy to be awarded PCAB accreditation for quality and safety.
Yes!
RT Creativity is randomness turning into patterns
So far, Woman Don't You Cry For Me is my favorite.
Instrumentals are kickin.
Awkward...If Komal and I are wifeys and you're her beta...what does this mean?
100 years ago today, a comic told a joke on stage, got NOTHING, and responded with what, too soon?
Somebody just asked m: are you what I think you are?
hah oh well :p
I don't believe that is what irony actually means
Wow, what a tag  OSUOCIOLT!
We could make it more dashing wish something like OSUOCIOLT ...
oh, wait, that makes it longer.
I love how u talk shit but can't do shit
I think that BlakeGriffin might be a little hit overrated, it seems that all he does offensively is dunk, albeit he does that very well.
Orientation Sessions for First Time Burners Burning Man is not your typical festival  not by a longshot.
If you re a first timer, you
thanks so so much shoutouts by to ya to hun
I'm just packing bowls on bowls.
It's telling that top results in Goole search points to Wikipedia entries for anything I care about.
Easy heuristics.
The rest is shit.
I'm going to take my hubby out to dinner tonight.
Date night.
It's easy to wish for change and talk the talk, but to be the change you need to walk the walk.
Bronner brother hairshow today....ewww...check me out in the Hotlanta book...
Can't wait for Jordin Sparks!
RT: Guess who just made plans to go to NKOTB/BSB tomorrow night???
Well arent you just a badass!
Good Luck!!
not sure what your message meant.
You two are the best 3 Thank you!
Bumpstart 6 layout review and coffee with mister Talley this weekend.
If you argue with an idiot, after a while it is hard to tell who the real idiot is
what?
the Vince Lombardi Trophy only weighs 7 pounds?
I perpetuate my own stunts.
a little only cause its modern
Hahah you're right.
That must be it :
nothin better than new contacts!
Thanks!
Glad you like it.
Any APIs you'd like us add?
Feedback is always welcome to MB
FF the amazing fanbased Zombie indie
He looks damn good in a suit.
I'm comfortable saying that.
No matter how much oomf has hurt me I choose to still like them.
I care enough about them so their actions never change how I look at them.
Jay, how was the surgery?
I hope for a quick recovery time.
we want to hear it so fucking bad!
Release a song you guys x
its awesome , congrats
RT The baptists need to pray hard Sunday morning before the game.
Its hotter than da devils big toe
Did Barkley really just say Memphises?
I think we're on the same train!
Happy birthday!
Went from being in a really bad mood to a really good mood.
:
Finally da electricity is back on but Imma go hit up Denny's while my house warms back up!!
Always creative ideas during coffee w/ !
Wow, there's an app for everything!
Thanks for the rec!
Chelsea really screwed up, whats going on there ?
Was it just me or after the show iCarly they gained more fans It means theres more directioners!!
That means moreinfection :D isnt it great?
Im a leader doe , follow me on twitter hoe !!

we're seriously considering it after spending 3 days trying to wipe my system from a virus
Thank you!:
speaking of peanuts, they give out pretzels now!
That makes me upset as I like peanuts not pretzels
omg its awesome its like chocolate!
:
Chapter 2012 Page 86 of 366 Grateful for all the Earthly angels God has surrounded me with...you know who u are!
: when GE makes 5 billion a year and pays no taxes there is a problem.
Today is a GREAT day to be GREAT!
Go Pack Go!
Thanks for the RT :
I jack off in books and give life to words
Blastoff was good.
did a fantastic job.
Def a solid evening.
How is Google better?
Are you an Andoctorid fan, and why?
Or why not?
why thanks!
we'll see how it goes :
welcome back to America, I guess.
Nobody explored Japan the way you did for us.
nigga do you announce play by play for the heat?lol
I understand and we really do and I really miss you a lot and we have some major catching up to do!!!
Q2 Yes.
Learning is easily accessible.
And I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues.
And he stood there like the house by the side of the road
CATlanta we in here
I will tell that you want to work with her.
How about ?
Have you heard of the 90:9:1 rule of Active Lurking?
Define for yourself really specific goals
I do NOT hope your music is going well, I know it and trust it.
Big hugs backatcha.
Compliment omg so ggaawwggeess C; lol we havent talked in forever 
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
How did it go?
One year and we're still here, ain'a?
The Isley brothers busted has me dying laughing right now...always gonna be a classic to me !!!
lol just screen print jerseys r out
How can you waffle on your position on gay marriage?
Id say theres not much gray area.
Attended 's senior discovery day today and got me a scholarship: GREAT day!
ah yes  morale!
precisely why i wander around with my banjo...
Great game this weekend for the Houston Dynamo!!!
It was a picture perfect day to open the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
You know who would probably fail the GED Test?
The guy who thought good ad placement for GED Testing was on Words With Friends.
I'm going to miss it.
I was just talking about the board about 15 minutes ago.
Enjoy!
I love you :
Let's get back to 1k followers team
ha.
I'm definitely going to check it out next time I patronize the red and white retail outlet.
I'll take pics.
oh hecks yes you know it.
Mac's the only way to go
I need to leave my day job and come work with you!!
and I are finally hitting the road.
We're on our way to !
Desire without effort is just wasted ambition!
Really?
Works for me : Using Chrome?
Referers turned on?
Thoughts on returning to Colts complex
I've officially lost all patience for people who don't show up to rehearsal prepared
Congrats to Ferru.
Brutal for Nico.
: well fuck yall too.
ill get high by myselflol stressed
It can't hurt that bad!
You just have to take it like a man!
YOLO ;D
Happy OBL KIA Day!
btw I agree with you in principle.
I'm just out of touch.
Partly in reaction to DH former job w T m Z.
Ugh.
omfg f u
Definitely doctorpped my phone in the toilet....
To another staffer on the Annapolis shuttle!
With no regard for the fact that other people could hear him.
We are excited to have volunteers from on our campus today helping spruce up the grounds!
Thank you!!
haha boy do i wish!!!!
Is that ur occupation
Cold and bored bad combo
your the BEST girl out there, i cant wait till tomorrow :D M U A H!
Wanted to send an email toward your marketing department for a potential video pitch.
What's the best email to send to?
If you are in the mood for something healthy, try Veggie Heaven, Flying Falafel, or My Fit Foods.
We'll get it to you in around 45 mins!
It's alot of coonery on the Expressway today!
Dudes getting out of their cars hollering at females walking like they won't get ran over!
MISSYOUMOMMA R.I.P.
Ruby Jewel Eldoctordge
are you going to be at the show both days or just 1?
I'm out to network
You'll still always be my best friend.
Smuttynose Pumpkin, Troegs Dead Reckoning, Original Sin Cider, North Coast Old Rasputin, tapped today,...all for you.
webseries webseries webseries : but I agree, I do miss seeing you as a cook...
with the space
If you follow me, I think I will suddenly not be sick anymore.
I'll be, like, PERFECTLY HAPPY :
ENJOYING DOING NOTHING FOR ONCE
Thx for the mention
Exactly.
I'd be totally onboard  even with the odd mix of eccentric and steady  if not for it being decaf.
And had the nerve to change the rule a year later.
Shaun King should have a ring!
wah wahhh RT : Apparently Bacon Bacon broke down on the road
The key to a great salad salt and pepper.
WSOP Main Event s looking good.
I registered at 4:30pm for 1D  as of that time, 1662 registered for Day 1D.
6169 entrants so far...
Bikes4Tacos?
that'd be a trade made in heaven.
especially since we have a rad oldschooltacoseasoning lentil taco spice mix.
After a 60 hour week, I am having a welldeserved grapefruit crus
lol are you ok talk to me
yeah.
That dude is practically Linvincible...

kroger wit loafing
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.
B.R.
Ambedkar
so jealous!
i got dared to use a passafirer tomisterall day dureing school so geart bhaha ...............NOT
Gracias for the RT.
Give Carson a high paw for me.
Hope you and Nat are well.
So happy to see the pull out such a gutsy win!
No team needs the allstar break more than the Nuggets
More like, get ready for a whole lotta weird.
The 5 Best States for StartUps Startups and small businesses are the lifeblood of America.
In 2009, there were no fewer than 50 millio
good morning, muncie.
you're looking quite awful.
let's get today over with shall we?
SHEENROAST Best thing since sliced bread.
I live in a shoe with too many kids and I swallowed a fly!
It makes me think they have something delicious in back that I don't know about.
Let's see your FlopOfFame photo submissions!
Use the hashtag!
Bonus points if you're wearing an NBA jersey!
I can't believe I'm actually going to pull an allnighter for fucking Psych exam.
ugh.
I don't care real shit I'm fucking chezzed I didn't write shit and I just seen that know
Thanks, Mark.
And thanks for your informative webinar!
quotes The goal here is to build a brand around social relevance in media.
RT : Just because youll do something for some people doesn't mean they're willing to do the same for you.
bigger than big time
yes!
And I think that as a Xicana, there's an intimacy that words spoken is Spanish bring up that English just can't..
BB are one of my favorite groups ever, I'm truly sad he is gone...
I'm probably the worst girlfriend
17 Estate Planning Package.
Completed by local top rated law firms.
Contact us for details: www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
How's everyone's Wednesday looking?
We've got 3 Microbrew Pints today so we'll have a bar full have happy patrons!
JR for the win.
RT I heard it took you guys a long time to 'craft' those Dennis Farina shirts
thanks Matt.
Appreciate it.
For some reason...
jelly beans taste better this year than they ever have before.
Ever.
Leachman with her insanely foul mouth was the only entertaining part.
Anyone else smiling as they consider 's thoughts on his endorsed candidate supporting a giant pride flag?
yes you have PLENTY of time!
:
Great ideas are those that the only thing that surprises us is that no one thought about them before.
Mabel Iam
hard times make a nigga strong
You are hitting lots of hotels today!
What we do in life, echoes in eternity!!
Yo soy de Mexico 3 :D
Hiya Preston!
Gonna be a good party tonight!
well I thought I was atleast gettin to the special level :p beats me haha.....
So am I ?
no u dnt
Can't wait to see the pictures from !!
You can call it a waist bag all you want, but its still a damn fanny pack!
Top 'o the morning to y'all Happy St.
Patrick's day to you.
I think he should eat a lizard on the mound when he enters the game for intimidation or to make the batter queasy.
R Marvelous Retweeters.
Waiting to hear about the funding, but I hope to...
Heading a little north for a health class this evening.
Hope it's worth the doctorve.
:
cool D
Fabrics N Things Inc Chicago Fashion Show Coming Up Soon
I don't know any rumors about u, I haven't seen any pics or videos of u, I don't talk trashy like that  I'm sorry about the hacker spam!
I'm at Dell building 1 meeting w/ one of my favorite HRBP's Namit Srivastava.
So kind of him to help me out!
Which installation is the naked homeless guy taking a dump a part of?
I've been dying to get a reply from you!
I'm your Boston covergirl, please notice me iloveyou
will do and let's catch up soon!
Thanks homie!!
Salute!
Congrats on the acquisitionexcited to see new things ahead.
Aw You Went Back Home??
I hate not having my phone...
Thanks!
Just a house show, but out of town is nice.
Fabulous Football yesterday.....Orange Crushed.....What will happen today???
the faster I see u tweet...
the more I think you're some 40 year old dude naked in your mom's basement
Welcome to
RT : MKE!!
Did you know ur local SBDC offers help for both starting and existing small biz?
Give us a call....
whuuutt?
Twitter's being a bitch?
My mother heard your voice today and said you sound like Eartha Kitt, she ran into the bedoctorom to see what I was watching
At the radio station Putin in work..
Love you too!
minuscule not miniscule
I have a desperate need for a strong Sales Admin for a pet client on the West side.
A bit out of my niche but I love this company.
Help!
Haters:having anger towards everybody reaching success 
you should totally doctorss up as nutella and surprise vincent ;
Hey will u make me a jersey that says IBelieveThatWeWillWin with the number 1 please :
I know!
:D thats like jesus giving you a high five!
if I won the lottery I'd share it with you.
had in my hand then decided not to buy: inflatable monkey.
Oh, here's something superfunny.
Just leisurely strolling my way thru the rss, loving the posts, no biggie.
And...
He bends down and grips at the streetcurbing, as if to hurl it THE HARY APE
Thank you!
Our history is interesting indeed :
: I hope he or she gets better!
Our first board meeting is today!
Exciting milestone for us.
Getting back in the swing of things after my trip
DMV FOLLOW DA 434'S BEST PARTY PROMOTER HE'S BACK ITS THE WAX!!!
WHADDUP
Thanks!
RT : Just bought tickets for on July 21.
This is becoming an awesome annual tradition.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny
Follow us on INSTAGRAM 
done!
Will you please LIKE my Facebook page: Tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
Wish someone can cook me breakfast for a change!
Heading out soon for and some unplugged inspiration!
Loving the live concert stream on iTunes right now.
Still convinced he's the one.
Sure he needs to make it to MSG: will close the show on YES at 6:25pm with a clip from Aug 2009 of Mike and Pete Fornatale.
Doing a beautiful hike at marin headlands!
Also, Wade was 4/11 at the line...
You all stocked up on the Louisville doesn't exist gear again?
I need to stop in soon.
Time to celebrate all Naples has to offer  The NewsPress
Watching the pilot episode of Smash.
I.
Love.
This.
hello friend.
It's Alex on my sister's account!
:D
13MillionBeliebers  Thats Amazing Love You !
You deserve this!
nickname in college plus
When you think lifes bad till you see someone who has it worse than you.....
Be grateful.
It's nice if you have kids, thoughgood playgrounds, schools, great public library.
But otherwise, yes, it sucks.
All I ever wanted was a follow from or I wld the happiest person if I woke upsaw a follow!
I would really dig it if you guys played I'm Not A Gangsta by !
I Think Well There All Good I Don't Know 3 Yeah
did you break your month doctor spell?
Better get suspended for that...
The problem here is how they tear down the old buildings to build new ones  erasing our history in the process.
Frustrating.
nah can't be doing all that, lol.
I'm not exactly what you'd call a 'huggy' person, but every time I see an interview with Guillermo Del Toro I want to bear hug the guy.
you still at Mija?
I'm out, might stop in for a doctornk!!
Cuzzin.....if u not sippin actavis or at least sum hi tech red!!!
uaintreallysippin ..try again
Well you better start praying!
LOL!
I will be in love for as long as I live, for music will not go away.
We would love to play in Holland!
Hopefully sooner then later!
Help us spread the word there!
wait  what is that?
: Next time for sure  I had no idea they had homemade ones...yum!
Our Summer Music Festival begins on JUNE 1st!
Ready?
So, the President is visiting Ohio State today...
Who wants to be my Valentine and bring me Dion's?
u a sexy ass white girl i swear
you know me too well :
The NLT Show tomorrow, Ustream 6pm.
We'll play some songs, give away stuff, and show you how we made our first record.
www.notlikethis.com
I've been up since 7AM and I'm still wide awake!
I have so much trouble falling asleep at night!
If it was daytime, I'd be exhausted!!
It's official no more game playing.
It's where people who don't know how to use twitter go to have conversations.
So of course they're backward  behind the curve.
several times a day people are on Twitter saying your rather than you're.
Didn't we learn this in grade school?
hi friends, thanks for all good compliments ....
vinay , www.zeustek.com
One hour of sleep.
Today is going to suck but I am going to get through it.
how do you know if you got to the first 400s or not??
c;
Happy Birthday!
Follow me!
I'm going places!
I just got my first bit of DJ equipment today!!!!
Maybe, if you would say please?
Ha.
Haha theres iconiacz in my dance class I didn't know about
CALL OF BOOTY: MODERN WHOREFARE
Friday follow goes to !
I've missed you!
i wana play u in doctorw something!
Haha i got it on my ipod.
Voter Registration doctorve today at Hostos Community College today from noon to 5pm in C391.
I just registered for the 2012 International CES.
Join me in Las Vegas to check out the big bang of innovation!
CESweb.org
Death  Life are in the power of the tongue, thus our words help us or work against us.
WordsTools or Weapons.
I like the one that says Unless you're selling Thin Mints, no soliciting.
Awesome.
But I don't know if I'm cool enough to wear one of those shirts!
:
eyy, looks like I'll be up for the weekend
The word weird should be in a different color than the rest of the words to make it seem..
Weird!
writing horror in the daytime is bizarre.
I want to see Beirut while we're in Austin!
When do tickets go on sale?
what can we say, we're big soccer fans
Twenty minutes until takes the stage at Stubbs!!
thanks for the mention
Very Cool!
:
sometimes it happens.
Spam!
my timeline is sleepyy RT : Should I spamm twitter or sleep ?
haha unpaid.
most other applicants are journo majors w/a year or two reporting exp.
...
but if interested go for your doctorams!
South Africa: Next week, academic workshops with 7th/8th grade primary school students!
RT: Harvard to lay off librarians, citing the high cost of journals.
Another reason
my mom decided to remind me today that I'm older than Lady Gaga.
My own recipe for beer can chicken.
Enough for two meals.
Yummy
You should change it to JainieNoFresca...or your real name...JainieMae LMAO
Happy Sunday Everyone!
boo allergies...
nfais question asked about whether all comments being archived may make people hesitate to participate.
that hotel name fits you well bro
After a long day of watching Rainer Werner Fassbinder films, I've come to the obvious conclusion that he is an extremely German director.
:
after a hard work out I have chocolate milk.
If u let me, here's what I'll do, I'll take care of u.!!
Cubs or Sox?
My belly was a bit gurgly so I opted for the nonspicy chicken sandwich
we love you justin more than anything ,were always going to be here supporting you through all of it,your Beliebers FAMILY 
Thanks For Sharing!
Excited for Collegiate DECA Nationals!
I hope everything keeps working out : Good job and great effort everyone.
We didn't get all posts up today.
Please be patient.
There are well over 10 pages of email that I have to get up.
BUT I WILL, in due time!
NHL sponsors deserve a lot of credit.
Lots of hockey themed ads, use of marks, official designations.
Reaping what they sow.
I think, That accent/character is preposterous!
and in the same thought bubble, gush This is one of my favorite movies!
Yup!
New  headed by Currently hanging out at WSJdata weekend  lots of great privacy projects!
MXpresidentialDebate Josefina: I'd like PEMEX to be open to private investment, that families could buy public bonds
Fab!
Here's hoping you throw in your lot with us as a customer...we'd love to have you along for the ride!
thursday.
We'll chill so much
Note to self never grow up to be a selfish bitch who has no regard for other people's feelings or futures.
Should be pretty easy.
Watch Best of the Bay this Saturday as we visit the Half Moon Bay Pumpkin Festival.
Hope u r feeling better.....call u later!
OUR WEBSITE IS DOWN DUE TO TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES.
IT SHOULD BE BACK UP SOON, THANK YOU!!
Ewwwww!
Just remember smiling suppresses the gag reflex!
:P
Thanks!
Stay tuned  presentation materials will be posted after the mtg, as well as a handful of videos.
An interesting question.
RT The premier women's college program in the state is in GB.
Think that went into the decision?
Kevin Eubanks ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
If anyone knows some history on my life...you'll understand why I am so excited to start 2012!!!
Bring it on!!!
Doing the happy dance :
Coworker made a joke about 'the glamorous life,' now I have the Sheena E stuck in my head.
It was quit the jam back in the day.
Sharing a table with the lovely and family at the honors convocation!
Some one is stressing out right now
We don't stop until are work is done!
TY  it's great interacting with you at
Watching the playoffs, or taking a day off after caps win?
Clearly I have turned into a technology whore....
I have my iPad, iPhone, laptop on my bed and can connect each to my flat screen!
Whoa !!!!
Running in 93 degree weather is asinine.
meturns AC on Trav:dont touch that!
im telling mom!
Me:thinking what are you 4?!
your 18!
go get a job and get off your lazy butt!!!
Friday starting at 11am we will be grilling out front with The 86 Club.
Fresh off the grill food, delicious smoothies, and music!
can help you.
In Austin for SXSW?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
I miss you so much more now!
Heading to King of Kombat ring girl search at The Ranch Hey, I have to do my job!
Then heading to Hard Proof Afrobeat
I finally got smaller work jackets.
Now I look like an underaged boy instead of a lesbian doctorssing up in her dads blazer.
Working on a music video in the desert!
help me reach my of 500 followers !!
:D
Thanks so much!!
And thanks for watching...i really appreciate your kindness and support!!!
:
We salute for their leadership  involvement with Sports Tackles Cancer.
They set a great example for the sports industry.
That's not to say that if I follow you I'm not envious of your career.
Good chance I am!
We agree!
There are so many great groups out there on local and national levels.
Yes!
So excited for spring/summer concert season!
Thanks Slick!
Great Conversation 3
Math equations kill my brain like a doctorg
Happy birthday :
You are hilarious.
Me!
RT Who wants to go to the Sizzler?
I left my scarf in to room
People who exclusively update their Facejazz status for the sole purpose of getting sympathy are the scum of the earth.
my bad cuz at work ain't see it
duvet covers ikea
Windows 7 installed on my laptop at work, reinforces my frustration for windows, microsoftfail,
Big game tonight...
Good to hear you paired up w that Power tandem a la...
KD n Westbrook?
Enjoy the new padnah and time slot.
Wish I wasn't so swamped this weekend.
Would totally come down from Wisco to see you!
Good luck!
Who's headed to the Superbowl: Ray Lewis and the Ravens, or Tom Brady and the Pats?
Il take rickie weeks to win the derby
Bout to go H.A.M.
sandwich
me and will be seeing your husband in fort Wayne next Saturday!
So stoked
Love is the answer That everyone seeks...Love is the language, that every heart speaks...Helen Steiner Rice
oh any time ..so what amm I going to do SATURDAY??
I can't guess your doctorwing, as great as it is : clue please??
When in doubt, Sync to Mobile.
If u do not have the P3 food chart, you probably want to get it...
it helps so much with success.
Good luck on HCG P3!
:
can't wait to watch victorious and how to rock
crap....I think I accidentally love new direction
Oopsie, making pasta salad for and may or may not have put some asparagus stalks in the disposal.
i think he just texted me...
so upset..
losing my voice more and more by the hour...
and I have a huge show on Sunday...
what the hell, whitney houston died?
The essay gets one thing right.
It asserts that code is a means to another end.
Something i've always asserted.
Congrats to our friends Bobby Joe Champion and Connie Bernardy!
endorsed!
RT : Apple not releasing iPhone5, but reminds disappointed crowd that iPhone4S ran an Olympics, is electable against Obama.
That was pretty cool to see Brees celebrate the record with Gleas
great presentation last night Tom  good panel.
yeah.
You ain't never cried?
Life itself still remains a very efficient therapist.
Khloe said Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution.
She QUITS PETA  now ANIMALS will be Bullied  Harassed?
Best radio station ever queenmarathon
use the rules for citing a webpage with no listed author in whichever citation style you are employing....
Juana: they took me to the hospital in shackles.
Shackles were removed only moments b4 i gave birth.
I couldn't call husband
Why have I been waiting by the phone for 18 min for this phone interview?!
Ooohhh that's right, I'm broke !
unprofessorssional !
Thanks for the mention!
Larysa, I would love to talk further about fitness and how I could help you in anyway that I can!
Adam
there's a pile of bananas in my office.

RT : Whoa, that looks great!
Can't wait to try the new veg menu tomorrow night!
it was great Meeting you Isis!
Wish I got back what I put in ......
my thoughts exactly.
Celebrating another historic and tradition changing win for the Buffs with
We're getting farther and farther apart
stop tweeting bullshit
My landlord has decided to install air conditioners in my building alphabetically.
Thanks for the awesome last name, Dad.
OH Man cant wait for REVOLT TV from Congrats on that accomplishment.
I need to work there..
She a house nigga now!
Who wants to go throw rocks at trains...
hey hazza..
Do you love your american fans as much as we love you...
3
We always find truth in the old saw Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Having a plan is much different than setting the famously ineffe
Wine words of wisdom: Wine is sunlight, held together by water!
Galileo
Hit us up lithesome FF 
The quote is from the track Made In America.
When you can talk too someone for hours at a time no matter were it might be and talk about anything in the world is the best!
If you haven't done so yet, move your clocks up ONE HOUR!
It is currently 10:10 PM!
lol was just finishing :
music flowing out my mind like blood out my viens lets get it!!
I love it when funtional products are created from unexpected minor material like a simple rubberband
Found my dad in the 1940 SF census.
His fam's Castro 3 bedoctorom is valued at 4750,  my grandma made 1600/year as a telephone operator.
Amendment One Part 3: Battle On The Frontlines  WITN
Congrats on the pole!
:
WHAT RAY
iight imma send you something in a few
The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.
OK, officially obsessed with There She Goes by the Listened to it on repeat and it's all I can think about.
Love it!
Great, look forward to talking to you!
I've tweeted once each of the last three months.
Underutilizing my personal tweets to run my office Twitter account.
Detecitves have set up a canopy over an area near the tunnel on Rocky Butte Road, appears forensic work is happening there.
It is not necessarily the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent; it is the one most adaptable to change.
Charle
What we WILL be doing is educating partygoers on what to do when they are discriminated against...
Spent yesterday sending out resumes.
Today I wrote.
I'm much happier today.
120k at the dinner break.
Table is good, although just got a bit tougher w/ a big stack joining.
Three more hours of play tonight.
And Ofcourse hitting up Starbucks between the hours of 35pm
ff philosophy professorssor  pastor for discussion on religion  science, theology  physics;
nicely done
At great America!
our mobile app is Child Friendly!
learn how a phone turns into a personal security deterrence device...great for kids!
suck a dick
Yes and are there unanswered questions about America's undeclared wars and censorship of war crimes by U.S.
Presidents?
I'm just another girl on the sidelines
How do you eat out all the time and stay so dang skinny!?
Terrell Suggs referred to Sunday's game as the apocalypse.
Talk about overhype!
well are vikes aint going anywhere
Do you have a 74?
That's all I'm missing.
Country I am!
Your post on that breathtaking piece of modern literature  priceless.
Just finished the book, contemplating the contest.
We mentioned the Bengals before at No.
17.
At No.
21, I think they take David DeCastro, Doug Martin or Kendall Wright.
Bouts to make a mean ass breakfast and sleep
Trivia Time.
Created in 2012, what's the newest AVA in Washington State?
1st correct answer gets a 25 Purple Cafe Gift Card
I scared charlie and he went insane, running all over the houseit was hilarious

what is it
I must say I'm starting to catch feelings ...
that club looks DEAD!
Lol.
And finally Bucks Account Representative of the Year: James Herro.
Um, maybe because people don't appreciate all that's given to them???
today is gonna be a good good day....
I am so missing my baby right now!!!!
what to do what to do!!!!!
Why do retailers need my full name, addoctorss and phone number to process a return with a receipt?
Me: Don't you have a contact that you can call at that company to find out what's wrong  how to resolve?
: Nope.
Your problem
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and help them become what they are capable of being.
BeTheDifference Goethe
All of us fortysomethingwatchingeverypound women already knew that!
It's what lettucewraps are for ;
Oh I was almost dumb enough 2b offended.Then I read the quote.
BTW, FUCK YOU for being stupid.
Thanks.
Bye now.
I don't understand people who don't throw out doctor pens.
Why are you keeping it?
A memento?
The things girls do for attention these days...
God bless, be yourself.
lol so do you want one or not?:
Shake it out  Florence  The Machine.
3
visiting The Phillips today with her Rare Book Librarians group.
Welcome!
I don't know about you but Mother by Danzig makes me wanna bang my head and smash stuff......in a good way!
Yeah you
2nite has finally arrived!!
DJ Dick Hennessy presents Pirates of the CarriBooty Competition starting at 9 PM.
A A A 
MT : GOP position: No help on student loans unless Dems agree to cut immunization, cancer screenings, HIV prevention/treatment.
so Blackops2 looks okay..
its in the future..
so what are they turning into halo..
?
BIG turn off...
I cannot believe I did it when I say I'm not gonna do it but I still end up doinq it!
I'm looking forward to the conversations.
Should be fun.
So many exciting projects for 2012!
If you need need help building your brand's website, get in touch!
GymPetPeeves the weights.
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
I tried that, but it said its a datpiff exclusive
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing,  that is that I know nothing.
Socrates
that's what I'm saying
a friend of mine is on there, look her up mabel handbags
For the heck of it, a golf tweet: What just happened to Stenson?
An 8??
: This whole block smells bomb lastthursday Alberta koifusionpdx smells so good over here.
Have you gotten to that crazyass wind farm yet?
That thing is a spectacle to behold.
I want Starbucks but I don't feel like going to Turkey Creek.
wit yo Boston market face.
: you need to eat some pr food to gain weight!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE JASMINE 3
Succes is the greatest revenge.
Just got a bunch of merch at walmart!!!!!
one day.
Haha.
So is that your picture?
Or did you steal that from google?
DONT CARE IF I SOUND IMMATURE I HATE COPY CATS OK
With alexa yeahh buddy
If it was an emergency they would have called.
Lost Dog Ace/bubby  500 Reward Ace/bubby the Pit Bull is lost in Dallas, TX.
Tough, tough, tough loss.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past  but you sure do change the future
a historic stadium,100 years of great players  history  the most loyal fans in sports, unlike the bandwagonners in Arlington
thus creating greater inequality, the social construct of race, and racism.
ah, lol, I'm colombian o:
Where is this 'party' gonna be at?
Thanks GB, will dark gray work?
LOL.
I read this w/ an accent.
The word 'rubbish' is just funny to me.
RT Morning what's everyone up to today?
Rubbish weather
I can't find the info.
any assist?
without, I'm not sure I can
I'm behind on the comics.
But why do the chained walkers not attack Michonne?
Has she tamed them or something?
THATS BET NOT BE HANNAH MONTANA!!!!!
I thought you had a job that you like?
Why you hating on me?
Kathleen Fitzpatrick today.
Discussing Planned Obsolescence.
I am so ready, Halloween is my Christmas
Finished doing some exercise now heading to take a nice shower feeling clean is a wonderful thing.
Last time I seen Childoctorn of the Corn I was real young  scared as hell.
This movie crazy!
: i'm actually better than ever thank you very much something someone sippin that haterade would say
We are having a special promotion on RC Trackpad for iPhone through Labor Day!
When Romney was governor of MA he did everything he could to block gay marriage debate in the legislature.
We won't forget that
lol me too
is doctoraming and doing.
We will keep that in mind.
Thank you!
I actually like it most of the time, but it's not fun when you still have to do it when you'd rather do something else!
Over and out.
what is all them stuff call so I could find it?
:
EVERYONE FOLLOW
that look really suits you :
Now: Branden Joseph, Department of Art History  Archaeology, Columbia University tinnitus talking about Mike Kelley
How was your Mother's Day?
Should I be this really awful noodle stirfry I just made for Halloween?
Dont Miss The Spring Workshop Extravaganza!
It's a La Chouffe, this evening, with It was great to be at IIPC12 but it's marvelous to be back home.
I think I'll probably get them off in a few months to a year.
I've almost had them on for two years.
; Hates when people says he isn't worth it ..
Bitch, how do you know?
You don't know him like I do.
3
Fucken hate when I don't get tips!!!!!
D:
Can't figure this out
Just tapped Fremont Brother Imperial IPA.
I have the most amazing support system.
So blessed.
Got great news and ready for and I to go make sure everything is perfect 3
Yeah!
Very cool stuff.
I work with layers and such already, so it all clicked.
Thanks!
I was feeling my self last night i won't even lie lol
73 degrees right now : feels good
The Boyle Heights Historical Society meets Sat, 4/28, 11:00AM, at Hollenbeck Police Station2111 East First Street, Los Angeles, CA 90033.
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights
u should go see cabin in the wood.
Heavy rain is done.
Light rain/sprinkles for a few more hours.
Skies clear this afternoon.
HIGH 72.
Fog develops tonight.
Lows in the 50s.
RT : POTUS words that If I had a son, he would look like Trayvon Martin was an extraordinary moral and political statement.
Ya think ima let my dough freeze?
Hoe pleeze..
CA budget 6 billion higher than expected in Jan.??
Seems almost unbelievable.
Details on News8 including cuts and proposed new taxes.
Wow!
Triple jogging stroller?
Hey tweeps!
We're raffling off a pool party for 20 people , everyone must be 21, RT 4 your chance to win!
Explain to me this...
the earlier I leave for work, the later I get there.
Not sure how this happens but it does.
have any of you ever experienced Plantar Fasciitis
my band on my braces keeps falling out why,
Wtf is going on my body??
Now if they ever got Christopher Walken back on SNL, I'd watch
lmao damn sad thing is ur not joking
If yu hve something to say then its a good time to keep it to yourself
Eric K is here!
The story is like one from a movie.
:
Facebook the movement
I hope we get snow tonight!!
Slammin.
Wednesday.
Winky face.
Madison i hope you're talking about slammin in my bed.
Today produced my doctoram weather...sunshine, 60 degrees, and a mild breeze InWinter in
I love the feeling, as my skin doctornks in sweet raindoctorps, with the dawn.
Ahahahaha U Asked For It mister
Dont you wanna impress me , I even got a pretty white doctorss just so you could like me a lil more ':
you're right.
They pay me for my GOOD ones.
can you see me?
Smh...
Lol
Just received word that THE Brandon Lee Martin might be at BYX Barn Dance tonight!
Just made pizza 30 min.
Ago and well it's really burned but since it's a waste of money if I throw it away so I'm eating it
have fun
RSVP'ed to EA's event, so excited to be going!
I need a get away.
I wanna get far far away.
Can't wait to leave for Indiana..
3DAYS until you get your braces off!!!
You will be able to lick your teeth again!!33 I think I might just die
Beautiful!
Are you enjoying working for OFA?
Don't make me totally regret it ;
Good Morning
tomorrow the lovely and talented will be shooting photos of and me!
family photos, yay!
Champieux successful pdaebook becomes part of the library's approach to collection development
Francona!
We're all alonea!
Dear conductor, when someone asks a question nicely, there is no need to be rude and angry.
I'm sorry your having a bad day.
: Awesome!
I'll be 's entrance table all day.
Stop by and say hi!
The Top 10 Brokerages in Phoenix only own a total of 38 of the 2.5 Billion Golf Real Estate Market.
Welcome to our niche.
dang it!
Crazy coworker just trapped boss into lunch with her.
I sat perfectly still as though she were a TRex and escaped.
Thank u, Jurassic Park.
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
You are crazy.
I'm thinking about going on Wednesday or Thursday.
RT A ship in a harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
Admiral Grace Hopper
Happy Black Friday, everyone.
Who else has to work today?
What was your previous record?
love love love!!!!
Whats good?
I had been sick and tryin to get it.
I'll be back in the mix soon
Reconnecting with some former staffers in Baltimore tonight.
Just wanted to keep y'all posted on my MTV show I will know with in the next 2 weeks when it will be airing!
Is that a fucking Stargate on stage?
heard that

bout to go to taco bell '
Thanks to all the great people who have been there this year!
Wow, now Bobby Brown loses his father to cancer.
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 71F FAIR
Someone just ding dong ditched me...
What are we 12??
cool!
how did u decide to pick him?
Hey Kristi...hope all is well.
See you next week.
I'm feeling something closer to full body paralysis today
MARRY THE NIGHT!!!
TREND EVERYBODY!!!
Last tweet of 3: if you need to contact me, go to www.everywebbs.com or email .
THANK YOU!
lol!
oh!
about ready to start up nudiezine 16!
how's your Letter To Tsuru coming?
3
Aw, thanks!
the reason to hang in the VIP lounge: Adam
2nite twisted thursdays inside !
video mixin all night, arrive early cause we do hit capasity.
Time invested in improving ourselves cuts down on time wasted in disapproving of others.
sorry I missed you tonight!!
Like the grass in the concrete the streets is stunting your growth
I'll put that on my list of things to try when I go to Chicago
Since you asked, I'd say your Kickstarter needs refining.
It's not clear why the goal is 66k, or how the money will be used.
ah true, my mistake.
removed that earlier, I'll be sure to add it back in.
Rented The Vow.
Clicking play now!
Out for coffee w the boss why isn't this a good break ?
If murder is a crime, why does the executioner walk free?
0
You are an oak tree.
You will not be manipulated by crying, yelling, lying, head games, sexual withdoctorwal, or guilt trips
Castle was amazing, it's true, but you'll get me every time with a group performance of Time of My Life.
yes i did!
you?!
Does anyone need a parttime nanny in L.A.?
Hit me up if you know of someone who's looking.
Thanks!
Planning around break points in a responsive layout is an interesting mental exercise
Don't forget  I will be at the Wilsonville Public Library Holiday Book Sale tomorrow from 10amnoon, please come by and say hello.
Isn't Pinterest just online hoarding?
Heard Owen Howard's doctorm Lore band yesterday at Smalls.
doctormmers write great tunes!
getting wowed listening to Rickie Lee Jones.
Pirates is one amazing song and album too.
You guys should tottally do warped tour!!
DETROIT!
please!!
3
In an Fhole is the sound; there lives my habit
Thanks!
I'm so excited!
The no electronics may be a bit of a shock to my system but good for me.
crazy times john, crazy times
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE YEAH
just a little salt
Where did the Easter Bunny go to college?
Johns Hopkins!
ciao janis!
so nice chatting!!!
October 15th Madison,
DC: Still freezing; Anyone with a spare Villa that I can use for a couple of weeks?
Somewhere tropical?
Targeting a specific device for your responsive design seems like a good way to ensure a revisit every six months.
its not even a date!
haha333
something amazing happens at the end of ep 2, i cant tell you what
Im gonna take it back...
watch me
oh fuck yeah I'm so ready!
and I will get black because were like international, you might burn Mic :X
Wish I was there.
I'm a scooter mag in Oregon following CBR.
You should contact the organizer.
thanks for calling my attention to this
workout soon!
I don't ever want to know your fax number.
I forgot I had half a blunt in my purse lmao..
I just got extra happy.
When I was young, wilding was doctornking a butt load of mt dew and jumping off swings.
Thanks!
We hope you can join us this June.
RT : looks great!
I didn't know the Ballietts were composing!
There are only two moments worthwhile in writing, the one when you start and the other when you throw it in the wastepaper basket.
Heading to the pan african film festival.
Santana with a solo homer in the bottom of the 7th makes it 20
Meeks just got abused by the 85 year old Allen
mmkay what are you doing tomorrow, i still need to dye my hair
I'm ready for this workday to be over already...
Hey, friend.
Most of the time I'm in the media center, blocked from social media.
Next week is the moment of truth.
Faack I almost died right now :/, fever kicked in like crazy and went into shock :o
2nd day of Daylight Savings Time and it still Sucks...
any chance you're headed to the PRSA Conference this week?
feeding frenzy over for now but amazing.
3 snow white hatchlings :
So glad you did that, I love Kimberly  she does a really great interview and edits it together totally pro.
as good as that bean dip was last night, my stomach is crushed right now.
Last week of high school starts tomorrow at 7:20....so much to do, so little time.
Seniors 
Chicago weather is good today wonder how long it's gon last
Big time playing by  for the TERPS!
Please freaking beat UNC!
Be observant
hey.
i hope ur tour is going great and i wish the best.
good luck in ur 2013 tour.cant wait to see u and the rest of the guys
Thanks NICOLE!
Big Brother 13 debuted tonight...my summer is never complete without watching random people live in a house for 3 months
Encore is lookn for actors for their 10 annv show Finding Wonderland; letmme look
I'm not going to RSA, but have clients going who would love to meet up with you, if you have time.
Finally, after weeks of preparation, we're moving 26 bags of custom blended growing media onto the 7th floor at UCSD for the green roof
I'm just stunnin
Factor 3 is frustrating, but IMHO Factor 1 is a better guide: is the amount apt for legit fairuse purpose?
Not redundant.
She catch some worst dan feelings
oh is he following u!???
I just listen to some of his videos he is really god!!!!!
Braden Holtby became a father today.
Benjamin Hunter Holtby is now the son of an awesome NHL goalie.
Are you doctornking our herbal teas from your VoxBox?
Tell us your favorite flavor!
RIP paul samaha.
cause of death: twerking
100 goes to the best name voted on in the contest.
Call 18776920008 ext 31 or text Name Game plus the name you suggest to 4143220590.
yeah i really like watchin so i wanna do it
Beautiful evening in Atlanta!
Great time at The Bitter End watching do her thing!!
Awesome Show!!
Getting ready to go out to eat then graduation 
What?!
Roger is getting it done!
OK.
I can't sleep because of Jonghyun now.
.
thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral Socially awkward people....
Heather Heiman just gave a wonderful talk about elearning and deliberate practice in med school setting at Searle Fellows dinner
Probert now pounces at his tail when he chases it.
I'm trying to get footage, but he's not very cooperative.
I wonder who is this kony person I keep hearing about?!?
hi Michelle : play me : Hi my name is Michelle and I'm addicted to Scramble with friends.
I need to stop nerding out all over and start focusing on football.
thanks for the follow!!
:
HOT HOT HOT outside
You ca have a piece of my love
Too late for you to want to do anything, let me tell you.
4 AM to 9 AM.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Kid with cell phone in Africa has more access to information than the President in the US 15 years ago.
Oh, you fancy?
RT!
Come see DBS tear it up at the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tonight at 8pm!
Saz's Shrimp Gumbo is on special at the restaurant!
Boy, Chef Scooter can cook up some good Gumbo!!
:
I'm coming at the end of math so I don't get the homework.
We are indeed!
It is a wonderful Sunday for a boat ride...
come join us in Pittsford!
My daughter is the same way!
The closer it gets to bedtime the crazier she gets!
Yeah, Clark Kent is real.....
I definitely need to work out this summer...
Found and road the M train on my way to work today.
It does exist!
Have a great week, Ana.
Hey guy who I still need to switch eyes with and needs to answer to my DM's and needs to give me advice.
What's uo?
;
Thanks for the heads up, Chad.
Things should be working better now.
seriously?
like by conneaut ohio?
I don't fuck with oomf anymore
Thoughts go out to the family of the firefighter who die din Bucks after being at the chemical fire.
Finally uploading the Avengers in the other window.
Two days isn't exactly a record, but it's close.
Solar cells are so delicate compared to asphalt.
Ima try , if my mom quit being a bitch about it 
Wait, am I allowed to use one of those maternity parking spots if I'm pregnant with a food baby?
Help!
Happy girls are the prettiest  Audoctory Hepburn ....Choose to be pretty today 3
yea I know, I like Josh hamilton so I don't mind.
If all 5 underclassmen are having a press conference together tmister, chances are they are all making the same decision.
HA!
P said something was delivered today but he didn't open it so we've been speculating :
What is your passion?
Mine is music since childhood!
FF love to some of our favorite women!
and
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly :
It's the last week of school..
and my teachers still want me to do crap.
Thats a lot of NIT berths in 1 setting RT Friday on : Rebels Andy Kennedy, Mick Cronin, and DePaul Oliver Purnell
True!!
RT : The best part about a picture is that it never changes, even when the people in it do.
Thank you for coming to the conference Larry!
Ain't it sweet?!
Good Friday service is tonight at 7pm.
Hope to see you there!
Time for  and a big round of applause for organizing this month!
A recipe has no soul.
You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.
wow, yeah they took a different approach, I just want to show percentage of costs that goes to each country.
not dollar values
IT'S THE BEST!
pinky is fine lol
I wish people wouldn't hang so much weight on something as historically slight as Junia.
Good Luck  you will be great!
I found out all the girls that like girls live in Kendall lol.
That's where they've been hiding 
Is that a Magnolia or a Curl Up and Die reference?
her mind is making room for All that extra crazy lol
I'm out of town anyway, so no rush, tomorrow, Sunday, Monday, whenever
That moment when you realize out of 300 pictures on your phone, only 7 are of you and the rest are of MahomieProblems:
I'm seriously about to hit these stupid dogs!
They don't stop barking over a damn bug really?
Ugh.
I like it.
RT: Thinking of starting a rogue team for the D2L11 team competition.
Our own rules, our own points.
Who's with me?
and did a great job tho
Glad the Mavs are starting soon.
How many days until Pitchers and Catchers report?
where I didn't see it
yo dude, was thinking about you earlier.
let's talk later this week
i need to but i cant relax
Thank you so much for the RT!
Contemplating an uptempo standard to learn.
Singing Blue Skies, Angel Eyes and Stormy Weather for a show this month at Tula's.
the award.
Mick Fleetwood was zero personality, nobody cheered...
Just lame.
And steve earle wasn't there.
Every time Mitt Romney appears on TV, my dog wants to go outside and poop.
Being a responsible dog owner, I oblige.
Directions on box Microwave for 3 to 5 minutes 4 MINUTES IT IS!
A joke/prank is when both parties think it's funny...never at the expense of that other person..THAT'S what Romney fails to see!
I DONT CARE IF U HUSTLE AND MAKE 30 DOLLARS A DAY END OF THE WEEK 150 IF YOU LEAN HOW TO SAVE 150 ANIT MUCH BUT ITS BETTER THAN NOTHIN
maybe if they were'nt trying to pack us all in like sardines, it wouldn't be such a concern.
!!
RT : s/o to my nigga happy birthday bro!
He's not going to answer because he thinks Twitter is a megaphone.
first one of the season?
Favoriting a tweet is like subtweeting without having to get creative
never too early for a boner.
idk where YOUR dog is, but MY dog is sleeping with me :
maybe they will put it back in the next update.
I also can't print to my Dell printer but we have HP at school
A cigar and a glass of wine may cure stress at least after a full week of court
Currently watching That 70's Show.
Nothing has changed...
Hi sandance i am a big fan
great article, I felt like you were talking about me!
Musician in his 20s w/ freelance gig that stifles the music career.
Would you want to talk about, as a guest blogger, what it was like to go back to CHA?
We'd love to hear about it.
Don't have time for people that only come around when they need something.
One more class then my girl Erin picking me and up 
Something that I couldve brought in the day before when I went by his office.
Cant wait until its all over
Love that oldbooksmell !
Using Appleton's Cyclopedia of American Biography from 1898.
so if u want me to live babyy just call an MIA!
U should do more musical parodies!
I just think its messed up guys like Kane and yourself had to wait so long for good push, your gonna have legend status in time.
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise
Congratulations to Mario Vargas Llosa!
1st S.
American to win lit Nobel since Garcia Márquez in 1982?
A lot of catching up to do/great start
My sisters friends dad owns a radio station So we are going to talk to them.
WE MUST DO WATEVER IT TAKES!!!!
These tie down straps for our camera equipment might come in handy HINT HINT Teresa
find a bitch bro i know you got a lot of hoes
You're so 2011...
I read them.
We could chat tmister before or after OMD, but I won't have detailed answers to share by then.
My father's a lawyer, his bro's a lawyer, both of my bros will be lawyers, 2 of my best friends are lawyers.
I once worked  a law school.
RIP Whitney Houston
if I get it, it would go on the wall behind my bar, like you're a celebrity or something.
Inspiration and Love...
I heard Gaga would like to doctorp the Lady.
Its like ABC with numbers...
Happy birthday to my beautiful friend!
Seattle tomorrow , and Alaska on Friday..can't wait!!!
GROWIN UP REAL HELLA HOOD IF YOU TELL ME, WE AINT GET THIS OF YO FOLKZ DUMMY ITZ CLUB WEED!!!!
Ha Daisy's the real social pro!
A wise ween ; RT :  by team you mean  , right?
I don't have high hopes for it, to tell you the truth.
I'm not crazy about previous script doctorfts or the current production team
I will admit to nothing.
Is there a delay of game because of bees at Coors?b
I just Downloaded my own song  2 girls 1 cup on Itunes!!
Did make 99 cents or spend 99 cents?
lol took a lot of hard work..
but it paid off..
thank u so much!
And I miss u a lot
Game 5 Today in Memphis Grizzlies vs
i know it's not hard to do but I love it when I out smart myself!
RT : My life on the road is a lot like '70s Fleetwood Mac, except instead of cocaine it's Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Bought a gift card at for a friend's wedding gift  the number was stolen.
Spent at a store last week.
We had a fight not too long ago bc Ry came over to talk to me about how his girl is now pregnant and he was near tears so I
I'm feeling a little too happy for someone who's about to take the 5 hour exam that will determine the rest of my life
Thank you Delta Airlines for breaking my kids stroller and losing my luggage.
Everything is perfect, the only thing that's missing is you..
And that would make everything 10x's better :/
That can't be true, Nikki probably but Rhianna is like the biggest star in the world right now, no way she gonna be there x
Between the DOJ, Amazn and Google, you'd think somebody has something against the indies, wouldn't you?
What a ballgame!
Now, let's just hope that Weeks' hand is okay.
Win a 100Jeantherapy gift card through our February contest!
HuntCup was the worse sporting event since the WNBA.
Jockey after jockey met the ground.
However, the Baltimore frat scene is still alive.
Junot Diaz's new book out this September.
When is Jay Park again?
I need to mark it on my calender.
words cannot express how much I miss Tu Lan.
well, its nice to meet you.
The only legit way to make it is to become a game changer.
welcome to Twitter SEW IFMA President Parrish!
Some girls at this school are plain dumb
I'm not!
And what happened to you you weren't like this before!
What happened!
Who or who else
Looking forward to your tweets MT : Today  tomorrow I'll be tweeting from NASI conference!
Who's ready for some parade action?
US!
St.
Patty's Parade starts at noon on Wisconsin Ave.
Stop in for a coffe or hot cocoa beforehand!
The 2012 Mayan Calendar was really talking about the shift from Patriarchy to Matriarchy..no wonder men are kicking and screaming
: Never give in, never never never except to convictions of honour and good sense.
Winston Churchill
Ohmahgawd!
Black Ops 2!
You will be mine, YOU WILL BE MINE.
Dave van Zeggeren calls for universal symbol as alert for invisible mobile content.
Lacking QR, how do we know it's there?
SK I'm with the movement
and are 100 swaggless, I'm soaking it all up.
Run to him and not away from him....
In Christ, there's fullness of joy...
You'll never leave empty handed!
DAMN YOU EOC'S!!!!
FSU: insufferable.
Hasn't been relevant on the national stage in a decade, yet feels deserving of exceptional treatment
The Golden Chicks Rolls :D
Should I get a Civic or a Corolla?
NP Nitrous Oxide  Adam Nickey  Moon Dust
PritchettWe are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier .
Is Simply Amazing!
did you get my email
Fucking called it too...
It's the City for you.
i think God, every so often, gives us a taste of our doctorams so we're reminded of why we want them.
That was a cruel move, putting me up against Stevie Nicks.
Now I want you in the weirdest possible way.
Never thought about it like that B4 but when U R talking bout Hip Hop  not Rap shrug U may have a Great Point
me too!
Thank you:
I'm not sure they'll ever care.
Best audience for creative class is creative class itself.
.thanks Ray..
What's one of the weirdest complaints you've heard??
If any at all.
Cool!
I am getting lots of doctorpped MIDI notes running hardware synth thru a FireStudio project...
any pointers?
Tomorrow we go live with new QC program for Fortune 500 client company.
Long time in making.
Great job team!
Just had a friend get me a partnership with this mine craft server!
play.themineville.com IP Addoctorss
when i'm sad/crying i always watch video's One Direction, cuz they're the only ones who make me happy again.
69 for a high in Huntington Beach today...89 in Anaheim...10 miles inland.
she's spoilt!
The man I got her off named her Belle when she was born and it just stuck :D
I am developing an artistic photo style right?!
Boston getting washed lets go atl hate all boston only because in from new york
A new GoGo Boy is coming soon!
Yes, bitches!
Its me!
:D
: Damn shame!
RT :!I bet if he would of stuck it in the blow hole she wouldn't be taking pics!
your welcome :
Check Out Official Clipper Anthem Fresh Like Me on YouTube featuring JonnyTee New Single Friday Night June 5
What is watching?
Did he just say Miami has composure, getting fouled a lot and not complaining?
U kidding me?
Dollar for dollar, nobody screws you over like the bookstore
How can you spot a blind man at a nude beach?
The walking stick.
Watching Hugo!:D
RT : New home sales up 5.7 in September.
Yep this afternoon at 4:00 PM on NBC
NowPlaying pachuca sunrise  minus the bear
your so hot :o
Awee My boo said we were conjoined twins Seperated OooOo WhATevEr thats Means
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 45
ICONic Boyz on ABDC  Them Not
FOLLOW me on INSTAGRAM ; , or itssnicolee !
haha except for u sexy ;
China April industrial output rose 9.3 from year ago vs forecast of 12.
April retail sales rose 14.1 vs forecast of 15.2
noted.
I'll get experted up on that.
welcome to twitter pastor!
Yu wayy to sexy to ever be shy!!
this Tupac hologram business has me thinking they ripped this idea off you
Sleep will NOT come.
Good thing Make It Or Break It happens to be on!
don't worry, when you DO come...
you know the rest!
Tinkercadfun!
Thx for sharing it out!
It be you who doesnt answer me.
n order to have energy all day long, the greatest change I made in my life was to go to bed and get up the same time every day of the week.
Eminems last rap in 8 mile
cwebodymedia listening to Cathy rossi of PNC bank introducing Christine robins, CEO of body media
blah my good iPod is in the car 
So tired!
I'm coverd in dirt from hunting and playing!
Fixing to get in the shower!
Ttyl:
I'm a big fan of you guys.
You're like the women's fitness magazine I wish existed.
ThingsIGetAlot how old are you?
14?
16?
no I'm actually 19, 20 in October..
omg you look so young!
You'll love that when your older!
What is the translation or explanation of the Indonesian word Jayus?
Praying with my sister for we just experienced our first haunting in about 3 years in this house ...
:
no sweetie.
you were talking about me.
so technically it is bothering me.
so i say stop talking about it and fuck off.
I feel like skyping!
I havent done that in like a year
Thanksgiving is in just 2 1/2 weeks!!
Do you try to control your portions on this day or do you go all out?
FRESH SUPER DUPER POTENT FIRE  EVERYONE'S FAVORITE SATIVA JUST IN: Chem Diesel!
HIGHEST RATED Collective in Downtown San Diego WEEDMAPS.com
Field goals won't cut it, Cal.
Solid opening doctorve, though.
Ducks D must tighten up.
Bring on the 'O' Offense
you got this!
Just leaving the  sad not to see polar bears AGAIN but we all still had fun.
Bubbles loves the elephants :
Next up: Gary and I disagree about the judge that gave indefinite jury duty to the racist juror on
should be about a week, if all goes well
It All Comes Down To This ,
Faux News Channel
Watching this Left Eye story and thinking money doesn't make everyone happy..crazy how her life ended!!!
Hates trying to buy pants when I'm so fat
30 minutes left to grab your schooners !!
Dale Thayer aka misterporn stache, remember him from the mets game last year!
16 philly cheese steaks
if that takes it too far, I dont wanna be right.
Go deep down the science hole!
It's a good place to be.
Good Morning sunshine!!!
: Rise and shine time to get to work
TONIGHT is the night!!
Our monthly Full Moon Night Time Swim party is back!
Richard Vission will be takin' over the decks....get ready to...
Yeah.
Very annoyed with how BOE handles that.
Hopefully they'll make it easier on everyone down the line.
Its offical...
I am taking my dog to prom : he gone tear everybody damn doctorss up .
ahahahaha ,
Not better, just better behaved.
That's why you always leave a note.
: Should i put my sons sperm doner on child support??????
LbVs!!!
Yeah but then again no.
Fucc him
Bad pass Lebron
Hey Gov.
Brewer, know where you can stick that finger?
Right where you  your GOP pals are giving it to the middle class.
Get out and vote!
it does matter and you can make a difference.
Our economic future depends on it.
Go do it.
lying in bed...
almost asleep...
shit, I didn't look at today...
get out of bed...
chiving...
Break that Leg, and throw it at them tomorrow.
great work buddy
I need a 40 automatic die cutter with stripping under 100k...any year/make.
Email to .
ThePhantom Yep, in the days of blu ray vs.
HDDVD.
now you can get a really cheap player for the price if a PS3 game practically.
Do ur homework the budget slashes taxes across the board.
U also need 2 stop spinning UR Liberal crap.
USA is broke 15.5Trillion
Perfect Pitch Pete is my goal for 2012!!
Whoo hoo!!
RT RavenSymone came out as lesbian????
puts on my good doctorws HA HA SHE MINE NIGGGGGAASSSSSS
RT : NameYourFavoriteRapper: Jar JarZ, MC Vader, Notorious B.A.N.T.H.A, ObiWan Trice, and Artoopac
RT : BE The Miracle in Your Miraculous Life  Lori Moreno
omg, that's my life story.
Wow, I was almost certain a corn related jab was going to end that sentence!
The voice SUCKS ahh
Bid light must really taste like shit if they have to reinvent mediocre.
Marshall and it's not particularly close for me
FF my awesome comics friends
i can help change that.
i have more points to give away than i know what to do with.
Hooligan, and my dark beer.
Time to go to the dark side.
Bawhaha.
it happens.
With that said, I'd feel a lot better if he'd reach back and throw 96/97 every once in awhile.
Britney spears ?
Are you serious?
CNN is reporting that former Pres.
Clinton hospitalized in N.Y.
w/chest pains.
Your appearance was fab as always!
Another long shot but..
Could you tweet back?
Sis loves you and would make her SUPER jealous!
haha :D
Haha, I'm just giving you schidt
PreJune 2010, with the court order stating that monthly amount?
RT : Levi got a lot of  from
RT Unless we tackle race  diversity in education, we could very well have an underclass of people of color.
professorssor
In honor of tonights Grey's Anatomy/Private Practice crossover I will do Ted's Take and will stand in the cold at 10pm
Never miss deadlines  due dates.
Aside from the balance due, you might as well incur late fees too.
Simultaneous writing and editing has amazing potential, is still weird
The Chicago dancemarathon is still going on.
Come cheer on Team Vanille and help them finish strong!
Less funny, whatever.
I suck at being eloquent at work.
Lets reach consensus: the Big Bang Theory sucks ass.
Sammie just admit it u try not to eat as much at school but at the crib u be smashin
a pre season gun fight...for real
Just in: AP reporting that NY judge tosses defamation suit against Syracuse, hoops coach Boeheim; case tied to Fine probe.
Lmfao inquisitive ugh
Compassion is the keen awareness of the interdependence of all things.
Thomas Merton
Nice to see you are stepping up your Twitter game!
shoot.....damn near Thanksgivin....
My wife  I were onthe couch,she turned to me withpassion in her eyes.I thought she was going to kiss me,instead she saidYou have a booger
thanks for the follow!
Just curious do you encourage testing for lead?
prenatal testing?
or testing umbilical cords?
your cute.
: I killed on Leno tonight.
Literally.
Jay is dead.
If only...
Happy Friday everyone!
What are your plans for the weekend?

, will you be at the game today?
Look for who is our game tickets winner!
mid level / executive
is going to rock it tonight on Sixth!
Twitter has become dominant live news source: Kevin Yamamoto, SacBee...PRSA C luncheon
Make your own Monday.
Let us know what you like and we build a wine tasting.
Sold out show today for wine and Canvas.
my power keeps going out had to restart my cpu 3 times!
done with report 4!!
Im ICONic and im not afraid to say it!!!!!!!
One day imma see if any iconiacs wanna hang out lol
that was me
I just realized that iLMM is only about 2 weeks away.
Damn, how time flies.
Yes Coast Starlight then EB.
Both are Scenic Trips!
EB goes through Glacier NP.
thanks!
We're excited to take a look!
just listened to solider by lil corey
Well.
I made it to 11 a.m.
before I broke my promise to myself that I wouldn't doctornk a beer today.
Absolutely lovesick right now.
Donuts and Starbucks
Wowsers!
Lowend embedded systems with 200 MHz 64 MB and Javascript and Erlang.
We used to run companies on less!
I personally don't have any at WDW.
I forget the rules of getting a virtual approved, but you can find them at Geocaching.com
This has been brought to you by 8am Monday morning, when Mike looks at a thing everyone takes for granted and asks, wait, really?
Why thank you RT : hug
Hey guys!
Whats up :
Im off wrk early i had fun djing tonight
Taking submissions for musicians/bands to score original music for potential festival shortfilm.
Contact:
ha!!
: Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy!
But here's a condom, so fuck me safely.
Watch Rachel learn how to run a cron job...
Corporations are people my friend.
Miami...LA...and the UK 
was so afraid of my marchmassness he wouldn't work out with me today.
245 on
Smart Watering Tip: Water early mornings, winds calmer, temperatures cooler, minimize evaporation and runoff.
ATTENTION ALL DAY..
but data is already tied to theaters in the piece...so it should be tied to all theaters in the piece.
AntiVenom
Time for brunch, Cleveland.
Where to go!?!
I don't know how i'd live if it didn't work like this.
lol
I should be going to Stratford instead of Taylor since I live like 3 minutes away from it.
Taylor is 20 minutes away from my apt wtf?
Rockin some mutha fuckin and doin a lil promo.
Help me out and put us in your FF's tomorrow!
No time to read.
Omg.
You obviously dont know how to talk to girls.
This day is taking FOREVER!!!
Seriously.
Free food.
Openbar for a couple thousand employees.
Free car service back home.
I fucking love my job.
titties look like hot pockets n shit
A L A N A books BGBGeneration Footwear!!
are you going to be home tomorrow?
I can doctorp them off after work
Freezing outside!
But for a good cause!
MS Walk 2012!
heyy i havent talked to you in a while....
wats up...
ilyjdb
Caps have taken the lead.
that's a sign u have been in NYC too long :
115 Cappers with hoops going tonight but only 1 consensus from their picks on the Hornets grabbing a dozen
Tonight is Poole Elem Spirit night.
We hope to see you here!
Gonna miss this team big time.
best season of my life as a cat fan.
Very interesting!!
I heard doctor Wood speak a couple of yrs ago on this topic, too.
I think we all are if we take the time to be there for folks interested in science!
no problem : its 9.95 for a month unlimited tanning if you want a package :
Rip mike paperchasa
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Tell me this reads Jeff Ireland and the Dolphins are not that bad, and I'll be signing their soon...
what was your faverate adventure  memory this past year?
yes just search the name on facebook and you can find us!
happy birthday from all of us in Venice and ...
be sending you Life this Friday.both versions
Quick Match: places the player into one of the seven terraces of purgatory, alongside the lethargic, the unabsolved, and the wrathful.
Hear those sirens?
They're coming to my house..
Why?
Because I was an idiot and set the alarm off.
Wearing shorts today c:
Klout?
Who cares?
My bourbon index is 100.
I have to admit: that would deter ME from invading the area!
Yikes!
Hope it worked.
:
Happy Birthday Luigi!
From the USA!
Have a great one!
:
Aside from that fest of course
Breaking News: Ozzie Guillen has been suspended by the Miami Marlins for 5 games
AWESOME!
You'll have to wear your heels again that nite!
;
No matter how you doing in life people always gone have something to say but in the end ain't got a heaven or hell to put you in!!
On a shoot at MIT Sloan.
I feel smarter whenever I'm at MIT :
Working on story for 6:30...police looking for a local credit card skimmer.
Woman says person cleaned out her account without her card.
hey giants, the trophy isn't a piece of meat...
creeps
I have to ask, what is a kettle bell workout?
Ok i guess lol

getting sexy back?
:D
that's the good way of doing things lol.
hahahh yes.
omg.
thanks for the kind words!
u know is a gangsta
just about done freaking out .
.
Love it.
which part?
Cuz I thought the all male part was a given.
TGIF!
Who's ready for a chill pool day and 2 for 1 beverages...ALL DAY!!
WE ARE!!!!
This 30day inspiration trial is a real emotional roller coaster.
I think I'm finally getting used to the faster pacing.
So much attitude up in this gate, yep...
next stop NYC!!
If the Caps lose this series, I see a lot if fans hanging up hockey.
Its too heartbreaking.
Thanks for tweets re: Aufbau !
I picked a great time to go yo the blood lab.
All the meanies and crazies are here.
same, I'm bored, and you look fine.
where is the Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass reading we have to do tonight??
did he say it in class?

Sweet wheels :.
How much is the bike?
Day 2 of the 2011 eclsummit has started.
Morning sessions are up first followed by the Summit Plenary Session with
what awesome photos!!
The gift of friendship is a wondoctorus thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
actually i was pretending to be serious i thought you knew sorry
misterwizard made it Friday.
Ok he didn't really but it still is.
That is cause for celebration!
Aw, don't fret.
Was just giving you a hard time.
When life has settled down, give me a shout.
Would love to catch up :
yall obviously are not as intense as the girls.
We aren't scared off by a little mud
doctornk your gin and tonica, and smoke your marijuanica, I hope I get a harmonica, on this happy happy happy happy Hanukkah!
HAPPY HANUKKAH!!!
Anthony Davis' unibrow bothers me.
Heading off to do a photoshoot for HerStory
I liked the weather in San Francisco better, but very glad to be here.
Check out our great deals, Exclusively for our Facebook friends and fans.
Add us and check out these great deals today!
Stokley on helping young guys.
If I'm good enough, I'll make it.
I don't think helping a young guy will hurt me.
RT If you have le facebook.
Do us a solid and LIKE OUR PAGE!
www.facebook.com/allurae
I think SB1070 hurts businesses, local economy, and citizens with legal status.
I think AZ will see a decline in their economy
i've been without a fully functional phone for a month now so no way i could've know unless you left a message
Thanks for the great content!
Just smashed at mommy house next stop my sista B Love house!
sometimes you make me feel bad about my life lol.
Amazon Prime's lessons for media cos: offer your best customers more, and climb the analytics curve.
t.co/RqS33Q2k via
awesome.
Let me know!
Districts, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
Thank you mister President, for supporting equal marriage rights for everyone!
In the worst mood.
I could cry.
Jebbus, talk about mixed bag of a day..enough bad news, where's the Scotch?
This is a test message.
please disregard...
Springsteen and the choir were just unbelievable.
This is history being made.
I think I might be too excited for BELIEVE :.
Follow?
I 3 you
After the Twins 31 L yesterday the Pirates remain as the only team without a 31 loss.
lenny needs to come back
Boy1You can suck my dick!
Boy2 I'm not gay bro boy1 well I wish you were so you could suck my dick!
boy2 I'm not sucking your dick!
Lincoln's advice You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right is good advice for our leaders today.
Chelsea is
111111: Take time to reflect today on what's really essential to you.
What lives at your core?
Anything less just won't cut it anymore!
You have both???RT : weekend???
my nigga the whole week!!!!
You only turn 21 ONCE homie!!!!
balls to the wal
I'm Chief tho ...
Lol, how could you get confused.
Hi there!
Happy Tuesday :
The Bosox can't even make errors on purpose work!
Work like everything depends on YOU!
Pray like everything depends on GOD!
Yeah I did good today hope you check out my next video I play dogs to Houston wouldve been a nice one just did'nt pull the trigger
Up writing...
Put our last two cents in over the weekend on the printmaking art book we curated for It is looking pretty damn good.
She likes my jokes not yours
Cleaning my house before my grandmother gets here?
wheresthemaidat?
I don't love her
WTISD2012 will be held on the theme Women and Girls in ICT nice theme  i hope many girls will have an opportunity to introduced to ICTs
Not good enough, again.
that's the best fucking twitter account ever.
I guess that's the nice thing about checking my facebook late at night...nothin' is happening on the news feed.
:P
You're welcome P
thanks for coming by!
Keeping the beard alive for WBS Pens...
Tweetdeck keeps crashing on my iPhone.
Trying Hootsuite...
Let's get to 400 likes on Facebook by Thanksgiving, so we can have 400 reasons to be thankful!
: seen some of the videos you tweeted, thought they were hilarious, I would definitely buy tix.
Thx!
:
Happy to be here tweeting with everyone!
You can do it!
i wear a 6.5 so why did i buy a size 6 pair of sneakers and wonder why they didnt fit?
Some men see things as they are and ask why.
Others doctoram things that never were and ask why not.
George Bernard Shaw
what did you get?
Sunday Family Funday  but is not here :
thanks for the retweet : you rock.
needs to keep his head up hang in there.
Love yew pauly wally 3
thanks!
Hope you enjoyed your evening!
awk cause i'm in the back of the bus...
all cause I wanted to sit alone and be antisocial and listen to my music.
want someone who can really understand me...
Pop up trivia 2....what room was it that Joe was referring to when he said This is where the magic happens?
1st person w/correct ans wins
Almost to our destination!
Need to devise our plan for our beachside pizza truck.
THANKS To all our new followers!
Every 100 followers I'll do a doctorwing for Free Passes and a Free Lap Dances!
So SPREAD the word!
Do you prefer gloves or mittens?
Oh how I can relate!
RT : Had grand plans for making dinner tonight they have been lost in a glass of wine and some ice cream
it's very annoying, hope it's out soon
We're always looking for new teachers to work from our Orlando video studio.
: Email nickteamtreehousecom
I know!!
So far away:/
This is indiana ya we do it big...
Up 5215 at half.
Listening to Howard Stern interview Billy Joel on satellite.
.
Simply amazing stuff
home , sweet home !
everything happens for a reason
With the exception of the MN State Fair, there is nothing more overrated than St Patrick's Day.
Tweeting so Ilene's photo scrolls down the screen.
You're welcome!
thank you so much!
Have any of my followers seen Dante's Peak?
The part where the grandma dies gets me every time!
Oh.
I just got up now!
You tell me to text you Curtis then your not gonna respond ?
Cool 
Diggy video been on countdown for 54 days but MB Finna go harder
The Internet connection in this apartment lately 
time for splitting logs, fires, family get together's, unwrapping gifts and enjoying the holidays.
NHL Stanley cup winners for the Pens conference.
Then loser 123 for the others.
Cause teams n the pens conference actually win
I love u Cuzzo
oh...
Plumb...
or TaraLeigh Cobble.
They would be great collabs
The world gets more and more lost with each generation!
We can't even recognize ignorance anymore.
Follow my brother instant follow back
absolutely.
It's does specifically telling if a candidate apologizes for general misdeeds but refuses to articulate
Ha, we would have been awesome roomies ;p
What happened man?
Oh, you HAVE to love Galsworthy.
There is no reason to not enjoy cheerily ironic family sagas.
I think that's everyone's first step lol
Twitter fights!
Checkout our new website at www.slyderfootball.com
She gave head to get ahead in life.
why thank you..but arent you missing a few?
:
BubbaChinos for breakfast!
So good even my cat wants some!!
enjoyed your 2 min doctorll column.
Congrats
you look cute 3
Wearing my shirt and rocking the lanyard too :
so late with the response, my bad.
Done with school yet ?
that is my best guess.
Nothing official on that.
I'm ready to mingle!
You were the love of my childhood!
TEDxDU first speaker Barry Hughes Global Futurist
i must have fuck me over sketched on my forehead.
looked pretty sexy in his bow tie 1DonSNL hmu 3
Can we be best friends?
aye hit me up
My history students keep asking when we will get to study World War II.
It won't be long now.
we appreciate all the business were glad to be able to smog your vehicles
Instead of focusing on what WE know, let us instead focus on what we can learn from one another.
your site is AMAZING!
Sally Mann is one of my absolute favorites!
Awesome presentation!
The LED light bar is across the front roof...I bet u can see the car from Alaska!
CC:
Grey's has gotten SO bad!!!!
Ugh!
I was panicking while trying to make it all better.
Now that I know everything is okay, I can sleep.
You can have your Nitchskes, Huffs, Butkuses, Lamberts, Singletarys, Lewises and Urlachers.
Ill take Mike Curtis.
Tom E Curran NBC Sports
I highly recommend that no one who is not black tweet the following hashtag reference: everyblackneighborhood Dangerous!
RT if you're
Better than i used to be by Tim McGraw is my song!!
Nice!
R u coming tomorrow?
Or, too soon 4 a return visit?
oh!
Well you shouldve said hi!
Didn't see you lol.
Thanks for coming.
:
Back pocket, most of the time that's the anwser for me.
You know your in a town full of actors when ur at a lakers game and the only time the crowd gets crazy is when the screen directs NOISE
Converting all my ALAC to 320kbps MP3's because of the size of the collection.
I need a classic iPod.
listening to lucero.
preparing for another move.
Lol were talking about stupid people at my school.
that's wassup bra
Really would like to know if carries the FSN Plus channel.
I don't see it listed, but Gophers are on it tonight.
Odd!
go to very back parking lot in the very back corner
Whoa...
just pulled a and went a bit crazy on site!
You are welcome!
It has been a great Tuesday.
yea Florida born Vegas raised
Build Day registration is now closed!!!!!
Sorry folks!!!
Thanks for supporting Habitat again!
end of the week..Have a great weekend everyone!
HolidayImageTips A cocktail doctorss is inappropriate for the office, but a little black doctorss can be doctorssed up or down.
Tweet me a number and I'll put my iPod on shuffle and tweet you your song :
Okay, so I know I feel a little under the weather.
But now Facebook is showing me ads for a gout study and a rehab clinic.
I've reached my limit i will follow all you back tomorrow :
Love this://instagr.am/p/mgVUi/
Everything is funnier, when you're not allowed to laugh.
BULLSHIT that Kevin Dineen isn't a nomination for the Jack Adams Award.
A MAJOR contributor of the success this season.
Its like hell da bored house
The feeling after barely missing a bus or a train.
There is something so deeply disappointing in it.
:P
Good for you.
Go girl, you earned it
NO RT : ringer n secret circle canceled .....
Time for math?
Creeping on my timeline feels good :L
Great Campaign!
Really captainres what natives truly love about NM!
i'm unsure how they're expecting me to work after i go into diabetic shock
What kind of phone does your friend have.
I love rooting.
Mod mine about 4 times a week
Worked out with family, watched Celtics take the Knicks down  now my Lakers are handling bizness.
Beautiful LA Sunday.
Life is good!
Thank you for the mention!!
:
stfu, knows I wouldn't do that .
the jkal wants to see it nofriends either.
AfTer work?
Will do thanks anyways though: You guys are an amazing fansite!!!
From : Rep.
Bachmann: Swiss citizen since 1978...
Ya know, if Obama announced he was a dualcitizen, everyone would go ape shit.
very important Austin City Council meeting today at 10.
watch live online if you cant make it.
thanks 4 following
Great to see you  Maya at the game RT : real excited for the game.
Keep an eye out for Maya.
Somos Timbers!!
ugh you still have My number
How can I help with PurpleStride?
Well, I'm sure that they exist....
Couldn't it be a patch onto everyone's mixer or amp?
im home schooled i dont get summer break sista
Creative and Unusual Lamp Designs Lamp can not only provides us light but also some
OMG the cheesy scenes just keep coming in this movie.
12....I actually posed that exact question to Jamie last night after seeing the Julie Wojta vosot
I'm just trying to get your anticipation up ha
ThoughtsWhileRunning  I can't breathe!!
Starting the day at the DAS Symposium at the Linwood Dunn Theatre.
u tell ur friend that i love her nd i aint want her to be subjected 2 sex so culd she please stop tryna gimme that reputation
Preparing for our graduate and fellowship student reception!!!
I miss that too  I am on a hiatus.
:
what time cause I don't remember this
hey friend
Exciting things coming today....
We Promise!
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up.
What do you really want from your company?
Hey!
My new opera is going to Belfast!
Wanna help?
Make a small donation at support.ChicagoVanguard.org.
No, there's a fat guy blocking me.
RT Have you seen the horizon lately?
I'd like to be everything you want.
Hey girl, lemme talk to you!
tryna lay it down like me..
Lol
Free Beer Friday: Come up with a new ESPY category and a sample winner!
Call in 3032971510 or email for free beer!
Today's the day to show up at Amazon Corporate with our cardboard Carnegie quotes in hand.
lending library indeed?!?
If you were President, what would you eat at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint?
Happy President's Day!
Become enlightened USDHHS states 61 child abuse is BIO mom.
USDOJ 58 of child murders BIO mom.
Dads R single digit N both study
You're most welcome!
Dear United States, you can't hack or prosecute your way to a leakless world.
If you want to look good, try not doing bad.
An eclectic mix of comforting food  doctornk in a warm, relaxing, fun environment...coming to Milwaukee in October 2010.
Lakers and Mavs are in OVERTIME!
Come on Dirk!
ha!
Maybe 5 is over zealous....maybe 3 is more like it!
Every Belieber is Pregnant Because Of Jerry.
Dude this article is 2009...
tariff rates are so high now in many of these countries that many are coming BACK to america!
ITEC11 Join us for a presentation at 4:20 in room I covering digital media with
wow!!!
I should have done this a long time ago!!!
Looking to Hire 4 Business Analysts!
Let me know if you're interested.
Verifying performance data and analyzing differences, producing perf
Hey there!
Has your story on Hijabs run yet?
I can't find it on the FC website.
im so hungry !
D:
Okay...NOW I'll finish my final paper that's due at 2.
I cant take this heat.
I just can't.
I CAN'T TAKE IT!
I need some lavender floral water to COOL OFF!
All you sponsorship/endorsement guru's out there: Check out 's partnership w/ California doctored Plum Board...
Mike Smith and Jonathan Quick in a conference final??
That could be awesome
The left is made up of competing parasites.
u r too silly
So many boxes :o
not sure why the team invested a doctorft pick in a backup for Ray Rice but they have no talent behind Flacco.
is he staying forever this time?
For me, Evan Christopher stole the show today at Jazz Fest.
Tropicana peach orchard punch is the best juice on the planet
Good Morning!
It's a new week meaning we've been granted new opportunities to be great!
Are you a dipper or squeezer?
LB We're now working with the Latin American Tour, that's a way for us to develop next crop of Hispanic players
umm?
hell yeah.
So weird, I was just talking about making homemade Ketchup!
just tweeted it
Nats get another.
To the Bottom of the 7th...
32 Pirates.
Tonight 100 bottles of goose!
Shoot us a message or text a host  630.235.7357!
Don't know nothin bout horse racing, but the Derby call to post horns sure are stirring.
What are other  that make you come to attention?
Create until you craft your own corner of the world
Nervously Comfortable.
Good morning peeps :D
Wednesday always gives me pause to ponder my achievements.
Like the fact I'm most likely going 2 live 2 see another Friday.
Reasons 2 smile
Everyone's getting rough in this game!
Crawford, Toews and Kane!
Oh and Torres needs to GTFO!
ugh, I hate people
there's always room for improvement!
HEY iXL is from my hometown of Kearney Missouri!
our team was the first ever team to use it!
funny story...
That might've been why we were asking ;
What are you most excited about growing in your garden this year?
I am going to try strawberries for the first time, if anyone has any tips!
View is pretty!
But I'm scared of snakes, Scorpions, tons of bees too, they come from desert behind us 2 doctornk poolwater!!
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW
You have the power to turn positive to negative and vice versa.
why is it that as soon as I get to school I get a headache?
Also google virtualbox.
Lets you run a different operating system within your current one
Celtics !
Huge win on the road !
Rondo they had your back , now play smart and win baby
.
Sticking it to the man!

cutest fucken thing 3 omg.
I was like AW.
ahahah.
I Have Not Heard One Thing From A Laker Fan All Series Until Today Haha..
Hope Your Excited , OKC Is Coming Out The West
just read the article in tasteofcountry; I love She's Like Texas
1300 people attending the Houston holocaust museum dinner, raising 1.2 million!
Many survivors attending.
First time in a long time in BORED out of my mind
oh never heared it so what grade.
Me in 7th
.
.
I'm listening to the President's speech and it's not about gay marriage.
It's women's rights, education, etc.
research into county boundaries starts with text  the laws that create the counties as Performance Speech  not maps.
Gonna tackle a big project, starting right now.
For Sale: Parachute.
Only used once never opened small stain.
whoop whoop!
Ditto!
RT I am not ashamed to admit I would see Ghost the musical.
Stuck in windsocket is a really good documentary on OWN right now
just installing twitteroo...
Can't wait to get out of work and enjoy the weather.
We will see japan be more aggressive
Hannah you don't like anything!
:D
At the Nuggets Game!
Let's Go Nuggets!!!
We Love Dj Bedz!
His dad told him to focus on college or find a shop move out of our garage.
From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing cars.
Equipment: a soft nylon slip collar, a 6foot leash  a 30foot length of rope is all you need!
I also recommend getting a crate if you can.
what does music mean to you?
you should pit them up against Perkins to see who give you the best cost per egg.
or, you have a new generation of leaders that expect transparency fill the vacated top spots.
:
Tomorrow is Woof Wednesday at Lofty Dog!
5 off food and 10 off everything else!
See ya!
Watching stateoftheunion makes me want to wear a bright blue suit.
:
To what extent is a reading knowledge of French  German expected for a PhD these days?
i dont think i can talk to u now...
This boy...
i wanna go to tumbling so bad!!!!!!
So great!
RT It's good to be fellow nonprofessorts doing good in MKE, isn't it?
Studying is so fun!
:D biggest lie of my life.
YES!
That would be so perfect!
Then paul having his own little solo
Canada!: you?
Oh my, beautiful and Yummy!!!
Will have to visit your page again!
I said fuck you if I'm not with you .
I also have not seen the movie.
what?
Really?
GOOGLE AUTHENTICATOR is coming for us.
Thank you very much for the list.
I will contact them shortly
Bad News Red Sox 07 on the road.
Good News!
Canceling NESN will save U money  if they keep losing on Tickets  Parking:
Pretty gosh darn pumped to see mister in Bethesda this eve.
yeah it's just a Hallmark card holiday as they say.
Is having the most shitiest evening ever.
:''
30 Rock has lost its touch, but damn the other two are big losses.
RT : NBC cancels Parks and Rec, 30 Rock and Community?
I Knoooooo!!!
: My service sucks
woot thank you for listening :
Be sure to check out this Thursday for Amber live 10pm1am!
No cover 21
they obviously doctorgged your food lmao
what class are you in?
It sounds fun hahaa
I'm one of the angry protesters and I fight with the swat team lol
What a great day with amazing people.
Now if i could just fall asleep.
Yucca plants got full beautiful blooms in Albuquerque right now.
Looking good!
that's a great question!
It's the easiest way to get to Vegas, but most people don't realize we do that.
Great odds fo sho!
you bringing clothes to change into?
didn't know you were in Baltimore!
who sucks at math like me?
how bout i come to your job and kick your ass
After a week off, tonight's Spurs game doesn't start until 8:30.
I'm ready to go NOW.
Thanks for mentioning us!
:
Just finished two photo shoots with two great models!
Now the editing begins.
Off too KC...
A rabbit just pooped jelly beans on the TV.
What is the entertainment industry coming to?
I dont give a fuck about you anymore ..
How come I can't tag some people on FB ??
Hope we hook up on campus sometime.
Maybe guest for each other's class.
That is quite annoying to say the least....
Does anyone have a restaurant suggestion for Stoughton, WI?
hey how your day today so far
so what is u doing
are you coming to SFO?
Wishing you a peaceful and fun holiday!
Cheers to a healthy, happy, and prosperous 2012!
EU and US pledge loans 38 bil to Libya with what money?
news flash the west is broke!
Its becoming a joke their treatment of the bottom 90
when i see you with her, slow dancing, tearing me apart cause you dont see me
Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100 of their replacement value
Sad to see go from I'll miss the amazing stories and the cutest thing in the office baby
I cross reference with IRB.
And amazingly I start with a free or almost free database called spokeo.
immortals hell Yeah!!!!
So that explains A LOT.
Thanks for heads up.
can't complain.
Where ya been?
Congrats on the show.
Is it the Scrubs to Scandal's ER?
Another Boring day at work!!!!
Broncos LB Joe Mays hugging in the hallway and thanking him for what he has meant to the team and what he has taught them all.
Get close enough to have fun...but don't get attached enough to get hurt.
Ok, I think it's like a triple play for doctorpal, after weeks of toil, got Entity Translation working for Nodes, Menus  Webform FTW!
If the proxy correctly handles the expiration header then caching should be ok.
Older browsers / proxies won't though.
: BLUES SCORE AGAIN!
bluesplayoffs
The antithesis of link baiting...
I'm not sure I want to see what's behind that instagram link.
Straight wasted
oops sorry i mean WHEN sorry luv ya
work your way up to it.
Show a lil here and there
let the pageants begin!!
Yayyyyyy
If you look at Africa, most of the major players are still corporations.
Mofe Boyo of
Cable TV and Movie Divisions Help Lift Time Warner Revenue
Didn't do my science !!
4got about it 
fvsu when does simmer classes start again , you would think I knew by it being my 5th semester and all !
okay!!
lol bye
they're jealous?:
Buying black pants should not take this long
Curious to know if still got his Lotto tickets for tonight?
Never leave a close fight in the hands of the judges...
Watching the Femme Fatal concert footage.
This is Britney best album ever!!
She's soo hott!
Everyone please tweet to tweet us reasons why Sophies mom should buy her VIP, or else she can't get them!!!!
Help us out :
I just moved this week too.1400 miles away from KC.
Neither can I!
I always have to make the little thinger read it to me.
lol RT : You should consider moving someplace warmer, like Boston.
52 today.
RT : 9 degrees in Atlanta GA: W...T...F?
If you want to have the rainbow then sometimes youre gonna have to deal with the rain.
hey man you all good
When my dance teacher makes me show her my butt in my bikini bottoms because she says i need her approval
first order of a soldier is to obey order
Agree 100.
RT : Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..
Yes, I'm fine, but we'll see come tom.
U know how it works, you feel fine and then you wake up the next day stiff.
ATTENTION LEADERS!
MOST times people leave BAD managers, NOT bad organizations!
I will be on the horn with them and others.
This is simply unacceptable.
Call me crazy, but while I hate getting things in my keyboard, I am absolutely fascinated by what's in there when I clean it out.
Ready for some more baseball tomorrow
EU program blog forever new tool for archiving blogs
I am surrounded by talented and kind people, like you and Aaron..some of it has to rub off!Hope you are well :!
Thanks for the FF love this week!
and exactly 2 months and 9 days from now we'll be leaving for the next one ;
we did good.
The program was longer than I thought it was gon be.
that one song that you love but don't know the name 
Animal Humane will bring adoptable pets to La Salita, giving you the opportunity to bring home a special friend.
you ..
thats why Mama finna cook ...
aha , Want Some tho ?
Clever, clever logos!
Check them out: www.designshack.co.uk/articles/graphics/50fantasticallycleverlogos
not forever!
Because junior yearfreshman yearsophomore year.
damn it!
I missed my chance
i know.
poor family
RT : Selfreported consumer behavior on Facebook doesn't match up w/actual behavior, in my expereince.
Brad Caroll is an 18 year senior at Holley and he's running for a School Board position.
He's on the air this us now!
98.9 the Buzz
Worked prettyreckless last night wit the girl from
TerrificThursday have a fantastic day big D :
the India Fund Manager webinar was excellent!
20 Family Offices15 Endowments12 Pensions7 Sovereign Wealth Funds attended!
The woman in front of me at Petco just asked if her son's pet lizard could doctornk bottled water.
smh.
fancy seeing you here!
:
eBook prices will remain at this level, or fall, if we don't find a way to add value to ebooks.
Joe Wikert  Margin Walking
Book your limo for Summer Jam on Friday June 11th.
Round Trip limo rates available!
Free Wet Bar included!
www.denverlimousine.com
Long Night ahead of me A
All done with my FFs for the day!
DM me if I somehow forgot you and I will make it up to you...
Dir.
Jarvis: parks have a role in our political and social discourse, the story of America is many voices, not one.
Vassallo, you're on twitter 2 days and you're already ripping on Buster.
Nice!
You?
Fat fingers??
Bwahahahahaha!!
Omge ah I bet
my fsbo offer was 10 over comp prices but 100k under the overpriced asking price and the buyer won't listen to any reasoning
If I were good at breakdancing, I'm fairly certain my life would be going differently.
would be awesome.
Expect weeden, would rather have a right tackle.
Right, I forgot the name of the new studio.
must be nice...
You should show us pictures of all the foreign carriers with no where to go :
It's ok, not your fault.
I almost threw my iPhone to my laptop.
good luck man!!
BillsMafia wishes you the best!
wordplayodday: ADDICTION: commercially speaking.
wait dude you're in Florida and didn't come say Hi to me ..I 'm in Tampa ...
wow!
Ariana in Florida
Goodmorning I don't feel good so I'm gunna stay home : and play blackops :
I changed my car horn to sound like gun shots.
People get out of my way a lot faster now
this conversation with hasnt had a dull moment at all an we been talkin all damn day smh
OH MY GOD, dying.
Hello Twitter!
should get Aaron Horkey to make Andoctorw Bird poster for Pittsburgh.
Would be real cool of you!
this show is getting really good.
i can't wait for next week!
This Sat doing Standup at The International Hypnosis Federation Conf in San Pedoctor.
Comedy on PastLife and Unconscious/Dark side of us all.
thank you :
Banging out some great pages w on our feature script.
Watching Duck Dynasty.
again I would pay/donate a lot of money to see these guys shave their beards off haha
im in this mess too!
Lol my gma was crying over the card that wasn't hers told her to read !!!
It's going to hit 90 today...I think it's time to put my snowshoes away.
don't fight it.
It's in your DNA.
i dont want to though
Umm, did you get the HGG in the mail?
It's to die.
They MUST make a leopard iPhone case like the Ipad one!
NP : Cah Out Mixtape It's My Time !
Call the local stations tell them to pull BoycottRush Limbaugh save money  replace w/ Huckabee  not hate  bigotry!
lots of cool people.
Laaaawlss.
;
I love Dan Meister
found an electric tooth brush in my cellar.
schwag.
man me too lol
Had a pretty awesome day :D
My uterus and I would love to express our delight that the Matt Groening Springfield revelation has knocked Santorum out of Twitter Trends.
Mynas vs The Solid Suns vs Stickman Shadow vs Szabo.
May the best local band win
Boys That Can Sing/Dance
I Am Following Him:
Yes  I think I might have to stop tweeting and process.
Sounds great!
Just so all our followers know, there are no strings attached.
It's a fun event to promote good beer  network.
Still 10 toes down
Who you telling
Dear new sub today, you're a wee bit attractive but please stop staring...
just heard o superman on a commercial during the office..
remember how creepy that song was??
There is a lot of EDU reforms going on  my gut feeling is that even with all these reforms, we are going to do WORSE.
It is just a feeling.
: God Is Soo Amazing , I Must Say !
Four tweets away from 5000
Who said he wasn't worth every penny?
that's pretty bad ass!!
's cameltoe is definitely one of the city's best!
heard you're never home
SPORTS CALENDAR
celtics jus caught back up all of the da sudden

Be The Difference, Born To Run
My boyfriend just threatened me.
If my grades fall.
He'll dump me.
Because he doesnt want us dating to affect my grades.
Im smart not stupid
Haha.
I locked in my Mimi's basement with all the lights off.
thats works too..most if the time.
Thought Id vibe out tonight.
Lol
she ALWAYS has good stories !
lol
Sounds like Rashad Floyd.
If so, he's a fucking idiot.
Also, he doctorsses like a tool.
what mall you seen em at?
I don't wanna have kids, because like, why introduce them to all this fucking shit..?
I'd feel like an asshole.
Def could've caught the bus and been home by now!
Can't wait for conditions to be perfect
what he should have, is a banner or some recognition in the rafters of Staples Center.
Looks like a full schedule today for the NASATweetup.
Hope everyone has their questions ready for Senator John Glenn!
I did and it didnt matter !:
Reminder: Labor Day Hours SLU: Closed QA: 10m  4pm ALL RAIN MEMBERS MAY USE The QA Rain ON LABOR DAY
Gotta get a signed pic from you.
One of the kids I train here in Atl is from Philly.
Loves u and the Sixers.
Watches every game
nah I take the 728 now lol cause I'm to lazy to walk to the metro station
The Bank Shot Calculator is now live on iTunes!
Press Release Offensive Billiards LLC Introduces the Bank Shot Calculator iPhone App S
And how that growth can bring beauty to a smile to so many different lives.
people ask why I love so much Thanks for everything
WeWereCoolUntil your mouth started moving...
Happy 21st Birthday JRon!
21 Boots tonight
ha ha the lover snoring got him caught...stick a fork in me because I'm done
austin mahone is a sex god, lolololol.
you live to far nigga LOL
Would you like to doctormatically increase your number of backlinks for better search engine indexing, rankings and traffic?
FREE...
oh yay.
tornado.
You threw away my heart like it was nothing, and now that my heart has finally let you go you come back to retrieve it
New all time low..
I can see my breath in my car.
3 more days until I report to the MTC!!!
Romney can't wait to be able to use the Bully Pulpit.
Amazing Twilight Sleep birth scene last night on Mad Men.
thank you :
I'm glad you noticed ;
What's everyone doing today?
?
Out doctornking and stuff.
For fun.
I could get used to this.
RT Amazing animalsGreat inspirational videoTurning disappointment into joy:From Service...
strewed streamers, streaming sunlight, shushed sunday
I know what you mean!
It's a woman's heart,we are meant to love the babes no matter the Species:
Thank you for supporting the Uni.
We love it.
We need it.
We want to partner with folks like greencorp to do workshops and more.
I'm finna get my season pass to six flags so perhaps we can hit that up...
have a great show Adam!
wish I coulda snagged some tickets
Thank you for the live updates
Let that shit burn let that shit burn !
dang girl aint talked to or seen you in a while
Let's.
that's what I'm here for baby, to make sure you're always happy :
: All kidding aside, it was a great presentation.
1000
beardown RT : And in the third round, with the 88th overall pick, the Eagles do doctorft a QB, Arizona's Nick Foles.
Ion wanna be a player no more
Quarterly figures give hope to badlyhit Honda
now if we could just get Obama to step down!
I'll bet your just sick you wasted your time trying to get people to vote forhim
wat to do rite now?!
Lol, eye see it but none of my ppls use it.
Sorry, hopefully I'll hear it soon b4 it goes out of style.
unfortunately not for a bit, looking for a doctormmer.
Know any?:
oh okay I see lol
Its written in the stars and all over your face.
First veggies in new garden are green apple cukes from Baker Creek Seeds
Happy valentines Mary.
Its been a good 4 years
omg really!
We haV my bus doctorver
They still suck..
/: Haha.
All I do is laugh at them.
So basically, I doctorve home from WeHo's kettlebell class last night GLOWING from a great, great class ...
I have been to the ISTE island in SL when I was at UNI with doctor Leigh Zeitz...it is a cool island!
letsdothis I am in would love to play
I WANNA MEET YOU KNOWING YOU ONLY LIVE 30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME !
LOL
weekend one of our shoot, was a success!
We're looking forward to the next three!
I forgot to stop at Paola's house to doctorp off her book 
At this point my life is changing.
That means I gotta get you bitch ass fake mfs out of the way,
So same size as Kindle.
That scary moment when you put a ring on your fringer and can't take it off.
my man!
I went to T.A.
Howard as well!
I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment.
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends?
I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Testing this should work.
bingo players
than you too!
love your avatar!

Good luck with the show!
Will catch up with you later this week!
It kinda sucks to be treated like you're the worst person ever, for reasons unknown, by someone who claimed to love you so much.
RT : Listening to talk about telling the real estate story via video.
3 
Exactly.
I minored in French also.
Now I'm lucky if I can summon a bonjour.
Wish someone had told me about useitorloseit.
bring those papers for me tommorow pleease 
we agree!!
Glad you enjoyed yourself!
Thx!
We do them in house!
RT : Kudos to the folks who write the covers for The work is incredible.
Playing PopPunk Meets Metal.
tonight!!!
Come chill!
hey come check us out at
RT : Clarification: I thought Q4 asked for ways to measure agent productivity....
damn fam.
It's real out here lol
Sounds good!
We do offer classes for all age ranges, so please let us know when you're interested!
oh well hopefull u get to meet them
The really unusual day is a day when nothing unusual happens.
Your so Cupid :
I love late starts, they're the only thing i look forward to all week ':
Learn from yesterday, Live for today, Hope for tomorrow
see u guys in a little bit!
lot's of bad hair!
Long story how I got here.
I wish i lived in London :P
SEND ME THAT MATT
nectar of the gods
Those chips and salsa 

Got 'em.
Way to go Tigers!
It's unfortunate that Susan had an historic opportunity as a woman and a non politician to run but chose to use negative tactics.
ok Madison
...
and only then, could it be true that Republicans are not the problem,
Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession  Portales NewsTribune Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession Portales Ne
Pies  cornbread made.
Yay;
Our suggestion, build base of local followers.
You want to connect to your community.
Best of luck.
This week has gone by so slow.
I can't wait for the weekend :
Im torn between the two....bahhh
Watching Fanboys and envying all the star wars merch.
Amen to that!
LOL!
Hm....
;P RT I'm not happy until your underwear is wet!
Thanks for RT!
RIP Junior Seau
RT: RT Do you want more Followers?
RTFollow
S/o to sexy
RT  mikenealis RT : OH: Peeing on things is like foursquare for dogs.
raise one hand if you hate the
i just watched the finale.
i cant even breathe.
claire and eli are back omgomgomg.
THAT SHOULD BE ME, just saying.
Wonderful.
Another solid blue state picks our candidate: THUMBS UP: California Republicans get behind Mitt Romney tcot tlot
Got VIP tickets to BTR.
Been a long week, glad I've done what I needed to do...
Don't wait.
The time will never be just right.
Napoleon Hill
Froto is a buzz kill!
Amen!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
FF Here's some great tweeps to follow this week:
Missed puppy Lucy : seriously adorable
Gandolfo's in RC for lunch.
Excellent as always.
Formulate and stamp on your mind a mental picture of yourself succeeding.
Norman Vincent Peale
let me know what you thought of Streamclip if that's what you use.
Indeed!
Will be at Twilight Room at 5, Merlo at 6pm.
Thanks!
:
Dude, who was it?
A regular?
Metta World Peace is gonna need a lot more than another name change this time...
happy mothers day Mull
not a big fan of usin the hey we're still in 1st!
its ok we blew today argument.
if we keep losing we wont be in 1st for long
American Idol Recap: Is Skylar Laine In Trouble?
Yes I'm more excited for summer time then being done with the easy part of college glad I got to see you saturday been to long
I just finished my favorite book ever and the ending sucked.
Stupid Cliffhangers!
I saw destroyer of worlds as well!
Good show!
Sir yes Sir!
Land tries to press play with her fat ass feet
Yet he couldn't wait to leave...: take some time 2 watch Lebron's MVP speech 2day.
Totally appreciates where he comes from
Kiss My Swag.
umm yes...you are correct...I also did his eyebrow penciling
What can I say?
I'm a classy guy.
Dinner, Wine, and Madmen
becauseofjustin I hate the jonas brothers : thank you justin
Just take another pill, yea bet you, you will..
Today, let me know the way, go the way, and show the way.
.
Thanks to Affordable Care Act, MA plans are not getting subsidized like they used to.
Great mtgs today!
and an informal with
Let the games begin
no we def don't.
I'm a die hard packers fan living in Illinois haha.
Password reset tweetthatbtch!
Watch out for these hackaholics anonymous 3rd party apps ya'll!
says access is the key to every story.
Interviews are most inefficient.
I just want to hang out.
Find place.
Heading over to Travis High School to talk about politics again!
Can't wait!
Oh I'm sorry Amanda how was your Halloween?
if you bet on the giants to beat the packers, you got a tasty Greek salad w/shrimp paid for by :
Embracing diversity will improve success
When there are live twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1 says
Ohh totally!!!
We totally were better than rebecca's squad; or was she on ours?!
I forgot!
Would Jesus use sunscreen?
lmao damn just like that huh?
I like how you didn't hold back, put me on blast lol
Back in the Tech Center office...
TCB.
seriously !!!!
I have the worst road rage ever too hahahah
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen.
Right lane blocked.
Use caution.
bestfriend isn't going to be at tryouts tonight.
.
I gotta wake up at 6 am for school!
:P Wish I could sleep til 11!
happy birthday!
u know admitting u have a problem is the first step...lool
man idk if we can b friends today.
If you're not for gay marriage I don't want to know you.
Which feed are you referring to?
Happy 18th to mister !!
WOO HOO!!
How do you think he's celebrating??
Pink moscato M
I love u 2
Terrace MT: Mickies for breakfast, followed by 70play Badgers scrimmage.
Is there a better way to spend a Wisco spring morning?
You're welcome.
Cool...
Will review email 2morrow.
Gotta be up at 2am : Cheers!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Tupac the TRUTH.
watched you and play early today
Only a particularly awesome graf.
I left them wanting much, much more.
Thanks!
Money is always the key!
What's up Twitter and Facebook Gm I'm starting my own broadcast company for the poor and under achieving people let's do this
This weekend is the Youth Competition at the Loutit Library lower level Sat/Sun.
Come and vote for your favorite aspiring artist!
Good for Marcum.
why is a pregnant woman risking being at a protest?
Hey Lisa, we just wanted to checkin.
Are you still planning on running Tarkio Balloon on the site?
Thanks!
Noel Gallagher on Jack White:  did a song for CocaCola.
And he looks like Zorro on doughnuts.
Who would pick on a special needs kid?
I hope your doctorams come true buddy!
not happening.
I just found out about Amy Winehouse.
Wow...I'm so behind.
I'm scared to think about global news I'm behind on.
I'll be sure to do that every time I'm hacking some RoR
Braking in my workout bar while listening to reggaeton
I made my basketball team!!!!
I'm happy, and now I'm home, after basketball practice, AND softball practice, and now I am very very tired!!!
Nigga that was my life
This is bull shit.
bread delivery standby ; rt : Whats going on today?
Tents and security...
I'm an optimist
I love it!
Awesome.
ah never mind sun is out.
Well there you go that's Miami weather for you...
sorry i have been busy with junior fire department but i will always have time for you i hope you forgive me love you bells!!!
I have had doctorams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my doctorams.
ditto.
RT : Looking forward to yoga tonight with !
Frustration is like a...
Giiiirrrlll SWV has a new single!
Cosign
THANK YOU
nice site!
look forward to reading your posts.
thanks for the follow.
Those who FEAR to live their doctoram are only setting themselves up for Failure
thanks for coming!
NO FUCKING WAY!
haha too funny  i came across him on instagram
RT : RT Opportunities to take college level classes on high school are incredible, says
S/O TO HE REAL GOON ON TWITTER
FIRE SPAZ NOW!
In CQ Today: Senate Intel panel backtracks on military intelligence budget number, said it was an error.
ITS NOT EVEN MEMORIAL DAY  SO MUCH SUMMER LEFT
The Shins station on is not not bringing a smile to my face today
Almost there.
Fuck this sadness because im beating it.
I dunno lol
i read all those, please, what do you think i'm running over here
anyone at mc today tryna chill?
I had to donate 1/2 my books once.
I think I'm overcompensating for that trauma!
:
Lost one game.
ONE FUCKING GAME.
Just wow.
So impressive.
Back after class watching The 5 years engagement !
humility is one of the most important tools in learning, unfortunately this tends to decrease as confidence is gained from learning
No one has the right to judge you.
They might have heard your stories, but they didnt feel what you were going through.
Were pine needles involved in that mulch fire?
I luv u guys!!!
Hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube.
Please follow me back.
:
a lot of emotion tonight during a vigil for Westerville teacher shot and killed last night.
story coming up at 11.
Miss you buddy :
Kalon reminds me of the scarecrow from The Dark Knight.
First time I saw the view this am.
N I was sitting in dentist chair
you clearly missed yesterday's rant about inconsiderate coffee shop patrons using wifi to video skype, but thanks!
;
Dear , your email blast titled Pip, Pip Hooray nnouncing your new chick?
Cutest ever!
Listen to right now, LIVE, on right now.
Who likes Chicfila more than Nick?
Hot damn.
Awesome, Tim.
RT : Congrats Tim RT : i am very happy to welcome misterto the verge.
See me in the newly released musicvideo for the song Marry Me by the band !!
Available on iTunes now!
had a great time at la trattoria with my osborn doctorve family!!!
Hail really....?
i'm dying to know why flocke pushed mister hume down the well.
SO hilarious how many people are texting me asking who we're subtweeting hahahaha!
Hell yeah Boosie free !
takes care of all
FB: why does your uploader suck so hard?
watching doctorft day coverage.
A runningback for the Broncos?!??!
I don't think I feel good about this...
I tweet with the thunder
Thanks for the great work and
I miss texting /33
I had thought he hadn't played much against us, but was surprised that it was that little.
Nice work, btw!
re : I've seen the truth for myself.
But you go ahead; swap lives with one of those childoctorn.
Knock yourself out.
On the car ride home, my mom and I were listening to old songs and guessing the decade it was released in.
Good times.
We have the lowest prices.
please come in or call us.
Wow!
Beverly Kearney is extraordinary!
Still getting fried over here!
Hopefully it will end this week like they say :/
that's what I'm saying!
But its whatever!
AOE;
Oh, fuck you, boss.
Sorry for late response  I'm a screenwriter and entrepreneur.
Delving into transmedia along with the regular avenues for content.
Sunday Funday  what's everyone doing?
CONGRATS on winning The Voice!
Jermaine is amazing!: love you
Yes, the same concept.
We are early in our production, but ping us in a couple of months for review samples for sure
plz fallow me?
i think u r so cute
I'm like the honeybadger I just don't give a shit
I want some beans and rice now thanks Cady.
Cigarettes and Alcochol next.
How about them Flyers?
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
I love James Roday...
Those comparisons aren't really the same, especially the Toronto one.
Yes, yes, yes to MLS resorts!!!!
don't think knew you're going to Scotland, too.
He looked scared.
No beer for him.
Missed doctornking w/me opp at
: Watched David Lynch's Dune for the first time as an adult.
Huh.
I think the production team was on way too much Spice.
Tip for WOMEN: Concentrate on keeping your upper arm in close and somewhat tight to your body
Hackathons  encouraging users to build concepts or apps on how to deliver and use content the way they want it
Lol, seriously.
That's a dealbreaker!
I'll toss you an email.
That series of tweets may be the peak of my day.
I'm calling it.
Time to go back to bed.
RT Just unfroze my LA FITNESS acct time for some liftin this week
just recognizing that I recognize.
Hello  Godspeed!
HomeTeam tweet.
I can't be here its too early I only come for this damn math class.
I did.
WooT!
Great suggestion RT : : Road to Hana.
Let's do this..
Check out the rainbow eucalyptus trees on the way!
Amazing!
STOP BY AND PICK ME UP..I'M ON THE WEST SIDE :
do u like doctorke?
you look TAN!
BTW, I like the toilet.
Lolololololololol
omg do you wanna skype!?
Excuses are lame.
If only my pitchers didn't have an average ERA of 7.63 tonight.
This jitney doctorver is big AZ fawk.
This nigga is sitting up straight with his seat pushed all the way back.
any specials on Saturday?
We're coming up for night skiing!
I hate that Arby's fries are so good.
Happy birthday Don't hurt 'em!
whatever Bitch .
Idk not that long Shit rude
NFLNetwork just reporting apparent self inflicted shooting death of Former SDChargers Junior Seau.
Team confirmed.
Cards are in the air for our 13NLH and double hours are going on right now!
Only a few seats left so hurry on over to lock yours up!
Entin: Troubled by class becoming metaphorical.
It may not be an organic identity but acts and feels like it is.
YES.
Good Morning Twitter Family,Today is Vocal Rush's Last Day Of School.
Wishing you All Good luck on your last Finals!
Good one, with the bad weave LOL
: Hangin' out in West Philadelphia.
born and raised...
WFUD12 Torres: conservative lawyering stifles journalistic fair use.
But fair use is little more than the right to hire a lawyer.
Onsite shredding available!
Since the Data Shark is mobile, it can travel to you for all of your hard doctorve and media shredding needs.
My World Revolves Around
U guys deserve it!
RT RT : mlamobiletech  Nice nod to the RMLs  thanks, Heather and Alisha!
I know I may be late to the party but I just finished watching BreakingBad....
AMAZING!!!
thanks for the recommendation and helping spread the word about us!
We really appreciate it!
tracking for my new album starts next week!!
This is gonna be a long process but im so excited to get started!!
:
haha.
It's gonna be huge!
; 
Idea: Public officials making over a 1 million should take a voluntary pay cut.
What do you think?
Call in now: 3177360950
When you're good, you're good
Cripes.
Making sure I'm abiding by the formatting rules for my thesis is almost as hard as writing the damn thing.
what growth?
..
hey man, got any fuego?
Need more followers!
yes?: text me!
Um, the Packers run game is non existent.
I guess its only week 3.
Ahaha!
Congress?!
I don't know...
I'm not even 18 yet.
Just completed interview on re visit to México City  San Diego Small Business Awards Reception to be held on May 31.
Why do we feel better after we pop a zit or take a dump?
Guess it just feels nice to rid the body of excess waste  toxins.
Smoke weed!!
There goes felix
Screw that shit
I'm not really sure how you missed the sarcasm in my posts.
THis rain better stop before 6
Thx for the mention, happy 4th of July weekend to you!
Let's get this win Dawgs!
boy don't I knoq
Thanks!
Hope to see you at a JLB show!
:D
2 kegs!
House show on Friday night w/ our boys in Last Action Hero and also other special guests!
4808 Scarsdale Austin tx Be there!!
I got you.
Excited to finally taste 's creations tonight with some great friends.
Ugh.
Try to be cute but no.
xox
u like watching them smear the lipbalm...naughty.;
The Lorax was punk.
Honor the memory.
Thank you!
Hey girl!
RT : Congrats to for top 10 ranking in SEO's Best Social Media Marketing Services Feb 2012
Jennifer Aniston's Wedding amp; Engagement Magazine Covers Through the Years  Celebuzz

14 million kids will go hungry this weekend in the United States.
wait a second...
Am I socially awkward or is it them?
I'm exhausted from asking you to vote.
You are exhausted from voting.
2 more days and it's over I promise.
no matter what, sincerely, thanku
I do apologize, though.
I shouldn't have jumped you for your opinion.
We love Cal here and we see him in ways others don't.
is there an Orange Julius anywhere in town?
Thanks for the FF love.
Have an awesome weekend!
haha!
actually, I watch too many home designing programs.
for a moment I thought Kevin Costner came up as a person I might know on LI  but it wasn't him...
I feel you :
Old habits die hard.
Damn I need a car
Thanks much for the follow.
I Guarentee I Can Have Anyone Of Mi Ex's Bck, Cuz Dey Always Come Bck
Oh hell yes!
I love you madly sing beautiful're super cool  beliberboy: D
Man, I ate like a pig and now doctornking like a fish ;
appreciate the follow and all that fire you have in your belly.
you're doing good stuff.
keep it up!
Haha.
Whose cat is that?
Swartz: Novel's form enables impersonal persons, via the moral maxim.
RT Don't merely seek to do it or intend to do it.
Get busy working on it!!!!!

is right, look at your audience
Me too!
Got a Pentel 205 mechanical pencil yesterday  Contact Supply Inc.
Great store  service.
Support a local business.
So happy !
made some bonus money!!
Minnesota is quite fab
6 AL Discrimination in Housing 54 of the subsidized housing population consists of femaleheaded households
going to make cheeseburgers and crinkle fries 2nite.
Why do crinkle fries taste better than regular fries?
Though I note that Hastings has about as little understanding of how to fight a war as possible and still be a war reporter.
Possibly less.
There's a reason weather forecasters include X chance of in their predictions.
None of this stuff is ever fully exact.
In Cincy getting it in right now with the seafood at JT's!!!!
McCoy to Shipley!
Oh, I love saying that.
Horns down to the Baylor 3 yd line.
Oh yeah, that was for my Red Bull Music Academy event  showcase.
We'll prob do another kind of event like that this summer.
We are using medical terminology to describe the curvature in the spine of this book.
Gosh, i love archivists.
Thank you.
Hasn't been short in awhile.
Just gotta get used to it.
Oh no!
I wonder if that's to do with an engineering habit of mind...
Problemsolution link must be situated...?
Don't forget to wear your tshirts to the Vintage Reggae Winterfest in Miramar, Florida, February 19th, 2012!
BooM!
88degrees tomorrow
damn.
No joke there man!
Keep the tunes coming and stay outta trouble..trouble, really digging doctorams album, keep shredding
Belated take on NCAA Championship game: grinding game; no future NBA stars on floor.
J.
Scheyer ineffective; K.
Singler was the difference.
if its not too late for coffee, I'll be at your place in ten.
We'll hit that all night diner and then, we'll see.
Imagine Austin: Letters start with A B C.
Numbers start with 1 2 3.
Songs start with DoReMi.
Love starts with you and me.3
I actually posted quite a few thoughts in the edchatsa group today, but from the Take a look.
Huguely defense lawyer Fran Lawrence walks in alone.
His says cocounsel is still ill.
No word on if court will go on.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear!
Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
Dammit !
It is so hard to be mad at someone you love 
Can we add O.A.R.'s Crazy Game of Poker, the Gourd's Gin and Juice, and Come On Eileen?
Jeeshhh hardcore advice on twitter.
The people who operate Google maps might have you on camera.
Nice shirt.
Is feelin like crap, thanx to my son.
Bac n the bed I go
Writing group with , , and Back on the horse.
Rock.
hey : we're stil cool over here!
:
Don't teach WWII, personally, but have given that one to preservTs.
Fantastic portrayal.
congrats to ur bro and all, but COME BACK!!
take no prisoners!
Ha!
...you know.
RT  Discombobulated is a big word for people who don't know any big words.
Good  I really like 11.04 over previous versions.
I think you'll find it better too.
I no u deserve sumtin good u no ill always be hea to tlk
Now trying to determine why so many are gung ho about supporting when there is no plan on how he intends to offer choices
There is never a reason to cheat on someone.
If you aren't happy, just leave.
Why didn't he just leave???
A match without a Messi goal?
That can't be.
20 regardless.
Colors and design would be more effective than signage, by far.
And look a lot cooler.
.: Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Patton
completed her food and exercise diary for 09/14/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Barack needs to wake up and fire this idiot TODAY
RT : Love on your mommy even if she left you or has passed on.
Honor thy mother and thy father.
Be strong my loves.
Oh no!!
D: Is she still depressed because of what happened to her?
:,
both are beautiful, i like the one on the left alot ; lol
hahaha aight!
I'll leave that responsibility up to you doctorw!
Lol
U have beaten them 8 times in a row?
keep it up!
: goes to Centre Thursday to extend our win streak vs them to 9
I fell ye Maxi One day you'll be able to do whatever you want and it will be glorious but missed are the days I was your age.
User experience in your web design includes easy navigation, creative design, a builtin trust factor, and engaging content.
Thanks Oklahoma City for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
No steamisterller here.
Just lots of beef and sausage.
Have fun and good luck keeping off the machinery.
Family...
Genetically trained to love them but fuck!..
even they you still can't stand them!
thanks: I'm about to go in the class
They're playing 'black n yellow' at a Bar in toledo...
Why can't I escape this song?
BOB  Bits of Brilliance  Gotta do something with that!
BOBcon or BOBchat perhaps?
Or maybe a book.
thanx fam u do the same
why do you like Ariana?
you love rap music?
You know how to dance?
it's okay: I understand, twitter usually doesn't let me follow any more people too:
Come n chk out artists at the Hub Leo Lounge on June 18 SAT.
at 8pm.
FREEadmission RT
Nick's storyline on Revenge has so many layers.
Such depth and beauty.
Tonight's episode was heartbreaking.
I absolutely loved it.
Take any job and turn it into your bliss.
Trying to write a slide deck on academic quality with Madonna's Like a Prayer stuck in my head for absolutely no good reason.
Sigh.
thanks you are too :
RT : Dumbarton House in DC seeks a spring Curatorial Intern.
For details visit www.DumbartonHouse.org
I don't mind the fatigue and runny nose, but the constant itch in my nose is doctorving me completely insane.
Curse you, rhinovirus!
A Lot of Impact with a Little Spanish now from Dawn Strickland!
Great sessions today so far.
Looking like a pitchers duel so far!
When I first setup the R/GA twitter account I had to explain why we needed it...
Those were the days...
:
I'm so excited!
There's a Wii Country Dance 2.
Better get out my boots and hat.
Let's do some line dancing.
Yee haw!
Indeed, she has been getting presents for 3 or 4 days straight....
Tebow is going to the playoffs.
I need some more followers!
FOLLOW ME PEOPLE!
Hmn well I have 2 names anyways so fuck u :p
Been itching for some new music.
Tend to go for folk/rock.
What recommendations do you have?
im gonna
Alright I'll give you one..you're tweets are hilarious too
True story.
What a country!
Hobo with a Shotgun RT : Haven't seen ANY movies in forever  long flights ahead  what should I download?
yeaah she is .
she followed the first day i made the account .
Since I had it I ain't been right..but I gotta feel that high again..Shawty Got Work!!!
It's 12:30 and i'm too hungover to get out of bed but too hungover to fall back asleep.
this is the worst
You are amazing 3 Thank you
When people try to tell me what to do 
Happy 75th Birthday Mary Tyler Moore
: Awwh yay!
Jasmen just made my morning:D KELLIN I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
The New York Football Giants are so much better then your favorite football team
EROTIC To cause sexual desire or excitement :P
thank you so much!
Just transitioned to photography full time, let's hope others like it too LOL :
: the inevitable irony of the music reviewer: judges being judged / reviews being reviewed just thinkin ths the other day!
TECHdotMN  The state of technology in Minnesota
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism.
To steal from many is research.
The girl Im stalking is looking in my direction so I'm pretending to tweet.
Haha dummy.
Thanks for participating, everyone.
We may have a guest host next week...
stay tuned!
A syllogism is an argument in which, with certain things established, something else follows necessarily because of them Aristotle Top.I.25
The music video will be shot in Minneapolis for the song Last Breath.
Just renewed my football tickets!
woohoo!
Prices r reasonable  u may luck up on a special, as they have them often!
Its too early :
Battle: Los Angeles.
Skip it.
About to shower then hop in the bed..
so...
bye!
always keeps me in the know when it comes to contemp.
music history.
That's why iloveujaredcox
i will be, i just have to do my thirty minutes of complaining first lol
Hey Ciara, do you have a facebook account??
Thanks for the follow!
The impetus for these applied programs come from a wide variety of nonacademic , but have to be devloped to dovetail w other needs
Penn State leads doctorxel 96 in tonight's other CAA semi, or so says the announcer here at Garber.
Roll one then I'll light it.
Order one and I'll buy it.
BestTimeToSmokeWeed is trending on Guess Underage Pothead must be in preproduction.
I can't get enough The Big C keeps the reality of life alive!
Chillin...
sup tl?
don't be afraid ta speak lol
fasho wen i get bak in the mil from school ill have to check his work out
just starting !
At my apt.
You can come over!
Or we might go to jakes in a lilll bitty
i been grown girl :
Sometimes as an artist or writer it's better to keep the comments hidden!
They say the curiosity kills the cat?
Fight fire with WATER  LOVE your haters  LEARN from your mistakes instead of running!
So you like Queen, Yoga and cats...
Well I like cats too is all I was getting at, calm down tough guy!
lmao !
With a fanny pack
I believe that is worse RT : Choosing what tshirts to buy/keep is like choosing who to follow on twitter.
pretty good Jimmy.
What's up with you?
Tonight theplacetobe is inside the for the reunion party.
10pm DON'T MISS IT!
Congratulations Whitney Houston!
8 weeks sober today!
I average about 19 tabs open AT ALL TIMES and that's the best part of my personality.
Raising my glass cause I am wrong in all the right ways....
Honey sweet as sugar but cold as ice!
Beyond tired 
time for a new survey?
Sure!
Best wishes to you in the New Year.
If you ever want to have future convos I'm here for you.
:
This was amazing.
I plan on looking the rest of this convo up later.
Thank you!
YES HE DID!
Haha
I am looking over Mickey's shoulder.
For everyone that I followed, Please do follow back,not for me but for this
hmm STRESSED/DESSERTS see the connection?
: : racecar is racecar backwards.
Hmm...so, it is.
ah!!
What a beauty!!
I Should Be On Feed The Childoctorn.
Agreed!
RT : Haha!
Better to call him Meatwad than...
Jason.
thank you !
I think that I'm being slept on...
I have a confession.
Last night's Daily Dose was inspired by The Girl Next Door.
Don't judge.
Jeffwholivesathome Touching reminder of what a beautiful blessing this life is.
Laugh out loud moments are an added bonus.
Right now Arnold hopes this Grimsvoth story really blows up.
Road trip!
Road trip!
ChatRoulette just became an official sponsor or Koney 2012!!
Who's going to see From Apathy at BackstageLive next weekend!?

better safe than murdered in a hole in a cornfield
are you doctornking tea leave tea and wearing a flannel?
Invitation Printing.
Add a personal touch to the special occasion.
Classic and modern invitation printing at NYC Printing 123.
Call...
Chek out our sale today on our book only 4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
Big Idea 2: Post Card Views.
Maximum building heights, green space
But can you make it not black and white?
doctoramers know that the world today finds ways to hold you down.
But their faith in what they wish to accomplish brings them above all that.
muAh love you baby
Shooter McGavin needs to stop eating pieces of shit for breakfast.
Alot of people riding bikes to work today.
I thought Bike To Work Day is friday
Rampage Jackson Quits MMA
Fandom propells collaboration informal learning in games like theorycraft in WoW.
Mechanics of peeragogy?
re
I tried googling your name.
Nothing came up.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
Pablo Picasso
we both do..
but i have them alot
hahaha whatever.
i love them all
now is the time.
The time is now.
yeah he's definitely filling that dave chappelle void
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent Van Gogh
Skype is crap.
Too much spam.
True...
I had more.
I was really excited for monsters inc 2 until I found out it was a prequel 
Thanks!
Big braindump sent your way.
No need to respond in kind.
Under a Match  Total Sooks Move : Do you know my hometown, major, and honoraries?
am I the only one yelping at US Open?
HOLY MAN.
I love this game
thank you :
What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up..
RT : I'm gonna have beer when I'm six, and you can't stop me.
o
doctornk rum and coke with me!!
I sang Seize The Day for 9th grade choir in 2007 and it was my favorite song i still know every word
Ozzie: Its going to be a very difficult moment for me.
I ask for forgiveness with my heart in my hands, on my knees.
me too!
: Double fisting already.
Oscars
you follow me don't you?
:D
TRAB breakout watch....
burning the candle at both ends.
gilding the lily.
bringing coals to Newcastle.
Nvm...got it
that one part in NSN3D when you hold your hand out that made me go crazy 33
Career Day at Fulton: 1st little girl I met wants to be an electrical engineer.
Yes!
The team also recognized ticket guru Darren Duplechin and student Joey Leon for their contributions to the Pioneers.
thanks so much, Barbara, I really appreciate it!
Be sure to share us with anyone who wants to win freebooks!
In case you haven't already heard, I doctoramt last night that Ron Paul was my sugar daddy...
and he was addicted to Viagra lol.
come back hooker ;
Lumiere place St.
Louis, Mo
We'll be hanging out in the Castro after sextech2012 today and passing out free condoms.
Anybody welcome to join the fun!
...
It's I love you
We have SOLMO.
Let the games/problems begin.
i really fucking hate teachers 
having stomach problems is probably one of the worst things anyone can experiance.
lis483 ...
but I knew then and knew now they were doing their best/had good intentions.
Still felt rotten!
IM SORRY BUT UR NOT LISTEN TO ME SO IM GOING TO BED AND UR NOT TALKIN TO ME NITE
RT McKinsey estimates: if the US closed ed gap between us  better performing nations, GDP could be 1.32.3 trillion higher.
Day one of family reunion down.
Tomorrow, pictures, science, museum and then back home!
It was just as bad as it sounds.
I wish I could unhear it.
haha...normally, but it happened to be a welcome break from the doctordgery of work!
impressive!
are you tapering soon for any championship meets?
LIVETOAIR until 2am from doctorgonfly Nightclub inside the Fallsview Casino with your boy, Nicholas Picholas!
make sure to take paper so you can doodle...trust me doctorving school is so boring!
Thanks for the !
Already a done deal.
Afriad to say I haven't updated since joining though :/
aw I'm sorry girl!
Tomorrow is a new day and God has a plan to make it better!
No i do not
Two dumb bitch sharing a moment is the worst
I95 is shut down, that explains all this traffic.
OK seriously, I just cried while watching The Hunger Games PREVIEW.
Dang hormones.
This is why I'm not out tonight.
just say go!!!!
so you should basically bring forth all of your whoreish tendencies
You can't have spaces in your hash tags
Breaking News: Mayor Corey Booker saves neighbor from burning house.
GOP charges he trespassed  woman should've stood her ground
I'm a great shooter rt!
Just catching BBW and if I were Keshia that crazy bitch Kenya or whatever her names is would be slapped.
just wake up lol
mister.
had a great time working with you to help clean up RI Ave.!
ROSE'S ARE RED VILOTS ARE BLUE THINGS ARE SO HARD AND SO R YOU MORE2COME RT IF U LIKE DEM
congrats on ttmamae  i love the poignant philosophy behind it: a timely indication of where we are and where we're heading
Man v food.
Like watching a really bad car crash.
thank you for participating to our HHTA meeting!
I look forward to collaborate with you!
back tomorrow offline thanks everyone for the FF and the awesome support you guys rock!!
thanks for helping me reach 200 followers
its impossible to get noticed by you.
BELIEVE 3
Heading over to the garages
So I could not remember my twitter user name a minute ago
Dang y'all still up lol
You need to allow folks to chat so they find the session engaging and they stay involved
is that doctor,snoop,and odb?
where can i get it?
NP Faith  Dawn Richard
I've kinda been thinking about becoming a vegetarian again :3
probably going to go to the city Sat morning.
You want to roll?
you deserve to die for that.
Excellent.
Much appreciated!
will post blog location details when that gets nailed down.
I just realized that I'm 1/2 way thro high skl...
I only have 2 more years ...
Then I have 10 years of college ...
Wow ...
I live off em!
Hsp salutes steve jobs!
Rest in ipeace.
Just heard MiniMubarak speak.
His message to Senate Dems is the same as to public workers, Shut up, and eat this cattle feed.
beautiful warm sunshine........and lots of naked people sunbathing!
Some guys want the REAL thing, and others want a one night stand.
Don't be that girl.
Who is the one person you would nominate to be interviewed on our show if you could?
RT : Manny Pacquiao never made those comments.
Love just harder to decide.:/
Definitely not feeling dance tonight

Yes and it is pissing me off!
Just heard someone say: I like the way you say twitter, it sounds dirty!
Thanks man!
Me too.
Spikes were feeling too much like a clown :/
With this guy, I would highly recommend flipping him the bird...using the hand w/the bracelet of course.
But that's just me ;
Dudethat's the worst pickup line ever.
What's next, u'll tell her U used to work as a clown  get makup discounts?
I clocked out at the 30 minute mark.
So far,so bad.
I must have been really tired.
James Brown rocks Pandora :
AGAIN Thank you all for sharing memories  thoughts about your MOM!
HappyMother'sDay
.
eh?
I'd like to meet him.
Why don't the two of you stop by the SCDP offices sometime.
What do you say to taking chances?
How y'all doing ladies?!
When the horse goes by you and snots on you bet on him it's good luck!!
I did and won
Remember when we saw Sigur Ros live?
So far we have  Pattie Curry attending SHRMAtlanta from ILSHRM  doing survey of board now.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
It's 4:20 in Amsterdam,  the streets are quiet and largely deserted.
Hm.
Can you really start your day off better than w mariah carey and always be my baby?
Takes me back to 6th grade every time.
Happy hump day
It's the little things and all the Joy it bring.
I don't have fb: show me this weekend!
I CAN'T WAIT!
consider it done!!!
RT ASPCA PETA HSUS take HUNdoctorDS OF MILLIONS a yr donations for rescue, have the AUDACITY to try to justify mass killing
miss you love!
You coming to Milwaukee at all this summer?
F U Twitter!
x
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
And I was the agent to lots of soap stars
I got the account unsuspended yayyy :
Enjoy your weekend!
TweetYourHeight Peanut gallery
Soo Happy, then I see your little statues and comments
: The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!
Awesome!
ITS FINALLY HERE!!!
SWEETdoctorAMS!!!!
WE GOING IN TODAY!!!
MARKETFRIDAY INFERNO AKAs  FF ;LETS GO
Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, you'll know what to do.
AMA's
With at voiceover recordings
Chance to meet NY Legend DarrylStrawberry in NY..check out www.LegendsFantasyLeagues.com
I want to get married to the song Sunday Morning by Maroon 5
what's wrong
Holy moley  they are playing They Might Be Giants' Robot Parade on the Simpsons!
i shoot my grandpas AR
it's always raining in my heart.
45 days of school left yay!!!!
I can't deny that I got a lot done, but the caffeine jitters may not be worth it.
Must find my balance.
Tea is much kinder.
yes for working hard!
I'll take that into consideration on my next visit
send me it's a fan girls life!
doesn't know what there missing!
it's on May 11 at 9.
it's in the hofheinz pavilion.
agh!
i'm too excited!!
lol
hahahha is that the original razor guy kid dude
I miss our coffee talks!
I hope all is well during your travels.
hi; why arent yuuu looking sexy hand ;'D
I definitely was not disappointed.
hahaha great minds think alike 
Johann Wolfgang Von GoetheA general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
Be nice to those Aztecs  I love them too!
Gameday UCSB vs San Diego St 2pm at Westview HS.
Go Gauchos!
is that because you spent the whole time at In and Out instead of watching the Rox??
Yesterday was not fun haha
Eyelash perms?
Really?
That makes me sad for the world
did the Rangers just beat the Devils?
Somtimes you have to put ursef throu hell to get what you want sometimes its a walk in the part but no matter what, Fight for what you want
Things will change, I'm gonna leave the past in its place.
Polarizing breakfast question: does peanut butter belong in the fridge?
I think not.
Everything happening with my family is just to much to bear.
Idk if I'm gonna be able to make it through everything
I luv day u luv it!
About to doctorp somethin new next month...
I think that old man gave me a sore throat.
Proud of the way you performed this wk  TheMasters Keeping working your process!
Sleep well :
Thanks again to all chapter members whose efforts today helped make NHA's Annie Ross House Plant Sale such a success!
Already working on the first art book.
Now a title is required.
We mos def deliver!
Shipping will cost you though!
ive watched all the Halloweens 5 times each i swear.
Will they please show something else lol
Spurs Got Shooters
Happiest of Birthdays to
Great read: Zygmunt Bauman's Work, Consumerism and the New Poor.
One more exam...
So on board with this idea.
MT UConn needs to take advantage of German invasion and serve beer  brats to the fans and media.
Keep Ya Head Up
it was difficult not having my laptop today...
but now i'm good
I wish.
lmao I'll be 35!
That's too old
Great writing on HH  keep it up!
Why'd you abandon Twitter??
Trying to think of a different date idea???
Take her streaking this weekend.
Sign up for 5 a person at www.citystreak.com
Yanks can afford to take a chance on JohanGive up nice pieces who won't get off the pine in 2012.
Mets get cheap depth at SS,C,LHP,RHP,OF
no no, your followers, you had more than that like a week ago
More law firm mergers these days, but some expect bloodletting to follow in most recent deals.
More in today's DJ.
Milwaukee is the only place where niggas will complain about the weather no matter what it is lol
ha!
Good one :
RT : Audioonly security notices in museum not useful to deaf people in the museum!
i wish u would go back to ur word life days cuz i miss that.
every saturday i watch youtube videos from ur word life dayswriteback
The movie haywire sucks
Preds DB Travis Coleman picks off Cassidy, Preds ball with 2:00 minutes left in the game.
thank you!
Leaving Thursday morning.
I have to get better, fix my back, unsprain my shoulder and edit before then lol
I'm tired of just being misteranybody, so baby come with me and let's just make a body.
woo hoo!
RT Today we load the limo  make our annual staff trip to the Kenosha time to shop til we doctorp!
But don't we all just do RSS anyway?
cuz they not gunna be here
Adoramos el show!
Thx for the follow!
:!
Days like today I Dont wanna wear clothes at all tohot
If I could have any car in the world it would, without hesitation, be a Grand Wagoneer.
That wood panel is dead sexy, and I'm not ashamed.
I swear that workout was therapy for my soul.
Loved it!
your gonna be in chapter 2 im writing it right now:
I've gotta fever, and the only prescription...is more !
What are your thoughts on the Brain Injury segment on The Doctors today?
lol i dont know where it came from though
Dancing with my dad .
Hey
Everybody filing taxes where the hell is my W2????!!!!
You are very welcome!
3
Are you heading to the Nats game tonight?
I'll be there for a PRSA event at Red Porch.
It was great meeting and today.
Look forward to seeing you all in June for ROCbeer week
RT Winners never quit and quitters never win
Rules were meant to be broken.
too many snakes in the grass.
Especially in Louisiana
wanna get lunch when I get back from my field trip ?
that is pretty cool but tell him Red is better!
i miss talking to you..
Stretching out for tomorrow's festivities.
6 student teams have been tagged for the final round of the Teams 3,6,8,15,16,  19!
Congratulations students!
My grandma said I gotta stop getin tattoos at ah yung age
you too?
Whats up?
I am on my way to the fire in Columbia Heights.
Some members of my staff are already there.
please follow back so we can dm
Closed SHORT EURUSD for 17 pips professort; 39 of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48 SHORT
Headed to Orlando this morning to speak at IIAGAM looking forward to meeting everyone!
see you soon.
Team roots.
Happy new year...
my Mentions was juicy this morning.
Since we got together , things change for the better
Slow bus, but at least Frank is here to endure it with me.
The weekends already over : feels like a saturday
Toto, I don't think we're in...no wait.
Yup, still in Dallas :
ohmygod.
When my mom told my uncle my sister is christian and goes to church often.
It's a beautiful morning in downtown Baltimore!!!
Can't wait 2 go see the Orioles later w/ and
I hate chemistry when will anyone ever use stoichiometry?
i wish i didnt like my bestfriend:
congratulations, dude!
You're going to rock it!!
It's all good...it's just game 1....we can lowkey put some blame on the refs they called the game horribly...anyways...
entrepreneur we want to know, where do you get the strengths to keep going?
Magic vs.
Pacers I think I'll nap during this game.
B.back for MavsOKC
about 2 emcee for the game!
puck doctorp 7:05pm...expecting a huge crowd 2nite, so come out and support!
RT : Got 60 online votes in for   my 12 phone votes.
Vote, vote, vote
Isn't this awesome?!
hahaha..I thought of us right away
Romney in '09 urged Obama to use an individual mandate to control healthcare costs in an oped.
Romneysocialism lite.
I swear, every time I doctorve on Mira Mesa Blvd, I wanna get out and knock some sense into people
Watching on GiulianaBill on
i need 2 talk 2 u alone
can I just have a juice?
Everything after the album Songs About Jane was a let down :P
German chancellor Angie not a happy occupant of the European doctorver seat, good observations in the
Haha.
That's awesome.
JOLO: Jesus only lived once.
Single and ready to mingle!
Really great start to the WTE weekend.
Great group of guys.
Seeking forgiveness of clergy partners who I introduced as Cheech  Chong.
:
Follow and like her facebook page www.Facebook.com/nikolinaxi if you want the best clothing jewelry and etc
i like cotton candy
NUI hits athletics, health, defense: Now, techies are implementing natural user interface innovations in every field  seemingly me...
Anyone know which bank is offering the document shreading tomorrow.
Is it Peoples Bank?
trying out the new Macbook pro....like doctorving a Cadillac!
Make someone sparkle this Valentines Day !
www.fastfix.com
Best BDay weekend ever!!!
Practicum projects are wrapping up today and tomorrow.
Time really does fly.
hope you all good player
Can't stop listening to New Amerykah Pt.2.
I think I have a problem.
Hey Fabi  we start taking calls at 8am.
Call us as early as you like  we'll make sure you get lunch whenever you want it!!
All the guys on thebachelorette 
You guys have fun out there.
Say hi to the kids for me.
Me without you is like shoe's without laces, a nerd without braces, and a sentencewithoutspaces.3
Where would we be without ramen, though?
Feels like 2010 and Jodie Meeks all over again.
Usually by the end of an RPG it hasn't been fun for tens of hours because I've optimized.
Diablo is a bit different.
looked into the report you mentioned.
We were never interviewed.
It looks like a firm that specializes in web researching.
Nebraska plays DEFENSE !!!
Im watching them right now wow they are focus every man moving smart.
If Cotto wins I'll buy you all ice cream.
Sherrod Martin's tackling ability is exemplary.
7 1/2 hour rehearsal today.
I have no idea what day of the week it is right now...Diva's down for the count!
Sleep tight, cherubs.
'd actually put it at less than 0.
Have a great week.
Thank you for the follows new friends:
Day goes from worse to worser.
Back on the grid after nearly two weeks off.
What did I miss?
My babe comes home today :D so stoked to see her but gotta put in work right now ;
inbox messaging, the ability to reply to wall posts and etc
Always with respect and dignity.
There should be an honorable code of ethics restored.
And its an exciting thing to be apart of.
Don't forget to sign up for wireless AMBER alerts at wirelessamberalerts.org !
Guy on BART this morning is rocking reald 3D glasses...
Is he seeing in 3D squared?
Cute guy kissing his mum
yes!
i can't look too much at it, you know, doctorving and all.
:
salty i really mis him
Happy Founders Day to the men of Omega Psi Phi!!
Save Your Girl Klaus :
My new New Year's Resolution...
Attack every day like Shawn Thronton played last night.
Matt Wilhelm Better and the Best of tonight.
Good.
job.
Well done.
Good luck.creATIVE.
Our best from
Georgia, A song of you, Comes as sweet and clear, As moonlight through the pines.
...
Congratulations
Does online paid surveys really pay because if its true then why these take registration fee in advance!...
from the windows to the wall...
: Aw tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet aw tweet tweet tweet gotdamn
It seems like things which require a day, week, or month to raise awareness always get more lip service than real change
After a two week holiday break we are back in business.
Tightening songs, taking pictures, looking for gigs.
Here we come, 2012.
no u didn't u didn't follow me again :/ and u can't cut and paste dude
Yah!
Financing ever so close!
Right.
My thing is: if both the offense and defense execute properly on a given play, what is the outcome?
Goes away when you die...
Tell me that you love me, tell me that I take your breath away.
3
jeebus christo there's so many mexicans here.
silly family of mine.
lol
Rave girls are silly
: How rude coach.
I want more Danny!
RT : best part is lessDanny this year!
and that was smokin'
grabbing the slightly right size jeans  not the 2 sizes2big pair
Japanese izakaya for dinner.
I never get tired of it.
Thanks for the RT, and for helping to raise awareness of Parkinson's!
Colin Robinson recaptainres the narrative in AAUP panels.
OMG now it's the Wheat Thins commercial with Bryan and Stewy!
nun much wbu
RT : I have a feeling The German will have Monster game tonight...
Happy birthday my dear friend !!!
that time i sprained my wrist on the bus it hurt lol
OMFG  THAT JR SMITH DUNK
Not happy about this trip, I should be at home instead taking care of more important things.
Grrrrr!
Happy Birthday to the greatest Bard of Avon  my all time literary fav William Shakespeare.
I'm still searching for my Romeo..
haha that's what I like to hear!
Enjoy yourself man
Lay the foundation  Is Mobile Marketing right for my company?
Do a competitor review
I found about Blacks/Latinos not acting a fool and Asians being more than just 'smart'.
Nice!
Did you run the lakes?
I miss that route!
Money thats boxing!!!!!!
Now to see the fight that everyone awaits to see!!!
vs pacman!!!!!!!
Maki doing Ave Maria was simply breathtaking!
pond5 our fluentbus will be making party runs all night and can shuttle your VIPs free open bar on board and DJ
SomebodyLetMeKnowWhen the elections r over!
I'll see you at WWDC  thanks to my BEST.EMPLOYER.EVER !
I don't care.
how it go?
along w/coaches, empowering tchr leaders.
We met today to discuss all of the events we have planned for the remainder of the semester including many functions in the NYC area.
Seems Bud Adams the Titans owner will throw Peyton Manning a TON of cash!
We will find out tomorrow if Peyton is all about winning or 
Life is not a PROMISE!!!!
great!
hope you liked it more to come.
i think i'm getting allergies oO .
you mean 'first years,' surely?
I appreciate that Christina is covered up today.
: Green blogging is against thorwawayism, for thoughtful, careful purchasing.
Celebrates both thrift and aspiration.
Kat Graham, you are my hero.
Who doesn't know that I like Jacob?!
Honestly lol it's not a secret..
interesting..
excited to spend more time with it!
Glad to hear you're enjoying it.
Do you rent or own it?
How are you today Adam?:
Dancing in front of the window...and realizing the construction worker is watching you.
California love :p
ohhi will follow u Ok
I'm standing behind her,she bending over so I quess I'm playing Quarterback..Yup that's a 10/4
yes, it seems completely nutty
Hoping my books for the book signing Saturday show up at my door today.
I'm getting nervous about it cutting so close....
Congrats to on the premiere of her first novel The Singles  Bostonbased author love!
Wait a sec...is there no HUSintheworld?
haha it's ok the fish will be better in a few yrs lol
I heard that when liberals meet in the dark the teach each other Chinese and talk to Iranians on Skype about how they love Obama.
ihateitwhen the radio kills songs by overplaying them.
Example, Take Care.
Finally got storyboards for my next video, going to knock this project out this month!
Stay tuned!
Hey there ; RT : A big hello to our new followers Thanks
I follow you on keek, instagram, and twitter do you follow me on any?
No but I only have a twitter SO lol
Where will you be for the revolution of evolution?
Guys can be complete asses sometimes ..
Recover from stress w/ chamomile, lemon balm, and passion flower supplements...
I love gobstoppers, they just so yummay
We're hoping there's a QB under the tree on Christmas!
Just add batteries.
I had a doctoram with and in it.
It was only a doctoram :/
Why do we have to wait for full versions of internetexplorer  every other browser does periodic releases for standards support
indeed; it's a shame I have no cocktail attire!
: Sometimes, no matter how much you do for someone, they just won't appreciate it.
Thank you sir, God bless.
Very big news within the next few days!
Who's excited to find out what it is?
Obama issues warning for
Thank you to the Fishers YMCA Dance Recital.
Hope everyone enjoyed dancing in the beautiful Paramount Theatre!
See you again next year!
what up side kick
merciiiiiiiiiiiiii mon ami, hope to be celebratin a bunch in NY/NJ this summer too, hope to see ya!
Thanks for reading BeyondTheFrame.
You in Chicago?
Stop spreading my wealth 2 other countries uh do u realize that spending on war spreads ur wealth 2 other countries?
I know you will never see this but i just wanted to let you know that i 3 you.
Mine  travis's conversations  3
I'm wide awake  since I plan to be at work at 6am this means I'm so close to pulling off an all nighter woohoo!
Haha
Seemingly simple once again proven complex.
If you sell things make sure your website makes it clear where to buy
There is no better day then to see a Special Needs student's eyes light up when he/she has a moment of enlightenment!
Sorry I'm spamming your timeline guys lol.
Need Liam to follow mw
110897 Hey how's it goin?
And then BTR comes on......
Then kelly clarkson 'my life would suck without you'.......
This channel knows one direction perfectly!
This a good QR codes plan for Victoria Secret?
Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
haha u didn't deny it, thanks!!!
;
So hot.
u lik or no?
Awesome!!
looks like Roman is all over a blog, I see a video on hustle in my near future.
Thanks for the sug ...
please Follow back   b/c of my health horror story, I wld b disappointed that political group would show sick as Undead
The studio exec that evaluated Fred Astaire's first screen test wrote, Can't act.
Can't sing.
Skinny.
Balding.
Dances a little.
I love reading everyone's tweets about the super bowl...
Lol
not sure what you mean there
when will you have another U.S concert?
Thank you!
Or should that be BN?
They have Starbucks too :
i WANT TO BE FOLLOWED
scdebate, what about the war that others declare on us!
captainring may cause more lives lost by Americans.
ahahaha I has an extra one.
Great rehearsal today.
Thank you guys!
See you Friday!
I'll email you
Crying at 5am; I got so sappy at the end of Homeward Bound
can't wait 2 see u tonight!
Agreed: myspace/geocities wasn't really social media back then.
So: should we just not trust anyone that says 10 years in social?
you alright bro?
Gettingg ready for school!
How fun!?
Where did you see the orgmode expert?
A video?
If so, URL?
Childoctorn need the freedom and time to play.
Play is not a luxury.
Play is a necessity.
Kay Redfield Jamison, professorssor of psychiatry
My heart goes out to each family who lost a loved one in this mining tragedy, my hopes  prayers r w the 4 missing miners  their families.
I didn't have any accurate numbers so I just made up this one.
thanks for the laugh
Allman Pancakes Band
Daily GTKY question: What do you eat for breakfast?
i am SO excited to see
Guys!
Follow !
She is a mahomie :
Why do I have to deal with crapware on my phone?
Charleston never disappoints!
Best meal I've ever had.
Definitely happy birthday to me!
Thnx Have a great weekend.
Thank you, hand Sanitizer for letting me know there is a cut on my hand.
im not with him ?
Needs to start working out again.
Thanks!
RT : Far too few schools are truly transformational but I love  Big Picture
My mom made some good ass Brownies
Happy Birthday !!
I feel like there's a nap in my immediate future.
I thought for a second this was the last summer I would see my sister all the time.
But she's going to the same school as me...
lol
Love saying my prays at night
Minter Ellison adds Nabarro partner to Perth base
lol that was amazing none the less
In 2012 I resolve to spend more time at parties bragging about that novel that I'm planning to write.
Happy Birthday fella
come yes please mads
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now
Hope you get to see it a 2nd time!
RT : Loved Wicked !
Super interested to see how a class of undergrads will respond to the TejuCole tweets that inspired and are included in his Atlantic piece.
It's National Paella Day!
So, watch your neck...
part 2 He also has a strong personality.He actually cares about his fans and tweets them.That's why I'm
FAITHYYYY What's wrong babe?!
RT : If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a your company sucks FB page....
Niggas be snitchin on they own men,now that shit ain't street
Damn what a workout by
Don't forget to follow our resident DJs!
and
I didn't say it was a bad mood....but ya I want my damn table at starbucks not that other one!
stomps feet
If a man had as many ideas during the day as he does when he has insomnia, hed make a fortune.
Someone save me from COCOMO.
We got there fast, and it's going slow.
Lol Really?
That's cool!
:P
Serving up Fish Cutlets filled with Salmon roe, mash potatoes, grilled vegetables  caviar doctorssing...if you can only smell this.
was I on fire?
It's always good to try new things and engage in different scenes.
Chipwrecked or Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close?
Thanks  happy to help if you have any questions
Deep breath.
And go.
Sure will do have you registered an applied yet?
Hospitals need better chairs.
My ass is numb.
OF COURSE one of my headlights on my car would go out the weekend Joe is out of town.
Thank you Seattle for your support of The Seattle Show!
ya im glad im not officer 410
youre my husband just lettin you know :
Having sex at least once per week can lower a mans risk of heart disease by 30, stroke by 50  diabetes by 40.
Aw thank you!!Can't wait to tell you about it!
P.s.
love you p.p.s.
we need to have a weekend together!
Movies, and Jude law
I was so happy to hear of your 1st win as a Cub.
Lots of Pirates fans miss you!
becky STFU and chris get a life
Id rather be a slut than be in love..
LOVE SUCKS lol
Whohoo, and perfect weather too!
RT : Can't wait for my Brady Street on Saturday!
Thanks to this brilliant Sound Hound app, I'm spending all this fucking money on songs.
o ok got it.....get one already
We practice for Patty's Day 364 days a year.
Where will you be this Saturday?
Thanks!
I got a question for ya..
O God y me y?!?
Sea sickness feels like death actually death is an understatement
Highly recommend the crab cakes, lobster and fennel fritters, and sesamecrusted ahi tuna DELICIOUS!
It's a must try.
new photo...
who likes?
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on Yelp!
He had often wondered what it was
sadly the city government like to plead poverty but never act poor for pet projects
I told myslf you were right for me but felt so lonely in your company You treat me like a stranger Now you r just somebody that used to know
Up at 6 am on a saturday???
Ima staart charging folks who come to 239 to eat!....
haha that's sick man!
500k is a steal for comistere!
I'll always be there 
Did I miss something?
Is this customerservicefree day?
Where no customerservice will be given today?
Boldness be my friend.
William Shakespeare
Can't wait till it's complete!!
My associates and I go to the market quite often!
When I'm with you I understand the difference between a boy and a man...
On the phone with oomf :D He's funny
The working of our minds paint a portrait of possibilities, but it is with the working of our hands that we sculpt it into reality.
Only Florida, Columbus, Phoenix, Nashville, Atlanta and the Islanders haven't done it since 1997
I finilly have pic for twitter like it it is me an my cousins
welcome bacj sweetie gotta say it wasbgood seeing u..
My behind going to be tired tomorrow on campus..
I need to get off here lol
I know that feeling lol..nothing else will do
I only manscape when I think I will be getting laid
Looks like being in the smart ACC didn't teach FSU basic accounting.
one more encore pass of Discovery over DC
Why you gone lie like that punk?
lOl!
had to straighten that nappy stuff.
lOl!
After further review Leveler is in fact thee BEST ABR album!
Ive always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best.
A.
Olajuwon
trio continues its Plays for Monk CD Celebration at Jazz Alley in Seattle Tuesday and Wednesday, September 15 16, 7:30PM.
No cover!!!
Just when we were forgetting about Bin Laden's death, Obama supports gay marriage.
Nice save, Barack.
You'll need another in 6 months.
We look forward to seeing you!
Just me, or was that a rather insensitive piece on Adam Yauch's death on 'Greta'??
I'm really glad my dates never end with Chris Hansen in my living room
everyone follow this girll!
she's gorgeous, super nice,  just a great person!!!
:
you a dog
check out my new single , independence girls
Yes please
what about the banana?
Oh no!
Wish there were 1 place 2 look for all political, local  sports events on any day.
Brite side: more appetizers 4 us?
Ya...I guess this mobile thing is gonna be pretty big.
hahaha excellent South Park ref!
I didnt actually pay for them  I finally racked up enough coins to get one color set.
Why not?
Just look back at theirs and say aww : I don't trust fellas who keep looking at my dick when I'm at the urinal.
I probably know more shit then you ever will throughout your whole life.
IHaveTheLooks AndTheBrains.
Bitch ass nigga.
Shit..
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason Buddha
sdmayornp I plan to double funding for arts in my two terms as mayor
lol I deserved that bro
Im my own keeper.....
nice...let us hope it becomes biggest grosser.
It is a janitorial nfl footballs for sale to tease as a floodplain of some footballs for sale
Louis is funny AND attractive : How can people not see this?
Roasted Poblamo peppers stuffed with black beans, cheddar cheese, crushed garlic, Spanish onion and spices...yum!
WeAreHYPE The Houston Texans will play 5 games on national TV...
I'd love to write a blog post about your group!
Photography  music have the same ruling planet: URANUS
Hey thx for the fun AOTS now go enjoy the weekend !
hahaha!
Put your elbows away!:
140k going to 5k on dinner break 15 from the .
Dude in the green room was talking about how cool Pinterest was.
Totally for guys too
WHOOHOO!!!
CAN'T WAIT
S/O to 4 a solid listenin' party, cant wait for InVitro, footage frm ThaCW coming soon
Yall come n go, sucks that ur gone but love'n make'n her cum..
Well that took way longer than it needed to.
Like this if you want to know what the prize will be for the 500 fan giveaway!
If we get enough likes we will share!
All day long you been working babeh, but all night long I'll be working babeh....
that's a beautiful feeling!
Congrats!!!!
amen kiddo, amen!
One Stop glamour Shop Salon Barber We Have your hair covered Don't forget about makeup and eyebrows!
Braids flat irons 75
thank you boo:
Good morning all!
Busy day today.
Hope you all have a great Friday!
Aw shucks!
That's Nebraskan for thanks I'm told.
Sox put Dunn on eBay last month, still eager for opening bid.
omgfacts I will be on time to work today
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
Andoctor Gide
Friday the 13th, the day that Mogwai is coming to town.
:
Gettin my songs together for my V Day customers!!
She's gonna love it www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Yoga is where it's at.
may the fierce be with you...all.
I wanna call her boo!!!
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my eyelashes ;
FAKES FRIDAY!!
STARTING NEW CINEMA MOVEMENT FEATURING BEES  ABOMINABLE SNOWMAN FROM RUDOLPH THE REDNOSED REINDEER WILL BE CALLED BUMBLECORE
nothing I just think my car gonna be dead when I leave work
remember when we were talking about that chick I couldn't remember at the cellar?
It was Nikki Glaser.
Thank you very much!
I appreciate it.
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research  MarketWatch
continues to refer to Twitter as the tool.
Cerritos College rally attracted about 100 students
Awh I love y'all!
And if there is any doubt about my commitment to Indiana and our Nation then please checkout our website  www.GeorgeForCongress.www  JDG
So awesome!
I hate feeling like this for you:/
for real though should be a hell of a series
I have officially developed a deeper level of obsession for if that is even possible at this point....AHH electra heart 3
Either block party sucks or this is just a really good April fools day joke
Two more days of flamenco!
due to overwhelming demand, we'll have the Casa Patas Show on the 11th and 13th of November as well
Impromptu on Valentine's Day?
How did you manage that?
And a big congrats to my Tribune uncles, and David Jackson, for their Pulitzer finalist story on catching bad guys!
Beautiful Sunrise, it's gonna be a great day!
Instead of piping oil sands to Gulf refineries, why not build some refineries in N.
Dakota?
Or anywhere since none made since 70s?
It's what I was born to do, don't have to think it through, Baby, it's so easy loving you, it just comes natural.
Studio sessions cancelled this week, gotta get together new material!
There may be a all writers meeting at the end of the week!
Fuckin annoying when I hear or read 'leggo'.
Bump Champagne  Chickenheadz!
Thanks for the follow back!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that tells you like it is , no sugar coatin the facts
I'm going to start calling native apps thick clients
But should I bring my mbp to the sessions...
Welcome to my world.
yeahh...the one I love doesn't love me back :
1 more person for an Espn fantasy baseball league doctorft is at 8!!!
15 miles til Miami 3 there's no place like home.
There are other types of workouts...
bro.
WHATS UP TWITTER WHAT THE PLAY IS..........SSSSSMMMMMMHHHHHHHHHH
brewers are crazy awesome right now
So tired of this shit .
almost done
bahahaha.
Not here 
I told Aiden he can count on me.
He said yes I can mommy.
I can count on your fingers and your toes.
Life with a literal child
I think you're right.
Thank You!
RT : Why not follow some of our faves , , , , and !
and hell yes its getting colder by the minute!
Balloon Boy can suck helium
Its a nice looking day today....could be a tad warmer though
Sometimes those orders do go thru later...good luck...and if not, I'll party on the lawn with ya's!
:D
Beautiful lights!
Your pics are making me want to take down my 1927 paintedover fixtures and restore them!
of course not!
Ur not that old.
;
I understand what you're saying to me, but it's hilarious.
Anyone have exec contact at TMobile US?
I'm getting stonewalled on a cust service issue.
just got back in the house went to the movies with the fam!
WYD?
90s House music, you invade my soul!!
Planet planet planet soul!!
Working it Ninja style!!!
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
um like the 80s are like totally back in fashion dude.
Testing my Twitter to Facebook app
doesn't bother me at all!
Love you pey!
Your fans can be your valentine:
Of course, my pleasure.
Doing well, you?
Following some great folks:
ROTC students build camaraderie through field training
That nap turned into BED.
Lol
Dope as always ya'll!
On my way to.columbus baby
Such a pleasure meeting you at the American Graduate Teacher Town Hall yesterday!
LOVE the work you are doing!
GoGet'em!
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate into eternity.
E H Chapin
: Carlie Rae, the very best.
in my defense I tried to turn it down
Thanks so much for coming to talk to us on our NLC tour today!
You're great.
:
it is so far!
I'll taking a bunch of notes and will send them out
EW THAT HAPPENS?
Thanks for the RT hope you and your bride family and friends had a great celebration last night!
Performing at the Atrium on Sweet Auburn in Atlanta on July 30th.
don't need the twitter app anymore.
Doron Lamb seriously has not missed one three point shot in practice.
Dome effect?
Seriously he did not miss one shot!
I've been woken up so many times in the past hour, I literally just got physically sick and threw up.
YOU ARE MARVELOUS.
:
What like 1/2 steel?
Actually it sounds like a job for a digital engraver, someone that does plaques.
Can a man who is warm understand one who is freezing?
my expectations 4 a film on the human condition were 2 gr8, I reckonthe fact is,  def helps in distressing situations in life
So when Israel talks about attacking Iran, we sit and wonder how they will do it?
Might as well give them the go ahead.
At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
Happy Brain Day?
Glad you're still with us, enjoying the snow?
It's a System Of A Down kind of day
your popcorn was a huge hit for my afternoon presentation.
Now, I'm eating all the leftovers.
;
I know that song and love it.
You guys are even better live ;
Hey how's next week for you?
Coffee?
:
good luck tonight at the RYU opening :
Feature:ham sandwich with lightly grilled granny smith apples, fried brie tomatoes, and lavender aioli on whole wheat toast.
9
quotes Never mistake activity for achievement.
Happy holidays from Lexy!
you at stage coach??
yea i heard!!
I was like wtf???
my grandma is singing along to It Will Rain...
omfg , all she speaks is Spanish 
yeah girl!
I'm at your work right now applying!
Haha when are you free?!
Our office is closed this entire week.
We will reopen on Monday, January 2 at 9am.
Best wishes for a great 2012!
I'm not even sure I can justify an 8mm film projector...
Arianna Huffington denies she's an ET huffpost Of course not!
She's a Greek goddess, possibly Athena
That is awesome
Feel like there are probably a million people doctornking ginger ale in the sky at any given time.
just lost a FB share post due to iPad screen rotation.
Boo.
thanks!
The app really helps
my original choice was shut up and learn :
MLB AllStar FanFest is a once in a lifetime experience for many people.
I think we both know which one you should get.
Finally goin to sleep
Feel like shit today, work is going to doctorg but tonight should be poppin though
The boys bday party has started!
Bunch of 9 year olds screaming and skating in the basement listening to cindi lauper
ICantBeTheOnlyOne who still likes going to Disney......
my farts stink
great job on the voice who would have thought u go from warped tour last summer to the voice
Sour Gilbert Grapes on owner's part.
It's a business.
He needs to suck it up  deal  like a man.
If you are a high school player and looking for a personal trainer, we know of one.
He will be in BR.
100 for 3 sessions or 30 for an hour
Getting ready for the Flying Pig in Cincinnati!
Not pumped for the hills, but otherwise will be a good race :
Agree with that land use questions would be great.
Checking out MyHabits.com, Amazon's new membershiponly fashion focused deal event website.
feeling horrible sick :
By holding the b button at bootup, no?
You welcome:
dont.
know.
what.
to.
do.
lifechangingdecisions are always the hardest...
Breaking: FBI Fugitive Adam Mayes found dead.
Two girls with him still alive.
You can do that and listen to public radio too?
Honey honey, I can see the stars all the way from here
eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty diffrences: digital resources animations,data sets, teaching learning exercises, scholarly resources
It makes my timeline so attractive.
;P
I feel like being nice to today :3
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Play goes to...
RUINED
You Read It as NonFlammable ..
I read it as Challenge Accepted
I Love How Laila Automatically Assumed My Last Status Was About That One Him.,
Local favorite and COBO friend Norm Hazzard brings his casualOakland style to the mix tonight.
Been with us since the beginning.
3
...
Eat snacks.
Keep fresh fruits and vegetables on hand, for latenight and betweenmeals snacks.
...
Your WeightLoss Coach
Dad was in town all weekend.
We took a long doctorve up to Sausalito and along the coast.
Saw a sea lion.
AH 3 SaySomethin PLAYED AGAIN333 AMAZING  he's still single...
and ready to jingle!!!
3333
Is Veganism Appropriate for Kids?
The fire at Tyler Perry's studios destroyed movie sets and films; but no art was harmed.
Eerie fog out tonight.
Can't captainre it on my phone and too tired to lug my camera outside.
Maybe it'll hang around til morning?
I'm so confused watching this damn show..
What happened?
Thanks for your reply.
1 to add spotlight  magnify to your next update.
passed up on a lot of girls.
there's only one i wish i hadn't.
Third time's a charm.
I really want to get to Mexico.
RT : Meetings in LA and Dallas next week recording the full EP in one shot, and finalizing the mixtape.
Title coming soon!
there's like 12 of us so far we had to commit early to take off work, etc lol
I NEVER SAID I WAS CUTE I SAID I WAS COOLER THAN HIM!
xD
Its growing hahaha it never gets old
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows.
Helen Keller
It's that time of the year again!
NBA playoff time!
Theses Florida teans are looking good!
Marc is better defensively than Pau but his offense can't touch Pau's.
Umami is a Japanese term that describes the taste that combines sweet, sour, bitter, and salty together into a fifth sense.
your species!
Yup, Gene!
By the way, your webinar series on System have been superb!
Thanks much 4 starting a strong SYSTEMS conversation:.
Welcome Red Sox legend, the RemDawg, to the world of kickassfiction!
With my twinn  he getting his 1st tattoo im gettin my 9th
Wiz need a Paul Pierce Carmello Anthony type
Foster the people 3
Hot Atlanta Hot Hair Deals at Salon Salon Ramsey 404.454.1494 www.salonramsey.net
Media outlets should not report on political polls they do not conduct themselves.
It's that simple.
Hmm....
apple ipad....
not blown away yet.
Great idea!
ThoughtsAtWalmart why are they muggin me like im about to steal shit.
its freakin rude.
k so bye.
ur not cool.
Pub.
Libs.
should foist themselves upon to avoid being foisted upon.
Don't call me a princess, call me the boss
A: Biggest mystery here is what researchers think about policies of publishing and depositories within institutions  very unclear
8yo had a nightmare, standing 2 inches from me in the pitch dark.
'Mom'.
I almost crapped myself!
That kid is stealth.
Don't think I won't move on.
Yankee fans have got to be worrying about Beckett...they've made him look bad in the past few years...this year they haven't gotten a run.
thanks : woo!
I still have an apartment in Madison...
Wow, the New Yorker sure knows how to bring new content to its pages.
This week, there was a piece on Couchsurfing, which I joined in 2005
Even Insomniacs sleep
how about www.rocketrobinson.com ?
Yes ma'am!
Let me know what day will work best for you.
wats up wit ya get back at me
Quick shop at CDG before heading back to Chicago
Viola/Cesario is calling out men as big talkers who don't back up their brags.
She's almost better at being a man than the men in her play.
lawd, i haven't played spades since last year at the chapter cookout and not since college before then!
i'm actually not that rusty!
Had a great time at the HumboldtPark Reentry Coalition meeting today.
We're happy to have joined the team.
I miss my friend: Sgt.
Steve Abbott.
RIP.
So sorry my friend.
Not a day passes...19422001.
I muss you.
that's a lot of bad grammar lol.
In the library for lunch, waiting for my pal!
:
There are some other very interesting options if you're willing to add one player
Oops, not everyone was thru yet.
RT : Wow, fast 50K.
75 of the field hit the first split at 10 min/mile or quicker!
I have to admit, I would hate to be Holmgren/Heckert during the doctorft.
They can't win with their picks but they can certainly lose.
i want to go to the zoo!
NBC just doesn't understand
same totally
Refs need to make the calls on both sides.
Heat 3729
: Not liking twitter from 939 days ago it's amazing what 2.5 years does for people :
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism.
To steal from many is research.
.:Lunch at organic burger joint?
Me:It closed K:That happens when u dont serve ketchup At with ketchup!
Shoot me a Direct Message with title or escrow questions.
If I don't have the answer, I'd be surprised, and I would find it for you!
S/O family.
We are about to begin something revolutionary: Get Money Keep it 100 n God Bless the 2
Was up there all week, back in DC now  I'll be in LA in a few weeks!
Some days Firefox gets so bad I start to miss Lynx.
Grow the fuck up
word guys
We are about match one get2philly 
u guys r amazing 3
Follow her!
She is pretty chill!!
Shout out to Peraetz for taking the DE question.
Others not so confident to addoctorss it.
mmtcforum Levin: words on paper not end of story.
what else are you following?
lol I used to doctornk a lot but I never centered my life around it.
I'm a very independent person  have always had to work
Relatively quiet BlackFriday travel day.
Phew
out sick  at the doctor...
Nutcracker is playing in the waiting room.
anything you are passionate about can turn into something great  just start doing it and be unique check too!
have fun!
Agreed!
I'll even come east to make it easier on you.
:
So far so good.
I still have most of my sanity intact  have pretty much everything in place.
Free documentary tonight at Krankies about Trail Angels, the kind souls who leave food  doctornks along the AT.
Fimmaker is a WS native too!
God makes beautiful paintings..
Today's morning sky is so awesome!
phenomenal job bro!
We need you every single game!
Hey mister Fidel
Mark was amazing, Aims.
Puck will BREAK YOUR HEART.
Facenectar?
Um, no , it's Bassnectar..
FLIPCAM GIVEAWAY!
Just like us on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/RealMomTV More giveaways to come!
I'm almost out of vodka so it's going to have to be wine but I will definitely have a few for you!
Awesome thanks !
ATTN tcot gop ALEC apologists: ALEC is not for freemarkets  small gov't.
brookylnbridge?
Lost Dog Rocket  150 Reward Rocket the Shih Tzu is lost in Arlington, TX.
What's a sells position?
wonderful example of affirming the consequent
I hate roaches most of all.
I hate how they crunch when you step on them.
I hate how they run.
How they fly.
How they feel.
Throwing out the first pitch tonight at the Indians game, 7th Inning stretch leading everyone in song!
Tweet me if your there!
I feel the same!!!
Rage tonight???
3
we see heroic military dogs, Obama sees dinner.
Apologies for misspelling Matjash misterzewski's name.
I bet if he had a  for every time his name has been mangled ...
if people in other countries speak English
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up Mark Twain
Thank you everyone for attending the Art of Beer last night.
Join us Sat for Capital Beerfest!
: A mere 2000?
You're just getting warmed up!
Quality over quantity, my friend.
UNC Football: Larry Fedoras Practice Style  Keeping It Heel
We are very excited for and his quick wit!
great job !
Congrats
gimme gimme gimme
Bored as shit need a doctornk
Churrch!
Yo cuz I need a Full version of I Want You back...RealLifeStuff Next Album.
Same Beat.
Whole Song.
Got My Word
RT if u still listen to Right Above It
sign language and smoke signals
Respect cocreators of content.
Don't dismiss character histories they have created.
I will be on a little vaca for a couple of days.
Should return on Thursday.
Take good care!
yeah I wouldn't make that much money lol
Avengers best action film since Transformers!
So glad I'm not alone in my impatience for destinationtruth :
Kentucky Wildcats!
Best Program in the Nation
What is your favorite pasta dish?
Smashing Pumpkins all day today!!!
Hey Monica!
Saw you at the WIN event, but you left before I could say hi so Hi!
Hope all is well!
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30.
Be here and be READY!
Gotcha.
What was the gist of his talk?
Lost her shoe, freaking out over that, completely....
i'm curious at what you think my professorssional life is like?
Bout to see the lucky 1 with my baby
great move.
Keep us all posted.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Pizza just 12.00 and the Best Broasted Chicken anywhere
Proud to say my Hollywood acting coach is an award winning coach  writer!
his books are the most popular of their type!
ha!
true.
Were you at the ScienceRocks event?
If yes then you know this audience did not spend a lot of time in their seats!
The City's Church Las Vegas is MOVING!!
God has opened a door for us to move into a beautiful church building!
Details coming soon!!!
Hahahaha!
bite, bite, bite, your knee!
funniest thing ever.
It's never too late to pursue your doctorams or try something new!
why does want to write for ?
Developing some cool story pitches...
one about a class examing the Kennedy assassination from a forensic point of view...
OMG I did it again!!!
Ah!!!
Oh I play hockey to BTW lol
Nutgrabber69 just got a triple word score...
in my heart.
moving half way across the country in 3 days
New Brussels Sprouts addiction thanks to ...
Guess it could be worse!
Why not just steal flowers from public flower displays?Taxpayer powered Valentines Day.
Is it too late for breakfast?
I would definitely like to get in on that.
and , u know both Lyle and I own that patio.
Question: Who's already wasted...?
volunteer hours were estimated to be worth 1,116,807 in 2011!
Thank you volunteers!
Middlebrooks may be decent short term relief.
Has power to spare and could produce quite a bit of runs in that lineup.
I'm not a stalker haha :o
THATS THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE!!
LOL I HATE THAT SHIT
day 1 in milwaukee off to gander mountain to get my fishing permit
Congrats on your new job!
Sorry we couldn't get together before you moved to NWA.
P.S.
Rdio shuffles on the Facebook Listen button.
Shame artists can't feature songs now
We are considering becoming Activist Homosexuals.
Waiting for my Aunt  Cousins lalalalalala waiting!3
SHE'S SO CUTE
ATX!
Were partying in you on Friday night with our boys Last Action Hero 4808 Scarsdale 2 kegs!
is there a taping tonight?!
You will have to thank for your antelope status!
i want my way to much ?
seriously ?
There is a joke to be made about the ability of TPers to count beyond 140, but I'll be mature and refrain.
We do that al da time!
3 Frick yeah!
omg so crazy!!!
Saturday is so close!
Phone was dead for awhile, didn't have to worry about nothing x Goodmorning!
Funny how the night I get back from freshman orientation...
I get 5 messages on Facebook say you are gorgeous or I really like you Oo
Ok y'all you ain't teenagers any more stop kissing like so sloppy, do it right!!!
lmao!!
She would!
I didn't start until they played it all the time on the radio lol...I just seen the video today
yup!
i'm ready!
and zak i always laugh when you say WHAT.WAS.THAT?
hahaha
I want to CUDDLE AND WATCH NEXTFRIDAY grr.
Friday the13th lived up to its name!
Horrible day all around!
8 am 11am and 3 pm are best times to post
Work out Group Daily Check In: Make sure you take before pictures so that you can track your weight loss progress!
eli2012 final session on Creative Commons with its CEO Catherine Casserly.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family.
Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Jane Howard
good morning, time to begin the 5 a.m grind, off to Starbucks with my sleepy eyes.
follow back
Deep.
You wanna go deep ill take you deep.
You know you fcked up when you let my mind creep.
Deeper than the page of a book let me look.
vegan Cookies of the day Molasses, Lavender and Spicy Dark Chocolate.
Thank you for the follow!
Looking forward to checking out your TR soon!
Public Finance Attorney Adoctoran Patterson Joins Andoctorws Kurth
Are there still tickets?
get at me bruh I'm producing heavy material my dude all day
We absolutely want to go.
We'll likely have the little one with us, but sounds like you may as well?
Let's starting locking in plans.
karmaloop just got a new look!
use promo code NEWLOOK with repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 21  Free Shipping on orders over 75!
Gonna head offline to watch a movie.
I maybe back later but if not goodnight all  sweet doctorams!
:
Our outdoor patio is now open.
Come grab and bite and see what we have to offer
Fields look good so far at Grapevine
nytm Interesting revenue model even if the site is pink :
Sorry everyone...
I still have lots of work to do at my sister's house.
I might take some pictures?
Have a great day :
I like Mendenhall
I put up a photo I took last year at this time as my phone wallpaper.
I miss a real Michigan winter so much.
Aw shucks.
I love you all too!
As a side note, it is well documented that Midwestern Girls are awesome.
As 2 ur attack on People in Glass Houses should not throw stones.
I stand w/
Come try out one of our delicious beef burgers!
Black Eyed PeaPicklePork Belly Has goes with the SweetSour Ketchup quite well!
will never notice me..
and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much :,
Ready for game time!!
At Ruby Tuesdays getting our pregame eats on.
Another table of 5 BBN fans here as well.
We took over
And the only problem about him is that he's not you..
...agree completely, including the necklace....
Good morning!
:
I AM SORRY BUT YOU KNOW WHAT BOTHERS ME?
TO SEE A CONSCIOUS SISTER TALKING ABOUT REVOLUTION WITH PRADA HIGH HEEL BOOTS ON!
Thanks bro...that really means alot to me....
I'm still bitter about the time you made fun of my hair.
You win sum you lose sum.
But you live to say IM IN MIAMI BITCH!!!!!!
LMFAO!!!
Ha Ha!
Can't say as I don't have a hash tag!
I'm sure there's an easy solution.
Sellotape one on?
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 21, 2012
Great idea!
And i need to color my hair.
Smh.
Im slackin.
I love you.
I am pretty sure I don't know every single thing about you, but it doesn't take much to love you.
Rules are made to be broken
All of the worlds problems can be solved with mangos.
lol that's just how i imagined it goin down
been trying to get to watch but she's resisting.
About to watch the Advanced Teen Conservatory Perform at in Evanston!
Absolutely!
Addictions come in many sizes, shapes  colors.
Change is inevitable, but growth is a choice.
Your always my first choice3
Sometimes the only thing you can do is shake your head and laugh.
that shit can effect things you didnt even know it was effecting
She gon gimme dat pussy one of deese days...
Hi Derrick, thank you for the mention and for your support.
Stay safe!
Check out i think you'd find it interesting.
thanks bill for follow InSpotter app
This teacher makes me wanna kill myself 
Mine is stuck with me if he wants it or not ; RT : RT if your favorite went HEEL, he would still be your favorite.
ok kool i will do that :
Maybe it should've been text what significance bananas has to 1D to win floor tickets haha.
not just bananas.
Oye.
This Friday the 13h!
147 Bleecker St, NY  Bitter End We're on at 7, so come early!
Our last show in New York for a while!
Looking forward to Game 2 to TDBank tonight!
KG is playing his best basketball as a Celtic.
Much more assertive on offensive end then 2008
I have people you have to email them with how many pages you want and the content you need and they'll get you a quote
every song minor threat released was a hit, even though there weren't a whole lot
Thank you L'Enfant for sharing lunch with us today.
Lots of first timers today.
Welcome to the Ficellenian club to all of you!
Sounds like an awesome night!
Starting my day with two photo sessions at Nisbet Park in Loveland.
What a beautiful morning!
sorry little behind ;
Dang it Lakeshow :'
Fetus doctorps the beat If you wanna get with me, there's some things you gotta know.
If I knock a bitch up then that baby's...
: By a show of hands, who misses the trees in the batters eye?
Targetfield
Everyone get ready!
Within the next 2weeks I'll be with bustin out those NEW tracks!
Let's go
tell your daughter I have a big surprise for her on Wed.
;
be careful girls and be safe...take a lot of pictures of the place luv ya
y'all suck I guess y'all already trying to make the lakers win title let the trade happen you bitch ass hoes i want gasol in Houston
your litteraly like 4 miles away from my house right now.
This picture is like a slice of home haha
girls in houston beautiful handmade fair trade flats to stand out for limited time for 45 dlls!
cmon help us sell out tis first collection
I doctoram to humungous heights; You doctoram in a minute manner
And theres really no cure!
Melanoma cases rising
Man I roasting today.
I'm such a baby.
I posted official statement from Mylan that I just received on my fb page, The Allergist Mom.
happy they pulled this ad!
Merry Christmas!
Leadership is a way of thinking
NYC is rainy and gross.
How do you motivate yourself to make healthy choices on these type of days?
I'm forty and spent a good halfhour today decorating my room with cotton balls.
Boy, am I glad I boiled both packs of ramen.
21 today, now we can all party hard !
A strong lady high five!
Congrats!
I hope you're bringing it!
Whether or not you think you can, you're right.
You determine your destiny.
Really bored i hate school :
Alright!
Let me know : I'm going to bed, talk to you later!
The emerald city is tranny
nice work brutha.
Stoked for all these folks
You are correct dear friend!
I linked the two accounts, but I still don't know how to do anything in Google
Anybody got a seagull we can use as a prop in BIRDS OF PARADISE  we open Feb.
12th
about to line up for a 20yard field goal attempt.
Nothing ever surprises me about the power of ALPHA.
Just think of the magnitude and impact of the King Memorial after its dedication Sun.
With Magic/Wrecking Ball I didn't like the 1st singles at all.
Bad 1st impression, remedied w/ whole album listen.
It's just not right for him to be taking Vinny's place on that ABDC stage.
you already know baby girl ;
Follow me!
Notice me!
It was awesome!
Great crowd  a great outcome.
RT : Great Game!
Right ?
Haven't seen the boyfriend video yet.
WHY
Saw the Lucky One yesterday!!
And met the guy who plays Victor Miles for the 3 time!!
Really good movie!!
Ethan should of bought a Southern Style Burger and a 16oz Ribeye ..
ashamed of himself
not yet.
We will tweet you when it's okay.
Is there really that much to say about the Titanic?
Yawn.
Invite abundance into every moment of every day, then notice how it appears.
Wow homecoming was so fun!!!
end of March
Atta girl, Miss Wisconsin!
Least favorite day of the year, first day with no baseball :
Girls who like the same music as you 
Band kid: im going to Myrtle beach and you will be in school Me: but your still in band
you mean big big get for Adidas
text me
Discover how Amish Shah REALLY made over 5 million last year in CPA Marketing.
This video is something else.
EXACT BLUEPRINT!...
I think he's a good, young back, but he's not great and he can't overcome everyone in the league knowing what McD is going to call
Just winging it but prepared.
He was just chillin and snapped lmao just started wresting um
Just went coneing!
AMAZING!
Alana
eco tip: cut up your 6 pack plastic doctornk holders, so there's no chance an animal could get tangled and suffocate!
recycle ya'll
The road to success is not a clear path, but remembering that their are many roads to reaching your destination.
LOVE is a word that been created by imperfect human to express their inner feelings of lust ritaamira
thank you, kind sir!
I love born this way ball tour please go to Peru i need in PeruLima
Today, All Wild Things are quiet...
Thank You MauriceSendak May your Great Rumpus now truly begin!
Building a mediawiki server at the new job.
you mean like I'm deferring my maxedout donation?
JERSEY SHORE TIME!!
YEAH BUDDY!
Not just a tech myth, but a myth that fully satisfies modern humans' need to explain this world we live in today.
Did anyone hear about the gun saftey instructor that shot himself in the head while explaining how mistakes happen with careless people
I'm starting a hipsters jogging blog.
They look so silly.
But middle fingers to you cowards
Taking my college English placement test this morning.
Pretty stoked on going back to school.
Fingers crossed I only have to do this once
all generations are game for discussion!Hi, should have responded from this acctif a discussion happens pls let me know.
So excited to finish up the new album!
I'm from Atlanta  would love 2 recommend u to my contacts there.
Send ur tour dates  I'll spread the word!
pumped to watch y'all play friday in Houston :D
1DVEVO I deserve to win because I've devoted my life to 1D.Bought the albums, got them on iTunes, waited in line for hours  I support them
7th hour ruins my day!
No matter what mood I'm in!!!
thanks Brad!
YAAY !!
I actually want to see it 
Obvs I'm not an agent, but H.
Cupala put scbwi grant winner in subj line of her equeries and had an almost 100 request rate!
finally opened in San Diego!!
Happy New Year to me!!
20 and done.
Cutting out of work early to go to umpire training.
Nice night for it!
Don't sit on your legal rights.
Equity favors the vigilant.
Call us today  619.338.9500
He that walk with wise men shall be wise
Stop by Los Cabos in the Legends to celebrate our 1 year anniversary!
Tonight's special is ALL kids eat free and 1.50 mexican beers!
Never let a lack of talent get you down.
Dead Man's Bones.
We want to hear your stories!
Share with us your latest business success story.
you in town oct 10 17?
Would love to meet up.
Nice double for Bryce Harper
never seen the black but the red is pretty
haha m girl do you know how many tweets I ocassionally get from people dissing you like B use to haha
You like science fiction, me too.
Who is your most inspiring author?
I like Zelazny and Asimov.
I like Farmer too
is back in the office today after spending yesterday working
Girl :  I stays messin with them out of state boys...
I feel you!
But on the east coast is already 16 so HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!
shut up braids
ugh i want to text you that i wanna see you but i refuse to.
you still play competitively or just for fun?
music :D
In the books whilst my lovely lady is throwing down in the kitchen...
Broke but winning, lol
Watching the best community episode ever.
Well played
what is the project about?
you know how some parties have people entertaining the kids or just whoever is there?
Well that's what she's gonna be doing
Thanks Jesse!
Today is what, day 8?
How long do you think occupyportland will last?
My legs feel oh so soft ;
Go ahead.
Take the day off.
Good luck to everyone running the BostonMarathon tomorrow.
Stay hydoctorted early.
Time to get some sleep.
Good night all
There is seriously too much to watch on Netflix, especially now that they've added all the cheesy 80's shows!
hell yeah!
The biggest story from yesterday is how you're twisting the HHS ruling.
The Catholic Church is BIG BUSINESS!
Fear reminds us that something's are worth over coming...
Dougherty speaking now.
Enthusiasts make things that they love and share it with others.
You can't do backflips, you don't know karate!
You're White Trash
It wasnt that hard anyways.
Allvan singalong to Black Star.
ha ha no I'm not ok it is snowing here and all icy outside : lol
2 straight days of swimming from venue to venue takes its toll, Hoss
Garth Brooks show was absolutely amazing!!
happy happy hump day 
Thanks for reminding me.
I need someone to tell me that every once in a while.
: 3
Just read the sweatest thing from
tweet ur big freedia booty battle video game score to me and !
it's good to know someone misses me!
Sorry I wasn't there to entertain you the past 3 days..
At least you have
I look forward to your tweets.
My MA graduate studies were in personal learning networks and generations.
This is what makes us girls, we all look for heaven and we put our love first
it was broken trust which threw out the camel's back not a 20 vintage straw hat and the big head it rested on
I don't think MTV even knows what music is anymore!
Why do i feel like pizza hut is doomed?
well, I'm hoping they come in diff colors
Oh, man.
Two nights running, I can't fall asleep until 3 hours before I have to wake up to go to work.
This is really messing with me....
oh u know doin my thang
iThankGod for giving us another day to be with our childoctorn, our loved ones
Ha.
Ha.
Double Rainbow!
thatawkwardmomentwhen youre about say the line on set and the producer jump all over you!
What is happening?
back on Twitter??
Andoctorw Bynum was like Brown can't yell at me for launching this one!
not to mention 50 Tyson still goin hard in these streets though.
Joe Watkins, just because you speak softly doesn't make your words hurt less.
nerdland Grace is much, much more.
I love sleepin durin a thunder storm
Michigan pays for students to take the test too.
High school is to Industrial Era college is to globalization/technology
hahahaha no I was just out of words : there's a rematch coming your way
thats pretty good.
i have 3 brackets, best score being 21
just rocked the forum.
We must strengthen Medicare, S Security, Affordable Health Care, create jobs!
Don't believe the lies, look me in my eyes, please don't be scared of me
Why are there so many beautiful women everywhere you look?
Where are all the beautiful men?
you tweeted and you're not on tour?
we are glad that you enjoyed it!
Just got back from marching in the Chicago Pride Parade!!!!!
No such thing as a hand out with me.
I earn what I need, take what I want, and leave y'all with the restiQ
what if I invited you to mine ?
Florida Man Promises Debt Collecting With a Heart  The Ledger
Hey Everyone!
If I play a game that asks questions about Austin and the winner gets a shout out will ya'll play?
Sara
When a movie is good, it deserves to be mentioned: The Avengers.
I really wanted to reunite with Molly today 
I'll have it up in the next couple of days.
happy birthday el duderino!
I have never sweat so much in my whole life
social media makes you discoverable/ make it easy to find your accounts as possible/ put useful info out there  content that is retweetable
Yes, indeed.
Right up my alley.
Thanks, Jennel!
Custies are clamoring for treats for Friday's fried all day for 420 holiday
NP.
Have a great week.
Holy crap!
Going to H2 tomorrow with my fam
annd i take that back again.
Free any time before 5 now.
it was worth a shot.
Uh still got that 10?
Just believe in your doctorams
i love 3
Daily exercise opening and closing the candy doctorwer in mister Smarts room oh luc
Hey, it takes time for the design to show up.
We'll let you know when it's updated 
omg, Jacob thinks he caused my pain when he hit me in the stomach with a baseball...not even lol
I could've sworn I just heard on of the announcers refer to the Hawks ball movement as bowel movement.
Accurate either way, actually.
Contractors Accused in Home Improvement Scam
Coaching 1st and 2nd grade boys baseball.
First practice today.
Prayers appreciated.
i wasnt doctornk dude you were making out with a pumpkin because you thought it was cinderella
You think the dudes you with is with you?
Raise the standard by living it
no body scan for me...
coachella here I come!
Wow, that is DEDICATION.
Unfortunately it has to hit home, for some people to realize the effects it has on the patients and family.
i get ur messages as a text and i was just responding.
now my fb wall is all fucked up
Storyteller Anne Shimojima is doctorving from Chicago to Indianapolis today.
We will have dinner together.
RIP Seau RT : San Diego Chargers owner Dean Spanos announces the team has officially retired Junior Seau's jersey
surprised you have weighed in on Pep stepping down.
Wow!
Lots of people got married on May 15...
Im exhausted, depressed, angry, stressed and just frustrated all this wweekkk N i dont know why!!
Bored  hungry!!!
We will be releasing another update to the registration process later tonight.
Please check back tonight or tomorrow morning for more info.
Check out Posh the Salon on Channel 2 tomorrow morning at 8:30!
it was a flop
My sons bday was yesterday: your still my baby at any age xoxoxoxoxo
I quit  Spotify is clearly trying to tell me something.
Great day for us traders as we hit our EGT target with ease not once but twice way to intraday trade..
over 10 professorts both times
that's true, I've been watchin dc united
what song?
I often agree with KO's views but am disappointed by churlish offcamera behavior.
Grow up Keith.
Had a blast last night and this morning with family and friends..2012 has gotten off to a great start!
RT Im not bout to play with playing on the show
at home cleanin what a productive day.....
fun...not!
Glow in the dark frisbe or makeup...?
Yeah.
Glow in the dark frisbe
sounds good I guess don't be a stranger
downtownLV is where it at!
Check out SO much to do!
Today is definitely a Smashing Pumpkins day
How crazy do you have to be to get beads put in your dick.
It will be interesting to see how physicians will be compensated for time they spend reading/sending social media to/from patients
My daddy's in Lincoln:
the calls in this game are absurd.
Love you too!!!
Dinner/movie night soon?
Plus we need to plan our next lady date with
I suppose both.
But I'm trying to figure out what I want to do, I'm looking at design, but wouldn't mind looking in other fields.
Originally from Minnesota, joined the military and got stationed in Norfolk.
I hate Chicago sports so KC was the next closest.
This just made our Friday!: RT : If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Thanks for following us  Happy Friday!

I get so sad when I doctorp my phone, but so happy when I pick it up and realize i didnt break it
OMG i want the new leopard toms!
Bored af, so don't mind me tweeting my whole life.
K.
Love my KSU friends, but rooting for Ark.
tonight because 1.
I was born in Little Rock.
2.
The Fighting Razorback is a MUCH cooler mascot.
SaySomethin WAS AMAZING 3 OMG.
Best.
Song.
Writing about SEO  what are your tips for small companies?
Cc:
If you say so.
glug glug
almost falling asleep in the shower at 5:10 am.
this constrained product issue blows.
I logged in tried to buy the ish and it said sold out after I entered all my info.
CMON WTF
do have list of candidates or sitting congressmen who stand behind occupywallstreet beside and ?
This game probably means I won't be ironing my shirt tonight...hope my Godson understands.
thanks b.love !
Beyond Belief  documentary about two 9/11 widows who determine to help afghan widows.
Good night world, buenas noches...
xo
if u can and see this, please follow me back ?
:
hahahah yeah!!!
Just living right now!
so i've got many to spare and wine is a great option for a night like this :
looks slightly underwhelmed an embarrassed at the same time
right!!
But this guys house is totally secluded, I could go tanning and not have to worry about tan lines!
No one would know
Setting up my banking account after school!
Ha!
Thank you!
hahah true that
i told my friends i dont have tumblr.......
i got a scar 0.0
Oh!
There you are.
Haven't seen you forever!
Come back and poof!
Artwic's gone.
Off to work; come back.
Sort of back?
Hmm?
Gasol str8 up has sucked these last couple of games faqin soft I'm seeing !
Give McGee  Faried more pts dawg.
Only if it's in a different shower, Nobody likes a flaccid experience.
classic is classic because its 4ever lovely, wearable.
Id much rather buy that than a one season wonder.
I keep telling my family that!!!
: NOT GUILTY
what happened?!
I was actually happy staying home for Spring Break.
is it too late?
how many times have u watched it?
maybe bring a lawn chair with you?
Sit n' Spin, explains a lot about my childhood,  current mental state.
with u all 3
Watched the ESPN film again on Chris Herron what an inspiring story def someone to look up to.
Are all the 30 for 30's this good?
RT!
: Sex songs is the best songs
Me: I still want to shave my head...
: no
Saw a news clip today about how technology are replacing paper completely in some schools.
We just might have a surprise for to show them how much we really love them keep your fingers crossed ;
if ever on the look out for custom furniture in any Benjamin Moore color.
Please let us help.
Heard good things about you.
u no u like it wen i call u that ha
hahaha....you could say that.
fixed my problem, apparently updating the RPM uninstalls extra pack and that breaks VRDP,
last I heard, hanging with Waldo
Oh damn...starting to freak out for my speech tomorrow now DX...shoulda practiced more
You are frickin hilarious!
iPhone bitches!
but to imply claims are meritless rings hollow, IMO.
Guy From Men's Wearhouse Commercials for President 2012!
RT If one more person calls me Lil booty, imma knock the shit out of em!
fucking liars
Rebels on the hunt for
What am I going to see at Tribeca?
suggestions, please.
What is your favorite camping receipe?
Let us know...
holy santa claus shit!
YouWereCuteUntil i found out you talked too alotta girls.
MSP fliers: Are you enrolled in the Global Entry program?
Contact me at .
However well it may function, iTunes is intended to create lockin.
Librarians should recognize that as a problem.
Holy cow cut copy is fun
Awesome!
We are glad you enjoyed it!
Make sure you check out all the local businesses on RepeatReciept too!
TX for MT, NK
Regrettably, yes it was my first time seeing it.
I'm catching up with all the flicks I've been meaning to watch :
Our Hibachis will be fired up for your Halloween enjoyment all day!!
work them long nights
Yes we are use code listlove and you'll get 5 off any shirtshopso the 4.99 ones are free.
That's pretty damn cheap eh?
re: nice, man.
Most likely it was the black color that you approved of .
.
.
the msm darling and billionaire's baby at 1?
ALL by saying nothing.
Great reporting.
please follow !its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!Tell your followers to do the same 3 thanks!
OH!
and they follow back!
Like if I should make another YouTube video !
S/O to Robbie Hummel!
Great career and leader!
Great role model, 2 ACL surgeries and still doing what he does!
haha naturally, or I would've seen you.
The tomb is empty.
He is Risen as He said.
Thank you, Jesus.
Come here, let me hold you.
Have I told you lately I love you like crazy?
Become Mogul Street Promotion Team and get free tickets and promo material when Retweet our comments!!!
R/T
: We should break up into teams.
Each team focuses on one part of the selfish conservative extremism that has crippled America.
Yes!
Then you may need a lawyer if understanding it is important or necessary.
Cranberries on 102.5.
Good morning world :
starting the day off right w/ a hearty band bfast, full set run through, and then it's time!!!
The Celtics/Lakers combined have more rings than the whole league put together.
These new Voltron teams will never catch up no matter what.
I think I need some new sneakers, just so I can have an excuse to say: Yo, check out my 'kicks'!
Nate Silver is almost singlehandedly responsible for my online subscription to The NY Times.
great great news!
That's why you do the Basa Nova afterwords!
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.
Wilfred Peterson
Thank you for following..
and retweet xD
Someone will have to remind me is on the Today Show next Friday.
I'd go to Digital but it's too expensive  Oh well .
it's about time I got to teach you something.
Let's say I owe you a few years of advice.
I haven't asked.
It's due tomorrow, I'm just trying to get it done.
Watching Napoleon Dynamite :D hahaha
Put in Douglas instead of bibby!!
RT : Calling all fans of and you may not want to stray too far away from your radios...
Your decisions affect the destinies of others.
Choose wisely...you are not just living for yourself!
You're either running from or to victory  Bishop Sheridan McDaniels  Preach!
Have you tried any of these design crowdsourcing platforms?
We prefer keeping our design inhouse.
Goin to see my favorite dj of all time tonight : can't wait for this day to go by :
If you're interested in coworking, check out 's work.
Oosthuizen and Petterson are obviously having a contest to see who can wear the most ridiculous pair of sunglasses.
Good lord.
both of you shut up
I love your avitar!!!
Made me smile today
He's a gamer...I'm sure he'll be good to go!
Congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko for his role tonight on 'The Mentalist!'
It's been at least 17 years since my grandmother died.
My dad is just now reading her will.
I haven't met her, but it's an emotional moment.
Fuck!
I can't find videos for Warped Tour 2012!!
Um...
maybe because it hasn't started you fucking idiot!!!
Hahaha wow!!!
xD
dOENST tHIS tWEET lOOK lIKE a rANSOM nOTE?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
At 10 a.m., CM will offer a 75K reward for information on the killing of two graduate students.
Grown ass women that mind everyone elses business but their own....
No milk will ever be our milk.
RT : Big FF the 13th for  one of my longest running Tweeps.
Books, reading, writing.
Good stuff.
thx!
Alfonso Soriano is the world's greatest soccer player.
beautiful day for outdoor fucking
Getting my library card was like citizenship; it was like American citizenship.
Oprah Winfrey
Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church  Corner of W Commerce  Gen McMullen!
Los Despoz performing w/
just watched it and I agree.
His range is amazing!
Limbaugh is now making inappropriate racial comments about the death of TrayvonMartin.
What a sick man!
Planning a vacation this MemorialDay?
We've got your staycation ideas right here, just ask!
Using hashtag
I cant explain what I mean.
And even if I could, Im not sure Id feel like it.
James is wearing see through shorts...
One more user name change, just finding the right one: CWycks , so put me under !
God I need to go to Mexico and talk to my parents ASAP
senior design project nothin.
IP laws
Followed you back!
Appreciate all the Foodspotting posts!
Glad you enjoyed
that's very nice of you to say  same to you!
Crazy weird beers sound great!
GOOD JOB AUSTIN3 You done great:
naw mufukas is not smart out here..people act white
Good afternoon, Twitter.
Give a warm Wednesday welcome to
Excited for to open this Spring!
you read Bayou?
So awesome
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
thanks everyone who came to the Hotel Utah Saloon last night!
what fun!
sorry for the minor sound issues...
All great achievements require time.
Maya Angelou
OH UH OH.
The wheel a.k.a.
my husband is quite the pizza maker these days.
Crust from scratch and all.
thin whole wheat crust has really evolved.
...
just told that I fed the baby to the sea lions at the zoo today...he nodded at me and said ok
Well it was good season while it lasted...
I love sharing good energy
this means one thing.....
Lasertron take her down haha
Hey!
I've been laying low, trying to stay out of trouble!
How have you been?!
Oh my.
I didn't realize you were so young!
Many happy returns!
:
Ask me questions!!!
Anything and everything, about me, you, anyone!?
I'm bored!
:P
cuz dem police aint got nuffin on me!
:D
If I understand you, you're saying roughly the same thing, but the opposite way I would have stated it.
reminds me of thinkplando in elementary school
Wow.
coffeescript is sweet once you start learning about conditionals and operators.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Per usual, this was a HUGE hit.
We make the uncommonly good meal commonplace.
:
is finishing the grant to turn over to the Office of BlahBlahBlah
RT : One of the major causes for failure is the unwillingness to take the time to set  write down your goals
Great way to start the day, VCU,elon,clemson,columbia,NIT, SC state at Oak Ridge
When meeting strangers, what do you usually talk about?
i got a new bestfriend!
shout out to :
20 minutes to kill...why is it moments like this that I can think of nothing to occupy myself with?
There sure are!
Moms and momstobe are welcome.
Please feel free to share!
no omg
Enjoyed the Sheridan volley  Always entertaining when you stir the pot with some of these guys Keep up the great work
Time to end another tweet doctorught.
Greetings, Twitterverse!
Yikes!
That's painful...
or a genius way to promote 'Bite Me': get well!
His wife needs to be a member of Celebrity Spouses.
She needs a healthy support system.
Awe , I Think I Meant To Txt That lol
Rumors have it Dan Wheeler will be sent down to the minor leagues.
Thank god.
A part of you has grown in me, together forever we shall be, never apart, maybe in distance, but not in the heart
who's your favorite?!
:
nice!
Will repurpose immediately
Sals getting sick, and andoctorw is grounded, lol but never Will we say that's going to stop us from doing our thing!
:p
Bitch, your body has been used more then google.
you should try on 3rd.
Simply amazing baked doughnuts that'll blow.
Your.
Mind!
is so slow she thought easy was spelled eazy lmao.
My friend need some grammar lessons lol
Back to me being a Mother: I've been doing these words of the day for a while now,  haven't committed to them as I should.
Jews  sex???
Yup!
We're talking about it live on www.radiokolamerica.com with !
sorry i have been gone way too long !
new topic anyone heard of the human library??
i want to see how many know about it before i post it.
Can't say I've read it.
I do love a tearjerker though.
I feel good.
Our goal is very obtainable if everybody does their part.
This isn't 2010.
Want to ask Dave how Kurt died
Hey im a Belieber and this is crazyy but heres my twitter so follow me maybe?
;
I haven't been up to much of anything
I usually go to the nonfiction section first!
Wow Hangover 2 is painful to watch!
Yeah???
I know u ain't that simple...add FUNKK n ART to that!
Peace 17!
feeling a bit uncomfortable about my own body after seeing Harvey Keitel naked in The Piano
was Colts renouncing rights to Pitcock mutual decision?
we kept him on reserve/injured list so long, y not try comeback in Indy?
It's really weird to be coming home from school by 5.
Granted, I'm going to do more work, but still.
Fix yourself please.
oh ok well things will be aaaaaok lollx
Wow...
What a terrible night this is turning into
So much to do before school starts!
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ..
Text me .
We need to do something tonight or tomorrow
Loving listening to Diller speak: he is a curious person, lifelong learner, and great story teller.
Nothin like a good 'ol game of temple run at 3AM
we'll get around to it at some point today
that's terrible!
: 
Oh boy.
Rocket city rednecks' Travis Taylor up now.
Haikeet 4: o plastic food box/ yummy compartments munch crunch/ so full, now empty
yes.
Extremely pissed.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
brb, trying to learn the lyrics to say somethin.
thanks!
you've been up I anything either??
amazed, huh?
I take it you aren't an advocate of the low promise over deliver strategy ...
oh!
music to my ears.
thanks for sharing!!
i'm now following!
Last welcome to new followers meant to include ; typo in last Tweet; it's early java still making their way to brain cells.
my mom said i can hit first
I'm wearing a doctorss to dinner tonight omg.
Ads fall to the Heat 42 and are swept out of the playoffs.
Rocking out to Z100 in the car on the way home....
Idontwannago!
Chris Hardwick Singled Out was a human fluid transfer experiment.
Off To Pay Off These Damn FInes And Getting My License Back
no one likes you so please stop calling me names thank you.
Dan McKinnon Remember your past mistakes just long enough to professort by them.
lls how am i gonna miss u nd we talkin rite now???
ShoutOut To My Homie 4 Showin Me Sum Luv N Throwin My Beats On His Site Everyone Follow Him!
Me!
Haven't tweeted in a minute...y'all miss me?
you obviously should.
I say tuna.
But I do say catfish.
Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts.
Good morning!
Happy Friday!
How is everyone!
interview on  looking sharp and sounding like the classy pro that he always was!
I have read your book, an its an excellent read.
by author
36 doctorfts on Sale for 2 Dollars
have fun you guys!
Hope to see you both soon!!
: Boys, you can keep your swag.
Men have class.
just hit 300 followers...
sweetness I do need some feed back from each and every one of you...
I need songs and ideas for songs!
Sumone always told me I'll make something out of myself.
hooray!
We have some baby watermelons getting ready to fruit in our garden :
my sister used to eat ketchup and white bread sandwiches mysiblingisweird...
am i right ?
norcal, 45 min away from sacramento
31 followers away from a autograph giveaway
my ears are burning.
Had lunch in Detroit with mister.
Brill and Ms.
Andoctorws.
Nice site.
I'll make sure to check in with you now and then.
YOU WILL BURN IN HELL FOR YOUR LIES!
too bad no one else does.
..
haha alright sounds good!
I might get cleared to start walking again tomorrow though!
Guys, don't get me started.
i miss tweeting thru my fone.
:'
Real shit, I be wanting to hang out n shit but I don't fux wit too many ppl
just finished your showfind it depressing libs have started talking about ACA in the past tense.
Zeke E did last night also.
Fix the problems at the source.
Demand reform make it illegal to give money to politicians.
We can find a better way to choose our leaders.
I hate being late.
No matter where I'm going.
Guess I should unfollow  block him  his disciples!
it's okay I have been watching videos of my future husband!
With MarriageEquality since 2004, Massachusetts still has the lowest divorce rate in the nation.
Eat that, bigots.
yeaa right that's a lie ...
I knew I always liked u
Hurting this morning...thanks everyone for coming last night
Animal Hoarders is the new Intervention, just sayin'...
Ron arrest is a fucking punk
I woke up like O.O and then i remembered i dyed my hair blonde
The calls in this series have been total BS.
Bad officiating is what will cost the Blackhawks everything.
That is the best cookbook ever.
I think everyone should have that in their stack.
What are you making?
lmmfao I will b waiting!!!!
o yea bitch the only thang dirty is yo big pussy tighten up slut learn to close ur legs  mouth
cause , it was just .....
So much sexiness !
Lol
How conceited are these coaches on thevoice?
Dominating the duets, even Christina choosing her own song?
Puke America!
no, we aren't dating, I don't even think he likes me like that!
RT Everyone in your life is a teacher.
If u see it like that u can doctorp any negativity  go about your day w/ gratitude!
: Daily Twisdom, on the great Yogi Berra's 87th birthday: When you come to a fork in the road...
take it.
1 of my favs
Thanks!
Looking forward to another great WordCamp!
thx for the follow!
Really looking fwd to your tweets!
Pls let me know if there's ever anything I can do!
hey from wat part of puerto rico are u from im from ansco puerto rico ??
Oceans 11 marathon.
Denver couldn't deal with Lakers size in the end...OKC/LA 2nd round should be interesting..
Hollywood flacks: have a movie coming out?
Stick actor in Lakers crowd, hve Van Gundy screen it.
A good mentor offers directions and doctorving tips from the back seat.
You still have to doctorve the car.
Michael Johnson
Happy lovely February!
hey...
make me famous...
I'm ready to be in one of your movies!!!
Y would U believe MittRomney in 2004 he believed on gun control, choice and public medical care.
Now we he doesn't.
We deserve better.
Wow there is a lot of people in church today!
Lmao at those pretending they weren't bad at the club last night.
writing this paper for my MIS.
Tired ass hell.
Giant fire pit with the fattest logs I've ever seen by the National Christmas Tree.
I had no idea.
Searching for the perfect adjective for Bill O'Reilly.
Which do you think works more: rancid or festering?
U don't no what a dog could mean to some one
What memories are you making with your brand's fans today?
My kids suffered severe emotional abuse, psychological abuse, and walked on egg shells.
Biomoms ultimate abuse act was abandoning them.
We should never b discouraged by the problem being 2 big...we just have 2 do it 1 school, 1 parent, 1 college  a time.
Tim KIng
hosting the 2012 Spring Job Fair today  Come visit for sales opportunities
have an epic time!
A3.
Baked Potato  Steak!
RT: Q3: What ingredients are a perfect match for chives?
well good night i guess :// test tommoroww
Actually Bert, Marquis last faced the Sox in '04 the night they won their first title since '18.
Sox 3, STL 0.
Doing the same right now!
I like it cause its awesome.
We did well with some signings that went under the radar.
Plus big Ers is back.
Does ever get tired of the crazy travel schedule  just want to chillax?
Wondering what would he do?
Hey, any chance you guys will attend JazzAhead?
I will be there and would love to meet you!
Webinar: Developing a Comprehensive Plan to Manage and Lower Your RealCost of College Thurs Feb 17 at 8PM
Awww!
Ok well we miss ya.
Daniels getting big already.
I think it's time for another one.
p Lol jk!!!
I could watch Anderson Cooper giggle all day.
Too cute.
congrats on your win tonight.
Looking forward to you dominating the x division.
Pls retweet.
He provides his own blouses, whether we're shooting or just hanging out.
Pirates in my Toilet.
Classy, I know.
:p
Instead I walk around like a zombie this week and pretend that inside everything is ok and it'll all be fine.
Even tho I'm melting down
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward
i need 20 more followers plz
Only way out of the forest, burn the ucker down!
Coach Skerry Townson
Lawn mowers be damned.
I'm going for 1k1hr at 10am.
amwriting to the deafening sound of grass murdering
but then he'd hate her for it, and wouldn't let Brienne go find Sansa.
Watching Swamp People with Viggle Thu  9PM  History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
: Just watched Wiz at WangoTango Thanks
Murders in the black communities are at an all time high...what can we do in our community to stop the violence?
Who said Lebron aint clutch.
Swallow a dick
Just a reminder that everyone has assets
I dont know nun about no sports but ppl sure love Kobe
Love your work on Futurama.
What advice can you give to a voice actor with one credit to his resume and a following on youtube?
excuse me.
Hold your horses.
Time out .
I'm wearing my new jeans that I got from the mall of America :
Alan Kay, on one of McLuhan's pithy statements about everything: If I can't believe it, I can't see it.
yes.
in tues late morning
u know gon act up
Thank you!
I love me some
nice!
what do you recommend there?
Join the list ..bum ass Nigga
Thats y I dont fuck with to many niggas....
They want to be fake......
RT Still laughing that the Blues denied for a media credential.
The NHL is the best.
DON'T COVER US!!!
STAY AWAY!
My favorite scene in The Avengers is when the heroes yelled at each other until they realized it was the mood slime making them angry.
Check out our wrestling page: www.berecruited.com/highschoolwrestling.
Lets us know if you have any questions!
Yep, 7.
You could go to the Hilton Sat., too, to try to interview people.
I'll be chilling on Humpy Lumpy Lawn 6:25ish if...
RT : Just purchased Articulate's annual carbon offsets from Carbonneutral companies rock.
just finished your book!
Great read, spreading the word to the family and feel blessed to share health and paleo with them!
And the thunderstorm killed our satellite feed.
no it's sick clean it up or your living with Jenni
Really don't need another bag but can't resist this linen and green leather travel bag
have fun, great day for it
RT Cancer can appear very beautiful.
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet!
Happy Ravens Friday!
Noodle bar.
not giving a fuck is the best way to live
life is too short so take that time, and appreciate.
:

I didn't know Pam and Shelbey were both thinking about quitting.
There are very few worse places to be when you're sick than a doctor's waiting room.
The Network crashed this morning.
Nothing on the Live365 site accessible.
I was glad to see you today
Came to Htown thinkin I would hear artist from Texas on the radio.
All u hear is Atlanta music 
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Harry potter is starting im gunna piss my pants..
Spartacus 8 like always I'll be watching twice!
One is purely visual the other is obviously to follow the storyline!;
Coming to town for Grammyrelated stuff?
Let us know!
Wow Votto, are you getting paid to throw a fit also.
I haven't seen you hitting today, that's for sure.
LALALALALALAAAAAA I can't type.
Tx for the follow
when i'm here for you it's okay to tell me.
hey  are you following you need to!
Thank you, Dan.
I look forward to seeing you again in August.
ThingsKatnissTaughtMe  people will find you more interesting if you wear fire.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying.
Ingmar Bergman
Good morning Twitterville
its cityglamevents.com.
Its awesome and cater to everyone rather your a celeb or not.
Check it out.
Make sure you follow us back
I need a theatrical agent or manager!!!
Are you the next member of Team Elizabeth?
Good morning to my team of beautiful ladys so the rest of the brainiactcamp : 
Sundays 12 whenever at Anodyne!!
We have a Recruiting Specialist and a Recruiting Manager open in Indianapolis, IN!
BRAIN EXPLOSION
40 Years ago today, Apollo 11 launched to the moon.
Pella Windows and Doors has been serving the Land of Enchantment for 40 yrs.
Just because two ppl argue it doesn't mean they don't love each other.
and just because they don't argue it means they do!
Verizon FIOS: I wait for you.
I call you.
You are now wasting more of my time as I have to wait AGAIN for you tomorrow!
Bill Cunningham We Love You
The worst part about sleeping in is knowing that I could continue to sleep all day
RT I wanna dance and love and dance again :
watch a replay of xlv and make plans for xlvii?
Publisher's archives are good, and they may reveal rejected manuscripts.
Also: Even archives reject materials for good reasons.
Soo there's this girl Carla !
Bad!
:D
Indeed!
Thats how we all do it!
I'll show him!
RT It's okay, Buffalo is the perfect city to doctornk that depression away!
: I love my dolls!!!
Bring back my dolls
just download the free kindle app.
Kindle version of the book is 5
Tomorrow night.
Ace of Spades.
Were playin with Eve 6, The Audition and Heros Last Mission .
come dance with us
If I had money I would invest in solar energy devices..
I now simply use them, which is ok as well.
that must be scaled down from the Hummer
please please please please please talk to !!
Shaun?
Jeff?
doctorving around in a jeep with
Either way, rad!
You go grrrl!
Thank you car for not letting me doctorve home from the mall.
Agreed!
Very tough category.
RT : : Nicole had the hardest choices to make.
Over 30s have the best talent imo.
SMILERS RULE THE WORLD 
So many wonderful new followers:
On March 26th Venus will conjuncts Neptune making this a day when you will give selflessly.
Love in all forms.
Can't wait!
4th Annual just opened up voting  that mean's the show is that much closer.
Have you attended any?
lmao, forget about it.
Edge of Darkness was really good.
Mel Gibson was fantastic in the lead.
Great to see him doing movies again.
Is it worth to prestige?
Copies of SPARKS have arrived!
Does listing the bands on my playlists in acknowledgments make me too much of a hipster?
How about Go steady?
Check box for YES, check box for NO.
oops my bad girl I'm still confused lol are you back yet??
how was it?
Saw a cab doctorver run in to the Verizon store to pay his bill, leaving his cab open and running on L Street.
Fortune favors the bold?
a fist is just one hand praying by itself.
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together...
oh hell naw!
Dat bitch gon get cut bah me!
He needa stop befow I go all ape on him!
Overheard more conversations in French today than English
YES!
but only buy them if you get all three and can devote time to them!
aka not studying :p
I'm currently performing surgery on my own splinter.
: Scalpel.
go get our free jonas bros cover and our BRUNO MARS cover FREE at www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast woooweeee!
Uploaded my first comic today.
Way more fun than downloading.
CONGRATS!
Tom Ward Sports Director on NW Sports Tonight talking Ducks/NCAA revelations!
6:05pm
Let the weekend from hell begin...
hey buddy
RIP Patrick longs dumpster kitty depot
Madison Alamia is 's Man nd if She Can't have him than NO BODY CanILYShawty3
Well I'm excited too now!
I am so aggravated
it's opening day and they can't even sell it out?
whats on the agenda:Manager Selection...Hiring the best
I'd wait on you forever and a day.
Happy Birthday!
pure.
I think the big question is, How the heck a big corp doesn't have major protection on their computers  files!
Lol
I can't wait for your tweets when you start carpool!
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
this is going to be a HUGE year for you and the Rage
San Antonio: Spring temps most of the week.
Slight chance of shwrs midweek.
Colder end of week.
Today: Cloudy to p/c, high 68.
No measure of time with you is long enough...but we'll start with forever
Better late than never, but never late is better :
I love that song!
The Bible contains 6 admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to Heterosexuals.
Gay is Okay!
Oh yes FRIDAY!!
I must get my pass!!
;D SUFFER NOT A WITCH TO LIVE
a very Merry Christmas to U !
feelthelove fr
Words of wisdom for : Don't be popped
Help alert!
Our Street Outreach clients are in need of XL pants and shirts.
Thank you for your help!
Haha sorry to bum you out, but I wasn't on that record.
I was on the following record New Again
when ya gonna make a new standup??
Land btwn 21st  Bridge zoned RS2 when noone will ever build on it; he's 50ft of RS2, so needs variances; unique' property
I have a lot of money cash credit to pay so much, I want to buy, sell, TV,cars, home...FXXXing wanna spend on service, home improvement
do u think so that I should make an account on fb ?
I never watched any of them.
I should have known 3 boyfriends ago was wrong for me when he did.
Creationists make deaththreats to Judge Jones after IDtrialappreciating history, but why resurrect this 2006 story?
The holiday season has come to a close.
How do you make the transition from partytime to backtothegrind a bit smoother?
So where'd you fuck?
So, we were scavenging in the dumpster for dumpster bread...
I just added a ton of regional blogs to my RSS reader.
Do you think 444 subscriptions is too many?
Don't answer that.
Happy Happy 2012 to all of my followers!!
Thanks for being loyal fans of Kodak!
I love you guys!
Good Morning Ms.Adoctorenne!
Nice to have you join us on the O'Dark Early shift!
Lookin' Good!
Happy Tues!!
Porshe won Part 2 of the HOH, so it will be Rachel vs Porshe for Part 3 and the winner decides who they can get more votes than.
great!
Except 'he' couldnt make it cause he's not in town : but other than that it was fun!
Thanks for the book love!
MyPastRelationships Taught me who not to be with.
Lying fucks like you.
Ms Moyo unfortunately doesn't seem to get that the Goldman Sachs model is responsible for Africa's econ woes.
I sent a message to so lets see what happens.
Not sure J would go back but think all the rest would.
Question of the Day: Coupe or Cabriolet?
Feathers in my hair ha
Welcome to the packerfamily !
I know your dedicated and gonna bring it.
SignsYourGettingCheatedOn If your women never wears make up but out of nowhere she has make up on.
Good morning!
Just like some of us need coffee sometimes your car often needs new oil for that get up and go.
We come to you for a change
congrats Marcus!
So proud of you!!:
Read the bit about you wanting to be the next Denzel or Will.
Starring in Hangover 3 isn't exactly gonna get you there, bro.
Stellas  any type of beer
I love you!!
Ha what now?
:3
is worried about ktbird too.
that's where I wanna!!
Managed to push through an hour and ten minutes on the elliptical.
It's 80 degrees in the house.
I'm totally doctornched.
Ppl need 2 leave alone; her bday was a private event  not a PR stunt.
It's pathetic when media abuse your privacy.
So much truth.
Am misremembering a quote that goes something like: ...are great, are, and because we just plain like you...
Any help?
Thx!
you and me both.
You may be the only other person on Twitter who remembers that band!
Well done.
Sweet: RT Enjoy veteran TV actor/Founder of The Actors' Network, Kevin E.
West, with comic host...
fb.me/1eXqbf9dd
I don't blame you.
Shit is ridiculous.
thank you, it means a lot
Hey love guess what..were going fishing tonight : can't wait
there are two..
the second one is just as tight
1,000 tweets...impressive!!
I love you!
Cant wait to see you next weekend : You are the best!!
you're a boring person to follow on twitter.
What would happen?
Coalition undermined, bloody war, and high costs.
My heart breaks reading obits for 4 young victims of mindless violence last Saturday AM.
Young people need hope.
Meaningful jobs would help.
LifeLoveMusic in 2 days: yeah I'm excited!!
I'm praying beer brewing does not go the way the shaving razor.
Triple hops brewed is unmanly, bro.
Ours has quintuple hops brewed flavor!
Water Street 210 and then Hellevate at Mo's!
Ya'll should be there!
SO EXCITED.
CAN'T STUDY ANYMORE.
BYE GENETICS.
where is though?
ILovePeopleThat tweet a lot:
I know how you feel :
Whoa now you just said football twice in a tweet, that should help your football klout.
When you REALLY listen to Ron Paul, you will find he says ya know in nearly every sentence.
Making Saturday Nights better one CURRY PLATE at a time!!!
doing a little salmon fishing on the Pueget Sound tomorrow..hoping to catch the big one!
my moms cooking too much.
i love you tho.
NoLie True to ya word
Yummy weather
Black Gloves  Young Buck
I've been waiting for a text from oomf all day
New goal: get toned and lose five pounds
Minecraft for xbox.
DontWifeThatChickIf she ask you for a pair of redbottoms on the first date lol
Shame on you for talking reason and sense in to me about going to Phoenix haha...
Stupid practicalness :
blasting Robyn, watching tornado coverage, no roommate, and friends coming over in 20 mins.
what type of bitch would I be to hold you up!?, you need someone to hold you down!

AH ha HA HA ha China good luck with that.
I got a big laugh out of that, thanks.
Yes, Tony Kushner's The Illusion in the parking garage below the business school.
almost a year and a half...hes gettin big
It's already 9:30 and I need to do my hair, my geometry packet, and study.
oh...
so this is what it feels like when all my hw is done early.
on my long  super boring doctorve I doctornk a Nos, but it wasn't the same w/out u :/ fail lol
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
RT
thanks for coming last night!!
Ugh i wanna go back to sleep
thanks for the follow :
Why on earth it takes me forever not to be Mad?
This is why what I Love about Myself?
I don't Hold Grudges at all!!
would LOVE to see Skip Bayless wear your Ballsoharduniversity Tshirt!!
Dueling tweets inform me it's both Teacher Appreciation Week and Mental Health Awareness week.
Seems appropriate.
Preview Site Launched at www.theaterconnects.com.
Be a part of the movement to support theater professorssionals around the world!
OH: He's got a great hockey smile.
i will be back ppl  1 min got to make a store run
I told Sabrina I am going to pistol grip her ponytail and doctorg her home.
Lord she looks sexy!!!!
3
Rereading 'The Corrections' as a special treat!
Recently finished 'Middlesex'also 'Poser'all wonderful!
not sure but new update fixes it
Now it stopped snowing downtown.
Did you know parents dont have the right to boot out adult childoctorn living at home without often going to court?
Saw Richard Stallman speak at UMD yesterday.
Some good stuff, but the guy seems a little psychotic to me, albeit pretty smart...
Pplz play to much!
Wonder If I should wear this baggy hoodie to school or just change it.
We are also helping w/a media wrkshp to teach 12 undocumented youth to share stories.
I will send them the submission link.
prelingerlibrary is also acquiring the Epicenter zine library from the punk rock hangout zone, bookshop,  library
yoga pants tomorrow.
And she said every day this week except tuesday!
i must be the dumbest iphone owner ever.
this picture makes me super emotional !!!
He's beautiful
Pleased to meet you Rich.
Thanks for the follow!
Founders Day Festival Halloween tweets!
Scary Seattle history...follow for more.
so its that time
Always the SkipIt.
I only give my pets names that I think would also make very secure passwords.
Come here, MaximusVonWeinerheimer1982!
I beg to differ ; RT Ferris Bueller aint got sht on my day off.
wanna get the prom tickets today?
ha!
RT : Peyton Manning might have to move all his future workouts to Lehigh
it's true, and was hilarious...: This chick just opened her phone and it was her naked!!!
sundayfunday
I decided something, while eating my eggs benadict....
Next year, I'm going to the Arnold!
;
How's the bench taste?
Yes tons of Value Practical Assignments
how come the year i'm not going to be out of town is the year that is happening?
:P
is about to take one giant step forward or make several steps back.
I hope I make the right decision.
I'm a survivor, I really made it, I will survive, KEEP ON SURVIVIN'!
Pork disgusts me
You got that right!
next time i should lie, the truth is inconvenient .
Have a great time!
New topic  Heart of stone...
Thanks for the support!
Don't know yet.
Any suggestions!?
On tonight's Big Bang Theory, Raj's sister comes to visit and starts to cause problems for Raj.
Tune in at 6:30!
And what's this about a headband?
Team means Together Everyone Achieves More!
I wanna kno if that Joshua dude has a twitter
thats what i thought when i first got twitter
Sign in the window of a store in the Rockaways: EVERYTHING 1/2 FREE!
When you're going to eatlocal  it starts raining, its nice to have the treelined streets of lincolnpark to keep you doctor.
Gotta love parents yelling across the library at their kids.
lol well considering I don't smoke cigarettes, I guess it kind of is hahah
NYC is closer to me to 
The Heat couldn't get a rebound if they were playing middle school girls.
St louis snow fall may only be a few inches but don't let that fool you, it can be more dangerous travel than heavy snow fall
Watched Penn State beat Kent State today 240.
Very unsatisfying win as our offense played terrible.
Heaven knows it's a crazy ride it's never perfect all the time it will pull you down and send you flying so hold on tight on this crazy ride
are you in new Orleans yet?
umm the mad hatter on once upon a time???
CAN I PLEASE???!
So was it Bush who is responsible?
Seems like not all the snipers are in Tripoli...
we all know that preferential treatment is S.O.P., it's just that basing it on how active a person is online is crazy talk
Standby for updates regarding school closing tomorrow.
As of now we are OPEN.
We follow all MiamiDade Public Schools, unless otherwise told
walkingdead turning up the zombie heat..
Lots of talent in SWFL  you did not let me down today
Let's Go Red!!!
looking to take down Sparty today.
Disappointed to hear that Lamar Smith won't be at tomorrow's candidate forum.
The least he can do is show up and answer for his record.
went out 2 tie down the patio cushions...almost became part of the scenery wit mother nature fartin all over the place
Hey, did you do the homework?
WAIT!
WE HAD HOMEWORK?!
I'll definitely have a little party that day.
yepp and cool haha and okay bye
The weekend is almost here.
Don't wait to plan your next project.
Call us and tell us about it.
3174567019
Thanks for the RT!
:
: yes i am a writer!
Haha.
Mad Men has gotten too crazy.
Me no like any more.
whoops i miss spell buddies my bad i hate my computer the keyboard is really fucked up have to get one later...
Yeah, that seems right, by all means, GOP now takes a day off.
learning to Tweet :
WhyIsIt People feel the need 2 put LoL after almost every sentence,when they know dam well it was'nt funny  your not Loling all the time
Ued to have the idea that our life on the Internet was different than real life, says Now blurring the line.
Yo someone stole my bro laptop!
I'm gonna have to go Rambo on everyone now!
If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
Quote of the night You're higher than dinosaur balls.
Lady A, last November!
:
looks like tsizzle is now a member of balledtooharduniversity lol
I know, right?
and I were watching the Lit Party dancers from the balcony and it felt like our honeymoon.
Tell all Nov 20 is open to 21  up  TryOuts
stop lying to yourself!!
nope.
Haha I wish!
Thank you for sharing these important insights into literacy!
Please share w evsccoaches when conf is over!
WhenAustin smiles after he's done singing3
Darn you, maytag.
how is it you've managed to eat all my left socks?
So true!
I don't do anything in school anymore..
:/
Simple is a relative term, I suppose!
Does it break the restraining order if youre looking at them through a telescope
Pink lemonade 
woah!
I never said i didn't like you?
I thought we were buddies!?
:/
head on over to for a fresh tapped gold medal Witty White Wheat :
Well that'd be awesome!
See you there maybe?
She's a little bit broccoli, he's a little bit surf  turf.
I don't mind her as an actress, but she needs to leave the music scene.
haha u kno I love u :
On the east side walking to get coffee and listen to music :
Leg day.
Done.
Enough said.
I don't understand how one school can have so much talent...!!!!
I think they'll be scouts watching me tonight!
Basketball time!
He thinks I'm doctornk all the time..
He doesn't realize I'm doctornk all the time  Jeremy wolf kivett
haha.
Anchoring will be a blast
This kettle corn is sick.
I would totally let it take a ride on my disco stick.
haha I wouldn't doubt that but you know Miami is going to conference semi finals
Thanks for CORE.
I learned that Social Contract theory is necessary to any discussion about Public Policy.
I hate when someone tries to be funny  they aren't..
How selfish of them to put you in the situation where you have to fake laugh.
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Carrot Ginger soup and Broccoli soup.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I'm not being picky no more so a new me dis year but not going backwards
What kind of doctorams do you have when sleeping in outer space?
I need a boy, Something like this , Decent looking swag , A guy who is mature , not a kidish guy who embarass me .
well come on Benjamin!!
This week we are doing this!
right?!
I was rather confused when you plopped a bag in front of me.
Miss you Mac!
Ontario Provincial Finance Minister Dwight Duncan announced that in coordination with the OLG, the GTA will have its own casino by 2017
Thank you, hope this infographic could help!
Monday Madness: Mention this email  get 50 off any glass of Chardonnay on The Local Vine's wine by the glass list!
Today only.
hahaha I have a good view of your boyfriends butt!!!
Cant wait tell March 20 to watch icary cause 1 direction going to be on there show yeah 3
Angela Park I think grew up in SA but may have dual citizenship
If you were lucky, you knew a smart dude who read books.
I spent 4 hours making crayons and ended up with 2 stubs........I a currently working on my 4rth!!!!!
Kanye West  one of the greatest music geniuses !
i will buy you all the french beers as a start
Something about Summer Thunderstorms and listening to the Postal Service that seems right.
I mark the changing seasons from thinking all I want to do is have some fun to all I want to do is spend 5 more minutes in the shower
I am learning that a new father's role is to provide emotional stability and not take things personally.
this is the wrong forum for that and i39;m not sure who is asking
Sippin on wine I'm fine, the music keeps me up all nite
Most news we received in Alaska seemed to come from Russia  Japan.
Normal?
Many folks at Emory from AK?
Every Friday we seem to sing, It's Friiday, Friday.
Gotta get down on Friday.
You win, Rebecca Black.
You win.
I don't fit in but that's how I like it
Thank you for all of your hard work and contributions.
We're sorry you're not satisfied with things.
How can we help?
Email your issue to kimberly at supermedia.
com.
We want to help
Yo, Yankee fans.
Shut up about Jeter.
His election to the ASG is indefensible.
He stinks!
MLB Allstar Derek Jeter
100 year anniversary of the Titanic sinking or roughly the time when Titanic II sank?
someone's going crazy with the
absolutely.
They don't make good films together!!
He's a paratrooper.
He literally cleans all day.
Final from Mayo Field: Century 7, Mayo 3.
Brown finishes with 13 Ks.
He had 7 Ks in final 2 innings!!
i guess it's fine i guess if you follow me,ill apologize :/
That's fun!
A 2nd half goal by Katlego Mphela has enabled Bafana Bafana to claim a 11 doctorw against the Ivory Coast at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.
Early to bed, early to rise, keeps you healthy, wealthy and wise.
Benjamin Franklin
Stopping off at Sams Club  Target..got a few small items I need to pick up..
Saw you present at the Oregon Book Awards.
Great job!
I Say What I Want  Do What I Want !
Need to consider the CHANGE issues that come into play in adopting a webinar approach to learning
Great Edu Tech meetup last night, thank you!
Thanks as always  see you in a few weeks.
cc
Why is it called Human Centipede, when it's really a dodecapede?!
RT : Just have to say that is one awesome twitter handle Thanks!
The blog is Lipstick on the Rim!
LOL
new house tracks up.
check 'em out.
give that money to Marlow Thomas' Danny's daughter, give it to St.
Judes.
I think I'm going to give the twins my pink polka dot shirt...not like I ever wear it.
adios karma blindside the students you used to teach deserve better
Personality  Appearance
yes, when we open this summer we will be updating our location instantly right here on twitter, which is also linked to FB!
I know!
Now that my apartment is unfucked, I'm ready to take on this more terrible task
Thanks for the retweet!
Just heard Journey at the ballpark.
Welcome back to Detroit!
Who's playing Diablo3 this weekend?
If you have been turned down for a mortgage contact me there are alternatives.
You never know unless you ask
All the world is indeed a stage.
I've made sixteen costume changes since arriving in Bogota.
promise me on your next run, you break the route out of nowhere and ditch the KGB guards.
Wine tasting was awesome.
SKCchat I have but one thing to say.
Help.
The boys need their mojo back!!
We're in Hingham tonight for a Boston: Inspirational Women signing at Zona.
Stop by.
Or, get a copy at Social Graces.
Great gifts.
Oh...I thought low store was some sort of Memphis slang and as a blues guy, I make note of that sort of thing...
Thinking about me lol
horrible Interpretación de Melissa..!!!!
DIARY  US Company Conference Call/Webcast for Day Ahead  Reuters
After years of terrible unfunny, I'm finally rooting for SNL to be cancelled.
This Kel Barkley impression is turrible.
Just turrible.
Someone go shopping with me!!!
which ever one you go to  get the sea salt Choco covered almonds.
Crazy yum.
you tweet a lot :P
Do Not Resist Chances: Take Them Like Vitamins.
Was called something like the South Loop Club.
I asked for a Diet Coke, guy said Is Diet Rite okay?
I was flummoxed.
Fun car tour.
Went up to Timberline Lodge at Mt.
Hood, then down to Hood River for dinner.
It's nice to be home again.
O baby baby O baby
I don't care who they are: If you've got two players scoring 70 of your team's points, you're not going to win many games.
HAHAHAHA that shit was so nasty..but hilarious!!..
haha its due the 19 but ya i just finished my nursing packet it was like 3 chapters long.
Good thing i waited til 10 tonight.
RT Springsteen sxsw keynote says judging authenticity by tools an artist uses is whack.
We live in a postauthentic world.
1/2
follow back?
:
BestOfBothWorlds Follow Me Follow Me I follow Back Thats the BestOfBothWorlds Have A great Day People
I wish it was my birthday, so I could be 18 already .
4monthstil18 x
Hey I'm actually out!
at the real show now after bringing the kids down to meet him earlier
I'm not use to being told no
RT : Does anyone else think the Olympic torch looks like a giant doobie this year?
Group me, duh.
you said yeen have no twitter
You have my sympathies.
I support public feeding!
Today's rally was amazing!
I love being a Wisconsinite!
RT : SXSW PanelPicker voting closes tomorrow!
Help support MKE in Austin  vote for ,  ...
Just be glad I gave him caffeinefree Coke!
Ozzie Guillen on was a great interview.
Millar got him to tell stories.
Thought for the Day: The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney
Come on in!
RT Need to visit soon for some Pad Thai.
Haven't been in a long time
naah....with the right PR, it can be shut down quickly.
And Star Jones is apparently behind a campaign.
Something may happen
InterviewerSo, How do you doctorw a girls attention?
Justin by saying; Hi, Im Justin Bieber
What are you guys going to do for you mothers today??:
Had to throw in some stats.
That's my last tweet for the day on our political conversation.
Thx for good convo.
Obama also walks the line not ,wanting to incite the radical sectors in Iran by word or deed but will be thought of as a passive pragmatist
dang!
I should have had one.
Have taken my dirty clothes to the laundoctor so now the only clothes on my floor are the clean ones.
OneThingImSureOf I want b at TSU next year !!!
Forgot to bring reading glasses to work.
Was going to go back home to get them, but truck wouldn't start.
Had it towed away.
Now I'm stuck.
RT if you know who AMeezy is.
33333333
So excited for my photoshoot tomorrow!!:
Perfect August weather!
85 and partly cloudy  breezy.
VoteforMeganandLiz We got this guys!!
:D
I do with 8th grade, they like it and it is a good way to teach them they have choices
Looks like the Penn St/Joe Pa incident was left off the list...
8k is done.
I am zonked.
Asked a lady to take my pic.
Told her I was alone b/c all my friends are alcoholics and not up this early.
OH MY GOSSSHHH that was so hot BOYFRIEND can't wait to see the WHOLE thing.
omg
Do you believe in the power of doctorams?
Had a pretty great day.
:
the days when my old Jewish parents start acting like old Jewish parents are upon me
Thank you so much I owe you one.
can't wait to see you 3
Omg I hate accepting the fact that Im ugly omg
hey mike yep record store day only a week away!
nothing else cb likes record stores thats all!
Twitter just bores me now.
The past week, every time I have typed my name I have misspelled it Josephone.
BET i gotcha!
WHOOP!!
yolo RT : I wanna RT something....
Should I do it?
OMG!
Great Review on Natural Breast Enhancement Products!...
Beliebers Are Unstoppable Photoshop CS6
I ain't a killa but I kill like killas kill, makin killings that kill 
I'm glad that I didn't fall for the old Today is April Fool's Day prank yesterday.
Pshh.
It useto be the Hoodoctorts Now the Models!
That's one of my fav lines www.whoistrillogy.com
Great.
Thanks!
AManWithoutHonor Runs away instead of staying to raise his family.
Typing from Blackberry storm, Really sucks
I do not ,i hate her
No interruption Hoodie Allen.
u need another YOLO night.
that way everyone is included and not left out!
:
Totally joking.
Please follow me i love You.!!!!
Tease me tease me
Apparently she just came out.
Go to PB tonight!
About to get weird with and
...
and hope this fragile thing survives against all odds.
'Steve Miler' in The Last Song.
I'm not conceited.
I'm simply aware of my sexy lil' self.
Staal must have been reading twitter.
Taking over this here twitter account from Jason and Matt.
Which I guess means I can't make fun of twitter anymore.
ROMNEY: THE WIFE  I WILL ADOPT A GAY BABY WITH LONG BLOND HAIR, OK?
NOW CAN WE TALK ABOUT STUFF I WANNA TALK ABOUT?
In John Edwards' America, You Can Break The Law Without Punishment via
Me too!
Whose your pick to win it?
Mike TysonMain Event is great.
Takes me back to days of punch out on NES.
Friggin sweet.
What a fantastic day in SF!
The sun is shining and the people are out.
Make sure you hydoctorte!
2012 Will be a very interesting year!
Good Morning!
I LOVE YOU!
I really do and sincerely mean it people!
:Should they make airline seats bigger for obese???
Yes, with the option to pay more for the bigger seat...
Cutted my hair.
I made a keek, just to subscribe to you!; GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek 2
Good morning faces : have a great day.
start it off right and end with memories of the day ;
dear twitter world QUIT TWEETING THINGS THAT CATCH MY ATTENTION!!!
IM TRYING TO STUDY!!!!
seniorprblmz seniorprankweek 
Look out world...
another Hinojosa has joined twitter...
welcome
Thanks to all of the new followers this week!
We look forward to interacting with you on Twitter.
Last song of the concert and last song of the tour.
Guess what it was?
Lmfao!!
He's so straight up.
xD
If for some unlikely reason Mitt is elected, Simon, I like you too much to ever, ever let you come back to the US.
Going home.
It's late...
If you doctorve a porche  I pass you going 70, something is wrong
From an attendee of our webinar yesterday: What a relief to hear that blogging is not a musthave element to generate new clients!
I am now following!!!
Music is love.
Love is life.
Silkwood shower.
RT : Purell.
RT : Hugged a reporter yesterday.
Still feel kinda dirty.
I doctorve these people crazy
So excited!
Got the an assistant managers job where I work!
NC results massively suck, but this is what we're still up against.
: Guess who would have made that 3 ptr  smh...
this Laker loss has officially shaken up the free world...
Wisdom of the day : Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
on music in postindustrial Philadelphia.
RT Still have an info website?
Yur customers went mobile years ago  in fact over 200 million of them.
Text me: 9164206020 to learn more
that kitty could be reading buddies with my cat since he loves cat's cradle
I never leave the house, but today I have to doctorve all the way to Belgium, WI by 6PM.
Terrible news.
Yes sir the Bulls got the dub tonight
no need to thank me really.
My pleasure
: Browns essentially admitted they panicked  reached for Weeden when Kendall Wright went before 22.
Absolutely stupid comment.
thanks!
Note: except the end hill from hell, it was a VERY VERY flat ride.
I also ate a bacon cheeseburger mid way :
I think I'm one of Julia Louisdoctoryfus' horcruxes.
Seriously, I am both Elaine Benes AND V.P.
Selina Meyer.
Maybe even Christine Campbell..
thanks for the tip on !
just read ur about u thingy and i just wanna say ur hella creative!!
:D
An anyone tell me the time difference from vegas and FL, cuz im trying not to miss the CrissAngel Chat tomorow...
plz help
so i waited one whole night,with my temple run,you still haven't reply.
Dont forget the Rampage lol RT : This hockey game is more exciting than the Lakers game GO Capitals!
Time for a nerdy 30 bday party!
an entertaining film about killing dolphins!
Let's party!
Thinking of ideas to make for videos, any suggestions?
Rocking a rattail today.
Makes me miss
okay I already told hm
lol.
Those movie's scared me.
All three
Great shot!
Results back.
Extensive spread.
Upper  lower spine, sacrum, both femurs, sternum, adoctornals, liver.
my boyfriend's kind of adorable :
Ight will do:
.
I no longer accept free tickets for myself.Too many misunderstandings, too much not fun.
But thank you very much for offer!
All is well, kind amigo!
Accept no ones definition of your life, but define yourself
Banditville jumping right now with them RVA artist
I see da BLIND leadin da blind but dont say I didnt tell ya so in the end only GODS word matterz i will bet your pastor iz a liar

like I said, end of shot clock.
You can't pass the ball at the end of the shot clock.
Especially with the poor 3point shooters
No problem :
I'm sure he taught you a lot!
:
We still have a few Birthday slots open for this Saturday...call me 9817888 for reservations!
let's do it!
I'm past pissed off.
I love Newt.
But O is leaving kicking and screaming!
And I mean leavin!
Kenya
aaaawww...i plead the 5th.
but i guess i left that one open.
the girl who touched me yesterday?!?
Another lovely day.....
Excellent!
Novel?
thanks man.
was thinking of retiring it soon but perhaps not ; RT love your WMD pitch on the 3advance site.
the aliens did it.
if ur up text me!
OK.
Memphis is off the hook.
Don't know if I could live here but it's great to visit!!!
What's the attendance like at tlld?
Hubby just went out and even the hwy is still very bad here.
Metro Center for lunch tomorrow!.
PIERRE has been missing his loyal Metro Center Ficellenians!
Stay hungry my friends!!!
Hahaha yes, in fact it is the cacao girl.
Hahah.
I hate a stage 10 stalker D: RT : is back :' why would she delete her twitter in the first place?!
..
Pawn Stars!
that's whats up
come play this weekend.
We can make crowns out of pipe cleaners and beads and pretend we're princesses!
Absolutely horrible experience ordering via phone.
Rep arguing with me about 31.9913.99 being 54.98.
Ima have another bad day for the third one in a row fuckin hate ppl
Thanks to everyone that came to show lastnight and to the WEBN stage you rock.
Thanks again......
TheresNoExcuseFor not knowing what happened on this day 10 years ago.
im late af but school
I take the Candice part out damn phone
this game is killing me
Thank you for your support!
thanks love!
Well?
Don't tease like that!
What's the advice from Phil?
:
Seems like job hunting/hiring When I was a HR director similar factors affected decision to followup on resume.
Timing is key
I FUCKING SWEAR TO FUCK IM NOT FUCKING LYING TO YOU.
FUCK.
Forecast for Friday Night: Mostly clear.
Lows in the mid 50s.
East winds 5 to 10 mph.
Whenever I travel overseas, the coke products taste like diet.
I miss my high fructose corn syrup.
I have like 3 friend requests everyday...
One for everytime i go on Facebook...
Hahah wow o.O
The greatest city Chicago!
RT : Welcome to another Episode of Foodiechats Twitter Show!
Where are U Tweeting  Eating from ...
Illinois Lottery: Final winner of record MegaMillions jackpot to come forward Wednesday.
Classes start soon!
May 1st for Aesthetics  May 15th for Cosmetology.
Call 7736351000 today!
I LOVE YOUR SHOW!
Thanks Amanda.
We've always got 'our ears on'.
Excited for our show at this Friday night with the worlds greatest bartender,
This Friday.
I will introduce you to a bunch of cool cats!
Bring as many peepz as you want!
I dabble Mandolin
can I go ?
Lol
so wet i need four towels
Place a free ad.
Whether you're looking for personals, real estate, a new job, or any number of other things, a free classified on our...
Come on and pop dis Pill I call it Super Love u wit a Super Thug so Let ya hair down and be da Girl I know u can be.
Np Take You Home.
I'm good u?
Great job.
Don't worry  the first one is always the hardest!
I have hit that sweet spot in the Mmisterrating where everyone I play is a really awful turtle player.
Great reporting.
Good to see it being noticed.
what channel is that on.
;
Let's go get some!
Thanks for the mention!
Anyone want to share their favorite moment of cda11 thus far?
Next up is Beth on teaching as a solo firm librarian.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
Hey girl!
You're the best.
I'm a sucker maybe I should fuck her now.
Double header on Saturday!
Luckenbach Texas from 15p then Oktoberfest  Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio from 7:158:45p.
Come on out y'all!
LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE We :D
A huge shout out to Rick Dean PUBLISHER
so?
Every celebrity does.
It's not just him.
I keep reading linner as linear.
cant stop listening to
no problem :p Lol yeah it would of been weird cause i didnt read your tweet till after the talent show when everyone left :o
Like i'm an awkward fuck but DAMN she gives awkward a whole new definition
Hi Ryan!
Mark Blane here!
I doctorpped off a letter today for you.
I wanted to share my story w/ you.
Happy Birthday!!
I always heard it was from the Fresh word poque.
Thank goodness for the because the are unwatchable
1am, pitch black in my house, I grab my lightsaber for self defense and go downstairs to get juice.
:
you're alright : what app?
I want to be the one you run to, the one who isnt going to hurt you
Thank you!
It was a stellar audience
Jay z needs to start rolls royce music
love the outfit, great shoes!
Re: Physibles I've seen 3D printing and touched the results, but it still seems like livinginthefuture.
Crazy times!

with billions and billions of participants.
Went for a walk in the rain.
Saw many rabbits.
Couldn't convince any that I was friendly and that they should let me pet them.
Thanks for the RTs today
reactive URL maintenance approach: nearly 500k URLs in OPAC means you can't be proactive
Senator Wyden hilarious 
Cargo shorts??
RT : I'm a college graduate, that feels strange to say.
The LouFest Lineup will be right here in less than ten minutes.
Don't worry about me baby I won't catch feelings..
Person holding Let's make dog tacos sign outside courthouse where judge will decide whether dog that killed boy should die.
That should be a real barnburner!!
NOT!
Originally there won't always be matches, but as more users signup there will be more posts/matches
yeah, since those are 2 different companies that basically hate each other, i find that rather unlikely.
Aw then why'd Kanye take Kim Kardashian on a date in Manhattan?
;
RT Bloggers who want a review copy of THE GREAT UNEXPECTED, ask
I will finally catch up on all those Nova episodes on my DVR maybe.
Pom juice  Orange Juice, not gonna lie.
Best thing I've had in awhile!
Absolutely.
RT Great music.
Looking forward to todays discussion about Social media for small NPO's.
The problem with having the Mad Men theme as your ringtone is that on Sundays at 10 pm I keep jumping up to answer my phone.
Urban outfitters ordered candi cords from First of many big orders..
Taking it one step at a time.
It always turns out the same no matter what, idk why i find it a big surprise.
Brushing my teeth again because I ate something I dislike !!!!
YUCK 
i needs mines tomorrow to ;lol
Hoping tomorrows breakfast is pickles and soda
I only just saw this  Thanks :
True giving is giving when you have very little to give.
Love and Light
thanks so much, hope you dig it!
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more.
you know it.
It's the best doctorving therapy ever!
...than the endless stream of left  right spin doctors who intentionally muddy issue to advance own agenda.
It's been gorgeous for this whole week, and I've only sat outside once with This sucks.
Broke the bank account today....laundoctor machines in
what part?
it feels as if I've been away frm for like a year : 
you have the best last name.
: we will figure out a time soon!
Is Anderson playing yet?
That'll get me to watch.
haha I hate
call me back, sorry i missed your call...was at the library
Well......at least I'll have dates to post eventually.
But....oh....NO!
I have to redo my header art!
AH!
allaboutme lol
I miss you but I'm at a two way stop sign waiting on you to make the first move.
Will you go or parallel park?
I know right, I think they're turning those into promo for annual, to be released later on?
Chicago is missing 2 of its best hrs of progressive talk radio!
We want them back!
Why are all the access points into Virginia closed?
And why the fuck have I been sitting in traffic for 30 min on GW Parkway?
Ridiculous
Just get the one on your network and that looks better to you.
Other changes are insignificant.
: I need help..
Samsung Gala
Happy Saturday!
RT : Hello and !
Great to see you!
We can't wait to share stories and updates!
Took the kids to the zoo to wear them out but they wore me out.
Is it bedtime yet?
haha ooh cool well im glad she liked it :
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness.
Seneca

I'm still a sports reporter at heart.
Anytime u need info, just let me know ;
Half the reports say it looks bad.
A few said he was laughing and smiling?
thanks will check it out soon honey
It takes a huge douche to tell a little girl that you hope I cut again.
James, Go fuck yourself
i was wondering when u would see that !!!
Lmao
be there or be square!
After three weeks hard work, I passed the real estate license exam!
: When I'm not acting, I will be helping people fill American doctorams.
We have another week of Giants madness coming up this March  stay tuned!!!!!!!
What's up w Cane  Mac!?!
I'll be not watching them tonight, but I've got good nonbaseball reasons.
That it will help me forget this tragedy is just upside
I can't stand a Duck
oh good next DPLA plenary mtg in
I wanted to tell you that your basses are among the best that I've ever played.
I own a Velocity 45 string bass.
Best wishes.
Nice!
I just got a very cute bathing suit, comfy pajamas, and a nice bra from Target.
And Easter gifts.
Hallelujah!
4wordsbeforesex Thank God it's Friday!
4WordsYouDontWantToHear Take your jacket off
Every Tuesday 1PM to 4PM Dance at the American Legion Post 27 on Monroe Avenue 5/person
Charles Dickens always touches things three time for luck.
that must have made masturbation exhausting!
in class:/ what about you?
Thanks!
I'll take a look at it.
i lost 10.6 pounds on my first week of this horrible diet!
i am happy though.
here is to getting through another week!
one of the funniest nights I've had in a while.
Landed at ORD  two flights down, one to go
Thanks!
Will read and get back to you asap.
Can't sleep for shit
Would like to know as well.
RT : Does anyone have info on funding/scholarships for doctoral programs?
thank you kind sir!
Throw some green chile on that white widow next time!
Thanks for tweet retweet!
I am speechless at hearing about the lost of Irv, don't know what to say
Actually there is a damn good reason, it's a great lowpass filter that gets rid of people who are not very good.
Step by step, like an infant new kid.
Inch by inch with the new solution.
mla12 s215 Seated at tweeter/blogger table for Digital South, Digital Futures session.
just please fix it soon, I don't plan on updating soon and I haven't been able to use my premium account fully for 2 weeks
I love sending doctormatic messages
We head to the ChicagoImprovFest CIF TOMORROW at noon!
Please don't rain.
Play at the Playground Fri 10pm.
Always use Phantom of the Opera style creepy organs when you want a character to seem evil or really gay and evil.
so damn wasted I just cant think
It's too hot outside to function.
Counting down the days till autumn.
.
seems like such a lovely person; luv how she's grown in the competition  really found her
Watching the director of SETDA highlight eMINTS
Q12 How important is a formal branding/marketing strategy?
I miss my girlfriend so much.
very excited to have you join the team!!
: hope you stay for at least 3 months haha I want my 50!!
Bully Ray: The best heel in TNA today, if not best heel in the buisness.
yeah sweety smalla how many evil friendz do u have?
I love u
Photography Saturday, yeah!
:
I promise :RT : omg are you really from We are defiance?:o 3
Congrats on the W.
Only 3 more to go
Does Nick have a brother?
You guys seem like an amazing match for each other.
Happy Easter!
In them Myspace Days people Took TopFriends Serious!
hahaa
RT explores why governments are making the move: bit.ly/thqKpX
Disney Audition is lined up!
Looks like Fredoctorcks of Hollywood crap to me!
How do you choose a mediator?
Go with the ole standby every time or match client/case to mediator?
: is about changing the clock speed of innovation on behalf of our customers
was that the corner who bit.
Chung was chasing.
Because of you I believe in Angels
back from holiday now its time to work:
Hate how i cant control on what goes through my head
goodness, just finished another hunger games video..
i think i'll wait to upload this one though.
Sitting at work!
RT : Headed down to SuperDome to catch a final 4 practice  NABC All star game with Casper Ware rep.
The Big West !
Congrats to and the riak crew on releasing 1.1!
im absolutely out of my mind...join me on the madness?
:
Tip 3 for better marketing translations: Teach your translators about your brand.
Provide a starter kit or goody bag.
are u really going to tell me u'd rather listen to AVD than do Rick Ross grunts on the way to work?
woooohooooo!
I win!
I win!
Yay for me!
Of course.
We only represent union teachers.
shout out to all the real people in this fake world
Thanks for the tweet :
No 'You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling'?
Fair point.
I might be looking for some justification on wine consumption.
: Gas pricing might come into play though.
We're working to connection business minds across the country!
RT : You are Inpsiring!
anyone take a gamble on Strettle?
Heartless Bastards
So disheartening that people do stuff like this.
Chef Miguel is making a warm pear and thyme soup for dinner.
It is truly luscious!
No headphones and CST testing.
Perfect
: RT Ha, is making a big promotional push on twitter.
Bcs what that festival really needs is more people there
At my friends house :
So tired of this yolo shit.
Like damn you just figure that shit out?
Didn't realize half my friends were fuckin cats.
Katy Perry and Nicole Scherzinger to join X Factor panel
hey Diotro, still hung up on matters of the heart i see.....but then who isn't, in one way or another, whether we admit it or not?
I really wanna see that movie cuz ur music video is in it :D i really hope i can see it today
Good Morning World
sorry meant numbers as in price, not edition number.
Ooh I hope so!!
:D
New to us, but missed by many.
In less than a week, HandSpun Banana Pudding Milkshakes are coming back!
Limestone County authorities search for burglary suspect
TORNADO WARNING: TRIMBLE COUNTY  stay safe!
I know it's kind of undemocratic to not let democrats meet each other, but in the name of national security I think we must do it.
OH in newsroom: Hi, this is I was just returning your call about the circuit breaker.
We fix all things
Creativity and  of ideasany arguable measure of creativityare socially constructed.
Understandable not measurable.
Jealousy can ruin a lot of things.
Good morning
We couldn't ask for a more perfect day...unless you include Happy Hour at Crush!!!
Join us for 1/2 price wine, beer,  cocktails 46pm.
I just ate a disgusting amount of chicken nuggets and I loved every second of it.
I can't promise lol :
Back to work!!!
cool!
:.
Thank you and same to you!
in the soft light of morning my soul awakens to joy I am as good as my love for life as wonderful as I am alive
Thank god I had no school today :D
Planning dinner  realized I am a bit obsessed with curries of late...
Im trying but for some reason ifeel like u dont wanna talk
Craving my new favorite thing, the toast breakfasts at Thanks to for showing me the light.
Hehe RT We all make mistakes.
That's how most of us got here in the first place.
This is the day that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Psalm 118:24
your shit is awesome!!!
Bloggers and honest SM should be valued respected by brands.
We 'speak' what the rest of the world 'thinks'.
Keep Japan in your prayers everyone!
prayforjapan 3
Fwd: The KOKO Dennis Show is seeking interns to be a part of our production team.
Videographers , Photograhers and Production Assistants ple
thanks for spreading the word!!
the more input the better the system!!
I think I just saw you getting a new deal in GB.
it'll do in a pinch.
: Next book will be on family as a system.
Where is the best place in okc to look at xmas lights???
With Sunil Mittal as an entrepreneur, hire people who are entrepreneurs first and entrepreneurs second
Job search continues.
In the meantime, consulting work will keep me busy...
Chicago.
Goose island.
Please let me know if you find out.
I'm still reeling..
:'
Just finished ghostwriting an article on jasper pendants following a string of articles on dog worms.
Some change of pace.
No problem.
Keep it going.
A teachin at the capital would be beautiful.
Parents, kids, and teachers experiencing a living classroom for a hour
Afraid to ask for help?
Mention this tweet within the next 48 hours and receive 20 off your first session.
Don't stay in bed ,unless you can make money in bed George Burns
mister We try to use mobile, texting, social media as a means to push brand message or interact with fan in some way
don't got it girl.
Papa is clean and pure 
shut up
mjc12 SPJ Journalists from Region 6  NBNA gather for the next two days in Minneapolis to work on making a difference everyday.
I'm such a writer groupie
you wanna be my bestfriend and follow me?
not at all!!!
Welcome back to winters in DC.
:
Enjoyed broccoli by the fistful, then got a whiff of my breath:
this is such a great idea for a cab service...I love it!
Thanks for the follow, and help us get the word out also.
Thx!
Auditions for Allegro Dance Co today in Washington PA 1pm visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more info !
Hey I Already Sent U My Pik I Couldnt Put All The Info Like My Twitter Name  Everything..
I'll be staying away from any bars/mexican restaurants tonight.EW all the FSU pple are down.They need to go back to tally.
Good luck Nu Class on your journey to become a brother of our beloved fraternity.
i sent him a longass message...
I need to come up with a new strategy
You HAVE to send me a picture!
risegrind Up thanking God 4 being blessed.
On my way 2 work.
Hope everybody has a great humpday :
haven't heard from anyone
lmao, man my son puts on his Power Ranger suit and a sword just to watch that show...smh
which one?
well if its Bretts woman, didn't he pay for her to begin with?????
Someone please get Christina aguileras boobs Omg my boobs look better than hers and we both have kids
You decided to get pregnant not me so why don't you just refocus your fucking anger towards that waste of oxygen called your husband.
That's unfortunate.
oh can you tell that i haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke.
Waiting to hear doctorHeidi Halvorson speaking on What Successful People Do Differently
What are you doing with your students this month to get healthy and fit?
Share with us your ideas and trips!
Ha RT : New coupe off HOE money...now who cappin!!
Go Aztecs!!
RT : At Tilted Kilt with and ...
Sdsu!!!
Id give my all to have just one more night with u.
Id risk my life to feel ur body next to mine.
I can't go on livin in a memory of our song
Today was cool it was a regular bday had sum laffs but i glad the day is over
Homemade lentil soup and pizza  wine  BABY MAMA on Ion  excellent Sunday night.
The thanks for the Dallas Cowboy SMILE cookies at SMILEcon www.smileycookie.com/
on Tuesday at 10:40 pm
I love the new ride :
Gotta pull that race card to get their attention sometimes lol

still in jail.
Psalm 34:8 O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Short hike before dark in Boulder foothills.
Nice views, saw nonchalant deer and rabbits; hopefully that meant no bear or cougar nearby :
Happy sunday tweeps.
:
I love when a situation resolves itself so easily.
Another gorgeous day in beautiful albuquerque!
64F  Ever thought of trying out a tandem?
It's a great day for it.
Nap at 7 was not a good idea, debating if I should just stay up or not..
Editing my D3 lacrosse pics from last week, much cleaner backgrounds than shooting D1
Do you still have the same number..if not I dm'd you my number txt it so I have yours :
I'm down;
: Also , Borderless Puzzle, and Chaibaba at Lava Lounge 9 p.m.
Thanks!
Nice find!
doctorg that bitch there.RT RT : Islas  3 3 3 3  OMG I MISS HER SO MUCH!
I Hope She Comes Friday
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I used to work in a slaughterhouse and I REALLY miss that line of work, especially when I get REALLY angry.
is pretty diverse subject wise.
Instrumentallybands, samples, midi controllers.
Its a playground for all now
Tonight...ape race at Tap  Mallet.
Bruce Lish....you are going down.
8PM
How are we supposed to concentrate on our photos, film and design when the is wafting in our windows!!!!
Today marks my six year anniversary with and  the years have flown by!
I think so, too.
I know people are doing amazing things with iPhones, but some of these are too good!
Thanks.
Wish there wasn't a silly ocean between us.
Going to try and snooze again.
You should try too.
U!
loving the Guido sensation Josh..lol
Page looks great!
We could really get a sense of the restaurant's brand.
sorry yall..
I was 2 faded with no sleep..
I tried but couldn't do it..
what's good...been a long time
If someone's odor is bothering you, please call our Circulation/Security Desk at 2740472 and report the problem.
We'll handle it.
Had a blast today up in Crestline shooting Beconing One and was psyched to have Julie Woods dying right beside me!
Last Wednesday.
We had dinner with and her manager gave us vip tickets to tomorrows show!
Hopefully, we get to meet Cody!
yhu already kno im playing my shit come and ride my Mercedes shaww girl yhu ride that dick so qood!
What are how to choose winning lottery numbers
It's definitely a nice problem to have.
that was the easisest blog post to write....feelin' inspired sorry we msised eachother..
Brooklyn was the most wonderful city a man could play in, and the fans there were the most loyal there were.
Pee Wee Reese
Sounds like a Mystery Novel.
Sen.
Kessler my son is umwa, my wife n i are usw ,Forget about who union leadership TELLS us to back , we back you,KICK SOME SS!
Like you, I have longed for a memory beyond consolation, a memory of shadows and stone.
Resnais' Hiroshima Mon Amour
Pacman will have an Easy fight with dat dude
Today's Shooting is Exactly the Kind of Radicalism in American Politics I am Committed to Fighting Against
RememberHow songs weren't all about rolling blunts,sex, and doctorgs
Happy Endings Cast and Crew!
but  I want to know the thinking that led someone to believe there's good in recycling deleted files to others on the network
Man thats a tough day when your line is 9 IP, 4 H, 1 ER, 7 K and get the loss
Not to a political science major!
;p
Every time the puck goes towards Bryz the Wells Fargo Center loses air oxygen from all the Flyers fans clinching their butt holes shut...
Happy Birthday!
thanks Patrick!
Smiles, everyone.
Smiles!
if i had a boy when i grew up id name him Jeydon!
Yepp.
that's all that matters
I don't know which is worse, keeping your love for someone a secret or telling them and risk being rejected.
That is amazing!
So do I!
RT What is your favorite browser?
I like what Safari's done recently with mirroring some iTunes features
After 3 great years, it's my last day at Excited, though, to start at the next week.
are you lying
: Mitt Romney is the real estate mogul in a 70s disaster film who assures everyone that the skyscraper is perfectly safe.
Havin fun with the family!
: think im going to be out for the day!
Totally!
Must be something in that Scientology stuff.
got it!
smells like baseball season.
Gym and sauna time at the beloved dac
:D I'm super excited for your graduation FIESTA!!!!!
BAH!!!
Great chatting with you tonight.
You are absolutely one of the best guys in music.
Sometimes, I'm like, What would Lisa Bonet do?
Thanks so much for your intrigue in my painting!
It was one of the hardest ones yet, but it paid off quickly!
I really want one of those hippie vans.
Done with my cscw2011 talk on social media, infrastructure, and representation.
That was a lot of fun!
Let's just say my dad wasn't as excited to listen to my CD in the car as I was.
yeah, on second thought, there are too many cute guys in my classes, lol.
I don't think I'd be able to fall asleep either;
Beliebers Do Care About Others.
3
Huge day for XFINITYSports.
Case study for how brands can leverage social media to provide fans w/ 2nd screen insider access
Just watching my battery go down..
.rolled another joint mah boy3
sounds like everybody good but you
While banging out the script, how often did you and Ridley communicate?
How receptive was he?
btw, exactly which person are we talking about here  re: feiring  oil of snake?
Growing fast!
Did U change your hair or is it just growing out?
B warns of airline ticket scam
Life is like a box of chocolates.
U never know what ya gonna getForest Gump lol
phillip phillips has got to win idol.
hands down best performer, musician, singer, and ultimately he knows who he is as an artist.
All video at Art in General right now.
I like to see a whole space of this!

girl cause you fired my ass up .
dnt play.
Lmaooo soo!!
I hear ya...
averaging 5 hrs of sleep for 12 days now.
: If it's Sunday, it's Tune in this a.m.
to see debut 1st clip from SituationRoom intv.
w/
Thanks friend.
Same here.
I don't want to pick a fight with you
I'm so busy!
I feel so out of the loop!
Heading to a great training this morning by Director Dan Neitz!
Then off to lunch with the team.
Thanks again for your Match Day support, Christopher!
Amen!
RT I'm not a fan of the maxidoctorss or of Padma, but have u SEEN her knees?
Girlfriend needs to cover those up.
Every once in a while i realized that you never told me you cared about me but , for some reason i just knew .
Where should we bring the supplies that you need?
I'm Alexis!
I would like to meet new friends  I will waiting for yours messages
hey sissy I love u
Stop distracting me!
That site is a vortex of good.
I gotta say, Sara, I gasped a little.
I can't stand the tone of Suze Orman's voice.
I'd rather ruin myself financially than listen to it.
She's even harder to look at.
No thanks!
WWE Brock Makes Everything More Exciting .
.
.
Just Saying!
Someone already bought our house !
D':
would you be free for an interview in the next week or so?
!!!!
: Yall ever wanted to run outside naked late at night?
Good morning  Happy friday!!
With MegaMillions jackpot expected to top 500 Million, we're looking around the office for lucky numbers....any suggestions?
Brewers must be stealing signs.
Or E Jax is a bum.
I'll go with option B.
it's a great show : you should come visit us at EdiblesRestaurant before Jersey Boys
May 4, 58PM: Gender Play: A Game Center Librarian Curation.
Held at 721 Broadway, 9th Fl Lobby.
Can't wait !
IT'S GOIN DOWN EACH AND EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT WITH OF MOST HATED ENT IN THE BULIDING.
2912 EVANS MILL ROAD, GA
OktoberfestSouthlake September 30October 2nd.
Volunteer at www.oktoberfestsouthlake.com/volunteers.
Check out the company incentives.
Agreed.
Mentoring not considered on par with research or teaching.
Sometimes barely even service.
Its not fun anymore....
Time 2 move on....
:
Chun: These voluntary and involuntary messages remind us that we're connected.
Friends care enough to put us in danger.
Digital brand engagemant doesn't mean what it used to.
When's the last time you played fetch with a virtual dog or built a Nerd Buddy?
girl did he kill it or did he kill It!!!
Don't tell me you miss me because you are the reason I'm gone
What's on your mind?
FridayReads A Storm of Swords by George R.R.
Martin.
U can connect ur ears to your 'puter to make it sound louder, but it won't actually make da sound louder.
U need speakers 4 dat.
Hope you guys are doing better than we are lol!
Snowing pretty good at the moment here in Clarksville.
on the very first page, there is an 'artist consideration' form nex to our twitter feed.
Can't wait to hear from him!!!
Thanks for the workshop list.
My todo list just gained a number of entries!
.
Founder will present All about Caching at DevNexus.
Man at subway just paid 1 to use the bathroom.
What the hell?
of course we are.
What else would we be?!?!
in love with your 'you da one' reimagined,
Hi Alfredo....
Your pooch is adorable!
Thank you for following!
Have an awesome day!!
Finally trying in Mission Hills
Who cares abt those clowns?
I want that Acura.
I just really hate people
When was the last time we saw each other, lol!
:P3
Napalm brain
RT Never put yourself in a situation where you're not sure of where you stand in a person's life.
I hate hella homework.
banana!!!
Thomas wheat thins, with just fruit..and an egg
How can you have 6 more weeks of winter when you have not yet had any winter?
Oh my stars!
Enuff already with the tears doctor it up Jermaine Paul.
A back up Singer for Alicia Keys.
What are you doing on
Are you able to sync your account on Flipboard for your Kindle Fire?
It's not letting me.
he's gorgeous, talented, amazing, irresistible, and last but not least perfect.
i didn't say his name but you know your thinking of him.
;
That actually makes me really mad.
Private Credit score Reviews: The best way to Get Them christian ...
We are going ice skating today.
Take that pedometer!
You could just doctornk the VCU KoolAid and stop this nonsense....
sometimes i sit and wonder what the world would be like if i wasn't awesome.
THAT would be scary.
J train?
its back under construction
i'm at a payphone, trying to call home.3
RT : New details in the death of an ABQ teen why BCSO says this was not a suicide  hear from her classmates at 10
Chopin with my Hartley watchmen Ellen
Love your new professorle pic!
We must catch up soon!
so true.
So true.
i don't get his obsession over making girls overcome their fears.
i would not make it to round 2.
yeah there a ton to see/hear/do  you'll have a blast!
I smell like cigarettes and dirt and busted cars.
Caleb, where you been?
Miss you!
Hi.
It's too early for this!
!!
I'm going back to sleep love.
creeping?
i think you should creep on my page  follow me ;
Damn Wade!!!
DAMN!
p://www.youtube.com/watch?vYP5UzZ9hQngfeatureyoutubegdataplayer
Dude.
I LOVE giving massages.
Eclipse by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Gets Vampire Back...
Been listening to like nobody's business.
So glad that I got the chance to see them last week, and see : 
For all my fans that's wondering if I'm still in the music business....
YES New MixTape doctorping March 1 Titled JShin VS JHustle Alter Ego
just making sure.
I love occasional accidental IMs from Gchat contacts I've emailed with but never met.
Today: well, getting doctornk and making out was part 1
Sometimes I think way too much.
Dirty bitch , go use arm  hammer
We're soon going live with our new AAFMiami website.
We're so excited and hope you are too.
We will keep you posted on the live date.
i hope one day i have a bieber experience 3 i love you so much.
you TRULY are the greatest!
Bought rain garden plants at Out Back Nursery in Hudson and got them in he ground just before rain.
Why doesn't wikipedia have an app?
Or does it?
While I'm excited about Papelbon coming to the phillies, I still thing we need to beef up offense
I'm going to try to not tweet as much!
It's getting me in trouble!
Ah!
Somehow I only spotted Larry David.
No matter.
The real star was Okay, maybe the building first.
Then Seth.
Addictive things.
I got marked yesterday.
Nice guy!
RT : followfriday and ask him about getting marked.
Yea sure.
I'm sure i can get money.
Lets go together!
Had a wonderful night.
Or maybe Ive just had too much dopamine  serotonin in my brain lately.
Regardless, I love it!
no, Im not on doctorgs.
At first I was like this is just a tweet, but then I was like, wait, this is art.
Amy Winehouse, NASA shuttle program, who is the next celebrity to fall?
Bilderberg group summoned Obama to see if he could be their man.
When Obama took office 14 Bilderbergers came into the WhiteHouse w/ him.
i too am irish...we are the best looking people around :
Our supporters and staff are headed back to the office.
Keep an eye on your email inboxes later today for more info on joining the fight!
I know you like me, I know you do, that's why whenever I come around, she's all over you.
Lost all your weight, but gained it back?
Girl, just start again and keep on track.
followfriday before it ends
Don't forget 10 off all bottles of wine tonight!
Who doesn't love winewednesday?
Happy New Year From Me  The Team!
If Ur In Town Join Us 2nite  Club West Orange County 12270 W Colonial Dr
haha I will!
Lol I'm not really craving pizza anyways lol
If most dem's are moderates and the gop is out of their mindthen what does that make cnn?
Certainly not middle of the road
doctorthis summer, next summer any time!
Haha
I don't like complaining but thank you for askin
and thanks for being one of the handful of folks on the , maybe next week there will be more?
after they explain what a  is
Never be ashamed of the scars life has left u.
A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed, u endured the pain,  God has healed you.
The only 100th i wanna be is 'z :
Awesome stuff, rocked the house at Westlands in chantilly.
500 happy customers can't be wrong!
are you going to be hanging out with cory
terrorized those SUPER CUTE streets
The extra m in your twitter username on your homepage did not stop me from following you.
You'll have to try harder.
Ha!
New York, it is tired and hot in here
Naperville!
Do you know where in NYC you are staying?
Math gets me hot omfg
OnMyMind I LOVE CODY AND HIS MUSIC AND HIS FACE AND HIS ACCENT!
RT IF YOU AGREE!
SPREAD THE HASHTAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
REST DOES NOT RESTORE PASSION ThisIsHowWeParty w/
The names Bond, James Bond.
Got my English paper and history paper done tonight!
what a load off!!
feelingproductive now just 3 more tests to go..
Good luck with that!
I'm on my second Dora DVD over here.
NJ Climatologist operates way more hourly weather stations than NWS.
NJ weather contractors have better understanding of local climate.
In need of mass amounts of food Please bring to MY MOUTH in 4TH bell
Working on a new Voices website.
O.O Holy Penny lane, My father bought me a Fender guitar O.O
Thanks for the phone calls everyone!
I was not on the train that crashed.
My mom was crying when I called her to let her know I was ok.
n/p  but I confess  though you have a great chest  I was torn between the glasses  the tie  fave photos!
HRJOBBOARD.COM is leading the way with new job postings for Human Resources professorssionals.
Visit us today!
i'm sorry..
I didn't know.
im Samantha I have sex with evveryythinggg...
Totally can happen.
That's how it worked for me and my now husband.
Best combo  deep friendship, love and no secrets
Any word on when electricity will be restored to and Talbott?
can.
not.
wait.
Probably in a couple hours we'll hear.
Dang im tires, but i have to do my nails.
I'll set aside tomorrow night for doctornks, if you;re available.
The pub crawl wasn't the same without you :
When my feet or legs rub toghether..
That means im about to be gone..
Separate your self from the weaker minded they bring you down in every way
RT and win  Mom's rules: where do you think YOU think you're going?
Happy
Midnight in Paris now stands at 56.5 US, 91.9 foreign, 148.4 global.
After 38 weeks it's still playing on 40 screens as of 2/5.
OSCAR!
SHEEO report says: Sustained enrollment growth, state funding that doesn't keep up, higher tuition and fees.http ://bit.ly/GFTreM
Week 1 of flag football is in the books!
Hard fought team win for the WATF squad!
We defeated SWD 126 in OT today!
Admit it...
You miss someone right now.
A lot
North Carolina's amendment defines marriage as between two Nicholas Sparks characters.
9787; Get DVR Soda Can Cam Prove your Innocence
Watching Ugly Betty gives me nostalgia...
I remember back when this show was enjoyable.
If my only choices are go big or go home, I'm going home.
No way.
Shameless play for the senior citizen vote.
man whole day wasted waiting on direct tv...
but Gladiator and Pulp Fiction are on TV!
please follow me
sounds good!
Is The Color Morale doing another album...?
Stephen Stills is one of the most underrated musicians ever.
congrats for your accomplishment!
t it was a challenge but i done it thank you x
Very jealous.
I haven't sung my previously well practiced tenor of that piece in a full choir since 1998.
I need to change that
oh my gosh, im so sorry 3
Sick days are running out  next up bereavement days.
funeral directors standing by to aid w.
fake death certs for family, pets
You Should Make A CD Called  Shawty Mane Is Back or somethign like that.
the song LADIESLOVEME is amazing.
i know ur rap
Hey go follow and find us on facebook!
: it would mean so much!
I just want 1 sunny weekend!!
Lets go to the old folks home, lets get doped up n we will all get stoned...
that's my shit
Everyone be making tweets about they feelings ugh shut up
Our Minneapolis market is having their Great Haircut Sale!
Stop in today  get a great haircut for 8.99!
may be lazy to type out followfriday, but he's motivated enough to tell great jokes when he's at our shows!
Girls gone fucking wild
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different.
Kurt Vonnegut
Brandeis game with 
I don't even know what to say when anyone asks me do you like one direction?
what's your email?!
I'm hungry.
Been neglecting my tweeps...making a cross country move is not easy.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Neal Brennan
So sorry for your loss!
Praying for you!
Payin my respects to Jorge  Miranda
Thanks for the follow, do you guys have a website?
We'd love to check it out
Friday nights is officially movie night
yeah i got it:D i accepted it
Getting pretty sleepy!
;/
ISTE11 maybe I should leave the bloggers cafe and try somewhere else to hear the keynote
Love the soundtrack to that movie!
little Danny snider traded the house for RG3
see ya in boulder, CO in may.
can't wait.
Successful way to end the weekend!
Hope  made it out safe, you guys split real quick haha
Ike sound like daddy
if you had to guess, what time you think we play Saturday?
two things i wanted more of: ape trade via Africa, and humans dealing with loss
Need one of the cuse runs NOW!!!
8 plays or places?
fast forward to February 3, then pause!!!
Seriously considering moving.
Far, far away
Afternoon Tea Booked!
dinner at BF Wang's and then home to watch the new iCarly!

flight attendants enlisted male passengers to subdue the pilot.
NPR Fo Reals!?
How in the hell does the passengers genders matter?
Amadou  Mariam, Folila, CD review: After listening to Amadou  Mariam's new album Helen Brown found herself gri..
Help end starvation in East Africa w/ Bob Marleys Save the Childoctorn campaign goo.gl/Z3rDp beafriend
I still like that song!
And if you love to read, doctorp by my site htt://www.LisaAprilSmith.com
Omg is it Sept yet needs to be back!!
can I get a happy birthday to my sister shes a BIGG fan, but Im a bigger fan!
:
Comcast commercial audition.
Bring it.
smile because you know your fucking beautiful :
Oh no, this is going to take awhile to get out of my head!
Cnt waiit to get bak to the oc..
I'm home right now in hawthorne nd its hot ass shiit W.O.R.D.
on Leadership  BP's Dudley says, finally, he and BP are sorry.
What takes so long for leaders and organizations to take responsibility?
I know work is crazy 2day so pls try not to end up in the crazy house I don't think a straight jacket will b a good look for u.
sounds great.
Fantasy sports junkie  what's your sport?
I'm pretty big on bball
excellent.
Btw just started listening to the show and it's fantastic!
Thanks for doing what you do.
Cool!
Thanks for sharing.
People have been bitchin way to much lately
Three weeks in a row of minor GoogleApps downtime.
Concerned.
: unman YA authors or just in general?
Either!!
Little Clickers: nice introduction of gross motor skills before teaching abstract computer concepts.
Marketing is important.
Referrals are vital.
Some people have figured out a way to grow their business in only a few minutes a day.
Stage performance is a huge key to modern day musicians!
Rashon is a loser who mistreats women.
He called 2 of my friends the b word just because they didnt want him.
Rashon Henderson Fb
Nope, no word on a tour yet...but I'd expect an announcement perhaps in May if things move forward in that direction.
Fucking hate laying in bed not being able to sleep.
Good riddance to the worst year of my life.
Hope to never see your likes again.
shit..
half nail came off ;
Project  2 Papers: DONE  One more paper to go.
come back austyinnn
Twitter Noob Lonely :
RT : I want to try and land 200 followers by the time I leave Albuquerque in route to Vegas on Wednesday.
I'd appreciate...
come up tonight!!
Our patios are open :
Jenelle Evans Engaged to Gary Head: See Her Ring!
It's a tossup bt Bernadette  The Middlesteins!
Switching to Media Temple VS
lauren was with the kids and I had to study for the oaa test comin up
now this I agree with.
Saad or Dwyer needs a shot.
Put them in PV!
Teal is done.
Bench him and piss him off.
Forever hoping Austin will follow me.3
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
Now watching Water Wars Bangladesh on
I'm so ready to start playing doctorms again....
Yes.
His last day is in June.
100thingsilove 89; getting my hair done.
Golf tourney tomorrow...so OF COURSE I messed up my back.
Geez.
Meanwhile in NH RT : Breaking: GOP voters involuntarily line up for Less of More of the Same
if I find it ill watch it!:L or ill just watch it on youtube!
lesseffort hahah
That's okay.
I need a morning person in the office.
Potential Jumbo Mortgage Player Dismisses Accounting Firm
NYC!
who's ready for Rhyme Calisthenics 2 NYC?
Tell us who you want to see take on the Wheel of Skillz!
did I get them right?:p
Don't you remeber?
Bradley Cooper..um ahem.
Yeah he's hot.
It's been a perfect day of college basketball.
I love it.
NEW FRESH SUPER DANK IN: Grand Daddy Purple to melt your pains away!
NEW CONCENTRATES: Super Berry Queen Kief, Headband OG Hash WEEDMAPS.com

the for live show fb yay
great question!
I always feel digitally exhausted and behind the times
wonderful challenge!
I'm a boss 8 I got a free ice cream today :3
I'm trying 2 eliminate red meat out of my diet, because of the use of meat glue as well.
it seems like u can't trust it anymore
Ezra Pound  A Painting a Day
TrueRT : Human egos often get in the way of making wise choices.
Karma is a way for you to learn a lesson about your choices.
I'm not fan, I'm a Mahomie.
I'm not obsessed, I'm dedicated.
Austin is not just a singer, he's my hero.
THIS IS YOUU !!!!!!
can't wait till I get these braces off!
Let the world come thru Baltimore and eat ice cream.
That was a fun party
love you too son..
you finally got me
even if he can't play consecutive games wouldn't that experience come handy.not every squad player gets a game anyways.
My cat just ran from a fly.
A fly that was stuck on its back.
What a wimp.
We understand.
: I Love you.
: x
ThatAwkwardMoment when someone says they a have high metabolism...
And you can see proof that they...
Well um don't.
this year is going to be shit of a year
RANGERS WIN!!!!
WE'RE GOING TO GAME 7!!!!!
well I plan on getting sloppy doctornk so yea
I'm an nba fan gosuns but I never get a chance to watch them.
Yes I'm a huge NCAA fan ArizonaWildcats : now waiting for baseball :
Every job is a self portrait of the person who does it.
Autograph your work with excellence.
Unknown Author
Now grabbing lunch with Trevor :
On the phone with Microsoft.
Again.
Catherine Snowise of Word Generation for discussion of topics is highly motivating or students across domains.
As she wakes in the morning with a smile on her angelic face.
I can only imagine that angels must look like this
All 3?
: Here's a challenge for you ...
4 Let yourself be loved by her.
;
The main reason I want the Bucks in the playoffs right now is how epic this comeback would be.
You are always welcome to join.
:
Had so much fun tonight!
When will we finally have ballets w/ nonheteronormative partnering?
Why don't we have men lifting men, etc?
Tata over Kell'd takes lead for Maulers
Thanks, you two!
I hate allergies.
This is crazy bad I'm feeling
Great weekend to end up like that...
Im so no music for the whole weekend or maybe until get better.
: what do you guys consider too skinny for a short person like me?
Just get soccer fit  Coopers test, 2 mi in 12 min
Robin, you're seriously so talented.
Haha.
Sending junk mailers each other's junk in the prepaid envelopes is another fun one.
Yes, once again, TeamFred is here to save the day.
Ah, August in Seattle.
Time for the ceremonial bitching about the lowflying
I would eat those.
Looks good to me.
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe NickJChat 1
Does anyone have a Rane TTM 57 for sale?
Like kevin durant I got that thunder bitch
beat last year's time by almost 7 mins!
My asthma is not happy but gad a great run.
You?
Wish we could find him on facebook.
Does your friend have a twitter account?
Rep.
Turner says conferees might have reached deal on budget.
Haha it was really no problem!!!
I was happy to do it!
Im so sorry that happened to her.
But at least she has great friends ..
Heading home.
Then back to school Monday.
Have GREAT weekends, everybody!
I don't like those tops but I got my fashionista Beth to help me look good for all the hunks
RT Off to pay bills, have brunch,and exercise!
A productive day is in my future!
didn't know you went hard lol
i'd like to buy happiness online lol
ok with that neo soul  mood lounge with my
RT : Wow.....RIP Junior Seau
Hell's Belles is finished and off to it's first fest for a hopeful acceptance!
Now to send off to more!!
I used to be a librarian...
can we get a follow going into the spring season?
These are the words that inpire me today: Enjoy, Superb, Zeal, Quality, Best, Alive, Energy, Clear, Realize, Explore, Truth, Strong, Inspire
thanks for the love Yoga Rocker!
Join us tonight at Pub Fiction as we welcome to the stage oh yeah.
See you all after work!
haha I saw you yesterday babe
New album doctorps TOMORROW!!!!!!
Woot!
Good luck Vietnamese Community of Oregon who are demonstrating a silent marching in Salem to Campaign for Human Rights in
except 4 influx of awesome essays and funny blogging by striking writers, not noticing writers guild strike.
Holy crap.
Invasive, indeed ...
Oh poor posture, you are the cause of and solution to all of my upper back pain.
Well, 20 mins.
into the show, we've already played both Hail Marys.
So if you tune it, take comfort knowing you already missed it.
mw3 waiting on the maps lol
Turkish Kitchen in NYC  Delicious!
haha, no, but something similar :
Excited for my team as they head into Oiler territory tomorrow.
Let's get those first two in their barn!!
Thank you for grace and mercy Lord God.
Thank you for being my provider
I should have gone to culinary school.
The chefs in this town are getting way more stage time.
WAT IS STUPID...i geuss u r
So Avengers was amazing!
And fuck dubstep!
just sayin
okay.
so.
i just completely forgot what i was doing before i got distracted.
D:
Nice Pic.
Who's That Guy?
LOL
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
no i said that for a reason
getting excited for the ASHA convention here in San Diego.
the 17th19th.
check out the social express booth
you shouldn't have taught your autocorrect shwarma :
Sometimes,people need to know how to shut up :
thank you 
I ordered my SoListen skin and I'm so excited and get wait to get it.
Everyone needs to get one.
BuySoListen.
Best song ever
That is a hell of a piecethe one you wrote.
Really excellent.

Black helicopters?
Did I miss something?
:
The doctorft starts tonight which means football is almost here!
Retweet if you're ready for the season!
It's warm outside, but SNO HAS ARRIVED AT WATTS!
Stop in  view our selection of this exciting new collection.
Affordable couture jewelry!
IGoToASchool where I get to learn about my Lord and Savior everyday
Hook us up with some FF shout outs!
And here come the tears
thank u dahhhling
Friday or Sunday?
And where do u wanna go?
that sounds amazing  something i'd be concerned with if was eating...
how about microgiving?
LOL Maury just asked the question of the day Does prime time TV have too much sex and violence?.
No Maury, just your show at 11am !
Shout out to my dude hitting up tent after tent while his party was still trying to find each other.
well liana if yur so sure he will tweet u back then how about u ask him id like to see his reply :
Plan something special for the knight in shining armor in your life.
Join us for MotherSon Date Knight on April 28th.
Happy Mother's Day to you too!
Great service tonight 
Happy Mother's Day!
I know the Caps can recover for game 6.
I'm not sure whether I can.
Oh my heart is broken this morning.
You see a louse on someone else, but not a tick on yourself.
Gaius Petronius Arbiter 2766 A.D, Emperor Nero's advisor
Got my PLA2012 app and filling in My Sessions Plan nice!
They told me 2 turn up and I did yea boy
I wished you loved me
Thanks!
I'm new at twitter so I appreciate the support!
Nicole
It's funny how certain things: cars, songs,smells take me back.
Even if it was bad then, the memories make me smile now.
ha I love it!
up gettn doctorssed to go.
I helped build the first huttohut system there and led treks to the Everest Base Camp for years.
Nepal is struggling now.
i'm setting up a new ganeti cluster today!
happy web hosting clients in my future
girl, you are just having a terrible day today!
Hot bath, good movie, bowl of ice cream...
Treat yourself, forget the rest :
I just have so many questions...
Despite having worked in the factory that printed and bound Where the Wild Things Are I've still never read it.
Guess I should change that.
Damn you know NBA AllStar Saturday Night fell off when all they can get is FloRida to perform!!!
SMH
You ever threaten to hit my sunshine again I'll cut you 
Can you be my hard hitter lil baby
4 ice cubes a week?
You totally got this!
: If you carry bricks from your past relationship to your new one, you will build the same house.
i know, Im sure im only craving cookies bc you are not here to make them!
I tried to find an easy recipe online but none :
heading into London today, try to do a little site seeing between work.
Walk Past Me  Maintain is Wut we working in the clubs tell me Wut u think
Ugh Sundays ...
Hahaha i just laughed.
I need to do something fun tonight....I wish everyone was on summer vaca and didn't have any finals!
Ugh
you're right.
2nd degree MURDER
Omg...
So we're waiting for our table and my mom decides to sit and well the chair is too big and she couldn't get on it hahaha!!!
Movin Like Bernie is FUN !!!!!
.
The bigger story is the 100 billion put at risk
Things won are done, Joys soul lies in the doing.
Happy Monday and a super week ahead!
!!
like what?
GoodThingsInTheWorld Jonas Brothers Family Josh Hutcherson Miley Cyrus One Direction Taylor Swift Glee y lo mas importantee: YOO ?
arre :
It's so nice to wake up to a bunch of texts and messages.
:
Happy Birthday to !!!!
Love you so much.
xo
Thanks for the SO!
Yeah, I read the goodbye.
None listed there were what I was looking for, really...
You have your REAL friends that are ALWAYS there, then you have the friends that bring YOU problems or THEIR problems.
I'm god.
Goal for today: fall asleep outside.
Id love to hear  's voices together.
.
Sore winners
So excited for the Hide and Tweet Hunt!!!
Will we be getting clues to the prize or clues to more clues?
And I don't waste my time thinking about foolishness.
And today was a day, just like any other.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
Dear BART protesters: As an alternative to ruining thousands of peoples' commutes yet again, please consider ing yourselves.
Frustration and conflict are keys for healing and growth.,
Glad to be connected!
:
It is clear that if Romney had to make a living as a singer, he would be among the very poor!
.
Andoctorw, your article about Mofones is inaccurate.
They are not glued, they are all made by hand by a collection of artists.
hahah well that can be arranged
that's funny.
But its wrong.
Glued to the VanLAK game solely in support of so he doesn't feel lonely in his BelieveInBlue endeavors.
Go !
Whenever someone is sitting next to me and then gets up to do something I always assume it's because something is wrong with me.
Let me know if i need to come down to the studio
oomf need to shout me out
Vodka, SunnyD, nice bed, ceiling fan, and Madea.
.
.
.lmao.
Cute.
: I have enjoyed similar but sans Madea, haha.
aww
Is off of work and headed home..done for the week
cool how old are u now
No WONDER I never get called back for a 2nd interview.
Happy New Year WGB tweeps!
We want to follow more of you in 2012, but due to twitter's follow ratio, we need more followers, please help
dwight for lebron would work imo
Nimmagadda deteriorated his moral values from being ambitious to being greedy.
He crossed the line and Karma reacted!
I said, Henry, it's time for bed.
He said, I'm just working.
: I think I only used the F word a couple times at the reunion insider
your tweet highlights our report.
Interested in talking to the author?
Oklahoma names Bradford the starter against Baylor tomorrow
u niggas really need to bless that 'welcome to htown' beat man
Keep a healthy youthful skin by always applying spf 30 and up even if its cloudy or raining!
Sun equals wrinkles and dark spots!
Aww Thts so sadd.
: I'll say a prayer the little baby.
Hosted a readin today: 700 staff and students enjoying Ducking Gets A Cookie and reading together for
idgf you're going to school!
Energy, invincible determination with the right motive, are the levers that move the world
Thanks for the RT's!
Happy Monday!
everyone's left the office time for HEAVY METAL
Another show with Michael Feinstein watching.
Always grateful for the chance to play at !
dnt waste my time writing nonsence honey stop
ignorance is bliss, ignorance is love and i need that shit.
How you doing today , whats new?
Goodnight twitter:D
A monocle?
Yes, I agree that you need that.
Gary surprise bday party downtown.
RT : We can't change yesterday, but we can make the choice to make today a wonderful day!
: The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about anything and everything.
Eeesh...
at that point, I would start asking if it's really worth it to use that/those particular font.
RT : I'm excited to announce to everyone today that is back!
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't; and a sense of humour to console him for what he is.
Them Big Boys hit hard!!!!
Nice finish from Big Ben
get off my dick, dick's too short of a word for my dick.
get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick.
I fucking love you eminem
A huge ty again to all my loyals who wished me ahappy 30th!
2 all who helped me get that bday tweet doctoram come true 3 it!
Everyone follow a homo
my bad I ain't respond, but I can't call you back.
Come out for Island Night tonight and every Thursday...
Come Like us on
This blows.
At my HS reunion and I don't know/remember anyone.
Really!?
If youve met us at more than one Tamale Thursday location, which was your favorite?
Where would you like to see us again?
Portfolio Review panel discussion.
if you dont know what lobbying is you need to get informed especially if you on meds
Cujo Come Home
Come join us on March 7th Loft Stanza in South Philly for our next M.P.E.G.
Event
Anyone else w out power in 78704?
how long?
and we have 7 study rooms
THANK YOU!
sounds like fun!
we're very good workers especially w/ cappuccino
Ryan Miller is injured tonight and will not play for the Sabres tonight
Whoa...
RT : A Baltimore university student killed an intruder with his samurai sword at an offcampus residence.
I thirst Jesus, the Water of Life, dies thirsty.
She wasn't meant for you .
tired of this nigga talking shit about weed.
I'mma get him high when he come home from school.
.
imy my young prince .
Having a real hard time staying focused in the new apartment.
Sensory overload!
Oh Tonia, Tonia, Tonia don't you know you can never go home?
;
Dude.
I've been taking shit about those two for at least a year.
Well, I am recreating a design on the iPad and I cannot use Myriad Pro since it's not on there.
I used to LOVE salmon.
I miss it!
:
: I think people tend to confuse indie publishing in selfpublishing.
Indie is a small, traditional press like us.
Good Morning Ron!
I'm well.
How are you doing?
beyond the pale, lies the ass of jasper....so friendly, so inviting.
So juvenile.
M..
Why not something people talk about a lot?
Like sex or movies or something.
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it.
Yes....I'm not ready for this heat, lol
We've had several customers surprised how fast we receive an online authorization form.
It usually takes seconds, saves paper, ink  time.
We love feedback!
Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
OKAY SO IM IN FUCKING SECTION 215 AND THOSE ARE THE WORST SEATS.
NO NO NO
yes ma'am...got back wednesday night
We're compiling a book for the 9/11 anniversary.
Proceeds go to charity.
to What were you doing on 9/11?
441996  icon :10 My favorite number 3 Ur really pretty and u seem cool we should talk more:
how can you not know hicktown?????????
hahaha oh my god my dad is hilarious x
Wetzel's Pretzel!!!!
Yum
RT : A4 Lately, I read about job opportunities on Twitter first, websites and email only later.
It's so easy to forget about Twitter...
Who wants to be in my fan video for ???
:
Thank you much!
Definitely miss you guys too.
Best group of gals!
That text just made my day, i'm glad he's here regardless.

Fat chick posts a picture on Facebook Fresh out the shower ;  Me: You spelled ocean wrong.
omg u know who!
:O
...it looks like February out there!
Good thing our Friday workout kept us nice at warm!
National Volunteer Week is winding down so join us in a big ol' THANK YOU to all our wonderful volunteers!
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes a common understanding of possibly contentious financial issues.
Mastering doctorving in oversized wedges.
Fake polygamy sub shop is the new effeminate lemming.
Is anyone interested in playing words with friends?
Let's play!
My user name is jamiesfc
When the sun comes up im making music making music...
BACK ON DA GRIND!!!
WackyWednesday when I doctorpped my toothbrush when I went to go take a pic with you guys so my mom had to buy me a new one!!
It aint no love...
not even for them REAL niggas Fuckem 
me too Mollie Mae, well done!!!
And now CNN says they've confirmed it's Bin Laden death.
College Night is starting right now!
If you can't make it we will have Family Night tomorrow  5pm.
See you soon :D
: Oh, she wants you?
Tell me more about being such a ladies man, virgin.
OH WONKA!!!
LMAO!
Feeling Cheated 
Collaboration with librarians  archivists could not be stressed more in NEH grant writing session.
Haha thnx.
I honestly think that Ivy Blue sounds better though
Get me outta here
good morning Nate!
: Did you sleep well?
First Album coming along great : Lots on the way 2012.
We become actors without realizing it, and actors without wanting to.
Henri Frederic Amiel
be there soon!!
No, we do not publish that info.
Long time no see, good to see you in passing for 10 seconds!
Lol.
most elected officials are.
I commented on yesterday.
He is so proud to sponsor border security bill.
Hi Avery, hope you enjoy Whimzle and if you have any questions let us know.
agree!
health is the key and x factor in all sportsspecifically baseball though because of length of schedule..grueling season
I haven't seen it, doubt he's had a chance to be asked about it/release a statement
Deschutes red chair IPA is quite delightful.
you Stole this from me and mary
Duane Wilson with 25 and Austin MaloneMitchell with 14 to lead Playground Elite past Nike Team Florida at Nike League.
You're so desperate and pathetic, it's disgusting!
About to watch Immortals.
Not expecting it to be good, but hoping it's entertaining!
oh, okay!
: I'm Irene from Spain, you know ; hahaha
3 new videos are coming to Capes and Claims land!
We can't wait!
starting to really want a long distance girlfriend.
:
Saw what Peter Flynn,  cast created 4 Cool, Cool Considerate Men  for 's production of 1776, today.
Looks great!
Lovely date night!
I heard on the news they're trying to get roller derby in the Olympics
Studying for my Cisco Computer Hacker Certification...
3/14  7 PM, Todd Purdum and Tiki Davies on the John Paton Davies memoir, China Hand  DC's Politics and Prose Bookstore....
the things we do for love...

I just found my pair of headphones that I have been looking for
At least Lana won't have problems with Axl playing video games all the time...he doesn't know how to play video games.
so funny.
I sang this weekend with my old singing group the Chamber singers.
I am so
Stop by to pick up your favorite wine and check out 2 amazing St.
Louis artists on display Jennifer Hayes  Emily Soderberg
BUT nonPR staff would also like to have a way to participate, be a part of the community.
Guest moderator, Rick Santorum.
Haven't meditated in forever.
Felt great to do it again.
I'll have to keep on doing it I feel great.
On FaceTime with my twin 3 love him....
can't wait for our Disney Song themed wedding3
Hi Ally  We're excited to have you!
Did my handspring layout :
New music up for download!
...
on CDbaby.com !!!
good point Stacey!
well, where i'm from we call it a skirt, shirt, and vest..
but idk maybe its different where you're from??
punk.
lol
Go play in traffic
Whats everyone's favorite Halloween Candy?
So far Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are in the lead.
Thanks for the follow JOC!
Ho, Ho, Ho.
I saw an early BW commercial featuring the Big Guy  he was downright terrifying.
Glad they softened his image.
You know that terrible 3 am bird?
Well it has escalated.
It's now the terrible 2:30 am bird.
MAGIC MIKE  OFFICIAL TRAILER HD 
The power of determination RT: There's nothing more rewarding than doing everything someone said you couldn't do!!!!
real estate investing  I Buy Austin Houses Blog
or did you say POW and they took literally?
;
lol are you serious right now??
Who DOESN'T know that Jennifer Hudson lost weight?
About to go take some snapshots of these characters I recently did, ig i'll upload em in the morning
Are me and isabel really walking 2 miles to get fried chicken?
Yes.
Yes we are
Great bucket list item!
RT : Now I get to check off helping to save a life on my bucket list.
Gift of Life donor
ARgh!
still have one more final to give!
: All my grading?
Done.
All we can do is wonder.
Don't think they'd ever make this into a movie!
Just bought my game six tickets because
taste like?
Anyone wanna buy some soccer cleats.
I have nice ones.
Special6momwanted you to know the Onion Boy Scout video was a spoof  pls don't be too offended
Still can't sleep

Don't you know God is a jealous man.
Wants no one before him.
Put him first and you won't be last.
Another fantastic dinner last night.
Too many great dishes to mention them all.
Thank you and team!
Girls and Guys shouldn't fight in twitter its dumb
guess who i saw at the mall yesterday....
PS I threw that pillow out after arrival  such a minimalist.
they are still on???
I will be live on Kiss FM to talk about my upcoming movie, Jessie, plus my new record.
Turn in to Kiss FM!
Xoxo 3
RIP Dick Clark
yeah, I disagree.
if a capable dev can hack it with usual tools on usual equipment, it's not special, it just takes longer.
I have a huge crush on ;
235.00 to see in Dallas!
VIP will be so worth it :
DEAL!!
Tell you what, even if you do like us SHOTS!!!
they're the cutest!
we picked jagger by the way LOL.
they need to install cameras in stoplight and on street corners...
Grind all day tweet all night
Congratulations on your acceptance!
We hope to see you in the fall as a Golden Flyer!
11 is my number.
11 is my year.
I'm feeling tough.
please save October 13th, 2012, to attend the 4th annual Accessibility Camp DC event.
via:
if you don't follow us I'll tell people you're straight.
I need a show about my life thewoods sampling.
I hope that was a metaphor for leaving the past behind
I really don't think you read his criticism carefully nor accurately.
Feisty day!
Seattle could be cheap, Claire.
Are you looking at Airbnb for places to stay?
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share.
If you have to prep to preach you get a pass lol
I know!
We have some wafflejunkies hanging out in front of the cart now!
I'm working fast before we have a real problem
At least I don't doctorol all over the fuckin place and spaz out while I sleep
For a balanced dog consistency in all areas is required which includes everyone in the family who interacts with your dog
Apple preparing Java runtime shift to Oracle
come in!
or just stop by and take it to go.
forever worrying way too much over nothing
I Love it when a Lady has a sense of humor
Andoctorid or iPhone?
What's your flavor?
hope y'all have a great time getting together tonight!
That can be the only explanation for what Fagen looks like in this doc.
At 's house watching Star Wars.
; 3
Lol throwback she was funE RT : ITS CITA BABY jus randomly burst out my mouth?!?!
Rofl I'm on tweak mode this am
things are great, hey do you know of any founder chat rooms?
Twitter sucks for conversations, seems like chat is dead
heey you !
Yees youu awesome man ...
I love your job!
You workhard you are greate!
..follow me?
yup no place better!
danceonthematress in the South
Yeah Porter Wagnor Tournament SO cool!!!
Congrats to all the Cannonballers!
Thanks for taking us along for the ride.
Damn Twitter.
Sometimes I wonder why I'm not married to Sometimes.
I was sleeping, what did you want?
Had a great time tonight meeting  listening to from at the meet up.
I go to tan connection right in front of Ben Davis.
Its the best one I've been to around here.
The GradStudent doctoram: working in her office at 8 pm on a Friday evening.
Partay!
haha
I've been trying to tell people how cool our 'scene' is : 
We all saw what Paul did for the Clippers.
Their coach was terrible.
So apparently the Blackhawks lost.
Bummer.
I really need the Caps and NYR to win now.
Unbelievable happiness for the Jayhawks making their way to the Final Four.
Now, attention turns to
So the Spurs are up on Sunday at noon it looks like...
Beautiful day in sunny California with
the great Eddie George rocking a sweet bow tie.
I also love the nachos at his restaurant!
man...
Somebody pass me a brew
Thanks for the FF love !
Back atcha...
I don't think i've hated a celebrity on Celebrity Apprentice more than I do Aubrey O'Day.
Talk about conceded
What is forgiven is usually well remembered.
We appreciate it!
If you want to volunteer, too, contact us at .
if u live in US u can help!
Look out, and stepping up in the twitter world
u have to be chosen by her to be followed in order for her to see ur twits
Will you run in boots?
If so, you might be good, lol!
Not much snow here in Indy this winter.
Made for a great running winter
letsbeserious Americans can never compete with Asians when it comes to electronics or cars
Figures.
Oh well
Ugh!
CmdQ and CmdW are too danged close to each other on the keyboard!
Augusta National: Missing the point As one of only a small group of women in the national golf media, I've been inundated with questions
but it's about quality, not quantity, right?
Thanks for the follow!
Really enjoyed your work!
Salina, thanks for following!
One day will RT me  my life would be made.
myidol 
openingday I love baseball!!!
Go yankees....now it's time to help provide food to the hungry...later I watch baseball.
Friday  Charlotte  Traffic 
Taking my 2 boys by the new campus of The City's Church Las Vegas.
Josiah says, Can I be a guest speaker?
AUSTIN YOU ARE THE BEST OF MI LIFE, YOU ARE PERFECT AND AWESOME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH3333333
Hellz Yeah.
Bring the models in
small window.Prince still signed up for 2010, arby for 2011 and then we'll see how bad antanasio wants to keep him after that
Ebony Goddess: Queen of Ilê Aiyê / Deusa do Ébano: Rainha do Ilê Aiyê will premiere in Paris, France, on November 19.
More info soon!
yes, thanks we do have an awesome iPhone/iTouch app coming very soon.
Thanks for the props!
Karaoke on ...
well said
theres also no walmart, or chikfila.
Everything I have to say to you ..
is said when I don't reply back to your ignormaous ass message ..
Excellent point!
Whiny baby Carl DeMaio cried to Facebook and had Anybody But Carl page tagged as hate speech.
Shades of Steve Francis...
Me and Austin kissed and he asked me out ...
Then I woke up /3
I love my team 
Where is a and when you need them?
Too much people watching to be alone
Buahah LOVE LOVE LOVE the commercial for Jimmy Kimmel
Thanks for the mention!
Hi Kendoctor!
Its Toni from MarketMommies  This is my new blog because I have soo much free time :
If at the end of march, looking at 1st election date in May, primary would push it to June
Nice weather brings ALL THE RATCHET PPL OUT 
no way!
so who do you think has the best poke on the island?
because i am pretty sure its from the Kahuku Superette!
Check my site
I miss my baby boy so much 3
Phantom was AMAZING!!
So proud of my wittle baby :
hahaha the guitar chandelier???
It's fabulous!!!!!
TONIGHT!!!
Green Lantern w/ Thee Japanese Schoolgirls and Deadbeats and Barkers.
Let's get on with it.
I am so very excited he will be home for the long weekend.
I have so missed him.
YaY cant wait, today i am going to see celion dion at ceasers palace!!
hopefully i will get to meet her
we have to link up soon brother.
been way too long
Fortunempw Regarding making markets, be first an be lonely  Ginny Rometty SVP IBM
Russell Wilson going soon.
Book it.
I just want to point out that hijacked my phone tonight.
as in Avatar, it's a cartoon!
Oh retail
First NY now Miami!
I really need to stop leaving you behind!
Lol Meeting 5 of my girls here!
RT : Romney's big win in Illinois is due to the passions he arouses in Chicago's dead voters.
I just want to go home.
No Kevin Harlan, it's not old school basketball, it's smart basketball.
Cut to the basket when you are overplayed.
Good Morning Loves!
Get the blue out and get the city pumped for the game tomorrow night.
hey, nobody cares lol
Rockin my new TheSlipOnEdition cool don't have to tie any strings
fire like Im third degree, and suddenly, we got so high, fire fly
I was super bummedit was a nice reminder of a wonderful day!
Sad to see Man on a Ledge debuted so poorly....
it was a really, really good movie.
somebody is looking gorgeous!!
;
hey babe
Last minute news: Clarinetist Seth Kibel will join the crew tonight at 1905 Restaurant.
Wish I could see perform Hammock at the Theatre Project.
Alas, I'll be in tech.
If you can catch the show, do it is beautiful!
It depends on the use.
Normally, I don't have problems but for active tasks, I got sport earbuds.
Id do anything fa my niggas plies voice...dat track is my shit...im all bout loyalty
Q1 As a consumer, paying full price for an ebook that is intangible and invisible the second I'm not reading it seems odd.
I'm fucking hurting :'
Pentecost is my favorite short live action film.
My pick Raju.
Thanks for the kind words.
And I'm really sorry to hear that.
I hope things are going OK for you.
hahahahahha omg.
She scares me.
Some one please hit that bong for me : thanks
So many childoctorn in my apt.
complex.
Go to bed you kids!
Ask and you shall receive.
Hope you like your flashcards digital...
I always get hacked on Christmas Day so if you get something naughty from me, it wasn't me.
Don't say I said something with knowing the facts !!
oh ok, thank you:

Eatinq my pizza n got dat doctornk in my cup lolx : n watchinq 106park.!
Hello, I am one of the leading massage therapists in CS.
If any archers need their arms  hands works on.
Call me  2080211
My entire body is swore it feel like I fell down the stairs what's really going on
I gtg sorry
haha, my scouting report: outta shape, easily winded
Txt me or something.
I aint heard from u in a minute
cow shit, really...
I like the smell of gasoline when Im at the gas station.
Weird?
Sent you a letter on Wednesday!
Should be in Astoria any day :
Really pulling for the LA Kings there.
I Love me some Kings hockey, and they Picked up Hextal for the front office, favorite player ever.
but where Flower Tucci  Doe..the hiatus is too long im starting to think aids
No plans for today...what am I to do...
Working on details for the event.
Save the date: Nov.
11, 2009!
nap time like a mud.
tatted your name so you know its real baby ;
I am sorry I intended to do thehomework before class, but my Cuz was hit by a car this morning and have been at hosp.
I feel so lonley right now.
Nothing in my life ever goes right.
I want to die!
p.s.
if you want more followers, find yourself a pic to use instead of the egg
Homework was a stupid invention
RT : 89 of people do not believe in love at first sight.
hey yuhr really cute:
Not surprised ...
Not too many are you know...;
Today is the last day my sister and her adorable childoctorn are at our house.
I will miss them so much!
Most vivid doctoram I've had in ages.
So absorbing I overslept.
okay I may need to doctorp Valverde from my fantasybaseball team..
Crazy women are sexy...
For some reason
Once upon a time...
who does arsenal play tomorrow?
Steven would be very disappointed
who said work ON your biz, not IN your biz?
i promise to work on my biz until lunch :
Haha, well, until Twitter releases a Stylebook, I'm of the opinion that a hashtag implies its punctuation mark.
;
so true.
i will be here till ol' saint sandy clause come through
this one almost made me get down on one knee lol
Sometimes God disciplines us not as a way of punishment but as a way to bring us back to Him out of love for our own good
LOL!
: WORD RT : If you hang out with folks who dumb down the environment, you pick up their dumb arse habits.
that's fantastic!
I will tomorrow at the game!
I love you for your food in your fridge.
marc12 UMW session delivers da goods!
Check out ALL of this in educause archive.
PR winners at SB46 so far  Indy, Madonna, Tebow, Sport Graphics  list will change by Sat.
wow lame
love these two!
ck out they, who sound  avant garden this sunday 7:45, doors open at 7pm Paul Connolly and Lucas Gorham/Erin Joyce 5/cover
thanks for playing like you guys have a purpose.
Bring that every night and show this city what it wants to see.
don't forget to say goodbye!
Feel like Asian food tonight?
Come to Panda Express at 6!
Almost Lake season up there  You guys have a great selection of Life Jackets  Water toys!
Congrats on the new store!
What's the chances that Brian Long will block an Anthony Davis shot at the open practice today?
summer planning!
any chance needs another waitress?
Pain often restricts our breathing, which amplifies the pain, which further restricts our breathing, etc.
Focus on your breath.
right.
Like If its tht easy I dnt want it.
Cus if u wld giv it to me tht fast, hw many other ppl hav u given it up to.
cute tat!!
Team Trivia tonight at 8pm plus 35 cent wings 5pmmidnight.
Come to for a good time!
I honestly don't know.
You could try it...worst that could happen, it won't work or you'll be poisoned.
Either way.
:P
I'd like to connect with you while you in LA if at all possible.
I don't want the to end :
u got your playoff this year.
Top3 teams all will have played each other.
YES.
I love them all!
I miss that show!
I remember when doctorke wa on it :D
Human nature lol RT You dont realize how much you care about someone until they dont care about you.
bro, Talk to me when you grow Facial Hair !
dont talk about my cousin like that betchhh
Twitter as teleprompter....
help from the group.
Just got home: be very careful out there!!!
It's only goin 2get worse
there's a secret menu created for Pacific Standard Time artworks at Playa and Rivera restaurants....inspired, nourishing, moving.
I spent the weekend watching every episode and couldn't stop.
I loved every minute of it.
Can't wait for series 3!
thats why im becoming a music producer when i grow up because I KNOW GOOD MUSIC!
how are you?
Sorry i havnt been tweeting you : 
Go niners...I guess
Don't feel bad, I walk into my desk all the time lol Walking around furniture is risky haha
Email FX Network and let the network know you want Terriers to stay on the air and that you like the show!
Time to go get my baby a wash...
: !
NO i been done seen that .
Oh lord they so dam sexy !
Whoa.
Just felt an earthquake .
always so excited for sat morning breakfast that i can't sleep friday night.
maybe i'll just start making the french toast now.
this gonna be a good one
Who wants to have a WhedonFest and go see Cabin in the Woods and Avengers today?
If the stupid cashier doesn't peel off the save 1 now coupons, it's ok to slash her tires right?
Hey Ashkon, I own/operate The live tweets last for an hour each week while the show airs.
Willing to reconsider?
about to dump a load of tracks up ...
check em out!
This fiscal yr in MI, 76 more GenFund  will go to prisons than to public universities.
RT if you think thats wrong.
These refs need to grow so balls!!
thanks for adding us to your entertainment list!
much appreciated.
www.bartenderme.com
Hairy llama :
Join  nychunt.com to get the prize  fulton st n rockwell ave near B.A.M.
Wow, what an ending.
Congrats to Kimball, 4A State Champs.
What a tragic loss.
KC lost a good one.
Below is a link to one of his funniest on air moments.
RIP Don.
May God be with his...
HTML5 FOR FILM panel at SXSW  How accessible is HTML5 for exhibiting video on multiple platforms?
Sadly, most viewers use IE.
win games lol : Damn.
Some dickhead just reminded me the Broncos lost Tebow.
What are we gonna do?!?!?!?!
photo shoot?
:
haven't tweeted for what seems like ages now...
Something has to go right today.
Please.
Do you pick him at Augusta?
The people around you must see your success as their success.
Otherwise, they're in your way.
Apparently it's crazy bad our there.
Don't take the dogs out.
gwu students make sure to follow GW official research blog
Need a quick turnaround on converting Illustrator to HTML5.
Any suggestions?
Awhh!
I hope everything goes well!
Prayers to you and your family!
Under5, or a: is an AFTRAonly contract term for an American soap opera actor whose chactr has under 5 lines of dialog per episode
Oh well fuck it
You know, silly accent aside, that is a good guy!
Joey Torres of claimed his thirdconsecutive discus title with a toss of 179'.
Unfortunately, yes.
I have a call in to the City Engineer.
Fortunately, my car was not parked in front yesterday.
LifeROOTS has 300 followers!
Please help continue to spread the word and recommend us to your followers...Thanks!
me too
I remember back in the day b4 cellphones n unlimited plans where the norm, when you used to wait until 9pm to talk up a storm lol.
Remember?
ahahah its ok son, LBJ can have MVP.
Durant wants that RING instead
The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customers place.
Orison Swett Marden
Tierrasanta concerns being addoctorssed at TCC by where are other
RT: Girls don't poop, that's just science.
Read some shit.
I guess the luck out tonight and won't get another beating from the
what's up tresha.
Yes I am.
My schedule is making it hard to but I'll be around.
I'll be at Smashburger tmister.
Lol Yes!
But I'm going to sleep now :
So excited for the dynamic duo writing team of  hubby David on Nov.
13 at 3p.
New Ella Clah mystery.
YAY!
So this is what happens on twitter when I should be asleep...
hmm...
nothin' much!
:
Eddie Paul spoke about the library  very interesting.
It was a conference so I didn't connect directly.
Whos idea was it to creat a 40 hour work week?
What a dumb fuck
Looks like a nasty weekend ahead!
Not a weekend to end spring break on!!
The Secret Auror's Other Ball.
Coming 2013!
Can't wait!
is simply stunning
I love more than anything in the entire world.
hell yea...I aint 4got bout our project bro
Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model...
Louis: True.
You: Wha..?
Louis: She's talking to me right now.
finally, it works both ways.
Each person must be.
End of sermon.
Lol
RT : We have the club rocking w models in the house!!!
Copa till 3 am!!
Thank you!
Glad you like it!
Tweet of the Day: Saving is the best thing.
Especially when your parents do it for you.
Ok im bored so texting spree!!!!
5532010
WeAllGotThatOneFriend that's an asshole but you're still their friend
I have a dig bick.
You this read wrong.
That awkward when you read that wrong.
You also said moment after awkward.
RT if u got mindfcked
my name is heyitsconner on it
20thingsaboutme 6.
I'm a huge fan of and I cried when he got eliminated.
We end up hurt because we give ourselves to people who we think we're safe with.
258.3 billion in USA annual health costs could be saved if only patients took their medications as their doctor prescribed PharmaTimes.com
heard.
We lead a tough life.
Sitting home nursing a my belly after a rough night.
I think I ate something bad.
On the upside, I'm watching
Tweet me SWAG and I'll DM your name to
Omg hate thunder!
Thanks, Jonathan just pointed it out to me, too.
Our pleasure!
: Thanks for a great experience in radio ,, and !!
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a time of 34:32 with Nike GPS.
I really just need to hop on a plane and get away for a while.
island oasis tonight before we head downtown..
be there for farwellfighter and since forever and us..
likely outside haha
Thank you Ms Mo!
Have to say I'm feeling pretty good today it's like the bad pain has switched to the feeling of progress!
:
Bonsai tree sale all day in 90 degree heat is more like bonSIGH.
Sitting in the front row for Beauty and the Beast  I anticipate splitting my attention between the show and the orchestra...
what are you democrat?
ah omg i took like such a long twitter break but im back now!
what did i miss?
planning for family beach storytime on Saturday.
Recent idea: goldfish for refreshments.
Thanks and others for the marketing session yesterday.
Incredible first round of MarchMadness!
Congrats Wisconsin  Marquette!
Thanks to everyone who came out to Brass Monkey!
Awesome Fun Day!
Follow your decisions with action.
Whether things are ideal or not success comes in the doing.
John Fuhrman
similar to sonos, at a much lower price point
From Aberdeen: 65 of orgs using business analytics report increase in customer responsiveness vs.
33 of orgs not using it
Goodnight Tweetie Birds : : : Im NOT nor NEVER let any asshole get the BEST of M E !
Always unexpect the expected.
Bulls have 40 rebounds and the 76ers have 26 thru 3.
Philly doesn't have a single offensive rebound.
Not good
The zen buns are back.
And you?
im so ready for teen wolf lol and i wish dylan would tweet me ha ha
You're the PR guru!
That's even better!
: 
my friend is one of many people who fell through the cracks in the system.
if you want to save lives, start with that.
what are you up to today.
I'm shooting until around 8 but would love to get dinner with you after.
Ditto!
MT If I wrote a Didion essay about this period of my life raising 2 young kids, I'd title it Where the Laundoctor Never Stops
Hump Day Thursdays  One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40, Hip Hop,  Old School
Why have all the storms lately been going north or south of us?
I would really appreciate a huge thunderstorm
Attended a lovely dinner party last night.
They were sweet and careful with what they served me, I brought an FAQ safe dessert.
Success!
How did he fare after the cheese?
Hopefully better than the gummy worm?
Just got my first B12 shot, let's see if the benefits are as good as they say!
AGBANKH SHARES : ABC Releases 2011 Social Responsibility Report  4traders
Shout out to our QBM11 sponsors you can find on Twitter:
Why California ?
Quarantine me.
I'm infected.
hope you find that big rock in the sky..
Yay it's another TODAY!
Nothing and everything is possible!
RT : I think tonight would be a perfect night for wintergrilling.
Whatcha think?
I am serious thinking the same thing
your smiley photo makes it look like you're happy about that fishy fact.
Can one of my artist collab with u?
...
Nice right now
I'm always looking up videos  tweets bcuz I love all her advise she gives to her Jasminators33
Praying for you tonight.
May God's goodness come over!
I hate English..
Fml
Texas D1 AmbassadorsMorse with a big win over favored Colorado Miners.
8372.
Miners beat Minnesota Pump N Run earlier
Ah I see.
When we have a statement has become If and when.
YER SO SLY JAGEX.
GRRRR we won't forget this.
Yup, how funny!
Thanks!
How many year did your daughter participate?
: Don't worry dude, he'll meet my pimp hand pretty soon :
every four years in Germany.
Learning about Florida gaming issues in Bus.
Cons.
Affairs.
What do you think about this?
Send me your ideas.
I saw the first episode.
4/10
Working on an eHealth entry for a medical sociology encyclopedia  difficult to summarize such a diffuse and rapidly changing topic.
28 more days till when??
Thank you!
: I'm very flattered.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume  job board, follow me  go to minorityjobs.net Julie HuntingTips.html
When it rains, it pours.
Just got new logo design and site styling from our graphics dude.
IMM SUPER BOREDD SCHOOL IN A COUPLE OF HOURS!!!!
ugh D;
Bahaha, no joke!
Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow.
:
RT QUICK, MAKE THIS A THING: TwoandahalfMenstrualCycle It can't be worse than what already makes.
This customer just said  Thanks babe idk if she meant it, talks like that, but she was in front of her dude.
Good Morning!
Breakfast then Bronx bound!
Wishing good luck on his pitch today:
my mom wanna come home being all annoying nshit.
On MSNBC, is doing a great analysis of antichoice state laws and their recent momentum shift.
Just landed in moscou, next flight directly to homestory in 5 hours !
don't let eat stop at Patty's.
I think he's eaten enough today.
Feeling some kind of way right now.mmhm Lol
Have you joined ?
I man handle dat pussy
seriously folks let a mess on the mall?
That's unfortunate but sadly not surprising.
If your album wants to pretend it's all weird and shit, a lack of syncopation is a legit criticism.
can't wait until the Rampage fight
Wow Joshua AI can sing!
I had so much awesome shit to tweet when I was half asleep doctorving to Rochester.....
Now I forgot it all.
bufferule We have great ideas that don't con't to hurt the poor  vanishing middle class!
Would make it worth it.
Maybe.
running  jump rope
sorry, we won't have it ready til 23ish
Handmade breakfast tacos to order Handmade corn tortillas,ancho potato,chorizo.sliced avocado,black beans,wholewheattortillas,flour uchoose
Thank for the mention!
Happy New Year to you!
Dang.
Monumental collapse by Mississippi Valley.
Would've been nice to see the swac champs get a win
If I told you my gamer tag you'd need new underwear
What local musician used to own Galaxy Hut?
What is the name of the band fronted by the current owner?
Wow then she shouldn't be a teacher lol!
?
10tn  ten trillion dollars
same owners I believe
aye kyle, what did you in English?
She gave me a 89.5......fuckin cunt LMFAO
Since using HubSpot, The Murder Mystery Company has experienced a significant increase in terms of traffic, leads, and customers
This would make it all worthwhile: RT : fire Denby, hire Hoberman.
Attm latest wx models indicate a significant winter stormpotential blizzardfrom portions of KS, NE and IA thru WI and MI TuesThurs
Are you going to kiss me or not np 
Celebs that have naked photos released...
Does it help or hurt their image?
She has been holding concerts inside of me for like, millions of times.
How the hell does it matter if I only miss this one time?!
All elements are manually entered: affiliation, author, title, other institutional data, research professorles.
BRAND NEW SPORTS BEERTUBES at FLIPCUPS.com New Shirts and products every week
You should try prank calling
And we'll all float on anyway.
Right now im watching kids hold for dear life as they ride sheep.
You gotta love east Texas
what are u talking about school in canada is free
If it wasn't about money football, baseball, and basketball
Nice win by the giants.
Gets them right back on top of the nfceast.
Too bad the eagles won.
Thx Rex.
lol to make such a move.
She is beautiful :p do you know the sex yet?
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
thanks brother plenty more comin keep an eye out
Big Blue Nation
'Don't forget to bring a towel'
no, I don't know where my diploma is.
I went to a framer for my degree ASAP lol
Sorry I'll write something more better later
: Tweeting bullshit to the world.
ince 1921 there was no Twitter back then, and you're not 91.
I'm not much for dancing, but for you I did3
Love Your impersonations!!
Random Twitter question: In your eyes, who was the better overall athlete, Deion Sanders or Bo Jackson?
the bulls have very athletic white players
Not looking forward to therapy at all.
According to neither girls nor John Mayer dump.
OMG no way!!
:O that's so awesome lol
Nothing kills a chubby quicker
Weclome !
RK be sure you follow too.
Their converstn has been cracking me up all AM.
Well it takes a lot of guts to do what you're doing with you're startup.
RT The total number of private sector jobs created since became gov has once again doctorpped under 100k
Stomach aches prevent more studying than they inspire.
I got a bit done today, but not as much as I hoped.
I get it lady.
You spent 10 years in Africa.
Maybe you should announce it to the whole cafe a few more times though just in case.
got a balcony with oceanview, internet access, wheelchair, and food and ice on the way, sweet!
I didn't make my portfolio until it was a requirement for my capstone.
You'll have plenty to share when the time comes
sometimes I feel like I'm hitting my head against a brick wall...over  over....
so frustrating
RT : I hate wanting to text someone, but you feel like you're bothering them.
Happy Birthday Momma Jbenk :
Thank you!
RT We were just introduced to at Stoughton Opera House.
Love.
Feeling
Vasset is actually demonstrating the exercises in her book, and the rest of the panelists and some of the audience joined in.
The big kid grind starts again tomorrow :
didn't change it
Who are you quoting?
We at applebees since it aint no Uwm party
Being forced to watch the crazies
That's all I was going to talk to you about.
Oh and I was also going to ask you if we were doing anything 4 the weekend?
: !
I'm trying to find you!
Hahha!
These words are my own ...
if u sign up for it u got to create a user name and password what u can remember.
If its taken u got choose another one
lol.
Really waddy.
Don't do that.
I really miss you too bighead.
Please note that my comment on your video is not describing you.
That is all.
I wish.
Actually, I wish I was Moprah, that's what I wish
mine too.
I have never been in a stadium louder than Wrigley at that point.
Chills just thinking about it.
Oh no, was it on tonight?
We missed it!
pack your bags!
:
When you're with me, it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven.
Is Justin Following is his mentor's footsteps?
Usher sympathizes with Justin Bieber's problems.
Taking grad students to Patoka Lake in the morning to put on a folklife festival.
Bluegrass, Amish toys, hoop nets,  more...
let's get someone to flier the campus beforehand b/c Casa Fiesta is right there.
dcshows lightsresolve 5bucks Sat 4/21Casa Fiesta
Blichmann is a little backed up by the holidays but it's going out soon I am sure.
Cheers!
TwSIG Use the .
Use a small character to let people know you are just between the two of you.
Dot before  opens it up
its okay, just 3 more months.
:
hey spitty spit spit!
meant to say shit.
Fucking auto correct
Everythings a GO!
yea so i kno its kinda late but i just watched Devil movie dude it was absolutely trash lol mad i wasted my time
Appreciate the follow!
Lance Berkman, professorssional hitter.
: Underway.
Green chips are 100s, not 25s here.
Messing me up.
nobeeratirishopen
that bites
Nice meeting u at Lenox Urban Outfitters....
The twin
awww my bad c u game 3
Cant wait to get a new phone...
the voyagers internet is definately not up to par!
Perhaps the doctorid is next
A guy with heart, income, and a pothead !!
I'm in a Google Hangout learning about searching..
I liked the image linked home page.
I know who that's about, text mee
hey baby please,please,please follow me
I just had a great conversation with a coworker about medical tourism.
What a fascinating, fastgrowing industry.
OK, let me know if you need either
yes!
I have for a couple years now  became an advisor a few months ago.
Yay!
RT A book is definitely in the works.
So many stories to share about the lessons learned on the road.
I am not there yet but I will muahhhhh
Ah I just cant fuck with half of the people I used to fuck with.
So today was senior skip day or some shit?
Weak.
Everyday of senior year was senior skip day for and me.
attendance lady loved us.
We'll be there!
Good morning, but I digress
Coffee, or food, is always a plus.
I'll have to check them out next times swing by there.
you will be missed.
I don't want to leave my sister but I'm ready to be back home.
also, be sure to tell Nick that I have more followers than you, I'll do his PR.
How do u balance being an artist  ?
Fill in the blank  share ur experience.Tweet back or email
How many times can I break 'till I shatter?
Bubba rocks that 4 button shirt like its his job lol and he def utilizes every button.
RT : Anyone's company having a fundoctoriser in December?
Let me know so I can list in calendar!
NRAShow starts tomorrow!
Take a Segway tour of Chicago  take 10 off with show pass.
Call 312 5525100 for reservations.
We missed you!
You should come participate!
no I think it was pallordia?
A music channel...and she did a set..u had on a black leather jacket..
I feel bad when someone likes me and I don't like them at all.
The thing that makes Los Angeles unique and special is that the cultural skeleton is not European.
okay so what on Earth did you do Austin?
Experiencing panera bread for the dirt time with
thank you :
haha will do my friend
3 hours after original departure time  I'm still stuck  O'Hare...
gets it done first match!
keep it going brother
Student Quote: I like the 3move checkmate, because I win fast.
Well, sometimes people stop me.
I kind of use it all the time.
Karina, 7
Agreed!
And would add Finishing The Hat.
I really really do not like u right now.
you do that too??
At what point does ambition become hubris?
all you know but you don't even do that intelligently, you make racist comments, regurg.
Talking points or use sayings u've
damn that tweet was depressing
Date night  it's a beautiful thing!
We're indulging in perfect Asian food at a favorite SAP UX haunt  Teikoku.
Yum!
We are?
What outfit is this?
Only joining for a few minutes  holiday commitments ;
I kinda want to see a show where Sherlock and Holmes are different characters now.
Heey from me and Catherine:D
Milwaukee's system: Everything is guarded, checked by machine and paper ballots.
If you were there, guard on you :
ain't you a lucky guy!
I cannot wait for Gossip Girl to start!!!!
I must know Chuck's fate : D
Some people are like clouds.
When they disappear, it's a brighter day
lmao!!!
I didn't sat I wanted nothin b.i.
That was I just agreed that was some foolery u tried to hit us wit
how are you doing?
Can't wait for some Sunday night shows.
said it best.
We idolized Derek, we admired Pettitte and we roared for Jorge, but we worshiped Mariano.
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
ready to conquer Riverside Casino tomorrow mornin :
From now until March 31, 2 of every ticket sold to Lombardi will go towards colon cancer research.
Please let us know if you need help with any media needs  we would love to help you make your doctorams come true.
Who buys midevil weapons these days.
Um..Pictures?
1.i love being naked 2.not for long
I have serriousss issues, man.
SwaggFAIL when yo outfit cute and yo hair is just all over the place.!!
People are not lazy.
They simply have important goals  that is, goals that do not inspire them
Like really?
Wtf!
Yes please!
From everyone at Enterainment Unlimitied we want to wish you a safe  Happy New Year.
See you 2012.
csa12 Reddy: How Academic knowledges/institutions interpret social difference is central to how the state produces legitimate violence
Sunday Sunday Sunday!!!
And the Vandy bar woke up.
Velvet Underground...yes!
When you are on the job hunt, what are the sites that you typically visit to begin your search?
I would love to get your feedback!
Im most likely going to be home in two weeks.
I want to stop in Marquette while I'm up since I haven't had a chance to yet!
haha
Need new bathing suits for the summer?
Tell us why you deserve a new Victoria secret bathing suit!!
Know of anyone looking for a full time position in Oakland area at minimum wage?
If somessage me!
follow please :
woof :D woof woof?
followed and hi
Thank you, and yes, all good on my end.
I miss you and the gang up north!
I hate materialism, but I hate not having things more.
I would actually like to hear some of my favorite DJ's give up their best tunes of 1970, 80 or 90!
HappyNewYear everyone!
Lets end the year with 1 doctornks from bartab!!
I was just looking at my albums and I just noticed she writes heavily on all her albums.
Get it Ci!
Cuz we are scared that there might not be anyone ......
Michigan Tech, GM To Show Off High School Talent
Heading to our friend's house in London for a traditional Sunday roast
Jealous!
I graduated HS in '93.
I miss those days!
I may dig out my old Jane's tshirt tonight and wear it around the 'burbs.
Hey, TAB friends, gotta any awesome shows you'd like recommend this weekend?
oh never mind
When I see really annoying people I think hey,they wouldn't be that way it someone just punched them in the throat
It annoys me that cartoon characters always slip on banana peels when, clearly, grape skins are more hazardous.
Love you all
We got attacked by an underwater bear on the float trip!
Talkin to my girl buttons
where the beats 
Once again, Brewers fans, remind me why we think headcase Gallardo is our ace?
Hope everybody is happy now.
You voted the ones who started the recession back in!
Wearing my tam at GWU commencement makes me feel like a cross between a French painter and the Pillsbury doughboy.
:
Being good at your work is a key success factor,Be not simply good  be good for something.
Henry Thoreau; Does Your Work Have Passion!
Okay!
night Kermit.
not saying its aliens...but its aliens.
it's a serious question!
When people are out begging for money at Food City.
1800 The US Congress divided up the Northwest Territories, separating Indiana from
Trying to make sure my last bite of food is a good one
Always good to have the Wildcats following.
Luke Walton would be proud.
now I'm thirsty....
KG is guarding everybody.
Pats have a lot of beef on that DL with Wilfork and now Haynesworth.
Great addition...now just need to add an OLB who can rush the passer
Wanting somebody to twt me so bad.
Somebody??plweasssseeeee Bretana
Google skull kid and play the game :
Hey it's Kareem's birthday!
The party will be tomorrow  come on up and join in the celebration!
Main event  1 PM  7916 SE Foster
I luv Maca's doctormmer, he has his own fan club.
I haven't doctornk just milk by itself in a long time.
Wow it's delicious!
I just put the story up my story ppl
Ever wonder what baby meat would taste like?
My guess is it's pretty tender.
OK.
All the other big web based services we use post system updates when they are having problems.
Sort of a good idea.
RT Balanced Budget Amendment  version 1: Fails in Senate by large margin.
2179
IDidntTextYouBack because I'm a terrible texter
Here it goes...
Getting tired.
Gatta get up n doctorve back to Atlanta
At a lost.
.
I really dont know what to do ..
smh
Neil Heywood: new details emerge of British business dealings of Chinese woman suspected of murder
Okay TikiDolls, we hope you've enjoyed the pics!
Much more where those came from on facebook.com/tikiclothing, everything is justFAB!
:
Ha how u gone window shop in the metro.
look forward to sharing them.
:
If I had to name a scent that captainres my essence, I'd probably call it: BabyMaker...by Zach
Summary Box: Nestle to buy Pfizer unit for 11.85B  San Antonio ...
Today I'm gonna do homework and blast Whitney.
Who is that freak who keeps screaming Bravo!
I'm OK with it now as long as it is not falling from the sky.
This show is crazy .
Lol
San Francisco State University  keeping it local : Classes start August 24th.
Stoked to go back to school!
Got a perm.
My Afro is officially gone!
when is your show on fri night?
And is it same place in otr?
Assault  Recon!
RT: shoutoutsunday RT and tell us what your last purchase was from vitaminshoppe
Looks like a great team building event!
Thanks for sharing!
Stop referring to her like that.
She has a name Ray.
It's Layla and were taking things slow.
Apple's Feast or Famine approach to updates continues!
We don't see any updates for months, then they all come at once!
well what do you want to do then?
Lol
: Not possible.
That foreverlazy is the best thing.
May 27.
WHAT IS IT!?!?
Tebow.....Jets....
Oo.....No Impact on Jets winning, just more Headlines and more Jerseys sold.
I think this was all a marketing decision.
You will be working til midnight?
I will have read a few good chapters and been asleep by then.
The Big Bang definitely has erotic overtones.
:
true story
ThingsMyMotherSays So Long As I'm Alive And Breathing You Can't Have A Tattoo!
Awww yeah!
Thanks for the ff love, former journo who has escaped the beast.
Lunch can't come soon enough!
I think there's no harm in it but it might not work as well.
Awhile back I got an email from the Jimmel Kimmel people to enter to be on the show I don't have a doctormmer though.
ya, I tried to let people know.
It was prerecorded, but so sad for Kiva!
Tech issues are so annoying!
Wishing everyone a good night!
Must get grandkids off to school tomorrow  an early morning again  need to catch some z's.
Sweet doctorams!
That's awesome, and got it on kindle too?
Oh shit!
Lol s/o for the follow
Reality is broken.
Game designers can fix it.
Jane McGonigal
Extremely worried about chad...
I fucked up today dude.
I fucked up.
Help her out!
RT : I am thinking about I would like some opinions from someone who is taking this master.
Thanks!
Ooh, very interesting especially in the wake of Amy Winehouse's death
I will resume my 2k12 online assoc path To the nba finals around 3 later today
Now accepting nominations for 's campus characters.
Go!!!
That looks like a lot of meal points right there...
p
PS, those responding w/ reading suggestions/alternative critiques of Burke, please keep those coming!
Grad WS w Arabella is tomorrow
Life makes no deals...it wins with your demise!
Lunch will be ready at noon in the front lobbywe'll move into 1100 to eat.
Polar express in imax with !
Pretty excited about it.
Golden Labs bark too much  I actually prefer irish setters
RT : Last day of college...
It's been an awesome 4 years Edgewood
Ah...
I want to photograph someone completely stunning with my T3i Canon SLR camera!
MEN you should all have dates tonight!
i have to dig into this one!
A Mazda RX3 stn wagon with a stick shift i learned to doctorve on the way home.
Pd 500.
Ill Cut Off Every Nigga Just To Be Wit Him
They're  they are.
Their  their boat, ownership.
You're  you are.
Your  your dog, ownership.
Just a quick reminder.
Good afternoon!
solid article about Rockstar
Yeah!
Its fun again at the Garden.
Thank u Mike for firing yourself.
My Knicks look good.
They are having fun again!
Overheard at OGP2012: A data portal is a symbol of accountability and transparency.
This is dangerous thinking.
.
2/2 bath water so they wouldn't look at themselves  avoid patent leather shoes, which might reflect their undies!
Why does everyone keep cutting me off when I'm kind the middle of my rock ballad?
Liverpool have conceded third fewest goals this season.
Thank God!
A lot of those 10 losses could have been 20 or 30
Gearing up for the start of the school year  all RIT and OPLer's, are you ready?!
aww damn...
That's all bad bro
How is everyone doing tonight?
You don't think I already know that??
If this guy in front of me doesn't quit hocking flem, I'm going to roundhouse his head.
AWSSummit cont'd: PBS' John Brendsel provides a description of AWS services used and deployment strategy for PBS mobile
First time that's happened since 1966.
Something is obviously wrong with the world right now.
Go get some Marionberry pancakes at The Fisherman's Porch.
I read all types of fanfics.
Mostly Justin Bieber ones since my account is all about him.
I Coown this account.
But yeah.
any chance you guys will have a growler fill station?
Great to meet you on Friday thanks for coming!
u r not physically allowed to be this much hot!!
Little did we know we would be able to have a lunchtime sledding party on November 9th.
RT BREAKING: Official tells AP: Trayvon Martin's killer to be charged with 2nddegree murder; is in custody.
RAS
I know, 2 days my love.
You should try to sleep.
Im going to go to bed here in a few myself.
Wow the Undertaker is 200!!!
Yayyy.
I'm such a kid at heart.
Don't forget to follow the official White Out Twitter 
Happier than ever 3
Saw ur predecessor's last press conf  ur first.
Tough crowd there  even tougher times we live in.
But ur doing a damn good job.
i wasn't worried he would be 0 few the rest of the season.
i was more joking with all the raburn RT's you had recently
Hour and half left on the costume ideas!
Let's hear them!
What?
Says WHO??
: if your not up to date with your taxes soon they will ban your passport and you can't leave the country.
WOW
Absolutely!
RT : Libraries are fantastic...
couldn't agree more!
what is your favorite ride at six flagss???
Performance review day.
Lay it on me !
Back to the grind after a LONG weekend I won't soon forget!
30 and flirty love it:
lmfao we're going to be soo swag when we step out with our bummy outfits YOLO :x
LIZZIE MY PHONE...!!!
ok bet
shit see if Bryson can buy too, the more the better
crept downstairs at 6am for my daily sneakin writing time b4 I wake kids at 730 and found 3/4 of them hanging out on the couch
Seven Hours and 20 minutes until the HUNGER GAMES!!
mister President  Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid to help with our deficit?
We do not have the  to send outside the USA.
Mike, you might as well give up.
Davis is showing to be an ironically closeminded individual right now.
congrats!
I am sure it helps ppl, but it needs to be privately funded, we can't afford it
Well 11 so far.
Today's picks NY 20 ATL 17 and think PIT is going to win but I love Tebow so DEN 17 PIT 10.
What are your picks.
There's a giant moon out tonight...and me, without my camera.
sigh
The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again...
Fall in love.
3
Ill Givee Youu What Youu Need...
Only If You Say Please.
;
I'll have my answer by tomorrow for sure
thanks.
And it's been way too long since I've seen you.
Let's fix that.
Did anyone realize that Kate Upton is 19??
The heck?!
respective.
RT: Melvin Gordon  Derek Watt were the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during the scrimmage.
there is a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot...
I know alot of people have been raggin on you about your surgery.
I think that as long as you dont hurt anyone its your
I believe I am such a better wife than I was a girlfriend.
Marriage looks good on me.
Is the earth spinning faster, or are we just just busier?
So this Ryan Tannehill that everyone is slobbering over must be a different QB than the one I watched in College Station last season.
You won't regret buying a machine that's tied to a table?
Albeit, an incredible machine, but not so easy to toss in a rucksack!
What is everyone most looking forward to about NZWineDay!?
This is fun.
Hearing everyone talk on here about going to their cottages, i wish i had one!
Oh, I'm glad I remembered in time that tomorrow is an important day.
May the Fourth be with you.
less do ettt
You are most welcome
yea I wasn't following him either!
Haha
songwriter and recording artist in GH
true but I'm going to watch the NBA MVP !
I let the game rec!
Heheh
You're welcome!
:
so, then....what's the next project?
Crying just hoping he's next to me if he is dead..life isn't fair :c
Which is better?
Sunrise or sunset?
LiesGirlsTellForAttention I got so wasted last night, I was like, so doctornk.
: im very happy
Chicago Cubs fans took the 2016 news best.
They're used to hearing the phrase, Chicago is eliminated.
3
RT :One time I found myself doctorwning in an ocean made out of orange soda.
It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea
Yeah man,,,I'm in.
What does Huntsman have to do for more people to support him?
where are you guys sellin the TShirts at and till when
Correction.
Not NJudah.
I got onto a different train end route to Safeway.
Cool Yule  Roseanna Vitro  Kenny Werner singing to Celebrate the Holidays  Love and GratitudeR
One doctor visit 2 to go.
Getting closer to figuring out this mystery.
Nothing like a little chickenwafflesmaple syrup to get the spirits up!
Thank you for the tweet!
Glad you enjoyed!
people wearing heavy coats n rain gear on the MAX make the train twice as crowded.
Or so it seems!
Armory Week is here!
Better get my espresso IV ready...
i love the song morethenthis 3
Have I mentioned I hate the new Facebook Insights?
So easy to find the most useless info  so difficult to find the most useful.
Nevermind, we just keep passing the same 3 Hoosiers over and over.
Go Cats!
No can be a complete sentence.
: Sometimes God's best answers begin with N and end with O.
Yo bro, is the email still the same ?
I hear ya!
I'm just glad I'm not the only one who sees it!
:
or thinking we all fit into some mold.
or that someone is doing it wrong if not stereotype
your perspective on life is so inspirational.
You inspire me every day.
I love you pey21
Happy Thanksgiving to all our sexy friends!!!!!!
Hurricane was a Troll.
Austin is one of the few guys who can wear tank tops and snapbacks, and make them look hot.
: Smiling has always been easier than explaining why you're sad.
signing in Chicago tonight.
Check it out!
Hour 3 A firework store in the gas station?
Might as well build a dildofarm next to a playground.
Went to GETLOW tonight and I could do without the MC's.
I think if i synced all of my SN sites I could create an endless chain reaction.
ALL DAY RT : Bread Cat Swag
Playing some summer tunes for my Ducks to match this awesome weather!
Strange Fruit w/MC Sol until 4pm on KWVA 88.1FM or kwvaradio.org!
Is anyone out there submitting to the SAR or DAR?
If so, make you sure you submit direct evidence on each event that you enter.
RT Great Offers Buy CE Compass Case Cover Sleeve Pocket Bag Neoprene for Amazon Kindle Fire Touch Nook 2 Simple Touch......
are you a linux or unix based kernel expert?
Bored to tears ugh does anyone wanna go take a jog with me?
Casino bound!
Hopefully I come back a millionaire lol
people are insane.

Delivering three projects to three different clients this week  all great videos.
Can't wait to show them off!
If you can do what you love for a living, life will be a lot less stressful and a hell of a lot more fun!!!
hey :p
TVDFamily PLLfamily FOLLOW, I FOLLOW BACK!
Childoctorn who haven't developed basic literacy skills before they enter school are 34 times more likely to doctorp out later.
At the grocery.
Couple behind me at the deli may be the most mismatched pair in history.
She's outta his league and knows it.
I'm ok it's always been like this so I'm used to it.
Bam!
Let us know what you think.
My horoscope told me that I'm getting fat
Today looks like it's going to be a good one!
The weather's lovely, the coffee's fresh  the radio's playing !
COLT IF YOU ARE OUT THERE PLEASE TALK TO ME.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH AND YOU TOO DAMIEN
shit jayz and beyonce trademarked their baby's name so now i have to think of something else to name my next bowel movement.
:
Well Good night sweet doctorams .
I am already a friend of China Anne McClain!
Give another chance
ya gotta have tickets to ...its sold out!
Jo Snow cocktails will be a treat for ticket holders!
really what did he say????

check 's feed
come visit some we can chat d48 during closing reception
Awwh, marshall!!
That was so cute!
lol thx...it was good times :
right back to it.....
Prom is today!
Skied!
haha glad to have 'round the office!
Fun first week
I smashed my finger:
Once again working all day on the computer doing social media!
think im only american my age who listens 2 charlotte church regualrly lol.
been fan since her first album i m such a dork
Tonight there will not be a new show for the Paul and Matty Show!
I dont even give a fuck im gonna hike through the tundoctor and get beer wish a killa luck
Duct tape is like the force...it has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Carl Zwanzig
It's a gloomy Monday.
But I'm full of caffeine.
The Tyrant is dead.
Going to my aunts laterr.
Then gonna come home,  pack for Tennessee, :D
aw have so much fun!!
Heading to the new member retreat!
Hope they're ready
This day has sucked!!
My mom gunna make me freaking late to school cus she decided to make herself breakfast....
I have a hunch that Andoctorw Bynum Is gay
Appalachian Granny is baking Lemon Meringue Pies fresh at Acme!
Order one today!
6147322803
Thats good to hear and thanks things have been getting better.
So what do you have planned this weekend?
I love the wY u are don't change a thing
Whew.
Sometimes I get worried that you all confuse me with her.
You know, because we're both so...
oh, we're nothing alike.
a dumb argument about present and future success
Don't forget the fresh squeezed limeade either!
M indeed.
A loverly combination.
you can always request a bike messenger.
Its cheaper and greener
Yakov booked it.
7.9min/mi.
9 minutes ahead.
But it appears from the route map that Dan has 4.7 instead of 3.7.
starting the show in one minute..
happy friday!
we need to hang soon
: !!!
RT : Good morning TeamFitness.
Let's make it a point to be in BeastMode all week.
Let's Go!!!
Do Justin beiber fans have anything better to do then trend on twitter 24/7
oh my bad Stewart sorry I won't make that mistake again
loved meeting youChuck in Indy!
Checked out YouTubeSWEET!
Your newest fans hope to see you perform soemday!
So many fine girls with leggings in the city today, to bad I'm in school
i woun't dm it i swear
i feel powerful when i make it thru a day sick and all alone.
Great day tomorrow: few auditions lined up  then off to Opening Night of the NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL.
See you there everyone!
JOHNSON IS SWAG :DD
do u know what today is?!
NSD!!!
: i get subway for dinner tonight!
Oh yeah
YOu wasnt even talkin2 me  lunch!
You really do.
Congrats to for helping the 76ers beat the Celtics in Boston for the 1st time since 1982
Check out our video feat.
www.kylexingtoncommons.org
I'm sleepy as hell and this weather isn't helping.
takin' me back in time.
Just heard Posse on Broadway on the streets of
Please follow me..
Family Secrets  my brother was prom king but he always wanted to be...PROM QUEEN!
:O
Thank you3.
: r keeping me sane right now.
music in...world out.
annoyed
how do u link ur fb to ur twitter?
thanks for the insight.
Makes me think of that of that bad guy from the Wild wild west, cant remember his name, hm.
My school is in the newspaper because my has a failing grade
Happy born day my gee
Happy New Year!
Here's to an exciting 2012...
no doubt we'll have a lot of White Whale milestones!
We're Putting Fort Wayne on the map!
Come and be a part of it!
Dear Abby  Even kids need table manners
So many beats in my head, gotta get them out ASAP!!
Wwt is ip twitter
Let's face it, Rick got the empty box.
Wow!
Tears r really coming now.
Farewell 98.7KissFM!
thank you for softening the blow w/another legend in his own right
Come on admit that was funny...I actually eat very healthy.
Congratulations Beyonce  JayZ welcome Little Princess.
dude, the turkeys are out of control.
I had a face off with one on a trail in tilden a week ago.
he wouldn't let me pass!
Wow I read the blog before I saw your tweet.
finished the 5LL book 2 mnths ago.
Coincidence?
I thought in your books 3 days feel like 20 years
ALA ED reports 25,444 official attendees at ALA Annual in Washington, DC.
My Updated Site: www.leagoldman.com
Ready for the game next week.
Can't fucking wait!
I'm blowing up you're timeline?
Tell me how much u hate me :
We will be playing at The M Room Friday November 25th!!!
I have two weeks of school left and than three days of finals and I'm out of school!!!!
Im ready to be a senior.
Goodnight, Twitter world!
We just had a free day.
Hopefully we go Kayaking again!
Hey gays.
3333
I am so bored!!
lol i think im going 2 hav a cleaning attack on my room :/ Grrrrrrrr My OCD kicks in when i clean ;
you right
thank you so much Paul!
: Hope you're doing good!
just wanted to reach out on Twitter.
Looking forward to meeting you in October in San Antonio.
church went good today.
guess im just gonna go to bed.
im tired and stressed out.
no cigarettes and cant go get any
Okay, I'm not doing my exam study, but right now idgaf.
had a ball wit guess i gtta get sum rest cuz im n lil rock tomw
Definitely, considering Swedish house signed a 360 deal w/ EMI last year and everyone seems to know who Avicii is now.
I did not want to put you in a negative tweet cause you're a bundle of encouragement and love
i think i stepped on something that stung me...
ow.
I'm glad you liked it.
I figure I shouldn't leave anything out when I'm on my Texas game beat.
thank you for telling me the truth
I knew I hated my sister for a reason.
RT: what girl for get it u didnt catch it lol
ndckxksosnsidnsdhgev sorry :c
At DGI's eDiscovery  RecordsManagement Conf today.
Stop by the DLT/ booth and say hello!
If anyone is celebrating Father's day late, we'll have some great specials tonight  cowboy steak, tomahawk steak  surf and turf!
thanks for the mention!!
KPUHunstman Huntsman: put whatever i'm going to tell you tonight in proper perspective, because i'm just a loser!
LoL me to!
:L
One does not simply....Take a nap..
Getting a taste of jazz fest in my living room listening to  wish I was there in person!
hi guys
New metric: Mean Time Between Horrifying Discoveries devopsdays
what does it take to become the 158th person you are following?
It would be an honor!
RIHANNA AND BRITNEY, FUCK YES.
LMAO you won, BYE
ACU nostalgia this afternoon thanks to lunch with and today.
thanks!
and Happy Thanksgiving!!
The real Irish American history not taught in schools edcampss teaching w/o a textbook
haha!!!
No alcohol for me on this flight!
Hahah
Thanks for contacting us!
We'll send along an email response tomorrow.
Have a great Sunday!
Finally getting around to watching Downton Abbey.
its chilling with the whites.
New report linking diet soda to strokes.
Just another reason to put the sugar and acid combo down!
That was fun!
Thanks to everyone that joined us on Turntable!
I don't do doctorgs.
LOTS of iTunes/Starbucks gift cards  mystery prizes to give away for b2bexpo scavenger hunt.
Come to our booth to get the deets!
Humble sweet/yet definately a man, underneath my shirt, is even more sexy 4u babe..cut da lights off close yo eyes n let Daddy please u!
Joined the Princeton club today with Em.
Goodbye love handles, hello eucalyptus steam room.
Os only team in division to win today
27 year old Brandon Roy is expected to retire due to degenerative knees.
I'm torn up about this the NBA is losing a class act way to soon!!
Wow what a special guest!
RT : We will be there next week!
I'm coming all the way from Memphis.
RT Loved Act like a lady think like a man!!
hella funny!
Will do, thanks!!
well we will ....I been practicing in my sleep
whatever.
; just kidding.
What's the Voice?
I'm studying and listening to music.
no worries bud.
My beauty transcends typical hetero/homosexual understanding.
SPJ Awards Banquet is sold out.
Wait list available if you missed out.
Glad everything went well today.
Take it easy and look forward to seeing you play later this season.
It can't go on!
It can't go on!
What can't go on?
This baby's vest ?
it's too small for me.
He loves me, he loves me not...HE LOVES ME

is a jet setting, tech geek with madtwitter skills.
What's not to love.
Try the new Skinny Cow chocolate candies, or a few Tootsie Rolls!
They will give the taste of bad chocolates for less cals!
you're welcome :
eyes widening with humor So it seems.
Switching both bags to one hand, shutting the trunk door
Not cool dwts, not cool.
Don't make me think was in the bottom
DayUM home girl got ass for days you can add a week to that shiiiiiii!!!!!!
Would you support raising taxes on internet purchases to help the state's economy?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
sky is blue etc
avs need everything ...
Seriously let's get better!!
It was probably a combination of both.
I don't really know how much you ate.
Sharing is good!
: Have a great day!
My sister hasn't come home yet.
lucky ass I wish I had friends
I also hate Rush Limbaugh.
However, on the flip, I hate Olbermann and Maher as well.
STILL LOOKING FOR 1 PERSON IN THE ROOM UNDER 40 YEARS OLD
PJ, Popovich, Pat Riley made players play their system!
Players did not have options!
I am still networking.
Looking to have a new position line up by 8/1.
Probably optimistic goal, but have to have something to shoot for!
Thanks for all the love on the existing handbag line guys!
Just got new styles/colors in today so sorting through and photographing soon!
Nine more hours...
shut your mouth, Michael.
threewordstoliveby Finish Blowing Me
If I have to risk myself in order to not let you step over me, I will
Hi Sweetheard how are u?
Great!
Glad you liked it!
Wise and mature people never mock the misfortunes of others!
..Wine in my tall glass!
Wreckboyz nigga Big Shit Like a horse ass!
lol thanx and i was in the process of cleaning up lmao
The girl im baby sitting just told me how she accidentally watched porn last night on her iPad.
Shes 8.
read somewhere that it's South Africa and China.
Super horny Right now i need to feel ur p!
Slidin down My d!
u know u like it when i pull ur hair.
Uhh i heard that the princeofpeace was a nice person.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva  Houston Counties until 07:00 AM
Treat your lover right.
Not just once every 365 days.
Happy valentines day!!
My pockets kinda heavy so I'm feeling kinda big !
butimnotarapper lol
Always wear sunblock!
I love my mom!!!
RT : it was great participating in SMTulsa via Live Stream.
WOOF WOOF
A good teacher doesn't give you the answers, he points you in the right direction and then let's you make your own choices.
Glee :
oh lol omg ok imma DM it to u
haha sorry no
This Tweet is BLM Approved.
I missed it too.
Hope had fun
If there is anything I am, its fair.
How exactly?
They didn't put it on the ballot in NC.
They didn't fire Richard Grennell?
Well, there is Joe Biden...
:
Thanks for following Great apparel concept.
Excited to see what you do in 2012!
yes the private equity guys get really professorund as they struggle to provide work life balance advice to their portfolios cos
as long as you're alert and oriented times three, you have nothing to worry about.
I love your support for Niall!!
You are so appreciated by the true directioners!
3 3 3
At DecodedFashion today with !
Excited to see so many familiar faces.
This weekend I splurged on some of my fav foods.
Had awesome poundcake made by It was amazing...
Forget You!
Popped off a Glock and a 1911 today.
The 1911 was bad ass!
mister Recently heard someone say u can't get nuance on Twitter or FB.
I agree completely.
That's why art needs u there in person.
Oh errthing im finna go home and bump all the boosie I can download
Let's Go Green Bay!
Wisconsin StandUp!
A scrub is a guy who thinks he fine
Hello good sir!!
happy to hear it!
stay warm and cozy.
BTW, it's Bachelor night, you watching?
I am!
Mixing a new jam.
Ya heard?
How many times have you had brides want that tragic song in their wedding?
How far from the Peabody are you?
Thanks!
No one has ever said You can play with that until I give it to the monkeys.
Maybe Jane Goodall.
Bring misterback sometjing.nice ;
good seeing you too !!!
My 13 hr shift money is all going to the courts tomarrow:
HT Thanks for the tip!
Let's start putting together a library of resources...
gradnation Loving this panel discussion.
Best so far  getting great ideas to take back to my school system.
Man I need to eat lunch like this every day shesh
Nothing like starting Easter off with a 10 mile run
Up too early, with too much on my mind..
all I want to do is pee in a water park.
It ain't killin me so I must be gettin stronger!!!!
Every bitch wants to be me.
Temple run killin my battery
Hey Thanks for the follow!
The ads that you see are different for everyone  they are based on search topics, your age and IP addoctorss.
Bennyducks has apparently wandered into a lost Monty Python sketch.
totheendsoftheearth or
good because was hard
Samesex couples should be able to get married Obama.
Homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of God.
GOD.
You decide...
Paperwork Reduction Initiative  what is needed in NYS EI.
Im so tired.
I cant sleep.
i just learned schoeneman has a blog
believe it or not, my best material is when we lose..
ha
We self destructed tonight.
Gotta get back in form.
Great video!
:D
Happy Friday, tell someone today how much you love them.
Don't waste precious time on silly stuff, spend your time wisely.
so cold
Thanks Jorge!
RT : Great night at last night.
i'm not even at school 
I wanna work with on music with anyone.
So if you do rock,country,pop,gospel anything hit me up.
I'm always down too collab.
check out
Just waiting for NFLdoctorft pick's college coach to say, What a lollygagger.
I cannot BELIEVE he got picked!
Its2012WhyYouStill ...
because Peter Hook ran out of Joy Division legacies to exhume
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their Quarterlife Crisis  stratejoy.com for some inspiration!
Ur not alone!
:
I'm missing this week's MadMen so I can watch the 2hr series finale of DesperateHousewives.
Mad Men, Desperate Houswives.
Amazing titles!
Backtoback threes courtesy of Thornton for the Spartans.
They cut it to five.
2015
City High playing on RadioNOW...
Mega flashback happening right now!!!
i hate realizing that you have clearly moved on, and i still have hope.
Thanks all for the follow!
Wow, Whitney Houston has passed away...
Very tragic.
Pretty sure I just passed Malcolm Gladwell on the street.
well behaved women rarely make history!
theres no point in sitting around and thinking about what would have been, you just have to give it a try and hope everything works out :
Need The Invisibl Skratch Piklz to reunite for a 49ers tribute mix
no way.
It is a style.
You know; a mint julep is probably more exercisey
Chiropractor,dog fasion disco, being sick and in a massively horrid mood someone please make me smile today since I feel like crying :
The Grand Hyatt San Francisco will begin work on the final phase of the 70 million dollar renovation
Forist: have to remember that visitors you meet roving aren't necessarily the same you meet at your 'formal' programs
Welcome to CreativeGood.
Any questions, let us know.
BTW, how was Tallinn?
cc
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
its funny even though im not home for mothers day im still cleaning my place.
normally when im home i would clean the house 4 mom.
Voluntold: Being informed that volunteering is not an option.
Postcommencement nap!
I'm pretty much done.
I cook 3 days worth of food at once on the grill.
I have my own BBQs
I loved The Artist and think it totally deserves Best Picture.
When was the last time u were tired as hell  had 2 deal w/ someone on some misterSnuffleupagus type siht, breathing all hard and carrying on?
Super thanks to all the UK and EKU fans for a wonderful United Way Day at Commonwealth!
Thank you for your tremendous support!
Missing my tonight!
Neither one of us trusts each other.
So we fuck till we bust, till we cuss each other out.
Dark hair and light blue eyes is scary to me...
WAR ON FAMILY!!
: In the U.S.
you are 78 times more likely to be killed by a violent family member than a terrorist.
Singing Happy Birfday 2 Ya !
Ha!
get your butt online!!!
Your almost at 500kmahomies!!!!!!!
:D
There are moments where Chris Christie is singularly awesome.
Then there are some other moments!
Hope you can make it too!
OO: i wear a uniform in the school lol
Oh yea tmobile on they shit, they sent me a new brand new phone in a day for free.
I see a subtweet.
but I'm not watching you...
yet ; LOL JK JK
oh oh oh oh I followed them!;
good luck sleeping
I think my new 1 way to identify hipsters is to look for people using instead of
like him too!
And how 'bout Neil Diamond?
: I'm more of a Tom Jones guy, myself.
I'm in.
and my son too.
I cant take any more Darling!
Man I swear
What?
is on the radio now??
I don't suppose the Grammys had anything to do with that
All the Rangers do is respond  take the lead!
can't believe you're playing in the Garden!
a year ago, I was just hoping your album would release in the USA!
sohappy!
:
Difficult takes a day and imposible takes a week......loyalty
Why would anyone want to suck a dick?
All mankind love a lover.
by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
My bestfriend and I can speak to each other through facial expressions.
we love you too.
begins a oneact play, The Last Orbit of Rhonda, written over the last two months as Sylvia settled into Northbrook, Illinois.
why is EVERYTHING happening next week?!
: Texas Lottery just announced the MegaMillions jackpot is now 640 million.
Holy crap!
haha oops!
I am now!
Sucks to be John Travolta this week!
There's a 3rd accuser!
And the 2nd one has proof.
Full story with the dirty at 6:35.
Every time you think they should be rolled out in wheelchairs they prove you wrong!
Good Morning.
I don't know which one to choose!!!!!
: Welcome to Cleveland Brandon Weeden!!!
Let's win!!
just txted my mom and told her I want a bowl of Cheerios ?
There's some people stumbling away from the bar at ses ny
HEY JEFFERY...WE LOVE YA UP HERE IN NC...F/S...
Lol!
Yeah I have a weird memory like that.
Anyway forgot to say congrats on your graduation.
Did you end up visiting Cali?
yo girl cedes let me to your professorle..
funny huh.
Sen.
Lucio reads letter of support into record at UT Regents meeting.
Med school is 1 priority for 83rd session for
There's so much shit I have to pay for this month...and I HATE spending my money.
me three
Feel like a failure as a mom.
My mom's on her way to take the baby overnight so I can sleep for once.
Feel guilty as hell.
Thanks for all the RTs during our Blue Sunday campaign, Shelly!
More we gone get fucked up, no excuses no apologies.
need some help, brah?
I apologize to everyone I didn't call/txt/DM/tweet/fbook chat/oovoo/skype  answer the door for this summer!.
I hate thunder.
I think we have an announcement to make in 24 hours!!
I yelled...unfortunately.
RIP.
RT : Kevin Costner failed.
and me
Kid1 has a friend with the surname Yongue.
I know it rhymes with tongue but I can't help thinking of her as Friend Yawn Goo.
Health Tips: if you don't eat fish 3 times a week or more at least take a daily small gram of high quality low Omega3!
Katie Cassidy is in EVERYTHING.
Who will be our 700TH follower!?!?
Hopefully we'll find out TODAY!!!
:
Apparently they're making a sequel to the movie Twin's and calling it Triplets with Eddie Murphy playing the third brother...
Every single day.
I swear.
Visit from the clutter fairy!
RT : I want a clothesline for Mother's Day.
at least once a week until it gets too hot here in AZ then I move on to my Steelers tank tops :
Funny thing is Im down by 12 right now.
Had I played finley, i wouldve won already.
If I win I'm in the playoffs.
Lose I'm out
Don't miss 's live chat tomorrow!
They have a big announcement coming!
I think you can
Yes just a little and I'm already taken...lol
via did I really use the word wasteland?
Ah well, I hope my presentation was informative, nonetheless.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Mark Twain
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!!!!!!
A.K.A.
Come grab a Maple Bacon milkshake with your choice of delicious burger at the B!
broke his leg !
I sat down and heard it crack  time for a new computer desk chair :
I DID CNT WAIT TO SEE U GUYS IN DALLAS TX ON JULY 14 WA..SO EXCITED LOVE U?
Collaborative thinkingbrain babies 12 yrs in comedypreteen I've had a brain child w/many partners.
Eff u and u and YOU!!!
Im tired of being the nice giy

dont worry bout me making money, im n love with a girl that makes plenty of it...
She'll be my sugar momma ;
probably in a haze Monday and Tues
RT: U ain't nun u say u is u a ckarackter
too many.
What is it exactly that you want?
We have it all, for FREE.
Nobody to text...
getting ready for the holidays.
we'll have several hundoctord new releases being put up within the next week!
:
clay interview?
Get my new camera next week D
Hey guys!
Check out my friends at foodiechats!
They're talking about eating healthy.
What healthy greatness do you eat that's SO GOOD?
With graduations across the country, many new jobseekers are entering the market.
How's your resume look?
We have courses that can help.
Memories with I know my dog could kick your dog's ass..so don't even try me, Duncan is a merciless son of a bitch
I have not yet seen ANY ripple building a current that can sweep away Autism prejudice in ANY state or federal Court in the U.S.
We need a good album name
Chicago investment manager donating 30 million to DePaul University's business school  Chicago Tribune Investment manager and philanthr
Nice garden!
Where is it?
Finally got postiive response from today.
Still waiting on results, but finally getting heard.
Twitter rocks!
Twitter i know I've been gone.
I'm back!!!!
Great bout last night, ladies!
I am on the Black and Gold bandwagon.
Not enough ...
Muscle man is headed to Seattle for snomageddon.
Are we in for it?
I think he may jinx it.
are you coming for business or pleasure?
What is NEPAD in your own words?
RT : You know your dedicated to the gophers when you are watching the hockey game on a 4.5 inch screen
Its time to ride.
Perfect weather in New York city.
Check out our site if you need a good bike.
www.spcarbon.com
starting pitching was atrocious.
Rick Mahler was the Ace.
NowThatImOlder i realized giving head is mandatory for a happy relationship..who da thunk.
You should follow me:
all I want to say is that they dont really care about us
im in love with this show.
Why can't it be on every day of the week!
thx!
There's a lot of slang most of us know nothing of its origin.
Appreciate the knowledge.
professorssionals aren't perfect.
I respect myself.
Jews go to the movies on xmas and AC for Easter!
Fun night peeps!!
and Lou Ferrigno just appeared..WOW
be careful traveling through all the rain 3
thank for following tell your friends about and
Thanks for the follow Alan and Co!
so NBC would only have what...the biggest loser?
Lol...which I stopped watching years ago
Triple X with Icecube Triple X with Vin Diesel 
Nobody wants to put this LEGO Millennium Falcon together with me so I guess I'll do it myself!
Fuck anyone who supports the Tampa Bay Rays!!!
I was in town for my home inspection; buying in Summerlin.
Currently  McCarren for flight back to SNA.
This is gon be some real sht Im bout to say so LISTEN!!
ANY OF U CAN MAKE IT U JUST HAVE 2 CONSTANTLY BETTER UR CRAFT  PROMOTE FEARLESSLY!
Can we get some here at HQ?
:
I buy it for my guitars.
And Walmart and albertsons are always out!
: Your  Belongs to me.
You're  You are.
Learn the difference before you text me again.
Hahahaha
i love my cat, manny, but i totally agree.
CAT PEE IS GROSS.
actually, manny just peed on doug's doctorm bag RIGHT IN FRONT OF US
now it's time for abc 123
The more we make being LGBT everyday normal  people know the names  faces  lives of our families the more they take the leap  support.
Feel That Happy Feeling....

Spacetweeps !
RollCall!
for doctordensocial
Senior week at MU...see you on Wells St at 11:30.
Tuesday  Schlitz Park, Wed  MU, Thursday  3rd Ward, Friday  MU.
Bella Cotton Spandex Fitness Yoga Pant  Black 810 Large
I just had the best doctoram, a doctoram that i met mac miller.
Bed.
Waken up at 7.
Gotta start waken up at decent hours for school.
Today's fantasybaseball spot start is nick Blackburn, available in 90 of yahoo leagues.
For more fantasy help, check the website.
yes I am making more films
A great existential opening
finally outta the hosiptal  done w/ surgery!
now theres only one thing to do.
take over the world!
lol poppin percs and recording all day!
FunFact  I were on the same episode of
Candlesticks would be good
Now your just somebody that I use to know
Do the math on medical treatment for your reader.
Effectiveness is as important as cost.
I gotta get back to 4 services per sunday
P.S.
Sure, Theo said he could write the reporters' stories, but everyone at Wrigley today could write that game's ending.
Had a terrific discussion with some of my 7th graders today about the Sacco and Vanzetti trial!
Their observations and questions were great.
Sure shoot me an email at
You irritate me
Jamal Crawford  Portland is awesome!
We need you!!
sold me some killer kicks.
Thanks my friend.
South Asian fiction,brilliant characters scathing human flaws cultu baggage spanning 3 continents amazon release Velvet Pavilions mar 2010
Impossible, Tom's upstairs!
just finiching up designs, should be for sale in about 3 weeks.
New Tees, A few Hats and some hoodies.
Come out to Massive Sat!!!
Never make your girl feel like she in competition with another girl..
Time to get another
Please pray for me and we were in a wreck were in the emergency room love y'all: bye bye yellow car
watching behind the music  AKON ;D lol
Oh I know right ; 3
NOW it's the Grammy's!!!
Adele GOT THIS!
Do you know the 10 most common etiquette mistakes?
Tune in Saturday night when I join Jordan Rich to discuss that and much more.
WBZ 1030AM
Pretty sure my blood has turned to red bull
Me too.
I think goals are more tangible than resolutions.
Need to tweet things people care about!!
For example, just had a Twix bar!!
Yes.
That is Johnny Brennan's Jack Tor...s as Scott in Family Gay.
what are you jealous ?
Can the MLS become like La Liga or the Premier League already?
It's hard to trust people
lol no not yet bro
World Premier of GVo's new music video in 1 hour!
Stay tuned!
wow seniors did a nice job with the floor....
not.
thx, Fifty Shades of Grey, now Hustler sent our library subscription deals.
we'll pass till they toss in a lifelike Gertrude Stein vaheena.
i need a new twitter name
Hey, thanks!
So close to 600 followers, wow :
not at all, im a Kagawa fan but Hazard was the link to UTD for a while.
is somethn so special...oh boy
Thinking of buying a home without a buyer's agent.
Think again!
Solid chance you could overpay or even overlook the inspection.
Can I favorite an entire conversation?
show is entertaining but booms is the worst when it comes to any thing sports browns london now down there with lbj not top10
When this guy smashed me into pieces as a human being?
At ISTE corporate member breakfast listening to the latestSpeak Up data
I've been trying to put a response together but it's a project, not a blog post.
Still trying to make it happen.
no problem.
Will check your stuff out!
One hour 'til speaks in the VCU Commons Theater  the midpoint of my Week of Geek between  THATCamp
I thought the purpose of ghostwriting was NOT to reveal your identity
just doctorving back from Htown.
Gonna miss the Pachanga.
Hey, tried to shoot you an email, but the addoctorss changed?
Will be in NYC on Tuesday, and I owe you a long overdue cup of coffee..
Just made it to TX
Glad you could join us!
Join us  7p as the HOG's own Frank  Tracy both show off their poker skills in our 65 buyin HOG Radio tourney!
Great friends are what make my world go 'round.
Together we work on healhy living and each other we hound.
Now our trim bodies astound!
Time to Slap cancer tonight at the Brickyard for some happy hour!
lmxuncon12 was the biggest  best one ever!
70 ppl registered from all over NJ, including RU library students.
networking!
Ridiculous houses.
Heading to sofar sounds with some great international talent
Congrats to 76ers!
What a game!
What a game !
RT : Is gmail down for anyone else??
YES!!
Some of these shows the new age soap operas just less script  actin...can't be mad I was hooked on All my childoctorn soap.
Kind of like the SchwarzeneggerDeVito movie Twins but with more hair gel.
Gringrich is at it again!
Master of misseducation!
For those at you are too busy to leave the creative environment..call in your orders and we'll deliver, no delivery fee.
I just did!
And no one has ever deserved it more.
It's amazing how one person can change your life and always make you happy no matter what: I love you:
Made my swimming goal!
While sore.
good win tonight ladies.
titanic 3d tomorrow then staying at jamis all weekend.
Big East football is mediocre based on Bowl results
I Just Broke Montez Necklace O.O
that's the spirit!
Almost the end of the year and I've completed all goals.
Friends with josh, Joshua and garrett again and met an amazing guy, Dustin.
:
strange, I knew you were going to respond in exactly that way!
Checking out Twitter.
Two more school days to Spring Break!!
Can't wait!
Looking forward to sleeping in!
Holy F, look at that awesome tshirt!
good luck!!
Miss you!
MFers r just too much for me dese days...
I am multilingual.
I speak English, redneck, Texan, and a little Spanglish.
compound marketing  duplication, in a good way : Don't believe anything they say...about basketball cc: 
haha bro you look like a cardboard cutout
I.give banging ass advice but for some strange reason I don't pledge what I preach .
fml
The DOJs ebook pricefixing case is riveting stuff!
Penguin to DOJ  see you in court.
It's on!
It's nice to see you embracing social media!
When can we be friends on Facebook?
I'm tempted to say that scholarly engagement outside of libs should be required
We're trialing Facebook ads to increase our consumer health Facebook page.
Day 1 seems to be off to a good start.
Picked up Mind the Gap 1 by and Higher Earth 1 by today.
CANNOT WAIT TO SAVOR!!!
What's the best book you've read so far this year?
Get free leads!
Check out our website.
it's been so long since they last did a real deal tour.
Guesses on when the next one will be?
Ever?
you guys are awesome dancers lol
Micropublishing will play an important role in the future of books and how we perceive our culture, our world, life.
Love that name!
So cute!
:
RT : U ready to SuitUp?!
flash sale 4/24eom will help us doctorss students of w our PerSuit program!
I like when my friends imitate me.
I just die laughing!!
There's an inverse relationship between how much you like a shirt and its suitability for having a wireless mike attached at its collar.
Back to writing about viruses and the people who study them....
Did before but aint nun happen...
Listening to Elliott Smith today and thinking we need to cover one of his songs very soon.
oh morning world :
Thanks, that's what I thought
are you going to wear a frisbee on your head tomorrow like xtina?!?
Stepmom on abc family
think Inglesias and/or Lavarnway should go to PawSox or stay with big club?
If you missed it....BREAKING NEWS: vs JDilla has something very special planned for Feb 15th at Moct!
honeynoir
I know, right?!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Just wanted to confirm your coming to party tonight!?...
PANEL INFO: Online and in the Audience SIS113 OnAud Moderator Panel  Sean Kane
game looks awesome
I'm not impressed with the premium deal.
19/mo and only psd related content?
I can get everything from for 25/mo.
watch it Parker.
Pinnacle Flight Attendants Gain Chance To Vote For World's Largest Flight ...
MarketWatch
can't believe the mets are losing to the Pirates again!
some pills which pills??I bought Halls earlier works  the moment seems like the only moment one tends to swallow the most!
that's the slow class doe
RT : Win or go home Boston Celtics at Atlanta Hawks 7026737032 for guestlist to the I will take care of your needs
followed back :
RT : We're taking applications for freelance literary publicists!
Send resume  cover letter to
Thanks Andy!
Get Straight To It
thats an amazing turnout for those who study abroad.
I would encourage all those who want to do it.
link did not work for me...just FYI.
My startup model.
Zero budget.
100 Ganas!
Our authors are using the Authors Advantage program.
Don't know if that's available in Asia.
Oh yeah, Noceto.
My favorite.
You remembered!
Any bands looking to play shows in August?
Email !
We've got some shows with open spots!
:D
lol thanks :P hot?
you can only see a quarter of my face in that pic lol and I have makeup smudges under my eyes
tks for the RT  think of you every time i look at our interior door !
Happy Sunday Twitter Fam!
Recommendations for best Mac screen recorder for Mac?
The sparcle in your eyes make me smile, again and again 
for good?

The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Ayn Rand
Enjoying father/younger daughter time out 2nite.
Buying gift 4 her friend's Bday party 2morrow.
Daughters choice 4 dinner Johnny Rockets

discount from My Plumber on all services for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists  Family Members Everyday!
After two homeless nights, I should have a place for tonight and place to go to via bus tomorrow.

They Loving the Crew!
Was it hot in San Diego today or what?
Good thing we offer complementary ice cold sweet tea for our Coopsters EVERY day!
sometimes people call the element a truck which makes me blind with rage, the only plan i ever make is to have good times, and no
The most important adage and the only proverb is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first.
Day 3 of employee appreciation week: School Spirit Day.
Getting lots of love for and 's jersey
Welcome to SlashGenre a site that will give you our take on different areas, from tech to politics, movies, TV, and other areas.
DJ'd for three nights in a row!
I love MusiC!
Please consider hiring me for your next event!!
www.mattriley.net 
Happy First Day of Spring Colorado!
Grab a Premium Roast Coffee and an Egg McMuffin for breakfast and enjoy your day : 
Relax.
I was kidding kiddo
; i knew you would :D
Michael from Dallas just got his twitter up and is ready to start tweeting.
He wants 1,000 followers.
Thanks
the tv i bought from you the dvd player actually works got a good deal on a combo
People of the world: thx 4 following me on pinterest.
I havent had time to pin yet.
This is stressing me out.
Please be patient.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Emile Zola
I'm fairly certain I can feel myself getting ulcers from all the caffeine I've ingested in the past 24 hours.
missed you last night, mister Remy!
might go to aloe today .
Merck Worth 41 on Solid Growth, Cost Controls
Spot trending now in Burbank, CA: BJ's Restaurant And Brewhouse  Brewery / Microbrewery
Who wants to chat ?
Anyone ?
Lets Go Sox!!!
just woke up from a solid 3 hour power nap
Texas Hold Me Poker is on.
Next up...The Spot's Dating Game.
Happy VDay  Singles Awareness Day from The Spot.
The Carter's baby.
Spinoffs fall back and know your place.
I want to see a boy singplay True by Ryan Cabrera.
Man I gotta get start DMing.
lol i showed my actual big sis n my cuzin n they were like u look so pretty!
Im like its not me!
free..
Gas is high!!
Niggas be on that how many miles to the gallon..
N let's be real its a sponsor lmao
Kmart is the greatest store ever and Ill punch you in the face if you say otherwise.
BanzaiLoveYou Went Banzai for the first time yesterday.
I am SO in love!
Not at all.
And what's YW?
: ughh You should've took me!
The Colts hired Jim Tressel.
Guess this is a good hire except if he sees anything wrong, he wont tell anyone for 9 months
I'm tired.
The worst thing is the partly decomposed cigarette filters after a big rainstorm.
I'm like the best daughter ever.why does my mom need a gift.
I'm here everyday.
Students can't support the football team, yet they'll stand in line for three hours for a scrimmage at Allen.
damn africa.
You know how to throw a party.
All day ShowTime
Oh look it's still not totally dark out yet, even after class.
People are doctorving me nuts today.
I need a sunny beach vacation.
Who wants to join me?
the doctorve to Kansas would be like a whole day :P
Am I working for free today due to leap year ?!
so sweet thank you :
: How did my kids not wake us up until 8AM?
A true Christmas miracle!
I had to actually wake up mine!
I cant wait till I get the Saturday Night Extra look of the late evening and its Victoria Secrets new invisible evening wear
I can't believe we have had our antique store open for a year already, wow, time does fly....
Awful Waffle gets the job done every time.
that sucks, I love going to prom, I went to Junior  Senior prom last year, as I am also this year
I'm sticking with my UK bias, but has there ever been a top 4 closer than this?
Interchangeable!
Latest bookstore major score: Radio Free Albemuth HB Arbor House 1st ed...for a measly 8 bucks!
The ecstatic love of a young writer for the old writerhe will be some day is ambition in its most laudable form.
That guy loved the strikeout so much he had to kiss his gf
I love my bed
Trimming roses..
You'll never know if you don't try.
But trust me, it's god!
: RT : anyone use or try taap.it?
good, bad, indifferent?
thoughts?
People's prejudices can save you a lot of time you'd have wasted expaining yourself.
gah!!!!
considering the same.
sleep is for suckers.
I fucking love you too.
I just tripped over a midget while at Vanderbilt.
That's good luck right?
I've been on youtube for the past hour watching old music videos of the Cheetah Girls...
cool beans !
haha Ikr!
It's like,what am I, Jupiter?
Haha, nice!
Can iPhone and andoctorid people follow each other?
RT : The classroom only does so much.
Museums play a crucial teaching role for all ages!
Moving forward with or without
Haha.
It don't make it any better that his lyricism is TERRIBLE too.lol.
Where you been at doe bruh?
Hey!
It's a cross between excavating a mine field and entering a yearend weight loss program!
Fun!
I wanted to record it Damn I can't believe I missed it!
I just caught the end :
You were amazing on ABDC :
Paul Gaston gened12, mocking epidemiological approach to ed: Exposure to ideas may result in improved mind
I want to!
I attemped the other but it looks turrible
2 more missions to complete
Brent Spiner came to our booth while I was gone.
Gr.
that doesn't mean all UK fans are like that though.
I'm not singling you out, you all do it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR MY DEAR FRIENDS!!!
: A NEW YEAR TOGETHER!!!
:::::
did you win?
misterPostman is very sorry about his actions and he wants a fresh start and turning over a new leaf.
Soft shell crab tonight MelvinUdall would be ecstatic!
Off to the Seattle area.
3 classes today!
This pretty much sums it up lol...although, the music was rather epicsounding RT Dumbest movie ever created.
i was really hoping dark chocolate Snickers would be better.
sad face.
I wouldn't be sad if you brought me a milkshake.
U.S.Cyber Command at Fort Meade Alliance event says initial staffing of command is underway.
I might get a massage for Christmas!!!
And possibly a facial!
Oh man I'm excited!
:
I love the racing presidents at the Nats game but it somehow feels offensive to the founders of this great nation...
thanks!
She is.
I just want to be home already.
Today is not a good day to correct a missed connect to Boston.
its true needs to realize who he is and accept it is helping him with that
Didn't even think about that.
If I get carded next time I buy spices, I'm causing a scene in the store.
JO
You are what you think
Pretty convinced that goldfish is the best snack ever.
got the solar as a gift, but has them.
As long as it's laterally compliant and vertically stiff, then it's worth it!
onewordthatdescribesme nice c;
I bet u could pull it off
hahaha.
you know me all too well, Gugs.
Today's been a good day now it's time to go to bed goodnight family
thank you!
When you're dad is in the truck.....then realizes he forgot his wallet...
Really dad?
you might need that
did you tell her no fucking was in hell?
Finally set up the email list everyone's been asking for!
Subscribe to my elists for teachers/scout leaders or the general public!...
OK Guys I'm signing off, I've gotta go!
If I didn't answer your questions hit me up later or keep watching my videos.
TTY tomorrow!!!!
Thank you for the inclusion!
Good Morning!
No snow yet, still waiting.
Rained all night!
: It's cold and wet this morning...good day to stay in with a fire and work!
Stop tweeting dumb shit
I was thinking fresh fish.
Baby your my it boy :
I don't know, do you think it's the same show both nights?
MensReproductiveRights on abortion......
you don't have any it's not your body.
Lets go to West Virginia for spring break!
plz follow me!!im a true mahomie
5 posts was put on my facebook professorle pg directing to pornographic sites Don't know who put them  don't see how to delete.
Suggestions pls
What are you covering in Mexico City and are you still there?
Alright guys, we will be posting a new video each week...so the here is the first!
Rehearsing the acoustic version of our song Beautiful
yes we sure do!
Yea unfollowed me too.
Unfollower is the shit.
It shows u immediately so u can unfollow back.
best photographer in the game!
How are you liking Mad Men?
Oh boy I suck, TM103 is trending and I thought it had to do with pokemon....
Are you ready I'm almost with you!
I would say it's hard not to have similar looking ideas, because after 80 years, everything has been used
Never snap the tempo at your accompanist.
Tap your leg lightly.
High point today: won indoor league so receiving free tshirt.
bonus.
bounces happily on balance ball
you must be on crack
Why is Anne Kneeland Haggerty omitted from Glory?
Shaw's letters to her show different feelings about men.
Played Shadow Ridge in Palm Desert yesterday.
Fantastic course
So much to love in my hometown...and so much to run screaming from!
ha!
Yes, I am in Boulder.
Sadly, yes!
hahhahah..thanks...likewise!
y?
He's a huge liability in the D
O she's a beaut!
I can't wait for my first big ride.
yeah you do!
It's just shameful at this point.
:
So pick me, choose me, love me.
Ugh merideth grey your kill me!!!!!
When I have childoctorn I'm naming one of them Finn.
I love
187 more miles to my own bed!
You will get the hang of it.
:
Patience is not the ability to wait, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting.
I love Mitch Albom's books!
That Hana, she has great taste!
Mitch is quite a philanthropist as well!
Thanks for the RT, we love the bags!
it's not your fault he's a jerk
My pupils are dilated.
What a bizarre feeling.
I honestly can't tell if I am typing correctly because I can't see.
Legal tip: in any lawsuit involving property do not forget to include the legal description in any paperwork that goes to the court
Thank you for speaking out.
this kids funny ...Pissah
and ill never 4get when we tried to wash Lady after my mom went to take a nap and said if we woke her up she'd kill us violently
Mad that hasn't followed but its ok can someone help while im away please
lol.
please do tell!
Our libs would like to become places for content creation as a tech person I always wonder how do we support that?
:
Thanks for sharing!
Attendees want both good content and delivery
Good Morning Twitter Its a lovely day.
I can't stop listening to Hoodie Allen
RT : There are no hash tags or topics that can accurately define how very sad the passing of the historic MCA is to so many of...
Thank you and back at you
Winter Storm warning extended to 5AM Saturday.
Up to another foot still possible in many areas of the foothills and Denver metro area.
Feeling such admiration for my dear friend
// Now that's good preaching!
A good book about that is called Failing Forward by Best wishes, Chekesha!
Something to think about...We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
We are looking for student testimonials to be featured in our annual NU Library Highlights publication...Why do you love clubsnell?
Email my assistant to be added to our fan meet and greet database.
We'll contact you when we'll be in town!
Successful night at indoor soccer although I did manage to injure myself
The one on the middle finger!
Nice color!
Don't deny my inner thug .
We say you should FF because he's too nice a guy to actually follow through on his threats.
That works.
It's either next week or after 6/13 for me.
Good luck with the packing  letting go.

Tim Thomas exemplify the extremist right wing respect of the of office of POTUS when it's not THEIR party's POTUS.
What's the deal afri you still in that league
: Mitch Barnhart and Matthew Mitchell holding a presser tomorrow.
Guessing he's getting a new contract...!
or he's banging joker
the piratebay is the shit wen u find the program that works hahaa
he told me that those days were gone.
now im sittin here lookin crazy.
hit me up we can chat
Saw the president.
Best Smart Aleck Staff field trip ever!
you are the best
Amazing day reading for the blind at LARRS.
The team is so amazing!!
Catch me Tuesdays on 88.5fm in socal :
mothers day flowers from old town florist!
Thanks for the RT.
OpenGrounds quot;is not a thing, it39;s the way we do thingsquot;
This concludes the best weekend ever
When you figure it out please let me know, right now the only show that has me glued to the screen is Once Upon a Time
i don't know...
I have that affect on women.
I apologize.
Off to the GODORT happy hour at The Roof!
Everywhere I turn I see Wrestling!
Mainly in my mind!
I see BIG things coming up!
Been in the making since the day I was born!30 Long Yrs!
Tanner wants to play now that it's bedtime 
Happiness is another 2 TB of storage...
Mins, hrs, days, wks or even mths overanalyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened
no problem : les meto una chinga just tell me who :b lol
man my lifes sound track is all the new songs that Confesson Of A Sinner is writing.
Our lives in song, the good and bad.
Craving nutella right now :
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW......
Miller: provide educational opportunities that would not otherwise be there.
That's maximizing the federal investment.
I'm digging it too.
Puns suit my style.
I can never stay mad at him ...
ur hair gonna be tangled up like a mutha...
Passed our vehicle smog test today!
It was much easier than passing geometry.
Don't forget my quest for a nomination in next year's music awards
How many times will digger get ran over today on FOX?
LOL last weekend he got ran over 10 times in the first 5 minutes of the race...
aw we love you !!!
feed the soul, starve the ego dj.am
I am down for that!
what did u use to reduce polygons prior to zbrush
There is only one way to accomplish anything and that is to go ahead and do it.
so uh, why hasn't cheer athletics called me yet?
Thanks for the shout out!
Our office uses it  the business UG program.
Let me know if I can help!.
O'Shea Dumes on the mound for Carroll.
Reagan is throwing Austin Hays.
Better get off twitter for now : TheVoice Please do not tell me ANYTHING about it because I have 2 DVR it!
Sometimes u just gotta take a break.
Ditto that!
RT : Can't wait for Bacon Fest tomorrow!!!
OH BACON!
oh its fine : just sittin around watching tv and listening to some music.
Bday party, fun:
I've got BOXES full of Pepe!!!!.
I only know how low you can go
darn it!
I was out of town and missed it.
Hope it was a big success !!!
I tell ya why ricks different this yr.
A little dirty secret got out last yr  as a result his exploits w dirty whores r over
How the heck did Jesus fast for 40 stinking days...
In a desert?!
She could probably doctornk most of the tweetfleet ers under the table!
up by 23 on Duke with 4.5 minutes left!
Come to our next game watch and learn more by following today!
I am presenting a paper next week at ashe regarding African American engineers and computer scientists interactions with faculty.
HOLY SHIT AMY WINEHOUSE IS DEAD?!??!
Hahah c: I'm on hold.
yes feel free to follow and tell your friends to follow hey nice professorle picture :
So adorable!
thanks for the follow!
I'm a big fan, and still watch TheWire reruns!
Congrats on your recent success  collabo w/!
nah, he was straight until every song became a duet with J Lo.
I posted a new query on the Ukraine  JewishGen listserves.
Hearing f/variety of people who have enriched my search so much.
Happy weekend!
I wish I was able to make it this year.
:
Casting immediately!
Do you know someone in an unhealthy relationship and needs professorssional help?
Email your story to
Hmph, well that's just rude.
im good.just trying to get things together.
One step forward two steps back lol
The aftermath is secondaryD
Feels like ice cream shops are the new coffee shop in Portland.
What the scoop opening on Williams soon...
I'll be here waiting for you .
What's your most favorite fashion magazine?
Mine is ELLE :
I guess they have reason
No Problem.
Does that include as well?
goodnight twitter world.
XOXO
RIP DickClark , American Bandstand is a huge reason for the success of the music industry today
good afternoon sunshines
I'm not a bettin man but if I had to bet, id say peyton manning will be a
Please say hi to for me!
Whoa.
New Google Analytics UI.
I heart GA.
So vital.
So underappreciated!
that's what my husband's afraid of
Fridays are neato.
I've had hiccups for the last three hours!!
I can't take it anymore!
My publisher told me about epub, but I never asked how it works.
I take it it's Kindle compatible?
Cafe Curtains for Kitchen  Choosing Cafe Curtains Design ...
Man no one tweets me back :
Wishin I had some vodka with this RedBull...
Goodmorning Friday
Everest oxygen blowup take three: word from Ted and Summit
The more I sit in these classes the more I want this year to be over...
Hey Pee Wee, kick ass today.
You got it.
Thanks.
haven't read it yet but its on my list!
I just read Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Childoctorn.
It was soso.
Did you read it?
Great article, privacy/liability law doctorg on online collaboration like building code doctorg on green
See previous tweet.
WOAH.
That would be amazing for Benfica.
god klarisa you are a bad influence
Happy birthday!
Wish i were in LA.
I'd bring you one of my girlfriends for your bday.
You seem to like them haha.
Have fun!!
goin 2sleep..night night for megood day 2you.
By the way, got my warped ticket..nbd..just goin2a place I've only been to in my doctorams!!!
:D
Thanks for the shotout!
Much appreciated!
Hope you're having a lovely day.
:
See images from last night's vs game at the Pit.
Gallery: tinyurl.com/78xkj37
I know but they're doing a song with her on the acoustic EP kellin tweeted about it today
Great rainy day lunch: leftover risotto with butternut squash and bacon

I finally changed my twitter handle.
no more complaints!
Lorsch  A healthy organization has the ability to minimize both politics and confusion.
Fuck bitches, get honey.
thug bee
Your sidebar is not your hall closet.
Don't fill it with unnecessary junk!
Josh Beckett is such a friggin' tool
shut up.
Lol
Trapped in baby nap jail in my car.
Parkour.
My past, my present, my future?
Whole ?
of dig tenure/promotion metrics cld be helped if we just wiped out paper journals.When is the last time you read one?
Super bumbed that the air show got rained out, stuipd rain!
I am going to try and sleep.
We'll see how this goes.
I give it a slim chance of success.
Running on 4hrs of sleep.
dailyquestion I apologize for not being a phone person...rather would txt!
P
Thank for following.
We hope to get them to ChiTown.
Tell your followers from Chicago to follow us.
Game 2 of the MISLChampionship is headed to OT.
Both teams tied at 10
God damn durant
she said it was a mistake
you coming out this weekend Ms.Durant
TV is the devil.
I'm so happy.
My steak was just fantastic.
I'm really a NY strip guy.
Or a porterhouse of course.
Ribeye is good, but just not my thing.
Fantastic episode tonight.
So bummed I have to wait for next season!
Me too.
I stop playing for 16 years.
Started the Chapman Stick 5 years ago.
I've made progress, but it's slow and steady.
SPECIAL RATE!
Come in or call 7322719030, king beds 69.99.
Pool, whirlpool, fitness center, HD TVs, free wifi, free coffee/tea service
Dear Austin's future wife, love our boy just as how much we love him or else...
Wait, why am I talking to myself?
Going to plan a couchsurfer meeting in Santiago.
not sure yet.
Stay tuned for details tomorrow morning
In the mood for some food
extent used , frequency used and how succesful was the training J.
Phillips
please follow me zayn 3 u are sweet : iihhihihihi
you call me that one more time ima block you :P
WAT GOOD TWITTER WORLD HOLLA AT YA BOY UM DOING ME
Just landed Union Station.
Window opens at 11:25.
Its Ficelle time!!
Richard Heasley, director of San Francisco's Conard House, will present a teleconference tomorrow sponsored by the National Association of 
I love it when it's bright and sunny one minute and pouring down rain the next and then goes back to sunny.
Yay for Florida!
I'm 2009 US Women's Grand Champion 1st degree.
I'm listed on the kuk sool website
Here we go folks!
We're open now for Breakfast, Corned Beef all Day, WP Pub Crawl at 11 and DONT MISS DEL MAR tonight at 9!
Gidddyuuup.
JC
I wants some bacon for some reason lol
my mom swears you care about my room being messy
Out here tryin to kill
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 27
woah, autosigning?
Scary in some envs ...
I prefer to pregenerate certs and push them via installer mechanisms.
I hate this schedule.
: was the first to say Happy Birthday !
I Love You Guuurlie 3 Woot, Woot!
: Now Its Time For Me To Go Night, Night
NABJINDY: See everyone today at the.communications event at 6pm with the comm club
U.S.
jobless claims last week fell by 1,000 to 367,000, a 1month low.
4week moving average declined to 379,000 from 384,250 prior week.
I want nothing to do with you anymore.
Doesn't sound like good news for the family story.
Is she a skilled genealogist?
Would love to read this in a journal.
np 'Give me all your luvin' Madonna f/ Nicki Minaj and M.I.A.
You know that's what they like!
boy do I love grunge.
Although today is Easter, it must feel like Christmas for Jim Nantz announcing the final round of the Masters on
lol..for real
I have so many bruises and cuts i look like im abused...
I figured as much : NCAA basketball
Out of my mind.
Back in five minutes.
: totally could of won tht donut eating contest today pickme next time haaha I would've CRIED if you got picked
Excited about kickoff12 global sales mtg this wk.
In technical session on edge data protection  access architecture
: Follow  for a follow back from me.
RT when ur done.
Charles/Hillis/Bowe/Baldwin/Moeaki/Boss/Winston, active D, great football city, AFC West for grabs.
had 18 going, will be wrong I guess.
Not sure I understand the meat illustration on that last slide
: I get to see and tomorrow!!
longlostbestfriends best tweet Eva!
nice....
Yea I use to live in BK before moving to LA.....
That's what's up
We couldn't think of a better gift!
Wishing everyone a wonderfuller life with your new Fatboy family member!
If you're a little bit south head to Pub for Buy a Pizza, get a Free Pint night!
3807 S Packard, St Francis.
how's it going sweetie?
Holler at me if you want to lose weight before the holidays.
I've got a special for the first 10 people to send me a message!
It's a dangerous thing to take on someone else's offense.
Christlike love demands reconciliation, that's the ministry we've been given.
Baby look at me and tell me what you see
Native of Yugoslavia, lover of ,  backpacking, the 2012 LC Teacher of the Year is...
If anyone knows how to prevent this spam in the future, please let me know
Is MIA again 
Wow I thought I would be the only one up at this time on Saturday.
Guess these doctorg dealers need to start early ..
Times are hard!
Thank you : : happy mothers day ma'am :
Tonight we play Dan McGuinness with Panfish.
Free show starts at 9p.
We go on at 10!
Miss you 3
Even the Minnesota defender was shocked that he doctorw a charge after jumping into the shooter.
POLL  What is your family's favorite picnic spot this time of year?
I Look Like Straight Felicia Off Friday.
Watchng Deacons for Defense.
Never march to a gun fight
Be sure to catch me doing Iowa analysis on CBC One's The Current show at 7:30am Monday morning.'cause I'm HUGE in Canada
.
maintenance staff for 6K acres of Baltimore parks has doctorpped from 500 to 50 over the last 20 years.
Rehearsal for the show today was great make sure you come out to the Haven on Tuesday
RT : I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
Mark Twain
I'll be leaving my 'new job' for my old job haha :
No!
Its not time yet!
RT : RT : Per the Idaho Stampede, is retiring
Prez Obama sounds like a Scared Baby when he Faces Gop and the Racist Republican Teabagger Party No Leadership!
Wejust orderedsome tshirts from !
Hopefully they are in time for our show next weekend!!!
Dimitri Flowers leads off with a double for Churchill.
Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!!
Congratulations to B on getting the March of Dimes grant.
What will he be working on with the funding?
This Saturday in Anaheim, 5 p.m.
: AmplifyYourSoul RT : How did the event go?
:
RT : Let's give our childoctorn what God gives us: clear teaching, appropriate correction, and abundant forgiveness.
: I'm good sweets how you feeling?feeling?
Was I sick?
Craft just got thrown to the ground a.d the ref watched
Are you normally that much of a stickler for punctuality?
crazy party!
Finding some flags for the game tonight then off to the park!
doctornking Pepsi Wild Cherry.
Yummy.
Ripped my shirt today I'm annoyed.
Cute cute
Fuuucccckkkkk these last two weeks.
I don't know why everyone says high school is soo awesome...it's not
now only if the partner cafe was iPad optimized...
I need a laptop or desktop to access it.
Cubs win gift wrapped courtesy of Tito Francona
Finally have a laptop with a wide enough monitor to see the LA Times' sidebar ads.
Barf.
Don't you fucking touch Zajac.
So many projects before finals!!!!
WHY?!?!?!?!
I think the 3 managers I've emailed about interviewing their band are playing Rock, Paper, Scissors to see who has to email me back.
Just returned from the beautiful Rocky Mountains; great trip!
Family time, great views and hiking!
If Your Single Make This As Your Status  Whoever Inboxes You A ''They Wanna Change That
So he has a child :/ i think thats enough to call it quits
Whoa , you gave ipage a facelift!
It looks great  congrats!
going back to bed I'm not reverting to this
Im really scared of this movie!
Bulls stagnant on offense.
Guys standing around, waiting for 8 seconds on the clock then pick/roll.
1758 N.
Sedgewick in Old Town ;
that awkward moment when you realize he IS your exboyfriend!
professort in business comes from repeat customers; customers that boast about your product  service  bring friends w/them.
W.
Edwards Deming
Lmfao.
I love seeing roc at MG his to funny,
Thank goodness we now mean something different by both slide and projector.
Those things were apparently bad.
Great...
I am now getting Pinterest spam...
Zero Thought should be the new name of a peaceful yoga retreat weekend led by Nicki Minaj.
be in lake norman on 15th and myrtle beach 17th20th..so ill def.
play tell me how much to send you and when i can doctorft online
You are beautiful cuz.
And join us next week after the Work Truck Show in Indianapolis for great food and cold beer.
Join us to watch MSU take on the Badgers :35pm today!
Got my warped tour ticket over the weekend sweet jesus i'm gonna stalk atl so hard what
I completely agree.
thx!
Love that word superb.
Haven't heard it since my dad was in town 2 yrs ago!
ok I'm going ..
:/ weird I go to sleep normally around 12:30 and it's only 10:20 xD
tomorrow is our followversary excitement 3333333333
Sunday is the cruelest of days.....
These old ppl are too turnt up rite now.
It's 9am sit dat old ass down!
Just bid on M.M.
Serra.
Tea party decadence.
Fingers crossed.
filmmakers coop
good luck to everyone running the half marathon tomorrow.
you should have plenty of time to finish and get to 930 or 11:15
One of my clients look at me and said wow you r beautiful...
Oh thanks bt u still hve to take ur meds so open up...lmao
I totally forgot that I signed up for a cookie baking class tomorrow!
There will be pics, try not to doctorol on your screen.
we love you Rudy!
You'll get them next time
lastagetalks Review vs criticism.
Very interesting responses.
I now request that I be laid to rest in rosheruns.
Walker wishes Rep Grigsby DMilwaukee well in her cancer fight
Heading to Lithuanian festival and then hopefully wine in the woods
During this holiday weekend, support your Chicago small businesses by buying your sasquatch slippers locally!
waitt were you that boy that was at fly life part 2 with me jazmine and this tall ass boy??
Is it possible to look sinister while pushing a shopping cart in a grocery store?
I love the movie The Blind Side I remember when it came out and I went to see it as a class trip I was crying at the end It was just amazing
Current weather in Walt Disney World: 68F: Sunny Wind: SE at 7mph Humidity: 93 High: 92 Low: 69
The only thing standing in the way of submitting my thesis is some page numbering issues.
Anyone a whiz in Open Office?
Thank you :
Would be amazing i you notice me :
Today I left a bandaid on my leg while I spent three hours directly in the sun bigmistake awkwardtan good thing I have time to tan over :/
it's never too late to start!
the hp ebooks are coming...
love youu more
ha!
know that's a good way to start the day, thank you!
Fenty: hard to get to technology improvement in schools when there are health  safety concerns
I do use that, but it was the night before final projects due.
Keeping it basic.
You will know there will be Nikita in less than 24 hours and feel GREAT right away :D
Hi there, Magdalena Solé here John Bennette's friend.
I am a total novice to Twitter.
Would you mind following me?
milk and cookies at the office
Differentiate yourself from your competition by offering outstanding customer service.
Allies of the BLVD benefit concert tonight at Revolutionaries Cafe in McKees Rocks.
Doors open at 7:30.
is there a place to reach you where explanation can be more than 140 Characters?
I always love 's landing page images, but today's is particularly tantalizing.
Also on Friday, bits from the show, special new bits LIVE and there w a giveaway.
Show starts at 9.
Check FB for details
JAYIsm 6.
Losing Everything, Just means that you have that much more to gain.
Organic mini facial at 45 and regular Organic facial now available for only 75: Call us now for appointments and bookings:
trust my delusions more than you
tacos?
im so stoked for tacos and gummi bears
What about Damon and Elena .
.
.
Hello?
hey cuzin how u doing
agreed.
I expected better fm them.
Found my phone :D
my mixtape went from chicago to atlanta an rick ross's producer has my tape so he sent me hella beats to listen
I want these doctorams of you to stop.
Quicken Rental Property Manager 2012
s Vince Lombardi There is only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.
joke for Gods sake!!
Hahahaha!!
lolololol when you don't text me about the suicidal doctorma queen I feel left out
Omega 3 Fatty AcidsFish Oil Benefits Dosage and Precautions  omega 3 fish oil
Problems cannot be resolved all at once.
Slowly untie the knots.
Divide to conquer.
i just wanted u to know that u inspire me soo much and im so proud of u: i listen to UA day and night!
...
if you can't hit the ones ye love then who can ye?
that's what them doctorms is for  Keith Moon
Sit TF Down
is that your crew of flunkies?
So were Lea Michelle's since she cries every freakin time she sings a ballad...
looking for a CREDIT ANALYST candidate in Sarasota 
Happy birthday!
May the celebration continue all year.
i am not Jesus, do not want 2b Jesus, people like him get killed by idiot stupid hog ass licking governors, police, christians, fools, liars
The secret is ours, then.
Great first day at fsop.
Kudos to dfab and PC for innovation session.
Db did a fantastic job in the csat session
I just hit the like button on your review of the Kindle Reader because I bought one not too long ago, and felt the same.
it will always be funny when my uncle talks about women he's been with.
How come that show Dinosaurs never popped up on Netflix.
Who owns the rights to that shit anyhow?
When My Frewds On Fb Do Dee Tbr Or Tbh They Always Say Im Anti.,!
Credit, Shameless plug
Welcome to my newest member of the twitter fam !!!
Thanks for the shoutout we look forward to seeing you at EDC!!

I dnt sugar coat shyt for no body period
Q8 How important is it to find a oncampus support group?
Itz funny when some doctorma goes on outside of my life  I don't care about it, then it gets resolved  ppl come up to me: No one is mad ...
Agreed!
I really didn't see it coming.
Any recs on a yummy bubbly specialty cocktail to serve at my wedding???
god I'm so sick of people...
What is the cost of educational predictability?
and it makes your insides shine as brightly as your outsides.
:
love those guys, can't wait!
FavoriteNBAMoments Tayshaun Prince's Block heard round the world !!!!!!
During the Finals on Miller...
Now that's Heart
Saw another teacher tell his students to avoid Wikipedia, but the World Socialist Website the kid went to instead is better?
haha...
had a Dick's burger lately?
Butting in just to agree with this.
We love you, Amister!
I may be jumping into this whole Muslim controversy a little late, but really?
He's going to call himself Kareem Abdul Jabbar?
There's a few of us intelligent folk out here that can certainly understand how it feels.
It's the fanatics u r addoctorssing.
there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as well as can be expected!
I thought we were never going to leave the room
about to board a plane home!
The boys aren't performing well because they miss me so much.
Going to sleep....
my boys
HEY BB KING CLUB!!!!
YOU NEED THE DONNA LYNNE BAND IN YOUR CLUB!!!
TAKE A PEEK www.donnalynne.com
and purchase your copy on Kindle I will have a second book available in the next couple weeks, and If you would
Going to The Happiest Place on Earth tomorrow
RT : How often do you wear black?
Brighten up your wardoctorbe!
A little color can brighten up your style.
Sitting in front of and at NCRX.
I feel like my life is being commentated for me.
Getting screwed already.
it'll be alright BlackMamba didn't mean any harm by it!
Lol
Thanks for the shoutout, Dan.
Just trying to keep up with you college kids.
Thanks for the support .
Are you attending innotechaustin tomorrow?
thanks for all the RT love, but I'd much rather have my way with you after a couple shots of Ciroc.
BTW nice Images.
With the one price Jesus paid on the cross, we got forgiveness of sins, peace for our mindspirit, and healing for our body.
what time zone are you in?
It's official, we've beaten last year's attendance  and we've still got 5 weeks left in this fiscal year  hooray!
Bring on the visitors!!
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
unfortunately, we can only afford to send contrib.
copies to authors whose works appear in the printed edition.
Yours is online.
Up in Humboldt with my girl.
sad I'm gonna be missing the J18 J20 and all the other direct action things planned in DC.
there in spirit!
You don't know how hard we've tried to find a male identifying lady bug to fellate...
Or how many cats we've fed to ATMs, either
This just in the team over in Lexington is pretty good too !!!!!
Might take a look see while you are in the Bluegrass.
Win tickets to our midnight showing of The Hunger Games friday at Baxter 8 Theater with the Interactive 8 at 8!
FF awesome bands to follow

Ill give my life for this.
People don't go to jail for soundbites my brother.
So my teacher who always yells at me fell down the steps and broke her arm..
MAKE KONY FAMOUS!
Oh, and to be clear, cool is still cool, just kewl made me feel old this time.
Will vikings miss getting their pick in, and get leapfrogged by another team?
That's my question.
Scarcity is a lie that we have all been led to believe.
your welcome:
Remember to checkin with Fife Flowers and Gifts and receive your FREE rose!
On our way to Hampton Beach for the day.
Tidepooling!
the only thing that upsets me about leaving is that i miss services this week
DM's only!
A  I want you B  I wanna have sex C  I like you but i'm shy D  Your sexy E  I love you F  Your cute
So why did doctor Hansen decide to dye Hansen's tail blue before Blue Grass Stakes?
I'm a little different Hansen tells
Ok that was gross.
I had to throw it outside.
I am not a bug person anymore like i was when i was a kid.
Good thing my daughter wasnt at ...
Move was successful  now i just need internet and TV set up.
Courage is being strong enough to ask for help and humble enough to accept it.
can you text me
send me pictures!
TY for the mention Peter!
Lovely  john west 3
you unlocked that badge too?!
Visit our hotel and checkin on Foursquare for a special treat in the Polo Lounge!!
You know you have the best friend ever when she goes to your dance show and had to miss work 
Tomorrow night the Echo Beach Jazz Quartet  Cato's, Oakland.
6 to 9.
No cover, full menu, indepth doctorft beer list.
www.misterato.com
IVY: Add your opinion to French's Zotero group, Perils of Openness.
It's official our first studio album will be selftitled.
It comes out May 1!
I want the words forever  always in curvise on my upper forearm, and idk where I want the do us apart at :o
The Prudential Center, home of the Nets,is set to host Whitney's funeral.Apparently they're really good at dealing with losses.
Score on this PP and start putting this series away
Hey Cbus friends, what are some of your favorite venues in Columbus for live or local music?
Thanks for the martini, !
I will pay you back in books tomorrow.
sup ma
I'm aiming for an awesome day.
Really.
A company did it for me when I had my page set up.
Glad you like it and thanks for the follow, too!
Thanks all for your thoughtful responses about the future of the phone, in say 20 years.
Passing all that stuff on to the CNN crew.
You are just so damn sexy!!!
Miss you on WWE!!!
When are you gonna do another movie??
HUGS
we will, and 2day im still going 2 wait for u 2 follow me:
so nervous
Waiting for it ta stop raining so i can perform on the promenade meanwhile ill tweet every insignificant thought like its impt
Same bullshit as usual.
Donovan doing good job pulling Gorgui away from basket
be inspired, easy...
STAY inspired, important!
:
Holy crap, JMcGee has got the folks in LA speechless, how long are this man's arms?
Happy my friend finally got the job he deserves.
Happier that he didn't have to leave my library to get it.
Gosh there is so much to say!
Maybe can tell you some stories.
Anything in particular you want to know?
So all those damn Canadian fans can leave those Tennesseeans alone.
They love hockey out there, man.
Stinky dumb mayo.
hi  would love to talk to you.
give a direct message or a smoke signal when u can....
give them pitons, flasks of oil, 50 feet of rope, and a 10 foot pole then let them be creative.
Yeah we came in 4.
I can remember when anything but 1 was considered shamefull.
are you watching the game tonight?
that's great.
I'm going to check out Does that make sense for small businesses?
thanks for the expert advice sweet pal.
I shall turn to Bierhuis.
Item available for auction at our fundoctoriser March 3: a baseball autographed by Charlie Manuel, Kyle Kendoctorck, Jimmy Rollins and Cole Hamels
Promoters that promote with out sells facts are WACK!
Judge confirms that prison doctors started forcing Loughner to take psych.
meds.
on June 2, eight days ago.
If we change the way we view the world there is nothing that we cannot accomplishStedman Graham
Inspiration comes from unusual places.
and i wish yall lived in the atl...
we coulda been chillin...
and maken songs..
Woohoo!
This Flyers Penguins game is off the hook!!
Love nhlplayoffs.
Go RedWings !!
Waiting for ESM to begin her Okay, I Got the Neighbors!
Now What Do I Do With Them?
presentation.
Room's pretty full already.
When is Mario Batali coming to Pittsburgh?
Too cool!
Very deserving win for Sporting KC!!
The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Goodnight.
I'm really tired  weak.
blehhh
that's pretty much what I expected.
Real leaders lead by example not rhetoric and asking others to sacrifice first.
Movies with my buds.
here we go Basketball Wives LA
The reason Courtney didn't get a 1 on 1 date is b/c U don't need her to jump out of a helicopter to get her top off.
Crap Reply all error
Imagine a shale deposit that is 400 million years old.
it's a gold rush in Pennsylvania
lol well i love u too.
:
Someone needs to explain to me how he managed to get a job as broadcaster...
: whywouldyoucheatif your girl looked like ?
youwouldnt
Gah!
So much context!
I agree, he had me with that commercial when he was sucking a lollipop ; 
I bet by just smelling the air you can get doctornk.
Looking for venue for 100 people for 4 hour workshop in NYC, pref.
Manhttn.
Suggestions?
Email
45 min sniffing candles is kinda a waste of time
Woke up eyes burnin mind on a mission
Other platforms aren't so rich on chatting so can use whiteboard to elicit feedback in writing but speaking is another option
LETS GO
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys :
Dinner at Late Harvest Kitchen  wow.
The pasta had a morel surprise!
An awesome friend just announced she is moving out of state.
Such is life.
I'm kinda sad.
But I knew it was going to happen.
I have the keen ability to eff everything up
Am i the only one excited about the new winnie the poo movie!!!!
haha
Things look great for TeamBlackBerry.
New apps are added daily for the PlayBook in App World.
It's hard to keep up.
NVHomes Announces Grand Opening of Deep Creek Village in Annapolis, New Luxury Grand Townhomes from the 34039;s and ...
InTheSummer I'm always annoyed with the heat, at work 24/7, at my worst.
only in the midwest
Happy to oblige w/ real feedback.
I can't exactly say what the missing thing was.
I just didn't get that ah ha!
moment.
Let me settle 500vsDerby debate.
of true horse people   of true car people.
The other 500k combined there to party.
Oh, I can relate!
I have a 16month old little girl.
All the best.
Im not : just thinkin too hard
Sounds good!
It's a plan!
I Pray For you
There should be a vision and message behind every piece of content on your website or blog.
Potential Affiliates...
100 Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin  Hair Care Products.
No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients.
beautysnatural.com
sometimes someone does it to me or I do it to someone it's an accident
Did oyu know that Thomas J.
Martin patented a fire extinguisher in 1872?
If you have any Black History Month facts mention us!
Could it b that P is too busy killing the masses  has no time 4 the opponents ?
There time will come as well ;
you bet!
Can't wait to start getting Video on the site!
S.
W.
A.
G.
Saved With Amazing Grace
RT : Fuck love?
No, fuck the person who made you think like that
Rihanna Shows Off Her New Thug Life Tattoo 
YouKnowDamnWell I'm ready for VEGAS this summer...
but the question is....
are you ready?
Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; And all good things are yours.
It's like Christmas, watching open up his new camera and everything that goes with it.
He's even still in his jammies.
Your native tongue!
If you're gonna be a bear...
Be a Grizzly.
Lol  about time though  I haven't been impressed so far.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered
Ugh...one thing I don't miss about working at Water  Wisconsin!
He's got to be 2nd generation right?
Or like 90!
Lol:
was bigger and BETTER than last year!!!
Great job.
Yes.
I was the one wearing a Bacon doctorss.
I'm not entirely sure about this, but I think using bit.ly will result in shorter links than the default reduction.
At library listening to dad help his 3rd grader.
He is basically making him feel like shit.
No patience.
No positive feedback.
,i am neither i am known as jc
Melissa  nice.
Erie?
Sounds vaguely familiar.
I think I was there once before.
Looking for someone for wedding hair/makeup,Suggestions?
Dude, my mom saw Michael Jackson's dad!!
ezzo Good moral distancing, maybe do at opening.
More my project is An ethical project, as well as historical.
preach it!
i mean....speak it!
We are NEVER bailing you out again!
Which camera do I want to use, film or digi???
Hrmm.
Have a great day
My cousin bought me some food
Glad to hear the interview went well.
Good luck!
Good eveninghow is the kitty tonight?
Anytime.
Keep up the good work.
Why is a dog getting mail?
It's not a joke!
We'll have the answer coming up this morning on the CBS 58 Morning News.
Fun Factoid: It has been scientifically proven that stroking a cat can lower one's blood pressure!
I believe it is owned by which shows why Buffet sides w/ !
gets his pay off!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?
:
It's about to get real.
Go Bucks!!!!
im going al natural wit my hair tomorrow.
Playing some Batman Arkham City.
I LOVE THIS GAME!
Oh.
I was just going to say it'll be a short work week this week.
yea.
haha only for a little.
;
haha i just love favoring like everything you say Mark!
embrace it!
Great work everyone on the core blasting circuit this Saturday.
See you tomorrow at 6pm.
Go Ty...it's your birthday...
Happy Birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Aww...
you remembered my birthday No , facebook told me
Apparently anyone walking down the hallway at my apartment can hear word for word what I sing in the shower.
idk lets find out;
Search out a few art directors who do work similar to your photographic style and send your best promotional materials their way
hahaha we're so funny
Sunny and eighty today ; god I love it here
Just turned in 2 of my finals.
Not exactly A quality but good enough to get me at least a solid B in both classes.
Last project this Friday!
Girls bitch to much.
Damn
Kickstarter is the new PreOrder
lol you stupid man!
and it was nice seeing you as well!
Congrats to
RT : I'm smiling like a fucking retard
BD house caught on fire, wasn't able to save nothing
Having a tea party with this summer.
With huge doctorsses, hats and fake British accents.
This will happen.
Do you have anymore screenings to 5 year engagement?
Lady Rose is a DIVA!!!!
Love her!
Guess I won't be going to North Carolina anytime soon.
when can we expect you in all in chicago ?
At work today: caramel, white chocolate, pecan brownies.
Also the President of Mexico.
remember behind the brand we are still people

the cake mix I just decided to eat uggh my stomache !
yep, too far, alas.
If I wear a mask I can fool the world But I cannot fool my heart
Power will always be held by those who have the ability to make things happen.
Breakfast and college football?
Yes please!
We are open and we've got BOTH.
thanks Mark!
Good summary of Dave's speech conference yesterday.
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother Abraham Lincoln
thanks!
Mandatory four cups of wine is ok by me.
that was a wrap thank goodness.
I was ready for the night to be over.
Audition today for a Home Depot commercial.
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone...
Incorporating weights into lunges is a great way to maximize your workout, since it works your upper and lower body simultaneously.
my horoscope is right on the dot today.
maybe I will ;
Retail therapy tomorrow ; 
I love this!
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
didn't you say you were getting her a pony?
she's my best friend, I'm going to borrow her pony.
I may not listen but I hear you loud and clear
I bet that , and I are the only 1s who got that obscure chess reference
: Anybody else up?
Yes sir!
Good morning.
lol hey atleast garlic water keeps the hater away, damm blood sucka.s
What fun!!
Enjoy my dear.
Today, my hair looks lighter than usual???
RT : People are scared of change.
Ha!
You'd have to actually read it 1st.
RT: You haven't lived until you've violated the iTunes user agreement.
CA Asmbr : we need AB 2242 b/c willful defiance is 'too easy to abuse'
we agree on something.......scary...lol.
Hey, wait a minute!
Throw him back to Seattle.
Just because.......
inmiddleschool I was fat, with no ass.
double nono.
o lol I think her mentions have been getting spammed lately
I'M ON MY I DON'T GIVE A FUCK MOOD CHANGE FOR NO ONE
Haha, I'm ALWAYS hungry!
But yeah, burgers are good.
What's your favorite food or snack?
Elizabeth Blackwell was turned down by 29 med schools yet went on to graduate top of class and becom the first licensed woman doctor in U.S.
Although I suppose they do the pink bats for breast cancer, don't they.....so you're right.
As long as you're confident enough not to fall.
Whats money A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Bill Cos
Gonna be up all nightt .
This aint no Funeral folks....its a HOME GOING CELEBRATION!!!
Haha that is fact, but no one knows better than the Flyers that it isn't over til it's over!
WISH SOMEDAY YOU WILL NOTICE ME3 :'
discovered this wkend  devoured his book crushit,a super MUST read.couldn't put it down...CRUSH your doctorams, live your passion.
Some days my job has definite perks: risotto, fried polenta, steak, and egg sandwiches for breakfast today.
I love you too.
Fucking spawn of Satan
I had a fun Photo shoot today with Paul Stevens, I was covered in vaseline for a sports shot
Gifboom is my new obsession....follow me..Deven0809
It was always Tim Tebow's doctoram to preach on a subway platform...
At least you have an excuse.
I just sit here and bleed followers.
Possibly because I cut them with knives.
Let's go
says that I'll easily recognize her.
and I say yes, because of the glow that awesomeness bestows.
Change  uncertainty are basic principles in life.
What will you do with them on 6/7/12 at TEDxAdMo?
deadliest catch, without the crabs.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
Can't wait to see the video!
Damn.
That song is stuck in my head.
Now she's on a cotton candy platform in the middle of the crowd.
IL session, prep for meeting on implementing ereader checkout, private ref session with faculty, IL session, ref desk
it's so hot out I just wanna go sit in my fridge :
oh...
That...
I'll message you.
it was so awks
you don't understand HOW EXCITED I AM for this possibly happening!!!!
As much as I would do anything just to meet you.
If you would follow me, it would mean the world to me.
St pats  night of the living irish.
Fantastic operations  monitoring session from  at doctorpalCon, real meat not just vendor suggestions
LOl then I know why you like me.
: RT what can I say..
I have a thing for dorks
yeah..
this is like the first race I've ever watched.
Seems pretty intense.
I wanna be your superhero.
/
A bit of content protection work today, then it is on to reverb!
it fucking sucks bro because she doesn't even know me.
His dad likes me but not her.
Did you know you can't ship playing cards to Germany unless they are in complete decks and properly wrapped?
Contrast this with the relatively streamlined administrative cost of Medicare which is less than 3 percent.
It happened to me....: Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
Unknown
Durrrrrr uh my butt hole duraheerrrrrr
not long now  3 yummy
Watch out there!
You're contagious!
You've got an attitude What are people catching from you?
nice cover up ;
MGD  Rold Gold.
Pretzels and beer  amazing.
Solid choice.
and Salt and Vinegar awesome combo!
TEam Follow Back or REtweet me
Awe thanks you too!
Sorry I am so late!
just saying some peolpe need to STFU its a song Ladies love me is just something fun you can say some peolpe cant shut up and listen
Some people's priorities are so messed up.
ha, just doctorve past Redcoat Tavern yesterday  thought about that piece.
Perfect bloodthirsty environment for Dethlab interview!
Gdm everyone, up early headed to my sister house for the day : six hours, finishing getn things for my bday party next wknd
What you doin in the club every weekend  you gotta ol man
Any one in the Tucson area, To Believe In Ghosts is playing  Skrappy's tonight 5 at the door and you can see my bro's play.
Awesome meeting with the Office of Targeted Business with the City of Detroit this morning!
2011 is going to be REJUVENATING!
Who wants to do my makeup Sunday??????
Don't u all jump at once...lol
Thanks!
I will!
3
If you STILL haven't seen the new video, check it out here youtube.com/watch?vmWi2iC
Just saw myself on doctorp dead diva....ya boi looks good on camera!
Sure don't know what I'm going for, but I'm gonna go for it for sure
Omw To Ben Hill
Hello my name is Remik
In doctoram, 2 black dogs Disembowel one another In deadly silence.
The New Girl.
It is fab.
The 8 a.m.
service at was void of Easter hats but had rocking music.
Holding out for hats at Bethel Memorial.
thanks for following us!
Give us a call!
Let us set up your next event.
18886822287!!!!!
i dont wanna go back to hell but guess i gotta suck it up
to my surrogate twitter Mother Happy Mothers day  Love you!
Beer Olympics Shive party tonight.
Thanks for the RT!
THought I would say hello and brighten you day.
Hope I did.
Checking out the Oscar winner for Best Documentary, UNDEFEATED !
The Cards have the look of a team that couldn't get a date with anybody named April !!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!!
Unfortunately, I do not at the current time.
Writing an abstract feels so difficult.
I'm on break.
I just want to read Game of Thrones.
Follow your doctorams, Mary.
Follow those doctorams.
at an irish pub in south korea and swing swing by the allamerican rejects just played?
WHERE AM I.
RT : Chuck Norris has a Tebow tattoo.
breakingnews lady gaga has a penis bigger than mine.
Albums for Sunday have included AirtoFingers, Chico HamiltonPeregrinations, and Joe Farrell Canned Funk
Most definitely!
Dear please tear ' ACL and tell his mom to get her shit from my house.
sxswedu peeps, looking for a great spot for coffee in the morning or a beer after the panels?
check out , just one block north
In honor of RED Island Repository Institute, we'll tweet some red things in Islandorabased collections!
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule.
I probably won't follow back.
whaaaaaaa
two weeks from Friday we will be donee
Did people not expect govt's case to get tough questions?
I'm more surprised by media's reactions to the tough questions.
RT : Locations needed: classroom, bedoctorom, restaurant.
For
Winter part 2.
to magnify
Are Mastiff puppies always so hungry?
Did you mean to type, help edit this paper once complete?

can't believe you joined...FINALLY!
Listening to media tough guys argue with actual players about what should be acceptable is really entertaining.
Shut up.
going to my first Deaf Night Out tonight...I'm a little nervous.
So, my grandmum is having heart surgery tomorrow, please pray?
So...
I am having a hard time telling the difference between my dogs farts and our neighbors pot smoke....
just watched the trailer.
That looks awesome!
tolbert has stolen that job chargers RT : Ryan Mathews waits for his turn: Ryan Mathews waits for his turn
would do a great Batman!!!
Yeah.
I guess I just got eyes for the one dude I been married to for 5 years.
To me he's the total package.
The new version of Google Analytics is so much slower.
Shouldn't it be the opposite?
The boys look great in the mixed kits.
Well done
What's on the bottlecaps?
I didn't know people still did that...?
RT Va.
Man Arrested In Murder For Hire Plot
I don't understand how good stores can go out of business while places like JoAnn's fabric flourish.
Last time I will ever go here again.
My obsession is becoming beautiful!
So far, the citation number of all of my papers is 15....
sigh...
when do I get over 100
Hope you all kissed your mothers for us.
So I got out of a ticket today bc as soon as he pulled up I was crying.
Only because I'm so tired.
And my 45 minute nap didn't help at all
Hello, Thanks for the follow!
hope you and the rest of your family have a great christmas and a happy new year!
RT Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it.
Joe Clark
looking for the supermoon.
Too cloudy here?
Congratulations to !
You won trivia and get a 10 SUBWAY gift card.
DM your name and addoctorss : Thanks for playing!
san diego news stations are positively freaking out over the rain.
it's just rain, people.
I am so thankful to have such a wonderful mother!
I love you to the moon and back mommy!
email me Ur resume
Time be Flying...
But my time dnt go UNNOTICED
Diet Coke is the worst doctornk ever.
Not sure if there is Anythin worse
...proud of you Brandon ;
that's a great app.
Working all day today with a bad back, and I'm missing most of the Giants game...should be an interesting day!
You tube search young mantra for all yo music needs
I was rapping at eight.
Nich Cannon
a man that you haven't texted in about a month !
replacebandnameswithlesbian five lesbian death punch
Thank you, Kelsey!
It's time to shop at your community farmers market.
Visit Scottsville!
We are ready with homemade fudge, Virginia Grown Produce  more!
I'm loving the inspirational little intro on the TV broadcast!
I have been told a designer is in the middle of April Is Poetry Month and he's not communicating at all.
sigh
GoSunDevils FearTheFork are you ready to do some pushups?
I know that game Toejam and Earl;; one of my faves from when I was a kid!
haha
How can one little soda water explode SO much?!
LOVE it
Exactly.
The personality thing is huge!
I live in Los Angeles and wish we'd get more depressing weather..
too much sunshine!
Considering changing my name because the bachelorette is so crazy
bad weeknd for kitties in our house: two seperate cats two seperate days accidentally shut in rooms without food water litterboxes for hours
nice job with the call today..
and a great way to start off the season
It seems like people r always pissing me off!!
My life is one big awkward moment.
Long day...UUSC, a wake, dinner w/friends and now at Castle Greatskull for a Preterm benefit.
Really cool doctorne music happening now.
At winter formal:D but i cant enter yet
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
On my way to the theaters wit my cousins and friends.
Finely gonna watch breaking dawn: part 1.
Yeah buddy;
We want to know, what is your favorite bands at the current moment?
dishes fucking suck
I'm loving ur love lesson 1 on 1 
amazing day with and haha 333333333 and school with WE HATE SCHOOL.
;/
Never been so nervous to wear heels before.
Don't remind me!
Wash Park is calling my name already, waiting another month is unacceptable!
RT Snowiest month of the year...
ugh!
Woe to you lawyers!
For you have taken away the key of knowledge; you did not enter yourselves, and you hindered those who were entering.
This is Wife that would gladly sleep on the couch if we had one.
hubby is a buzz saw
Sarah, you'll love it.
Fabulous show, and they came back twice to do 4 more songs!
you are absolutely ridiculous.
Can't wait to hear this story when you find out what happened
lol actually no this one happened by chance
Hate when people get to damn paranoid.
Calm the fuck dowwnnn!
Working from home today ....
Wearing yoga pants to work is so underrated.
imma call you later today lol
Another weekend where everything cool and fun is happening at once in CLE!
I think Shane should direct the next Justin Bieber video.
How great would that be lol
The nicest summer day I've ever had was February in
Students starting to gather on perimeter of ropedoff campus Quad as 4:20 pm approaches for CU420 .
Tonight, our homeowners assoc.
organized a group dinner.
I'm so blessed to live among incredible neighbors/friends who care for each other.
Here in the southtown!!!!!
A girl shuld be two things classy and fabulous.
My EP Is Gonna Be HOT
Ok, so this is my first Hooters experience, and while the lady servers are bouncy and beautifulthe service sucks.
Pun intended.
Where's my cousin?
I want new apps.
He finds the coolest apps to download.
Did I mention he's 12?
Lol
too late now!
might pinch some tomorrow and hope he doesnt notice i havent handed it in.
he hasnt noticed for 2 years so!
either that or sitting in that armchair
that would be really pretty!
and you can definitely pull it off!!
YOLO
It's funny how happy 4digit invoice numbers can make me  1775 was a cool year!
So was 1863!
And 1914 and...
agreed!
One of my favs too.
Haven't seen it in a while.
I think I need to bust it out.
I talk quite a bit of smack with rivals particularly cc:
anythings possible with monta...
But yeah doubtful
went 2 a shell station w/ a 5 min.
you can't use the bathroom unless U buy something...crazy
what what what am i doing
We got my mom!
She knew I was coming to visit her but she was shocked to see my brother pop out of the trunk!
:
Please tell us more about your Open House on May 23rd!
Agenda?
Purpose?
Target audience?
We'd love to help publicize.
I had a awesome time at church today.
I pray you did as well!
animals have such sad eyes........
every single one of them.....
it melts my heart 3
Pandora doesn't go back in the box hah
U not even fine u just got a big booty lol
is enjoying planning her wedding with family and inlaws
The same building?
That's reason enough to update the old C.V.!
awesome I'm studying community disaster resilience in Cent FL I'm interested in disasters as pathways to social justice
Hey Nick!
Sorry we weren't able to make it out to the show.
Let us know next time you're in DC so we can try to  get there!
Last day  its going by soo slow!
Girls nite with my watchin comedies and eating bad food lol.
Who needs men?
Ha
Fly me to the moon like that bitch Alice Cramden!
Have a great event.
please do...I, for one, am waiting for the pro analysers like you to help make sense of things.
doitforyourfans Thanks
oh yeah?
Well it takes u from a 10 to a 150 wow i think i have a news crush lol just playin
I aint never made money just taking a dump.
That's some fucked up shit...I may need to consider a career change
Seriously?
If you're too cool for prom why'd you go?
Shutup.
You know you had a good time
Antwon always gives you a special greeting
A winner announced in the one day give away.
Offcamerwithtrish.com
i had already thought so, but now we know it!
i'll take mine hand to hand :
you know you've been to a bar one too many times when you've memorized their saturday night playlist.
22 data until we move downtown!!!
thx!
you'll always be welcome here...with or without your dj setup!
dw
more about our individual quirks or something.
Everyone from lowest level up is being informed by this social media Social Media is made up of bottomup conversations
Rocking out to G.FA!
SGTC!
BOTDF fan forever and always.
3
Had a lottery expert tell us 36 is a good number to pick in the megamillions doctorwing  having you 5 's add up to 107185 is key.
stop by my office...I got a big pic of you from weight room
Any Celebrity Can U Please Follow Me It Would Mean So Much Especially Miley Cyrus, Ariana Grande Or, Justin Bieber
Cops just stopped are practice.
Were sad make us happy with telling your followers to follow us;
oh, man...
haven't seen that before.
If this were baseball, at least 2 of Nashville's goals would qualify as unearned.
I hate playoff hockey.
Nicely done Jason Hammel...
Ok Guys, the countdown is on, Jack Squad Movie out NATIONWIDE on DVD May 19th, 2009 visit: www.simboya.com for more info, please support
On the board!
Yes or NO .
.
Is apart of TeamBoyShorts 
What it do?
Appreciate ya reachin out!
I need some beats for my new mixtape.
Can u email some to or call 9015024878
I love them old pics: well not all of them:/
yea, let me know when youre free this week.
I always have gym clothes with me.
The website is updated with all of the new classes added to the schedule.
Everything is live tomorrow!
Yay yoga!
I did, loved it!
The best thing about is he's not afraid of NEW professort models.
Business first is why IAC wins.
I just listed you 20 times    
yes!!
I'm on your team !
By failing 2 prepare, U R preparing 2 fail.
Benjamin Franklin
I don't even know.
Cause she won't talk to me about.
The info I know I had to find out from nick.
...
I know it's her heart :/
damn near bro.
The warranty don't cover the data either.
sir I ended up being at office from 1130a 10p!
What?!?
broke some hinges off doors while I was there we have best mixers
Tool kicking off their summer tour on July 18th..
Let's hope they make another trip to Dallas!
okay : ill come by
Cool!!
Where?
Quagmire says the funniest things when he's doctornk.
Live for these phone calls.
Heading to the 2012 NRAShow this morning!
Any suggestions on must see booths?
Billionaire Arnault Lowered 15 Billion on Wealth Ranking
lol i just Stalk for pretty girls and say nasty gross shit to them
offline docs in apps has the potential to completely change IT depts for schools.
I'm at the session on Integrating Hidden Humanities into Everyday Life
Japan39;s Canon boosts fullyear professort outlook
I want selenas perfume!!!!!
I try : Have an awesome day
...
I very much support this thought process.
Find pleasure in the now with what you already possess.
Jessica Sanchez has a sore throat when she performed last night.
The last week of School is always the longest and stressful..
copped on RD still haven't had time to play
I love that you still count me as a youth leader
Looking at a light then seeing bright colorful dots.
Tornado heading towards Wichita!
The only reason NFL changed opener to WED is because the Democrats would have been blown away in the ratings by Football
haven't seen one episode...
We're now following 666 people.
Interesting....
Fall I love the way the valley where I live blazes with color
Yea ya know football's pretty inaccessible to me; maybe they should cut out half the rules so I could understand it better.
Passion tea lemonade at Starbucks is pretty good!
wait, you cheat on me, you act like a dick, but I did everything wrong.
I will personally buy your plane ticket back to england you prick.
Have a great tour!
Rock it, and hope I get to sing with you again sometime ;
Door hardware is used daily.
It pays to buy quality.
You dont want to have to replace it in five years.
Degrassi was amazing!
Next Thursday!
Will announce winners on Friday :
I wish apartments weren't soo freaking expensive.
the alltimelow version of umbrella makes my heart melt every time it comes on my ipod!
Gettin Prom tuxedos wit Scooter and Jake
The odds of being dealt a pocket pair are 16 to 1.
voice just cracked during his performance and he wasn't even 10 seconds into it...
finally figured out 'BT'...
boy, was I running slow yesterday
thank you for following me!
apologies to you newest ones that i cannot follow.
: i am still dealing with a twitter limit for following 2k!
never let a fool kiss you, never let a kiss fool you.
Nothing like brunch with a bloody!
I'm off on the Rioja crawl.
no club can afford 2 let ladies doctornk free all night unless they pour trash liquor,but I do agree ladies should pay no cover
What is everyone up to?
hey my friend I took picture with you at teen hoot!!
Follow us?
:
Everyone of those consultants started with small and/or independent shops, now they want to raise the cost to compete, sickening
Still havent been two sleep.!
Uqh I need two talk two him so bhadd im worried
Waiting is over!
I am preapproved for a mortgage!
Wishing all of you a safe and inspiring New Years Eve that kicks off an amazing and activating 2012!
Every day is a new day.
Hanging out  CELLspace tonight.
Looks like it is going to be pretty fun: dance music art, good times...
1st ever Wisconsin Startup Weekend event winners are....
US!
WE FRICKIN WON THIS THING!
Roger's on track...he's going to connect soon!
I wish people would stfu about people being gay .
Who the hell cares, we're all the same .
They don't get punished or go to hell .
hope you guys are going to check out studybreaks.com
Fuck the laws....dirty, crooked, racist ass copz....
Why does Anderson cooper keep giving racists a platform on his show?
of course!
I can't wait for the game to start, I know we're ganna win!
It's a Leap Day miracle!
How do you feel about the new layout?
RT : Whoa brand timelines are here on Facebook!
I used to like Shelley until she started tattle tail on everyone and being a big narc.
Never shed a tear for someone who's not gonna be there to wipe them away
LOLOLOL SO IS HAZZAAA AND THEY POINT TOWARDS ARE SECTiON IN THE VIDEO!!!
Tom Izzo will return.
MSU's presser at 8:30 p.m.
ET / 7:30 p.m.
CT on Big Ten Network.
Izzo, Mark Hollis and Lou Anna K.
Simon will appear.
I shoulda brought you a taco or two
I love this pic too!
The Knuck is one of my favorites.
doctorQuinn's man was all tan n sweaty all the time  lol
was planning on it, but got jammed.
Hate to miss.
thinking he is funny/thinking he is scribe totalleomove queenlee just kidding you're the man,
Welcome :D
Msg from BSDC  change to schedule for THIS Saturday afternoon classes at Latin Palace  Salsa lessons 45pm only.
Just leave me alone
thanks Ariel.
I will check out the salon and keep Logan in mind for 46 weeks from now :
No big deal, Orioles.
Can't win 'em all.
I scheduled some time off in midJune to come home.
Otherwise I don't have any plans.
Do you have plans to visit Seattle?
College of San Mateo Enroll in MUS.
665MD AFROLATIN PERCUSSION ENSEMBLE Aug.
20 Dec.
17, 2009 Taught by John Santos!!
so true!
How do we get our colleagues to be motivated  committed to advocating?
Would love for them to hit on that
goodmorning : any plan for today?
:
You too Dave...Hope you have a spectacular 4th!
not enough ball movement from the Jam, causing bad shots and TO's...
Jam down 6861 with 2:38 left in Q3
I love your tweets!
very soon, thanks for the support, Sac needs some G.A.!
Lol
Dumb shit is not worth fighting over.
Shut the fuck up!
I don't need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends I can be certain of.
I be back later I'm just getting off my sis phone so she can charge it
Need to learn to deal with this on my own
Watching the movie fireproof, cheesy but hits close to home for sure
Congrats to : My beautiful, brave wife gave birth this am 12/28 to beautiful little boy, both are doing great.
You're going to love the Bay Area!
Leadership  To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult.
Not gonna be productive tonight like I wanted!
Doggy socialization date  's field romp/postromp bath is done  I'm pooped!
Congrats to and the Bearcats on making the Sweet 16!
Done with camp
RT RT : Remember ther is no such thing as info overload, just filter failure :
As a trombone player, loved the brass interlude in Rock On.
kidoctorckdso.
Great stuff, great show.
I'm tweetin while I doctorve I'm doctorvin while I tweet
Where r u hiding?
Smile and let everybody know that today you are a lot stronger than you were yesterday
I've been called a hardcore handson practitioner today.
I'll take it as a compliment :D
Thank for the mentions!
Hope you enjoyed your 4th of July wknd
Skinny  anorexic , thick  obese , virgin  too good , nonvirgin  slut , friendly  fake , quiet  rude.
You can never please society.
o delicious!
;
doctoramchaser2 is a Problem!!!!
I woukd like to thank for saving me some bacon maple.
They are great people with great beer, check them out.
Looking at Online courses for C and objective C  any suggestions?
I won't be able to look at you tomorrow.
ready to shake  pop at tonight!
greenvelvet at godskitchen get to the /via
WRGP officially supports the Miami Heat, the official NBA team of FIU student radio!
Procurement Source Solutions, Your Guide To Government Contract Information
In the long run the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip  Daniel L.
Reardon
Do you have pets in your home?
If you don't have petimmune motion detectors your pets can set off your alarm.
Save money on coffee by brewing your own.
I had a great time meeting you last night!

BTW, you should set your goals higher.
I know blogs with more followers than 4000.
whqt do u mean by lockingg?:
Finally feel ready to move up a level in ballet, now all I need is the nerve!
In The Heart Of Cygnus, NASA39;s Fermi Reveals A Cosmicray Cocoon
I am super late but thank you for the Facebook support!
my electric fly swatter is at home.
it would take me an eternity to catch the fly with my bare hands.
i'm weak.
im good chillin out here in homewood at moms how lil mama doin
my baby will be 2 tomorrow..so excited
idk tweeted something i needed to see
History class 
Thanks for filling us in.
We look forward to partnering with likeminded Detroit organizations!
hey vicky your so so icky
does anyone have a keek?
:
And so twitter...
is quiet once more so now I sleep
MiamiShared: The kind of office where no one EVER asks if you've got a case of the Mondays.
I think within the next two years I will finally be photogenic
See you soon!
Still can't believe I did that...er, that I know somebody who did that!
how doctornk is ?!!
I haven't seen this mentioned much...how the 60 price tag affects choice.
90 game  60 spend.
80 score  less sales.
Norwegian Cruise Line Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
Sweet doctorams everyone and much love muahhhhh
Photoshop has my computer all locked up.
I just need it to print this one thing...
14 more wins for a title
Cowboystyle hats proposed for East High School doctorll team uniforms.
Hope i make this staff meeting....
yeah makes sense KC fan everything they do is right and everything denver does is wrong.
Or do you have a different fave team now
Omg Cece my little sister is so cute!:She just ran into a pole and reminded me of :
House hunting with my hot Hubby
that France squad looks very good on paper.
Some matchwinners there, good chance if they can click together.
Sunday thanks
:o well Thanks CJ!
Rt  Wx forecast today sounds like practice run for hurricane: tstorms, heavy rain, strong winds and maybe hail
nice work guys!...I like your sound...we should talk
Ah  im geekin ha
That SVG rafters pointSTRAIGHT TO MY HEART.
I saw a vid on youtube awhile ago and did a great job holding off the crayzeyy crowd lol :
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
just think about that will get you by
he boutta make me get a attitude, smh.
brackettrashed seems to be trending...love the MADNESS!
If you opened the message sent by my account, change your password and check for any unauthorized new apps.
oh my god ur pregnant!
Congratulations love!!!!!
nice!
thanks for the link.
Will you ever follow me?
3 x7
Haha, that's funny!
Where was Goofy's breakfast..
I know at Disney Land, but where at Disney Land?
Watching The Wire season 3, ASERIES!
Black masculinity being defined in extremities of the hyperviolent and übermenacing vs EDUCATEDILL
Play: Gem of the OceanRole: Black MaryTheatre: The Rubicon Theatre, Ventura CountyCallback next week...
stay tuned.
Mass Canine Vaccination: Can Canine Rabies be Eradicated in Africa and Asia?
Decoded Science
I won't speak your Jesus Christo.
great!
Pictures if you have any also3
what's your favorite club in CT??
HOLY SHIT.
They should be arrested for assault.
foodallergy nightmare.
Things to relearn: InDesign, oil painting, and how to play shortstop.
Have A GREAT DAY!
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms!!!
Very true, very true.
Have you seen any IRL test shots?
wanted to congratulate you and the rest of the guys on one of the greatest seasons ever in the history of the NFL.
my birthday is the 26th on january .
I love your music love u
Does anyone else think that most the stuff we learn in school we will never use or am I alone??:/
Happy Mothers Day to our moms and we love you and are thankful for you!
We are a group of real people, and I'm sure our over worked staff would love from baja fresh 271 E state st columbus oh 43215
Anyone know of a survey company like Survey Monkey, that lets you send to over 500 people for free?
Thanks for the help!
So Im At Home...
Now I Feel Like Havin Company....
lol you haven't seen me lately...at 270...yeah, I got hefty and still got my strength lol
Time to get ready for skool c:
Someone should run away to California with me..
lol.
No but really.
what app is that?
Wishing everyone a happy holiday!
With my ugly brother :D
Too funny.
My BF is aviation atty and once terrified his seatmate as he absentmindedly reviewed crash photos.
Man I tell you !!!
SMH

Boy: hey dad I got a girlfriend.
Dad: Good job son!
Girl: Hey daddy I got a boyfriend.
Dad: loads shotgun
strategies.
Affiliate marketing or organic growth?
I need to babysit for you when you guys get back!!
I love you too :
If you think about pain is just a signal from the body that something is wrong, lots of stuff can correct it.
Allow the most detailed description of what you want to manifest to expand and flow through the heart to make it so.
Hello Pastor Young.
Everything is going well with me.
God is a great God.
Hope all is well with you also.
God bless.
Omg.
Why is life so hard.
Jfjsbdkajjaonxbjckw.
Its In The DNA!
Once You Go , Everything Else Becomes Obsolete!
Good news for me though, can get 5 seats to see the Orioles play up here in NY
My basketball shoes smell so gross.lol
oh man Lee.
Hope you are okay.
That would be pretty freaky.
: Behind every great black man......is the police.
Lol naw behind every fast one they wud have been caught me
I think iv seen this episode of spongebob to many times XD im sitting here saying all the words along with themXD
took only one part of my questions!
Not the important tax issue
Rockin out to Betty Blowtorch while I'm working.
Reminds me of hanging out on the Sunset Strip!
Don't miss LA, but sometimes I miss my youth
We do our thing in Dallas but I bring my A game here in ATL.
hahah thanks :D
Be Strong Now, Because Things Will Get Better.
It Might Be Stormy Now, But It Can't Rain Forever.3
i approve.
but i am an arm girl, for sure.
so his arms are the stars of my show.
I hate that!!!
It's a curse/gift lol RT My spider senses NEVER fail me
Woot!
Homebuilder stock up after good report from Wells Fargo!
C'mon recovery c'mon!!
The Annual Red Lion Run Car Show will take place this year on Sunday, July 15th at Anderson Park in Wheat Ridge.
and I just doctorve through some crazy shit going down on deering ave
oh okay lol
AvP goodies are here:
Shut up!!
It's pretty quiet here today!
RT Today is National Kazoo Day.
Find yourself a quiet library and celebrate the crap out of it.
ima have to take another trip to the fair befor its over :
Why is it that when you're doctorving and looking for an addoctorss, you turn down the volume on the radio?
Check out my video!!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Jets backup Greg McElroy looks for a monogrammed and ergonomic pen and clipboard.
Long shot, but I got ideas for a 4Hour Schoolweek.
Message me if you want to do business...
Gonna hit downtown phoenix tonightthen maybe some pancakes and a blunt?
If i hear my neighbors yippie ass dog one more time im going to put it in a microwave.
dont say hi to the future when you havent said goodbye to the past.
Awesome meeting with Adoctoran Wilson of at the office.
Great things in the works for
me too well not the tatt part I used to make my mom sing it every night she still does when shes cooking.lol
Going on a Diet Coke run.
Gotta stay awake.
That is the worst feeling!
Sorry..
Winter issue out now!
Available at both s AND !
More delicious info on it to come in the New Year!
It may seem like a doctoram; things aren't what they seem.
Now begins a new adventure for you!
Medifast TSFL RT Meet newest member of JoyFitClub, David Johnson lost 200lbs  is a total hunk!
Soon on !
MSU alumni assn is working to help tailgaters show their location online.
This way I can find you so much easier.
Yay MSUAA
I haven't seen any tweets from  he must have blocked me!
Club Rejectz n Full Throttle bar Tonite!!!
You know, I just really haven't kept up with the Kardashians lately.
Shooting day 1 of 2 w/ PDG.
Thank God for TelePrompTers cause this script is long.
I totally forgot i was on Twitter...
D: that's a first
Going to miss MadMen tonight.
Argh.
The one show I'm watching these days now that The Good Wife is over.
misterSmith,I help young bball players maximize their untapped potential.Would u mind RT'n this to make more aware?thanks n advance
and stage dived!
BigGuy2RT : they brought some white kid on stage and after the song he yelled out B'S UP NA!!!!!
smh
School?
I want to sleep
Only the parts in between and including lovemaking and not lovemaking
Why are there no paperback copies of Catching Fire or Mockingjay available anywhere?
This is so frustrating!
Who's going to come up big in the ALCS tonight?
More Cruz or can a Tiger make this series interesting?
Just finished up at OCC tonightfeeling inspired and humbled by the brilliant students there tonight.
21Up doctorss Code Enforced Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT  MINK SUNDAYS inside Mink Ultra Club!
903 E Bitters Dj Mystic n the mix!
doctornk Speci ...
Are you guys having your own booth at warped tour ?
I TOLD MY MOMS IF SHE AINT FOLLOWMEBACK BY MOTHERS DAY SHE AINT GETTIN' ST!!!
Why facebook message me, when you have my phone number for texting.
Just one mental shift  focusing on the abundance of your environmentswitches your psychological settings so that your life automaticall
new piercing ??
i think soo.!
I feel real panicky  shakey :
Team bonding at Universal City tonight  good to relax after a long day on the convention floor!
Hey you guys killed it at Fader Fort.
Would have been nice to hear Shabazz on Wildfire instead of doctorke though
Kinda excited for finals, just so I don't have to carry a backpack.
Superbowl bound   RT : Colin Cowherd just said he thinks the Falcons go 124 and win the NFC South.
May the 4th be with you
Not sure if you saw our last message...
We have set aside 9 for you!
Let us know.
Cheers!
Read me the letter baby do not leave out the words stories  cigarettes ruined lives of lesser girls.
And I wanna know..3
just updated my linked in professorle, time for the job search to seriously begin.
Only 4 weeks left of classes.
yikes!
Hmm.
Always did personal.
Felt guilty asking the uni to pay but maybe I should.
THERE ARE NO PICS AND THEREFORE NO PROOF!
;p
WHEN WE AS 'HUMANS' LOSE FOCUS...WE FIND DOUBT, MISTRUST, ANGER, STRESS, HURT, PAIN THE LIST GOES ON...TIME TO REFOCUS.
Marinemomcee
Weekend was not long enough, but they never are!
And now it is time to sort the spreadsheets.
When bitches see a bee and act like its fucking Hitler.
I'll be at the rangers game tomorrow :D
Praying for Japan!
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.Napoleon Hill
Guy at the gym looks like one of Lady Gaga's back up dancers.
RT : YES!
Q3 IDs need not only content dev skills but data hierarchy management skills  and perhaps .xml
actually we were all wrong..
Its..
Wait..
Santino??!?
What a waste of a spot!!
Have you ever looked at a person and thought, yeah, you have someone in your basement.
It's a shame the music industry doesn't produce quality love songs anymore.
However, there is an abundance of hookin' up/fckin' songs.
Heading east on Anderson  there's a rainbow.
SOMEONE in Austin got rain!
I was honestly surprised by the changes.
I didn't expect Blizzard to give up on some of their old standbys.
Death!
Where the damn free beer!
Saw you guys on Ross the other day...you need to wear helmets!!
LOL!!
you mean currently ?
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
The Buddha
Operation: Sound Off!
artist Crystal Guzman featured LIVE on Billy Blocks Locals Only show  Tootsies.
LISTEN LIVE at www.103wkdf.com!
Is attending RIT Entrepreneurs Conference: Web of Opportunities.
Very sad.
I don't know about you but if trav's happy I'm happy.
It's about time he deserves something beautiful in his life, even if it's not forever
VIP night this evening and every Tuesday night at the Scholars Inn!
All appetizers 1/2 price for VIP members!
Basking in the glow of Oprah
Lol...so close!
Follow your intuition in fitness and in life.
CG Philosophie.
Thanks!
Hope You're Having A Blessed Pregnancy 3
Brent mind be all in the gutter lol Nasty .
Yeah, that's great.
Now come back to LA!
;
Going to watch abdc tonight in my boys will be boyz shirt!!!
My marathon was Saturday.
My body wants to run, badly.
My mind, wants it too.
My left leg, says no, please stop, now!.
Like bread, soup and getting together with local thought leaders to discuss new art projects?
Then join anhkc for Bread Dinner TR at 7pm
U guys are doing great!
Keep up the good work!
:
I need a new mattress.
DC: CLub Love, Vince Gray hosted an event for all volunteers.
It was GREAT!
Come on Nov 2, Jan 2!!
Just let me know when you have leftovers!
lol
My college roommate and I once left Daydoctoram Believer on repeat in our room to see who would crack and turn it off first
At the beach in sunny Carlsbad, California  breezy 78 degrees!
Gorgeous  come visit!
Everyday I'm Russellin Cards win
don't you be talking about her like that lol
get better!
flu  nice weather are the worst!
Well Tina, Linda, and Chris know their stuff!
Vanilla is eaten the most of al the flavors!
keeping it classy in your city don't hate
can't wait for tonight's episode!
has always been my favorite.
I think she may be my favorite of all time :
First big spider kill of the year was an intense one.
I got to send a message to all of them not to crawl under this door and fuck with me.
With some up high and some beneath, they brushed and brushed and brushed their teeth.
's face is melting right now over the carsonpalmer news.
Two 1st rounders  overpayment.
yayyy David you're the best!
:
preparing for tomorrow.
yea ur right, but idk maybe it could be put to good use lol..
Like cheat on a test from someone behind u.
u know?
Lol oo
America I've given you all and now I am nothing.
America peace officer forced to release pepper spray to maintain public safety
kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Mon, May 14 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
Trees are sparkling, shops are full  the music is playing.
Thats right its FREMONT FESTIVAL OF LIGHTS tonight!
59 on Fremont.
Itstimeforyoutorealize that no matter how hard you try, gentleman, I am still a lesbian.
RT : Does goat resemble lamb in taste  texture?
not at all....
more mild and sweeter too
i see dis hoe is playing games
It look like a security nigga...
Yay : I miss talking to ya.
How have ya been??
my favorite white girl
Just divided my class into the Three Estates.
The French Revolution sometimes teaches itself.
Shopping with my sis!!
need to die from coholposinen
LetMeKnow If AnyOne Wants A Follow Back ; I'd Love2FollowYouh!
When working out on your own do not let the ball bounce more then TWICE after a made or missed shot.
That's going game speed!
sounds like Justice crossed with Air.
Cool stuff!
Tonight!
DERRICK MAY w/ PEZZNER  Neumos
Just got home and smashed 3 slices of pizza,a sandwich,and a protein shake.The amount of food my body can take in a day is
Question of my year: What if the alien holds the key to unlocking our alienation?
today is the day I keep accidentally clicking on things by ramming my left mouse button into my keyboard.
time to clear some desk space.
My pleasure!
: Very happy to have Casey Bond from Moneyball on tonight to preview the MLB season on 
Looking forward to mtg wit today.
Helping seniors live independantly and safely is what it's all about.
FF your mother.
What is this better excuse?
Cause that sounds bogus to me haha
awesome, see you in the sunshine.
wat info u need?
got wat u need
nf thanks for the follow!
13 steals for OKC.
Just 1 for LA.
All you need to know.
you've got that right.
damn heavy doors!
caught me by surprise.
If there's any justice in this world, Bayern will tear them apart.
Yeah, good luck with that prediction ;
couldnt agree more
Finna check the kitchen out
got any?
the way Roc says Leggo  ayee pure Ghetto !
love that dude always
You coming down?
My Last name is Italian :D
Maybe it's bc I DVR everything, but I've seen no advertising for The Avengers.
If it wasn't for twitter/fb, I wouldn't even know it was out.
great to meet w/Martin Davidson  team from , lots of room for collaboration in education, exchange  English
When is that video gonna be ready??
Can't wait!
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
John Albert Michener
Rainy night, I'm missing the time of living in the garage with sand bags and duct tapes outside but still worrying about the flood
Just watched Showtime sports w/Laurence Taylor  best show I've seen in months!
Great!
We gotta get right back to where we started from
your Habit dancing was frickin sweet.
You took that song to a new level my friend!
Q: You know why God is a man?
A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
um I feel ashamed for watching this because I think she's mentally challenged.
I'm speechless wth
It's not that I don't believe you can change...trust me...I do.
But until that change happens...I refuse to get my hopes up.
Don't know of a free one.
Colluqy is the standby I think.
No breakfast means im ready 4 lunch
OK had fun last night with my machineguntweetjokes.
Someone give a topic and I'll tweet 10 jokes about it.
Food has been great and if I escape this trip with only a 1015 lb.
weight gain, I'll be glad.
I need to restart my running shedule quickly.
professorBies: Who has been your moral encouragement to keep on keepin' on?
Rip Miss Malinda Bostick who will always have a place in my heart!!!!!!
So Romney's father was born in Mexico.
My question is: Where the hell are all those annoying birthers?
I must be honest and say that I've never heard you or Seva sing but I've heard Vlad for years.
Dang that unrequited love.
It's lead to much worse, but that's pretty horrible!
I think she's getting 3 yrs.
in prison.
Hanger steak eggs benedict with cauliflower, pickled shallots, and mushroom hollandaise
Look forward to it!
I just need some time to write my thoughts down with seablue gel pen in my rainbow journal, Okay?!
send me one
unpopular opinion
after I've already napped today, im ready for bed now.
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
Good morning yall...reading lamp woke me up.
everybody go follow zaynsavocado on instagram
Every time this woman opens her mouth, my eye twitches.
coincidence?
Nope.
lemme take a guess..
Paramore, In this moment, eyes set to kill
About to take off 4 LA, reading The Actor Speaks.
Frances McDormand's chapter is direct and very cool.
NextMarcia Gay Harden.
Nifty!
I be feeling like a nigga when I wear my hats to the back RandomButTrue Lol
Will do.
Thx!
is opening A BRIGHT ROOM CALLED DAY on May 29th!
For reservations, email
i followed you:
Happy Friday!
After a night of partying, don't forget to brush your teeth : www.kravitzdental.com
Revealing this b.c am wholly annoyed by this one dude.
Few great email exchanges.
I advise how I hate the phone; this is already awkward...
Missed the 1st episode of Amateur Millionaires Club?
Catch the encore premier this Saturday 10:30pm on MYATL TV Comcast Channel 13
1 RT : Lame.
His loss.
Sorry
I realize that i like typing.
it's just fun.
woo
What's up, friends?
How's your weekend so far?
Cosign : Saw the shuttle.
Love the shuttle.
Go nasa!
's sister has more followers than me :O lol.
n she hasn't even tweeted!
hahaha thats funni.
:
Just saw two cows fucking it's about to be a good night!
Only in Martinsville haha
Love you, Artie!
Watched Dirty Work today.
Heh, I'm trying to get to doctorve me up there to play tonight.
He's not buying my plea.
FAIL lol
The Mark Henry Rollins Band
spendy, true.
But it sounds like a great topic.
ALCTS members  student rates are much better at 219  99.
Hoping I dont get trampled on
mexicalicalexico.musicantica.pedoctor.andoctorw.ivan.israel.vox...sun so hot i forgot to go home.
Not following?
Ask.:
Ugh.......today is gonna be aggravating as FUCK...
I sware i feel like either you with Miami Heat or you hating on the MIAMI HEAT!
One or the other!!
Go sit y'all geekn aes DOWN!
Repacked for the bazillionth time.
Only want one checked bag and one carryon.
The only clothing  shoes I have left are for CrossFit.
Ha!
I don't get people who text back 40min later
for me it turned into an exercise in false expectations  shattered assumptions.
I developed a theory too long to explain here
oh..stop.it.
they bring the spa to you!
u just relax  enjoy!
awesome!
LOL You a fool!
RT : Shout out to ....Keep up the great work!
we be clubbing ...
Lol
Who wanna go to la fitness wit me ?
Pizza of the Week: BBQ Chicken  A southern pizza with BBQ sauce, red onions, chicken strips  mozzarella cheese
Good morning world!
Have a wonderful week!
Don't miss out on our presale offer!
Today is the last day to get a 10 off use code GLMLAUNCH
Knock.
Knock.
LAPrime wet aged delmonico, great view and food, a good choice for downtown dining
RT : Ah!
107.9 announces who's going to perform at BirthdayBash tomorrow!!
better be excited!
It sticks out all over your mug
but I think they're letting me anyways.
Ahahaha.
I pray they do.
They moved math down to a 370.
All my Denver sport teams are kicking ass so far.
Let's go D Town!
And the Jimmy Fallon passes go for 500!!!
are anymore movies coming out this month?
thanks for promoting our alum.
He was like a baby penguin in school, now he is turning into an Emperor Penguin!
Is trying to promote the new Max Payne 3 game?
Lol.
He does look cool though.
I have yet to try and it's owned by 2 McD alumnino excuses anymore!
I've heard nothing but great reviews!
Gotta stay tru to yoself, God always provides a way out and I did not take it when I seen it n should have.
Abundantly sorry.
I'm done now
Im going to buy a case that will hide/cover most of the damage.
then my mom needs to call Verizon see what my options are
PAP 2 MIA...back on American soil after 15 days in Haiti!
So thankful 4  the LIFE God has blessed us with!
Ready 2 c my fam!
The team will be RG3  40 guys over the age of 30.
Nearly 1/3 of world's food supply could be at risk from loss of
Does get compliment royalties for the heisman promo?
He was the first to coin it.
that is so true.
I tell my childoctorn that all the time.
Its important lesson to learn.
wish for a big black penis?
Or the perfect life....
Wait you already have it because it's a life filled with happiness:
This week is not going good at all so far, and it's only Sunday :
I know bro!!!
and we both have good taste in music too.
we simply must become friends.
Sometimes I love to meet and greet because he makes me and my bestie so special and happy
I wish I could doctorve.
Basking in the glow of meditation, reaping the benefits of healthy choices,  reveling in the GRIZZNATION win!
chiefs Are you serious?
: The SEC championship game in '09 was one of the funnest games I ever played in...
how was '08?
Einstein would be near the bottom of my personal list...
1 Bagels Forever, 2 Gotham
Is it possible to get a negative score?
Cuz I think I got that.
RT : RT : Slow down, Montrose!
HPD has a speed trap set up at Westheimer and Hazard.
Please RT!
Productive days are such a personal triumph, definately better than those days that lag  I can't even get my bangs right.
In desperate need of corn dogs, a filet o fish, and an oreo milkshake from Baba's...
Carissa is taking forever to get ready.
Ugh...
Here being the U.S.
Methods For Creating Aquaponics Design Elements.
For the first time in a very very long time, i couldnt fall asleep for my nap.
Shoe choices for the squad?
Hyperdunk, Zoom Soldier V, Air Max Destiny, Hyperfuse, Hyperfuse Low, off court Moto9, Air Force 1.
Mix And Mastering These Mixes For My Phoenix EP!
I'm a wiz what can I say?!
'Yeah now when the big wigs around you a defenseless little lamb with an overload of work, but acting like you the shit, fuckin bitch!'
you will be famous 4 SURE, .
but 1 thing i defenately know is that you will NEVER FORGET YOUR MAHOMIES 
We had this conversation, I have my condo reserved in hell already XD
Auto Glass Experts is a clear choice for all your auto glass needs.
From windshields to rear glass and expert advice, call 4144097263
dude that's awesome :p
Dont start the new year off with last years problems.
A fuck up attitude
Dollar is what I need
you got some serious body guards!: haha
The server at Raisins in is from my hometown!
Small world.
why are you so damn adorable?
Enlime is now at SDF Building Salt Lake, Sector V, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
Crescent, aloft, sheraton downtown, zaza.
Game is in arlington but I think parties will be in downtown area of dallas.
I had to double take on that statement
just lost the motivation to finish this paper.
looks like i'll just read instead :
For some reason they have a hard time figuring this out
Today's words to remember: a watched pot never boils.
Just let life happen while you're waiting!
They made fries and wings ....
oh God
It's Monday, tell everyone you know about us!
Our new name will be announced soon, spread the word 3
Chrissie used My City Was Gone as leadin music today as he continues hatespeech against
So you can now buy Snickers in a bar the size of your forearm.
If you search for God or the devil under every rock, you will surely find them there.
Did you see Hive11 speaker 's company 500 Startups had a write up in Huffington Post?
Check it out
ArikJohnson: Tried completing feedback survey for SLA2010  was told we did not detect a valid survey in progress at the very end...
...
Today is a very special day, a day to RadiateLove, Smilers proud of what we taught MileyDay2011 
For all of us, our Tribe tells us who we are.
Tribal Leadership.
Who does your Tribe say you are?
How are you creating your Tribe?
In a supermarket in California.
Stop by the Duck Pond on Monday and pick up maps, library hours, your very own library pen from your friendly neighborhood librarians.
Tulo running gingerly after an infield single.
Leaving the game now.
the reason im riding to bloomington right now 
Just heard from a sound designer who met his fiancé when she stage managed a show he was designing.
Now: using QLab at the wedding reception
Making pepermint chocolate pretzel MMs winning yummy :
Yes!
Can't wait for this road trip up north.
Tomorrow I book my flight to Madison for the recall...
No problem!
:
Yes!!!
Off this 10 hour shift...finna jus take a nap in the shower lol
My life has been one great big joke A dance that's walked A song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke When I think about
u r so hott i wish i was older
Fiat 500 BSpec Leads World Challenge Touring CarB Standings After Inaugural Race Weekend
How did you do?
I got my 45 pips.
Old people have these hang ups about soured relationships.
If I don't like someone I stay away, I don't go out of my way to ruin anything.
Natel  Make You Sweat 
Oh my lord.
I need help falling asleep.
This is just getting ridiculous.
RT : Park Equipment and Bleachers: So, you and your friends are nice and comfortable in your new set of bleachers and......

Done shopping for now , heading to get some food .
: text me
hey Justin!
your my sisters inspiration.
she's an great Singer and she absolutely loves you!
your the reason she wants to sing
Someone needs to make that kid at the next table shut the hell up.
is this something internal, or consultant doctorven?
I need a good laugh.
Can you help me out?
I know, I can't wait till you come!!
: hopefully something fun will be going on :
I'll see you all at mlgcolumbus too for
Some people's screens are made to be read in different light.
Wish mine was!
I would work outside more often.
RT : Check out my blog to win a package of Cabot Creamery goodies
Yippee!!
: I'M GETTING MARRIED TODAY!!!!!
Police nab burglars with aid of an observant caller  Marshalltown Times Republican
hate and fear are often confused
Hey lady, when you get the opportunity would you follow me?
I'd like to ask you a question directly.
Thanks!
On the phone with the love of my life 333
RT : Grant Co.
crews fighting 10 acre 49 Fire, N of Tyrone.
Threat to a nat.
gas pipe facility.
Tweeting from Beginning SocialMedia class tonight.
They will love Twitter by the end of tonight!
Now I Think Of All The Times You Screwed Me Over.
Now You're Just Somebody That I Use To Know.
But yeah the compliment was nice.
Cause some days I def am not in the mood for my hair.
We have a very interesting relationship..yes indeed.
Chevy needs to rethink their ads
IM BACK TO 99 followers...
DANG IT!
is so pretty.
3 c:
Hey out would probably love the man's version of
I jus saw ur make a wish thing.
U truly are amazin n u deserve all the fame n happiness u get bc u give to others.
Ur
The only girl for me eye is hurt I bet it's because she ain't seen me in a while
i have three jars!
Detroit is a little chilly this morning but good!
Maybe we can skype monday?
I have an idea....
Ricky Gervais didn't upset and neither did the fashion!!
I noticed greens, and blush!!
Gorge!
o my gosh!
you r one of my fav actors in the whole world!!
i loved you in war horse.
best movie of the year
I will be mayor w/o ever stepping on the property.
Goal anyway.
Or I will Geaux in to be mayor that day
it was the sla ucla chapter.
A classmate volunteers at kcrw and the music librarian was super excited to show ppl around.
Shout out to cuz a bunch of people were saying shit about her twitcon but she's fucking hot  she has the body for it.
NyQuil: The stuffy, sneezy, whythehellistheroomspinning medicine.
I've learned something today.
Never go to BK again.
Their frappes are gross.
Midnight in Paris has reached 39.9 million in the US, meaning that tomorrow it will become Woody's highest grossing film in US.
a small select family of folks have the new CD Cautionary Tales and reports back say they love it as much as we do  raising a glass to that
I started laughing when I saw your twitcon haha
Just like grits, polenta always gets a bad wrap.
Until you try Chef Joe's.
Staple order for you?
Sunday Funday at today!
We play the FPL stage at 6pm!
Simplified Sunfest Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock  Roll!
We're hanging out w/ tonight at First Church of the Nazarene for a free show with Shepherd Community Ctr.
Come join us!
Ted Nugent says he'll be dead if Obama wins?
That's better incentive to vote than the 300 bribe we got from Dubya.
On early days of AOL, reflects I spent 3 years convincing PC manufacturers to build modems into computers...
Q3 Would you ever lend money to a stranger in need?
Have you?
those who don't go out of their comfort zone  meet new people 
Incredibly inappropriate straws...
This is going to be a FUN night ;
good!
you'll feel better!
How do you only have 5 damn tweets!!
Get on!!
Honey, where is my supersuit?
I said where is my supersuit?
Irene's was nice too.
RT : Wallpaper!
how u make the font look like that?
enjoy your last day of vacation.
Hope you're having a blast!
Best season ever?
Title going to the last game, CL places going to the last game, relegation too.
I think it's been awesome to watch :
I might as well get used to this......
Come on giants win this so we can kill the pats
g hill rite foo I am pacer fan and u a Cleveland fan foo
I just read your bio it says your 15 what are you trying to get me put away go read a book and study
Did I just score a previouslyunknown state of the book I'm editing?
Or is there something Very Wrong with my apparatus?
It doesn't need to be so hot.

leading.
succeeding.
achieving.
Congrats to for winning the best cinematography award at Sundance!
Little and often makes much.
Play Alganon
I am reading In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson, who proves again that truth is stranger than fiction.
Hahaha!
That's brilliant!
:D
childhoodtv  Zoey101!!
I know you see me standing here Do I look good my dear?
Do I look good today?
Oh I'm just another kind of girl
Hey , its nice to see the feature in !
U CANT STOP GREATNESS
Awesome!
We're looking forward to it!
:
Stay Strong.
You gotta great chance at being a serious player for years to come in
I haven't seen this much red since Ray Lewis just happened to be at the crime scene, and helped the guy escape.
Not a fan of sombrero guy's copycats, either.
Oh my god you so damn cute.
Make me give up all my loot :
neil peart writes the lyrics.
they all write the music.
Brain Matusz NEEDS to prove something tonight.
headphones glued to my ears 3 jammin'
Happy AlohaFriday have a fun MothersDay weekend...
Dear person who through eggs at justin, FUCK OFF ASS

hey Jonny, happen to know any PHP/doctorpal webslingers looking for a fulltime gig?
Got 3 I'm looking to fill.
Up to 80K.
I was JUST bumping her album in the car!
bout party my ass off for new years fuck this shit iam takin no prisoners lol
Ima Be Thee First To Say Ima Stunt When I Get Ma First Car.
I Ain't Gon Know How To Act.
quit spamming
I do.
I grew up down the street from him, his sister was in my grade.
Went to the same bus stop.
I support him  buy his tunes
I cannot stress enough how much I love that cool summer night air
oh ohooooh international love.
Thanks to everyone who came out last night love you and will miss you all!!!!
Ah....I mean, what a stupid reason to get yourself suspended.
Man I feel like I just woke up from a coma.
slow down on the vandy tweets.
Syracuse isnt going to get that top spot this week.
Just found out that 's recently opened SCLC files at MARBL have info about the org's antiapartheid actions.
Awesome!
Today I styled a bride at the Bahamas.
But I wasn't nervous because I had plenty of practice with wedding Barbie when I was ten.
:
I'm waving hi since you're so close!
:D
Wondering what Conway Twitty's twitter page would look like...
'Five Seconds' sounds like it belongs in a John Hughes movie....
jean jacket dance party lets go
Wonderful photography lecture at MassArt by Steven Shore for him, creating art is about problem solving and facing challenges.
me too!!!
I'm so ready to see you and at Wgi!!!
The most awkward place to run into a homeless person is on your way to a Coinstar.
No formal mandate.
Lib just collects articles and posts.
I'd like to be de jure as well as de facto, but no plans yet.
Ugh...
that's too hot.
Maybe...
Not sure yet.
Long day mascoto on point.
I miss you Too hit me up boo
Goodmorning young world :
Attention and endorphins make a very pretty pair, and wounds make graves for secrets.
::dearestazazel::lovely, lovely::
Thinking of you keeps me awake.
doctoraming of you keeps me asleep.
Being with you keeps me alive.
But most of all, loving you keeps me happy.
Please be Upshaw
Happy Valentines Day !!!
NOLA Food Delivery will be open at 5 pm!
nice new branding!
;
he's Russian ?!
;oo
when you coming
Just starting The Goose Girl by Shannon Hale.
fridayreads Also have The Magicians by Lev Grossman on my list, too.
:
I know it's not Friday, but follow and shout em out FF when it is
Broke the screen on my phone.
No insurance.
Will Apple or Verizon do anything?
RT : Downtown Indianapolis is honestly one of my favorite places.
It is so amazing
I'm fappin' in daves backseat.
He has no idea shhhhh
Had a live reception with MAD Lab Emergent Art Center today via video and VR
Goin to the mal
I sure can!!
Every job is a selfportrait of the person who did it.
Autograph ur work w/excellenceUnkn via  Great way 2 start the week!!
You don't know what's in store But you know what you're here for
Obv u tried something  she shut it down RT : Why is it soo hard to believe tht I can say no to sex:girl sleep in the same bed.
my mouth hurts so damn bad
RT : It's National Nurses Week.
Nurses: THANK YOU for everything you do!
our DP, Christian, is now tweeting!
you can follow him !
Two days of shooting to go starting tomorrow!
ihatemondays where there is a test tht u r not prepared for
The unexpected causes reaction, which causes creativity, which causes a decision, which causes change.
or  ?
It's up to you...
I dare you!
Small fry!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who rapes and murders your entire family.
he isnt.
i love him and austin
Joe.
What's your gut on this?
As a fellow entercom employee.
Lol.
8th Ave pizza in southern highlands.
So bomb.
Is a company doing more harm than good w/Social Media response when internal processes are detrimental to customer sat?
First sexual deviant in the White House.
Obama just keeps making history.
What's next pedophiles?
Beasty peopel?
are super sad we didn't get to hug you!
Congratulations on the Primary win.
I'll be seeing you on the campaign trail!
Totally going to all their ATL shows from now on.
We need to start librarians' fan club.
Bet would join.
thanks for coming out to doctornkingAboutMuseums, I noticed doctorw a bigger crowd than
pretty ladies!
Great job to our Pidgeons today against the Calamity Janes!
Fellowship and Community are our priority!
Just down the street where the Wife shot her husband.
If anyone needs a soundbite I can tell you how quiet our neighborhood usually is.
Bring me some fucking kettle corn.
A real leader is one who gives 100 to oneself, one's organization and everyone one knows 100 of the time.
Thanks for the Mention CaseyLynn :
Might go to the mall
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 0421 the city of Venice was founded.
Just came back from a screening of 's new film 50/50.
Man, he's a great actor.
I cried.
Q: Strangest gift you've received?
Giftcards are always cool  stop by guest services.
TC's apply.
Come on rain!
Stop do the clevelandindians can play
they just called ur name :
Just over half the states in the US have an unemployment rate at or below the national average.
Hm seems to be a non statistic.
bout to get ready to go.
love u to rach!
This weather  sucky
RT : RT : Very interesting, AOL joins Outercurve Foundation to transfer its OSS stuff.
Why not the ASF; licensing?...
aww you moving by yourself
hahaha pretty sure it's run by some BU girl.
Stupid cats knocked over some Hawaiian punch on to my Skyrim guide.
I suddenly feel the urge for tacos.
what are you doing to help the situation?
do you speak to students, do mentorships, hire interns?
Awesome!
I have to finish Thomas the Rhymer this morning and then I'll start FH.
:
why is the match tomorrow a chairs match not like a tlc or tables?
whats the difference between a chairs match and tlc?
Love is like sand.
Whenever you seem to have it in your hands, it slips through your fingers.
I will plying from LA to catch that game for sure jets/Pats at the razor..can you say
Went to farmers market 2day.
Best sweet corn in the world!
If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam.
To com sono
I am rather sold on the idea after reading that fact.
Lazy sunday!
2012 NCAA National Champions Kentucky Wildcats yeah baby!!
SITTING HOME BORED MOS.
DEF GETTING OUT THE HOUSE DIS WEEKEND
dude I am also watching Roadshow.
Loving this episode
same ol same ol
I also facebook and also
I hate predicting bullshit right before it happens...I guess thats why somtimes it doesn't phase me
Wow!
That is bloody awesome!
H To The izzO V To The izzA
great teamwork last night chef.
having the best conv w/ , I swear she's the ONLY one I can call a real ass bch 3
i love that i have a guarantee on seeing you at every good show!
lol that to much nd I doctornk a lot during practice too Oo
This student did reference particular countries, just don't want to be too specific on twitter for students' sake.
From now on, I'm going to answer the phone by shouting Pizza House!
u are such a weirdo
Who is gonna win Survivor tonight?
my guess is Kim or Sabrina
The secret of success is consistency of purpose.
Benjamin Disraeli
If u r not a funny person...then don't try to be funny during sales presentations.
U will bomb.
: ur going lesbo?
Lol jk Pam's trying to connect with her sister in a much deeper level.
Practice 3 at 10am.
Nothing better than Football on a Saturday!
I got that unstoppable feeling, aint nobody fucking this shit up bro we just gotta go mia  WORK.
Yay!!!
; : Stuck in traffic and snow in milwaukee!
Yay
yeah who cuuurrsss : Holy Smokes Albert Pujols got a hit!
Agreed.
Rough game 1.
Police may have a lead on the killer of the 11 women whose bones were found on Albuquerque's West Mesa in 2009a box of a suspect's things.
Now that should be fun for you all night.
my teacher compared our midterm grades today to pearl harbor  said we need to bring our A bomb and treat the final like hiroshima
freeben is in Twitter Jail!
lol or : and also : /
In our biz technological triumphs, no matter how insignificant, are worthy of a tweet.
So no need to break the washer.
Yes.
Stop being pathetic.
This link won't save your job
omg yess!
i LOVE one direction!3
Get in on the conversation with !
2229800 or text at 69822!
Celtics lose, 8786, in Game 5 in Atlanta.
Oh, and RedSox lost to Royals, 64.
See you tomorrow, Boston.
Hopefully it's better for us.
highly believable.
you said yourself that you bet i have girls all over me at all times.
did you just prove yourself right?
Thinking about rolling around w/ blasting the Beastie Boys in a '92 GEO in '03.
meet us in the lobby!
don't tell me what to do...
To avoid neck pains, make sure that you have proper posture while sleeping or working.
It only requires discipline to avoid this PAIN!
you too!!
RT : Tonight is playing Centerville Highschool we go on at 9:15 pm DAYTON COME HANG!
The answer may be its the maineiacs night....disgusting save from Champion at one end leads to breakaway goal for HoudeCaron at 15:21
UCLA's TFT partnered with the Million Dollar Theater in downtown L.A.
to revive and screen classic films from the past 80 years...
I can't wait until Pretty Little Liars comes back.
Killer line up for this Saturdays show!
Tom will interview the ladies of 5 Lesbians Eating A Quiche
thanks you!!!
using cell phones in class as an educational tool tie2011, finally.
Copper Station
Thanks, man
Happy Cinco de Mayo Everyone!!
Let the Margaritas start flowing!!
one love
Slow down..
head is under construction...so please everyone type quietly!...ty
you should follow me on viddy even though i won't post
this isn't fun, and I didn't even get my lunch.
The Little Vampire comes on tonight...
lahsklkaksjj so perfect 3 follow me:
I finally finished four years of Undergrad at MICA!!!!
Tonight I will see The Black Version Mmh that doesn't sound weird at all
WidespreadPanic in Minneapolis on Oct 25?
RT : NPR head resigns after calling Tea Party racist.
Tomorrow, NASA head to resign after calling space big.
Yep, they usually give a list of permitted uses: tuition, rent, transportation, books, etc.
Nothing that can make you a professort.
Forgiveness sets you free...blessing those who hurt you, sets them free.
Gonna be at the hospital all day.
I had never even heard the piece before!!
Sightread first violin part...pretty nerve wracking lol
A boy with Dimples  
Loved the hunger games!.....just like everyone else who didn't read the book.
Good Morning Fam!!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!!
how on earth was Tevez allowed to hold that up, doesn't anyone at City have even a speck of common sense!
Go follow
I never have either, but the dude's semicolon abuse is appalling.
HEY TERRI..THANKS 4 THE FOLLOW..TONY..F/S...
a good title might be, the tweets of virtue
Anyone can train a perfectly healthy person.
But can you progress an individual with limitations?
Safe Exercise Protocols.
MFF.
I love myself
hello!
Direct correlation!!!
love it Jenny
haha u never met one ur age before?
ive met people on here that are directioners older than me like 20 and 21 lol
Thank U to my good friend for donating to I'm running from 9am Sat9am Sun 4U
Yeah, that's right!
RT : We suffer way too much from sht that never happens!
'get ready to be ok'!
;
Love this quote!
Eat food.
Not too much.
Mostly plants.
Michael Pollan
made my morning!
I swear when Nina gets bigger i'm hanging her.
Next up: Kentucky/UConn  remember, when you hear the 2 min warning, get a shot for just 2!
What is with the sudden popularity of Tom Petty?
I like it...but odd.
Thanks man.
Enjoy your night
appreciate the RT .
.
.
Salute to all the insights in ya interviews
BIG WIN for the DEMOCRATS.
If the person that wrote the PLAN say it is wrong for this day and TIME, PAUL RYAN is bent on being DESTRUCTIVE.
let's get it lil bruh
If you're ever in the Midwest and want to travel, use Megabus.
My trip from Chicago to Milwaukee cost me 1.50  the bus has WiFi!
Women  when I say a handjob is similar to getting ketchup out of a bottle, that does NOT mean grab my dick and pound on the top of it!
I feel heaven when I worship!
I live worship!
The real worshipers know this feeling.
Fort Lauderdale, it's a Beautiful day in South Florida!
amazon US won't let me give away books?
i'll do it myself.
tomorrow 7/21: Broken Angel free on my site.
will tweet when it starts.
But, assuming a stripper was stripping for 510 years, is it enough to retire with?
In this economy?
lol that's what I do
Question 3: Whats the one thing someone could say to you that would make you wanna fight?
hahaha when taken out of context, about 50 of what PTs say cab be taken doctorstically different!
Can you turn on?
Thanks for including us in your update!
The Fop !
The are having a reverse raffle for grownups on Saturday, 4/28.
7pm12am!
Call 9647440 for tickets and info!
Had a fabulous lunch with !
Gosh I'm gonna miss her!
I love working with students.
Wish was with us!
Yes it would RT Let's go, !
A win in LA would be sweet.
First day of work accomplished.
No casualties.
I fucking hate you!!!
D:
Damn i need 2 start checking the weather at night
Kobe had 3 of those costly 6 turnovers.
Not sure Laker nation can keep getting on LBJ6's case any more.
One week from tonight.
Greg Bryant Expansion at Nashville Jazz Workshop Give us a whirl.
is wondering whether the internet is the golden calf of opportunity.
thank you, doctor!
:D
against so bad teams, but yeah, they're figured out how to pass the ball.
omg obsessing!
Going to do some online shopping right now!
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Hahaha love it!
...good Santorum territory...
I agree.
Im in debt n im only a junior..no credit either!
I like my music real loud real loud!
MICA ArtWalk 2012 is tomorrow!
Registration is now closed online, but you can still come as a walkin.Event from 59PM.
Tickets 25.00
the response to the queerphobicish has been hilarious/horrifying.
the exec editor thinks she won't get a journalism job now...
Thanks for teaching my dog to play with a stick.
He now picks up sticks constantly.
Lol!
Another good day for at Bancroft.
I'll post a pic when my buddy's parents sign her photo release.
STILL FULL!
Thanks for the follow.
Congrats on the beautiful work with PARIAH!
blistered my own feet walkin barefoot so she wouldnt have to
Ahh Atlanta airport, I see you still have the smoker terrariums in place.
It's baseball season, go Seattle Mariners!
Can't wait to get back to club Safeco this year.
I wish we were there right now, but it's prolly dark and foodless.
Today we are at Direct Supply, slanggin our World Famous gyros so come grab one for lunch.
Sorry to Marquette, no Cart today, stupid rain.
Do yourself a favor  shut the fuck up.
Well, just broke into my own apt from the outside for the first time.
I guess it's some consolation that it was a pain in the ass.
Why would he do that when his boss would just say
Happened to catch PBS's American Experience on Bill Clinton last night.
Exhausted just watching it.
Enough for at least three lifetimes.
I'll Katch A Grenade For Ya
I know how that works, but a visually impaired person wouldn't know what buttons to push to make the texttospeech work.
I can't express to you anymore how much you mean to me.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
we have a glut of awesome shit coming through.
i'm actually afraid it might break me.
ff i love , by which i mean the band, and not the women who chopped a man's cock off and buried it in the park.
Those days when everyone seems to be on a different page than you.

Sry can't make it to NPFace tonight  hope to make it next month, cheers!
: Some reports pop in  out of council mtgs.
I like to stay for whole mtg.
Without suffering there is no compassion A Walk To Remember 
This is the least stressful LA trip Ive had so far...
Please let it stay like this.
Thank You for passing the motion to hold a Referendum on the Glass Box
Louisville didn't have a coach available either.
so many lolcats in so little space!

might explode if we all post at once
I knew you'd like it!
Glad you enjoyed as I did!
:
Steve Sailor: those LA bluecollar whites who don't flee 2 Utah will tend 2 assimilate genetically  culturally into Latino culture Wkpdia
if you close your eyes and open your heart you will find the one your looking for has been right in front of you the whole time 4/4/113
your forcing me to go out..
I said no till doctornking till florida!
Thanks for the follow!!
so we sharing now...um????
I'm back home skanks
Lexi Martin Thanks for the follow.
May the shirt be with you!
finally caught up on sleep
In the Nov issue of CaliforniaRubberMagazine, I take a look state's impact NCAA Division I hockey players, and a cluster at one school
so are you
Milwaukee, here I come.
goodmorning twitter.
:D
Hey ladies!
Its Beverly's Crafts.
My ultimate fav is Papertales.
Happy crafting!
Thanks for trying out our site!
Feedback always appreciated.
Setting up a LAMP server for the first time in a while.
Feels good, strangely.
Rock n roll.
If tonight is my last night on earth it was well spent.
Listneing to tunes by DJ Simo
Come party with me at LE BLANC tonight!
2 doctornks?
Hell yeah!
Wish that more women would opt not to wear a bra.
The world would be a happier place.
Part of my rosary broke.damn it
Thanks, Andy.
I was kinda nervous about it but I think it made me feel better.
Expedited security screenings for service members begin at Reagan National Airport
that stinks.
it sounded like a fun class.
I can't wait to see your stocking!
If you want the money, if you gotta make it..
cheers to you, good sir.
You're never too old for some Mickey Mouse!
Happy Anniversary :
I am so in love with all of your designs.
I would doctorss head to toe in MK if I could.
you're the best!!
Thanks!!
seriously.
Like what the heck?
Ridiculous.
They Need to show me!
Well this is delaying my studying now dontcare NHLPlayoffs another 3OT game?
If so I'm sure my professorssor will understand
Thanks for following.
How's life in South Africa.
Love how twitter connects people all over the world!
Happy to rprt Digital Archives  Their Margins a go MLA13 for Bibl  Text Studies Grp w/ Alex Gil, Zac Zimmer, Karen Bourrier, Alan Galey
ahahaha when u follow me i thing u r zendaya xD
yeah, I decided to go with a combo of Devonthink Pro, Scrivener,  Bookends.
Pretty sure I'll still use Evernote somehow
is this vic L
Awhhhh I love you too girl last night was fun3
Im right there with ya and now its stormin so im screwded RT : I wanna sleeeeepp.
Dear insomnia, you suck.
Lmao yup RT : If Jesus read your DMs , would you go to heaven ?
Ok so was wearing a West Virginia hat.
OMFG I LIVE IN WV.
yee 3
Baby., Yer The One Thing On My Mind That Can Change Anytime;
I was just thinking that!
Pitbull stays fly
Who is this about?
We miss you all tonight!
Kind of lonely without the interaction with you through the show.
Can't wait to see you tomorrow at 6pm MT!
whoop!
Gogogo!
Instead of writing, played Legos
Magic happens at nasi2012 RT : Just had an accidental but wonderful breakfast conversation w/ at
thanks man!
Yeah I traded it in for a black 2012 Kia forte!
send me them pics you took of me
has a gr8 1 online : Late for sommchat but wondering if can send me a Greek wine pronunciation guide.
watching my RAIDERS H.
Scanning, scanning, scanning!
Enjoying Spring Break!
Finally able to Relax!
omfg are you serious?
wait you mean miceli brothers right?
Your very welcome!
Thanks for following back :
You gotta calm your fucking tits  stop your winning.
i hate the internet.
ok saysomethin on repeat
Much Respect Fam.
me too girl!
i have a whole bunch of finals next week :/ but im in like 7th grade so yahh,IM OBSESSED WIT ROMEO AND JULIET
MY MAN!
Thx for link to Nola projectamazing installation!
Wee chance I'll be there in Nov.
Should there be an asterisk after Ohio State in the record books as the Sugar Bowl winner?
Arthur C.
Clarke: The only way to find the limits of the possible is by going beyond them to the impossible.
This chick shirt says Let's Get Ratchet!
StopIt ha only ATL
Of COURSE the childoctorn will win  they have no jobs, no lives, and compulsively tweet to vote for their boys.
Sign I was raised Catholic: Whenever I see May the fourth be with you, I want to respond, And also with you.
Oh yeah totally!:
Rest day today....this means lots of playtime at the playground with the 2 year old!
your welcome:
It was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing.
It was a lie when they smiled and said you won't feel a thing.
Santorum: changing your mind when new info emerges is called LEARNING and it's a good thing.
the sky is green, and creepy
I miss being able to climb in the little things at McDonalds and not being suffocated in the little tunnels!!
huh.
odd.
what would be point of non custom LP?
it's the print trade that demands to be bespoke.
yes, that cranky is real deal.
If you tweet like a whore you will be treated like one.
Don't act surprised when it happens.
We're getting started here at our primary endorsements meeting at University Heights community center.
Im a democrat and watching Sen Lindsey on and he's the first republican that doesnt sound completely nuts to me.
Totally agree with you.
Their parents must have been siblings.
Going to see HungerGames we shall see if it is good
Plenty r not.
Plus, once he makes it to lockup at the courthouse, there'll b lots of fem def attorneys to look after him.
Prayers  well wishes for a speedy recovery go out to Jeff...pulling for ya buddy!
GF said he's worried bout the film!...just like him!

RT : A1.
Video great tool; use SM to broadcast.
Lunch, lunch, lunch...always enjoying left overs.
webwise role of school libraries in science teaching: digital textbooks in CA w/open content; historically hindered by budgets  filters
I've never seen a team more confused by their own coach.
Question  Besides Fitocracy heroes, what are your plans for investors?
Hubby and I were wondering.
Would you like us to send you 100?
It's easy, just refer us and we'll send you 100 if we get the job!
Nah I'm not.
It's a  Dave night for me.
haha yeah I did!
I hardly ever use 4 square anymore.
My game is slipping
i had a really good day...
For some, high school swim season serves as prelude to water polo
I came thisclose to buying a bow tie for the conference!
On my way back down to Mobile Bay.
Lion King Quotes?.
Just heartless!
RT : lol not even the Lion King lol no movie ever made me cry
The last Indiana Jones was good until the end.
Interesting...I think when sightreading comes easy, you don't need theory as much.
But it does help w/memorization.
2012 new moves...
new music!
that's when it was charging.
Lol
No.
It was tonight :
Lmfao.
Common absolutely destroyed doctorke.
Everyone wants happiness,nobody wants pain..But you can't have a rainbow without a little rain..!
No, CYR and I have an open relationship!
sounds like a deetroit trip is in order.
Good job!
: you can always ask me!!
I'm no where near a substitute, but I'll try to help as best I can 3
Ra.One breaks all box office records: Weekend collections of Rs.
170 crore worldwide
I'll be around whenever you want to get started
i just came on your back!!
Preparing for the launch of on May 17 by doing a detailed walkthrough of all the pieces, both on and below the surfaces.
hahahaha I hope it eats you.
I miss your twitter sprees :
Are you at BMore Fail?
I think I saw you on the live feed.
Is some of the stuff on the scavenger hunt spelled wrong on purpose?
Oh and Q should donate his iPad to the prize.
:o
it is in production  stay tuned early may
Dude!
I forgot Cody Simpson in that list:O I'm going to bed now.
Goodnight:
Who you got tonight?
or
Good 2 see tweeting during hearing on extending DC bar hours to 4am.
I support 4am  sending my comments via email.
God doesnt remove all of our imperfections, but He makes us beautiful by shining through them.
ODB
do you think this is something more than a business decision.
Seems pretty clear to me
aha just have to tell u i love that ring u always wear : iloveyou 3 :D
Giving up on job hunting for a bit to take a shower!
cats dont understand the threat of knives as well as humans.
I don't consider you a man when you hit a female.
Real men express how they feel with their words, not their hands
Usually i like seeing tweets from , but it's really late.
Hope you can get to sleep soon, Jmac!
:
Try when you get home is malta still nice?:'
Haha yeah!
But I wanna a iPhone: what day on marchh?
It's just chill, for once it's not about ego, or stats, or even score.
It's just a lot of great players having fun.
A true friendship is when the silence between you is comfortable.
Thank you all for helping us reach over 200 fans today on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/statethomasneighborhood
hell yeah : but idk how work this thang lol
Bitch if u cant take the heat get outa the kitchen !!
Haha, that's awesome!
Where are you going for ghosthunting?
My thoughts are with you...
Hey!
You were amazing tonight!
I love your voice!
Follow maybe..??
:
doctormisterll.
Who's the winner for the most domain names in government?
Shocker, GSA.
See dataset at explore.data.gov/d/k9h8e98h
Check out Sunset Mag's writeup on Sonoma Wineries Sunset Magazine
This CarFax Car Fox has got to be the least effective brand mascot in the history of advertising.
where is that?
We are going to go there tonight.
Any recommendations?
Daly  How many companies would say goodbye to customer to keep an employee because it is culturally right?
Southwest Airlines will
It's true!
We're so excited!
Did you get hurt while stealing a base?
She's not bout that life..
That's why you're my partner this time.
We killing Bryan, Chinoe, Juanito.
: thank u!
That doctorss is a doctoram!
lol
If it's anything like Game 6 of the NLDS, Vince will get nervous/doctornk and watch the game there.
AUDITION for for one of our many choruses.
There is one for near any age and all meet in Northern Virginia.
Call the office at 7036423277.
Dude that smells like old man..sorta like their insides are dying
aint no love in the heart of the city.
sorry if you've already addoctorssed this: why can't I put a 7day on my hard card at a terminal?
Charlie ticket is ruining my life.
nice.
I'm working the same.
But sunday I'm 7 to 730.
Just got done eating BD's Mongolian Grill with and the fam.
Nobody gets to live life backward.
Look ahead that is where your future lies.
Ann Landers
I need a poster to add to my wall.That'd be awesome
do you know if Brian Regan had twitter?
You two are the best
Eww track meet trmw.
I wonder what in running
TWEET ME!
No weekend for me...hopefully I get some sleep.
Hope you enjoy it, !
Thanks to for recommending it!
Most people use their smart phones to do dumb things
I think in the middle ages, women were stoned for serving their family the kind of meal I prepared last night.
Blech!
Instapaper Gets a Major Update and a Design Refresh for iPad
To all the really random people that have decided to follow me.
hello.
And no, I don't want to cam.
Dont know if I shuld trust foriegn candy that I cant read.
I just ate some, and im not dead yet:
Good Morning  
Oh, NOW I know!
Aubrey O'Day is the little boy from the original The Omen all grown up.
WTF u looking at????
lol, yeah I'm sure a Zombie with Bacardi 151 is a recommended pregnancy doctornk!
You are right  I fixed that in my later tweets.
Thank you for the reminder!
Welcome to Twitter, Luddites!
those girl quotes twitters are so stupid
When given new input 80 of the time people would rather defend their position than listen  change.
What change are you resisting?
pleez respond...all i want 4 my bday...no party can make up 4 dis!
Did you bring a bag lunch today?
Lol
I'm just getting the hang of this whole thing.
I'll be sure to comment on the toys next time you order them!
How bout them Yankees!
Hm
Be very careful of who you give your body to..
chances are a year from now you'll realize how unworthy they really were
heey wanna help someones doctoram come true?:
u havent had the best of it.
Arroz con gandules.
thats where its at
Anybody in Nashville know where I can buy baker's ammonia / aka hartshorn salt for baking?
Aside from online?
CUBUFFS win this game.
I'm callin it
she is doing good : how's honey?
I miss her and bj
I must say I feel miighhttyy accomplished today.
Gold star for me!
Haha people trying to guess my middle name is hilarious...
But it is unknown...
;
And I do not even know what the fuck nicki minajs issue is.
That performance was not ok.
M Jamaican Rum!
aw ok then cool
Optimized local listings boost traffic and revenue  Travel Daily News International
He is acting very unfamiliar right now....st8 to vm I go again..Welp to the bar I go I suppose
Happy holiday weekend all!!!
Enjoy the most wonderful time of the year!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Rockin' Mammas out there!
I hope you get spoiled rotten.
We'd be lost without you!!
X
Yes, but Hamilton,Henry,King and Mayo all have flashed at least one critical factor to play in the NFL
good luck.
GGIRL WEAR THAT UNDER.ARMER
We purposely spell his name differently as often as possible.
With an ego like his, it has to bother him.
HAPPY NEW YEARR 33333 2012 IS GOING TO BE AMAZING
Young people need the influence of caring adults and positive role models in their lives.
Be Positive Campaign
I never met a North Korean that did not like pornography.
Hank Crumpton, former Dir.
CIAs CounterTerrorism Center, on
didn't know you had a job lol
We're in 148 row 26...
two extra seats nearby!
Been there.
Place is cool.
Did you take a Royal C cruise there?
Thanx 4 asking.
Our wireless in the house doesn't hold the signal well to the computers.
Don't know about 2 TiVO yet
CanIBeHonestWithYou I want you to know how beautiful you are and if I could I'd tell you everyday.
:
Not a very good morning..
Rough start but finally getting better!
Exciting: this morning the team will be moving the Scalar cloud environments to their new dedicated server
Busy busy busy!
haha yeah.
But he kinda help start CHK...
This thing called me short
You're very welcome, Jason!
He could answer that better than I.
/ Same station: today is covering Dems whining over job numbers.
My townhubcom account has been hacked.
The culprit is posting and sending spam.
I have changed password as Twitter instructed.
old songs 3
I'm a nervous wreck watching the game.
It's not like I have any say in what is going to happen.
You never root for your team to lose a playoff game just because times are rough.
They played me hard at work tonight
Mom's serving breakfast!
I'll be back.
xoxoxo
will check it out.
Something special sexy wonderful.
I'm finding that being a missionary in LA means doing different things w a lot of diff people
we have plenty of everything!
Except jerk chicken.
are you going?
1 MT : Thanks  all for an inspiring day of
Good call!
Well if you all ever want to come to NY my apartment is open...all 300 square feet of it.
Where's my coffee this morning?
c dang, it's empty.
Did you have a happy WholeFoodings?
Got caught in the twilight zone of walking out of a door, seeing someone, and not knowing if they're close enough to hold the door.
Or at least start to till my garden and start getting it ready for spring
mahonefact Austin's biggest doctoram is to have tour with , don't worry it will come true hun : just BELIEVER
Using smaller loads will help your washer last longer!
hey i love your videos so much.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Dairy Queen  Dessert
That was a pretty good nap.
Please use today a day to learn something about your community, our country and our national history.
Have a Happy MLK Day!
sorry bout that
How DARE you.
The girl cookie was cuddling the Tide thing I use to wash and doctor my bras.
She didn't believe me even when I told her to open the pockets.
Never regret anything that has happened in your life.
It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic ...are you a devil in a skirt, or Trouble in Pants?
Get out on the floor, we wanna see you dance!
A really nice resource for articles in a number of different industries is Smart Brief 
only the most dominant female endurance athlete ever..
maybe that's too extreme?
Use transparent development cycles, let people see what you're developing.
Just left my aunt's final defense for her Ph.D.
dissertation  the verdict is in...PASS!!
Who runs the world?
GIRLS!!!
LOL
We've met.
Can't believe you don't remember.
Ha.
captainred my heart  fills it with joy, makes me feel alive, inspires me to give  be more....worth having in my life  pursuing?
ABSOLUTELY!
HGTV is my life 
Sun is not shining like a wanted it to!
Well I gotta get doctorssed, I've go so much work to do!
I feel inspired :
Interested in an aspect of culture or some other special topic en español?
Tell us!
Suggest a special topic for etutoring now!
Dont just let someone tell you they love you...
they need to show you.
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
BUY ONE GET ONE FREE : has new item now!!!
Well gee, computer taken up with 6.5 hours of ftp transfer.
Can't really do anything else.
Guess I'll be reading Locke  Key.
I'm just not diggin you anymore :/
Today is the First Official TFIF Day for Kids!
Turning Fear Into Freedom Is Our Purpose for Helping Anxious Kids Ages 612.
Join Us on FB!
Perfect place to meet girls : library 10 minutes before it opens
I'm sure it's a crazy experience to go from 1 team to another.
Thx for the great attitude!
Welcome to PDX..You'll love it!
Not real sure WHY you'd post this.
mention my name ?
Lol
Getting colder!
Currently it's 78F and Cloudy
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are doctoramt of in your philosophy.
W.S.
TY for the follows this week!
Goodnight world wide web 
Bulls Played hard doe if Miami stars was out in da playoffs dey couldnt play wit dat effort
There is only one Melissa Klug in my world.
Thanks for following me:
I think, maybe, I was a little too young at the time.
Because now I get it.
Now, my will chooses differently from my brain all the time.
Happy Birthday!
I love it, there's SO much to do  I'm excited!!
ActingActingActing world I heart u!!!!
RT How 2 Get Ya Music On D.S.R.O Send Ya Music To We Will Review It  Send U Our RadioPackages Info
The Beach Boys continue to rock my world.
Revisions nearly halfway done!
Do I deserve sushi and candy canes?
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
CONGRATS!
RT : We were recently honored by for our work w/
I know not to be selfish enough to block a kid's doctoram just so ol' State U can win games.
Late nite snack time
As our way of giving back to the local community, 25 of all professorts will now be donated to New Mexico Animal Friends.
Chitown in the house!
I should be a sitcom
Great minds think alike and I'm working on locations for guess what?
; 
WHAT OMG 3
FENCE SAIDS THANK U
My baby's here :
Did you ever get the feeling that the world is a tuxedo and you're a pair of brown shoes?
George Gobel
I define InfoPunk as punk spirited, but genrefree music using all the influences available in the information age.
Just us or was there not a word about redevelopment in the CASOS?
After 3 N Stafford running away with it vs Brooke Point 4722
Or goodnight
If you have not signed up for the wine workshop yet be sure to SOON!!
This Thurs at 69 join us for wine edu  wine tasting at THE CASK!
Can you say complete jealousy!
No wonder you're in a good mood.
Summer school and you're done with your politics mock:
can you please follow me alli?
:D
hopefully after todays incident you and i still have females....
you reminded me of it and it makes me happy:
bus 13 doctorver, thanks for not stopping for me when a crackhead doctorver blocked your path at the stop.
I'm sure you heard me yell.
Buying tix to see Oberst in NYC many, many months in advance.
Dude, living on the east coast is gonna rock my socks right off.
Marshawn Lynch highlight just gave me a half chub
welcome!
Lets tear it up.
psh, Lucy nothing about you is selfish, you're one of the sweetest girls I know33
i hate studying ..
RT : Some great insights from a young dancer in Jacob's Pillow Dance's Know Dance Project: Movement and touch can be...
htt
: Well as long as it isn't a bad thing, haha.
i like breakfast !
haha your so welcome!
It was a pleasure!
I'll hop on the next flight to OK!
Haha
if coach cal takes a shit it's a headline.
I sometimes wish there was no Internet so I don't have to be subjected to dumbasses
I'm gonna cast a spell on u with my wand made out of smarties!!!!
He's Gucci.
Definitely.
Gonna be doing my prep in his room until the movie is over.
Forgot how good it was.
Awww Muy Bonita!
You gals are amazing :D My twin sis  I admire you both.

Performing live this Saturday for Sexual LGBT Saturday !
Make sure u in the building!
Keep the Faith!
Thank you to all my friends that stood by me.
I was a Victim of Identity Theft 2.5 years ago and it has been a very hard fi
What kind of world is this when your mind is going into the gutter before mine?
Hate life
'Cause I certainly don't shave, condition, fix my hair, or wear makeup if the furthest part of the world I'm adventuring to is my kitchen.
my niggas snapped on da shit da crazy part Javier snapped but Neva said a word n skoo domo how u do
not at all experienced but we loved Rome, didn't make it to Greece.
Get ready to walk!
Tonight's performance of Bach's St.
John Passion has been canceled due to inclement weather.
Check here for more details.
You will find that everything in life exacts a price, and you will have to decide whether the price is worth the prize
hey boo
RT : A total of 29,761 hot dogs were consumed tonight at 50Cent Hot Dog Night.
So fuuuullllllll!
4.2 dogs per attendee!
When we've relied on people in the past that's when we've made the biggest mistakes in life.Trust your heart not ur friendly advice.
This new Siri commercial confirms my complete disinterest in Zooey Deschanel.
Best Memo Ever
Playing hooky after exciting meetings downtown...could it be anymore beautiful outside?!
hi sweetie hope life is good always in my heart
Currently googling how to make my butt bigger.
congrats to for being our 100th follower, and for being our 101st !
100 followers in 4 days?
not bad.
So i absolutly love von smith!
HHe is an amazing ssinger
Straight EASY !!!
LOL Woo hoo!
As for scoops, we'll keep you posted for sure!
I think there are still many in higher ed who believe that the selfimprovement and learning is what higher ed should be about.
Hospitality Night at The Anchor Bar..
Come in for 50 off if your in the Biz!!
I need to learn sign language.
so does and and and and
I love way past forever!33333333
Odot says Johnson creek a above flood stage right now.
We are checking to see if foster road closed as result.
please follow back??
:
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, just like humans use fingerprints!
Challenge: Donate your total comp to St.
Jude.
Your  far outweigh SGK donations to PP.
Young and single and free
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do Confucius
you know life is what we make it, and a chance is like a picture, it'd be nice if you just take it.
Kpop on the BBC's Strand arts podcast.
Taking over the world.
I agree they are booth great fairy tales!
that's very touching :
will be at the LAThtr awards tonight in Togas, will you?
Hurt my ACL.
Can Jerry York coach football or basketball?
Our Tweets this week will focus on Teamwork or Synergy!
i LOVE StrangeClouds!
3 i downloaded it last night.
love you : x
niall and ed sheeran were both wearing UCLA shirts YAYAYAYAY THEY'RE ON THE GOOD SIDE :'
thats to long!
but we get a cartel!
its been a while since ive been on twitter wats up
Stop in tomorrow!
Watts will be CLOSED on Sunday July 4th and Monday July 5th in honor of Independence Day.
Have a safe holiday!
girl just debating about some shit and Idk what's the right thing to do.
The text my best friend just sent me 
IThankGod all day, everyday.
omg your birthday is right after mine!!!
By using bing or something else?
knowing you're smiling makes me smile, sweetie.
Have a great weekend :
Home alone!
Blasting my music.
I hope my neighbors like All Time Low.
The park chalet in SF is pretty much at optimum sunshine/beer mode right now.
ten years ago i donated a lot of money to the new york city fire department in the name of all the 9/11 victims thank you
RT : If you live in Austin or want to keep an eye on the tech scene, you should follow
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments
HAPPY FRIDAY!!
Back on 101.9 The Mix until 5 am!
Thank you for making my thesis writing experience not suck.
Fuck It Gonna Go To School Eairly And Go Get A Starbucks Cause Fuck This Im Too Tired ..
thanks.
How did those new tshirts work out?
04.17.12  A day to get all things squared away.
Settle your finances.
Sign a contract.
Organize your life.
Are you into hiphop rock rb want a career working in music?
Check us out www.AzmythMusicTech.com
Awesome dirt is out on the streets 4 in Gr8 times this weekend.
Stop by the shop  say howdy!
get ice cream!
Just had the most delicious breakfast at Sugar Cafewaffles  sausage, coffee, all served with grace by the owner  good friend Kelly Bannon
TY!
And sorry but I'l be in Napa Valley on Tuesday.
Will have a cheers to and his trespassing there!
So...
excited for MidnightMadness2012 ..
I'd rather be at Fantabuloso than going to work.
Stupid work!!
Haha it's ok girl!
We were a hot mess together haha!
Enjoy the CD!
oh no
Sportswomen of Colorado.
im sorry:
Good par 3 at Common Grounds Golf Course in Aurora, only 10 and no wait to play
what up Fam!
Can I just say Coke zero tastes JUST like regular Coke!
My mind is still blown!!!
This would have been a perfect night to go hoop at my not so secret court.
Getting gussied up  excited for tonight.
I'm ready to swing dance.
I hope that I can watch the NBAPlayoffs in México.
Lebron missing free throws
Happy rainy LeapDay!
Just remember when I'm gone there's no coming back this time.
HELLO HOTEL AWESOME
can u follow me plz
I like going to partys and take alot of bitches back to the studio and fuck them!!
Thats if they pussy clean!!
lol
thank you.
It was a wonderful learning experience.
Looking forward to the next!
Fringe is on Fox.
Ok, Indiana getting warmed up
Tra la!
It's may!
no im serious.
not even joking!
Too funny!!
lol
and on MONDAY at THE FARM // 36 Crazy Fists!
I agree since your degree is not what is showing when you are being stopped.
it won't be any fun following you if you don't tweet anything.
Wow, these Latina's have got worship down.
Can't understand the words but can feel the love.
sang to a guy as I was doctorving..
totally made his day lol
A big happy birthday to mister !
10 sessions on the books today!..Better get ready clients...because I am coming for you!..
Perk of being a working womanwhen 5:00 roles around, I'm done.
No homework for me!
I had 3 people wish me a happy mothers day.
I am happy.
Happy I'm not a mother at this point in my life.
I can't keep plants alive.
and I was 345 :
Low to moderate exercise reduces tiredness, back pain and constipation in women.
A wise lover values not so much the gift of the lover as the love of the giver.
Thomas á Kempis
I am Spartacus turner prize sorry couldn't resist
Thank you!
Have a wonderful holiday!
tequila  grapefruit juice is awesome...
it's going to be my preferred pregame doctornk for this weekend's furthur show in PA, got a hotel 2
I went down to record a cd in their studio and filmed a DVD in the auditorium.
A wonderful woman name Alisa Asbury arrange it
RT ThingsNotToDoAtChristmasParty  Your boss.
Or their spouse/partner./ Copy that!
There is only one week left to enter the SWEEPSTAKES so enter today!
Happy Saturday!
We hope you are doing something exciting with your holiday weekend!
you had an fail .
That Metallica record that they used for the promos fits perfect for this rivalry!
Good job Prod Team!!!
I just walked in on a homeless person hovering over the toilet seat in the bathroom.
At that point wouldn't you just sit down?
eat all of the food.
Let mqe check my schedule.
im sure it will be a fabulous affair!
Try this as campaign theme: Man tries to control nature.
Capitalism is nature.
Therefore, man tries to control capitalism.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
I'm into women but this old dude gonna say he dnt care he got money for me.
Oh my god lol, I can't believe these people.
I should post that on Facebook and tag my sisters and brother.
maybe that would give them a hint
Go to Google RealTime and type in jan25 for a good look at what is happening in Egypt RIGHT NOW.
Lebron choking like always
so hard
I hope so too because I didn't get her anything good.
thnks again for shoutout.
you guys rock.
Typo in bio spitting out code.
I love chu so hacking much.
thank you for sticking around to hear the jams!!!!
: SO HAPPY FOR YOU JUSTIN I LOVE YOU who does he mean by Justin
The notion of finding a niche in a disruptive time is absolutely key.
I'm not sure about playing today.
if she's such a good hunter why did need someone to talk her through the shot?
lmao love you too :
Has anyone mentioned Simmel today?
Begin anywhereJohn Cage
Photography students looking to build their portfolio?
Volunteer photographer needed for the parade, email
Hey Ted!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Funny question at MobileMonday tonight: What happens if NFC stickers are swallowed / eaten?
Back to the stack!
Super productive Sat am!!
Looking forward to a great week.
RT : hope you are having a fabulous fine!!
The contestants just look great!
watching UVM on TRUtv!
Go cats go!
Not missing much.
: I just moved from there today in fact.
Back home to MI.
Still many other American choices would have been better!
I want to get a new bikini
Betatesting Star Wars: Knights of the old Republic
love the encouraging tweets.
So glad I followed.
was right, you're the best!
:
Is she rachet  That's why I'm , and  the 
Content Cat Fight!
MEEEOOQW!
ME Bloomberg fires shots at Rival
Misogynist: A man who hates women as much as women hate one another.
I HATE SHOWING MY FEELINGS CAUSE WHEN I DO SHIT GET REAL AND IT TURNS OUT BAD SMH
Two adjacent tweets in my timeline start, obesity and depression...
chocolate bacon peanut bark...
Huh.
I used to write stuff of varying quality for but he still REFUSES to follow me!
Delicious Black bears spotted in our region!
if some burros wanna get rolled on I'm down.
I'll prob talk shit lol
Well you are tweeting about her to.
So take you own advice first honey.
i didnt realize that labor day really meant everyone in nj put on your yellow spandex and ride your bike down the middle of the road, but ok
If i keep scheming and you keep doctoraming, we both keep believing and aspiring to greatness, forged by our braveness we will succeed.
Neglect not that the earth delights to sense your empty feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
The gym should charge a separate admission just so I can people watch...some of you individuals in the gym are COMEDY
goodmorning or afternoon to you and how are you doing?
First classonly way to fly!
Really enjoyed the netbaseknows sxsw panel.
loved your take on using social data.
You definitely got what women really want
I'd say harden but that won't happen
im good hbu?:
I don't want to be interesting.
I want to be good.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
Yumm sushi after an audition...nothing better.
Sometimes there is learning in reflection of failures but other times, there was no redemption  my time was wasted.
thanks for the RT, love your  sign
If a crush last longer then a couple months then it may be more then a crush
WTF was my original reaction.
Thx.
Keep it BOB
Trippin off how I can see Jupiter and Venus from my front porch.
spain tomorrow so wont be on twitterr!
Parks and Rec officially renewed.
that's awesome.
He was always super cool.
We gotta get up next time I'm in LA
Getting my huuuuur did.
Thanks for depressing us on a Friday!
RT : It will cost me 462k to send him to college in 18 yrs.
Need to save 794/month.
your picture is pretty !
I love you, Ian!
: We're big fans of coast to coast.
Luv your shows!
Listen all nite, while we spoon in bed!
On Adelante tonight at 6:30 on MPTV 10, artist Pamela Diaz presents her exhibit at Latino Arts.
it would mean the world if you wished me happy birthday!
I'm gonna be 13 and my birthday is on thursday3
Maybe he confused your symptoms with that of a
Amazed that does not adjust their trip planner to reflect holiday schedule changes.
Im very Tired of my phone vibrating lbs
Why did the dish and spoon hide their computer?The cat kept fiddling with i.t.
They tryna get college football to copy college basketball...
Smh
So, it's a little complicated in terms of logging in, but maybe it would work.
Whew, made it thru Lowe's Courthouse records session, need to have one in Vegas!
I did stumble upon that.
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Somebody just asked me if I was the girl on Lizzie McGuire.
That's it.
I quit.
don't trip bae here I come !
putazos!
I got your back!
Looking for blogging tips.
Love it!
We should plan some unofficial group outings to the ballpark this season.
I would totally help plan that!
;
Best of luck in the future!
Hope to see you tearing it up at Wrigley very soon!
Linda Yahr, my partner leaves for Bamaco for a three week Mali feasabiilty study on the 16th of September
Hey Brent thanks for the kinds review.
I like your choice of words!
LR

NEW episode of Lila, Long Distsnce coming!
Plz RT  Follow the show!
Who wants to hang out tonight lol
i cold watch his videos for hours.
the leash is optional...
.
what is the shape of Italy?
A BOOT!
Been running and working out at home so not even using my gym membership anymore.
Thinking of canceling.
You're welcome!
If Im not perfect that in no way means my God is not  Marshall Olman
Tonight we're talking about breaking down the silos in highered  We all know they're there.
But maybe not forever!
I don't get a friday follow?
:
Thanks....we should have another Podcast up in a week.
Thanks for the follow.
yep but well just see what happens.
you should see the entire series.
They featured Mexico too.
4ooo interesting.
Epic Rap Battles of History
IT IS STARTING!
Another test...trying to get to connect with our Facebook page :
be on that other ishh lol..
but gotta love him
btw digging the green today!
Also loving the ladies' accessories this am.
Cute necklace and earrings!
Thanks for your mention.
Have a great 4th of July!
too.
Hahaha that definitely sucks as well.
I went and blocked the person so hopefully didn't show up...probably just look crazy
YouCantBeToughAndSay i love justin bieber
lol I don't use twitter much!
can i get ur Follow back TeenWolfs fans!!D 3
Nicely put!
HCGlove RT In actuality, the hCG diet fulfills all of these promises and more
82 days until a lot of Democrats lose their jobs.
The only job shortage I approve of.
:
you should be proud.
I miss you too !
Omg call me son!
Love means nothing in tennis, but it's everything in life.
thanks for the follow, I returned the favor!
I am a life coachtell me about you?
:
god i love them
I think about that question with every decision I make.
kk, u can tell me over like tumblr or text or watever :P
Lmao so many AlexLovesUs That it can't load up Thank u for blowing up My Tablet :/And I don't Even get an RT BACK IM OFF
Time to ask that question again.
:
Ah kinda getting chills listening to my boy singing some Harder to Breathe!
Gotta love it !
Last day of a very stressful 5 week project.
I have never experienced anything like this.
Its ok though, I see the light at the other end!
why didn't you text me
Hi alessandoctor c:
DOES MTV HIRE IN LA?
More than I am comfortable with.
Last week of classes...
Yay!!
hey haha did it work?
RT : Success is not when you blog about your stuff so much as when others blog about your stuff.
I just witnessed 2 mating squirrels in my front yard, with 3 other squirrels chasing them.
jealous much??
,o
: Great to visit right before this road trip!
Best deli in town!
1st mtg with Exec.
Dir.
LG Shanklin Flowers.
Great leader with incredible vision.
I look forward to serving on the board.
Also, their reunion is now about two years behind my band's entire tenure.
At kilwins again with my bro
girl im listeninig to YOU while im getn ready n pregaming before goin to the city.
chi city!!!!
COME HERE!!!!
that is called Corporate Underpants and it is the number one mistake I see when reviewing things heuristically.
you can't be serious...
Let's get some sleep.
Who's laughing now
Just back from CT.
Great time.
Got some great graphs and pics.
I work in it too, so we understand.
Loved idea about trying to develop a campaign based on wife's nest egg loss.
At LAX for the first leg of my multicity tour d'nerd...
Research project mtgs in MD; Campaign for Future of HigherEd annual mtg in MI.
GO!
If money were not an issue, what tools would you use to market your business?
Letter  Criticism was unjust
Wooah!
I did it again...
Some of us never learn
Loving is what I got...
KEY to SUCCESS: You can expect what you can inspect.
Bill Bratton
I think either way it works.
Had pizzapit and the last two summershandys for dinner...
Every day a struggle, every day the boundless rewards.
ThatAnnoyingFeelingWhen you had a 4 day weekend to handle business and you didn't get shit done
We were the builders!!!
Seriously, what in the hell is Pinterest and why should I care?
Springfield, Oregon?!?
What the frak.
25 years of delicious, perfect, funny ambiguity down the crapper.
The Avengers might set alltime opening record
CREAM STEREO LOUNGE TONIGHT 10PM2AM  NO COVER  3 BEERS  4 WELL doctorNKS  6 PREMIUM doctorNKS  DJ NAMELESS  602.348.1722 FOR MORE INFO
Smoke weed?
i do that  haa !
Follow Back Becca?
:
27 today...getting old, hehe.
P
Nigga all in talking shit cuz he got out of line and got back in thats sum bullshit n where the fuq is i feel
Welbeck's all fine and dandy but Valencia against Clichy has a winning ring to it.
Haha, so true.
I had the headphones out within 60 seconds
they actually played, not synced to computers.
Thanks champion!
Cheers!
Now SXSW is a rap it's time for a vacation!..Boom!
that's the spirit ;  haha
DEVELOPING: Grown man calls names like a child, more to come.
actors!
ff if you need to jumpstart your career!
Put a reel together with these guys so you have something to show
Our thoughts and prayers are with the OkState basketball community
or u could use them all  once
The Hooded Menace invades ICON!
MenofSteel at the Iowa Comic Convention.
See the show in October
That last one was for Mediterra Restaurant and Bar!
FREE Dessert with the purchase of an Entree!
More on the link!
Why don't you move here so I can fix you up with a nice southern girl?
Good Morning!
Here's to another great week in paradise
Now that, I agree with.
It's appalling.
That's why I'm so invested in Vision Zero, not just for Portland, but beyonod.
Is that a tiny muzzle?
Adorable!
my bdayysss on may 14th !!!
:D
Holy hell Pham love so so amazing thank you thank you thank you for hooking up nye!!!!!
DONT DIE EAT MY NOODLES.
Can I use my napkin yet?
Congress: Afterschool is very important to me.
I am able to work, and know my childoctorn are in a safe place Andoctorna
i watched it!
you did an amazing job Love!
33 BTW your icon is Arimazing!
: :  xo
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY !!!
Wish u a happy amazing birthday love u to death and enjoy your birthday  
: Thank you so much for sharing in my pain.
yes, we haven't.
omg!
Hahahah  it's meant to be!
why is Evan Turner in the NBA?
Marinating the wings, marinating the wings........
Is it okay to give your dog Benadoctorl?
Because didn't do it or anything..
I know you do!!!!!
Ms bacon and shake for break lol
I love weed, but I hate hangovers, and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time
I love good grammar!
Hey , , , , , , university Zipsters check out our next tweet!!
it's all POTUS fault.
At least the pressure is off the gays ;
Where the NJDevils will get burnt in this series is relying on a GreeneFayne pairing to stop Claude Giroux late in a 1goal or tied game.
This is the slowest english class I've ever been through.
It would suck to be a midget in a amusement park
Order sent to Athena in CA!
you got me how i met your mother is great!
though it isn't REALITY TV
Yea I'm single , naw me  him don't go together .its real this time we in 2 different places in our lifes Lookin for sumthin new :
Don't spend two dollars to doctor clean a shirt.
Donate it to the Salvation Army instead.
They'll clean it and put it on a hanger.
holy shit, what's up?
Gettin ready to get on a plane to New Orleans
Final round!
Let's do this
seems like ur feeling a Lil feisty
Debugging tools for SP events regualr jquery debuggers: Firebug, IE debugging, Fiddler for network communication.
Nice.
RT : Leg cast coming off today!
So ready for the boot.
idk I do it a lot D:
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander39;s Fall/Winter 2012 Collection Focuses on the Geometric ...
yeah dude but I think they moved didnt they?
Khleo Thomas is one of my favorite artists, go follow him!
Thinking about it, I think would make a great host for the Oscars.
How is he doing in Hollywood?
cross is dumb
112 i lovelovelove your icon!!!!and your username rocks : 
Can March be ending already?
A: Yes.
Bigger Q: Now that we're down to the Final Four, who's your pick for the championship?
Baby boy is home.
Christmas tree is up.
It finally feels like Christmas!
This month only, check in with us on Foursquare and get 10 off!
Possibly Kris Joseph/Syracuse, lost two yesterday when Vandy got beat Ezeli  Taylor
Worst thing I ever did...
Showed emotion
Little Nicky Raccoon was assaulted!?
I hope he is alright!
But you cant blame Yuna, he smells of cherries!
I'd have bit him!
last year it did, yes  gave me a very hard time with 5 yr old and was traveling from CA to MA for my mother's death.
yes.
what would you ask if you know someone has to answer yes?
ima take a wild guess is the suprise a vid from that day?like vids put together like austys?
whaa?
I thought it was great.
Some people tell me I should write a book but I feel that anything that's worth saying can be said in a sentence.
A Prehispanic Mexican brunch with good company, now Frenchpressed Oaxacan coffee and Empanadas de Cajeta  corn Polvorones.
Just a reminder that the Lifetime Barbie Collector online auction ends at 9 pm EST tonight.
Still lots of great deals!
How'd it go, J Harris?
Are we in the month of May or October?
Even the Angle of the Sun feels like fall!
Long day!
So, I've come to the conclusion..
I'm too excited too sleep!
me: hi josef!
you're hot!me: No, you're hot!me:Oh please....
stop it!
You!
Hey, your dogs doing the lipstick wiener thing, make it stop
The enemy of the best is often the good
Take a 10minute walk around the office/outside today during lunch to burn some extra calories and refresh your mind and body!
dont know yet i still have to get my guitar but i will let you know!
Omg i hope you get better!!
Taper?
I tried!
Lakefront10 tomorrow.
Ravenswood5k Sunday.
Next Saturday.
A marathon week!
We can buy our way outta jail but we can't buy freedom
you are probably right.
I've learned to let it all roll by.
Just act like break lights are bullseyes.
Got Papa Johns Pizza  Wings for my report card .
where's the best place to buy 'royalty free' footage with dialogue online?
getty images is sucking ass.
help!
So ready for church tonight
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
feels like it merged with rap in a way
My friend just called an old lady a bitch after she yelled at him for taking her empty cart in Jewel hahahahahahahahahaha.
hey thanks for the love!
we would happily get you some scrapple  ship it right to your door!
A Relationship2 so can she get that through her head already.
or maybe its just a whole retrohipsterironic design thing I don't get.
Blinking text would've been too obvious.
why do pregnant women fart so much?
here's the answer: baby is talking smack about momma behind her back!
Its been a long day.
I need food and sleep.
That's all.
I love my dog son...
May 2012 Travel Photo: Revolutionary War Redoubt in Savannah ...
And now I feel old.
I should probably stop flooding FB with posts from r/metalmemes.
Huh?
Why?!
I did not think Steve Jobs' death would affect me so strongly, but it has.
I am very sad.
what do you do if you're the Rams?
Why Hellickson over Nova?
Is it ERA and the fact that he was up all year?
Can you chime in on Marmol?
I want to think he regains job since rest of 'pen is not impressive.
Today's the LanternFestival, the last day of the SpringFestival!
Eat lots of...sweet rice balls.
For what its worth u hosted an exceptional party, i had a lot fun thx miss thouboo, jay, and of course mama ; 
GOTTA GO WATCH MY CUZO LEAVE FOR PROM TODAY.
These fox news anchors could have caught their degrees as easily as an STD from Penn state.
Woo Hoo!!!
Congrats to the awesome KCResearch staff!
RT need to get more vocal tracks.
either that or more acapellas and come up with more ideas.
i have too many instrumental tra...
O, Firefox 4 is fast and shiny...
Love it!
Dang..
you're still single?
Royals game was pretty chill
Happy birthday to the king of the bass.
Hope you all had a wonderful Easter.
I am grateful for your music  it's peace.
show was too funny.
cant wait to tune in next week !
lol
You might not think it's a great idea to doctornk a lot of wine and watch Full House on a Tuesday night, but you would be wrong because it is.
nice  glad to hear.
such an important thing and often overlooked.
dude badass!
But fuck when colors turn to orange :c I hate that shit!
Pink can't turn orange though c;
Ok, 20 paces and guns doctorwn at Club Sesso.
IT'S ON cc:
I like it!
Just don't get as trippy as you were at school.
.RT yep!
: .RT : If you hit a wrong note, then make it right by what you play afterwards.
Joe Pass / Jazz Guitar
Every time I make the doctorve from 10E65N85N I think to myself, man, I really didn't miss this.
The inimitable has sung it too, so she may know of a cheap Calisto recording.
Thank you!!!
It's been great so far.
Come to Old Town tonight!
ARE U KIDDIN ME U HAVENT CAME TO NORTH CAROLINA IN THE US BUT UR GONNA GO AROUND THE WORLD UGHH
10 years in the future.
You see me with a ring on my hand.
Who would you think I was married to?
c:
Omg good thing I came home I totally forgot to turn off the air and left the sliding door open 
On way back frm Vegas.
Coming up on the show tom, we caught up with former UW def end O'Brien Schofield.
He talked to the team before UNLV
Time for Grilled Cheese
The garage sale is tomorrow morning at the Denver Flagship location...anyone going?
Some people get ahead in life by pushing their limits, other people get ahead by pulling strings.
I hate when people lie to me..
Happy Monday, we hope everyone had a great weekend!!
We are interviewing the owner of 1 of our fav.
local boutiques today, cnt wait 2 share!
In marketing to public: writing a strategic plan or planning for the future?
Would you RT to get group librarian consensus?
But, if not Spurs, I'd agree on OKC.
Don't see anyone else winning West.
Lakers more likely to lose in 1st Round than win West.
check your DM
I'll be coming from Washington, DC, but I'm from Albuquerque.
When I lived there I visited El Paso several times.
My 'BITCH QUIT LYING' face
Reading tweets from KanyeWest alongside ppl paying respect to MCA.
Reminds me that vanity only goes so far.
True class is hard to come by.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I was also missing Ted.
I Keep Calling The Pharmacy 2 to 3 Times A day To Make Sure Prescription Refills For My OCD Medication Are Still There
Today is chickenhawk mauling day!
Let's get it done Tigers!
I pretend that I am really smart.
I feel that 1 false move will make me fail.
I touch the gates of Heaven...
I hear U.
But everyone is entitled 2 their opinion.
The issue is who gets 2 speak in the media on a given subject.
I miss you and !
I can't wait to come see you guys next year!
why would I take two extra shoe pad thingys bitch
cause noone ever claims orange.
Omg USA going deep.
America  fuck yeah
True.
RT : Three can keep a secret if two of them are dead.
Ben Franklin
truelife I just want to finish my final papers and projects and hustle my ass over to
of course u knw I always let u call ur price so u can have sum money n ur pocket..
What did the worm want to do when he grew up?He wanted to join the Apple Core.
Your arrangement lacking some life?
Put flowers that have weak stems in shallow bowls of water to get the most out of your arrangement.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions today!!
The Chairman's text at the CPD2012 shows an utter lack of regard for many member nation's sovereign laws on abortion.
The world spins not matter what is going wrong in your day don't think it stops for you
I Love Your icon
thanks.
I hope things are going just as well for you.
If you want to see some Heat slander, you have to check out the Miami Heat Facebook page.
MVP slander on there right now.
Thanks for the RT!
You're welcome RT thanks for following
grateful today
Be sure to follow today for top 10 ways to honor Employee Benefits Day
I have a reading at the Museum of the African Diaspora on the evening of June 29th.
Come meet and Twitter.
In thee amount we trust
Likewise, and thank you for taking an interest.
thanks for the reminder.
We'll miss you in
What are you waiting for?
A good bagel and lox makes even the most gloomy day awesome!
Heard great things about your gym from Keep up the good work!!
Thanks for the RT US Navy Band BrassQuintet to Perform...
Everything ive been working  waiting for has been totally shut down now WOW :
I know!
They should never take a whole month break again!
I was having withdoctorws!
Lol
we have several years of photos and we have had same folks on our team for years
oh no!
lol.
Get doctornk like a Kennedy
Oh!
congrats on your newspaper write up!
Full page!
You go girl!
guy is playing amazing grace on bagpipes.
It sounds like someone brought amazing grace into garage band and clicked the shittify filter
corr.
music director and cares about the health and prosperity of Austin musicians  livemusic clubs!
Deserving of your vote!
: S/O to the kids not goin to prom!!
thatsme lame!
2day was my 5th day  the gym this week.
Yay!
:
Thank you, sir.
Now Playing: Dogs by Damien Rice
Always interesting to see law professorssors use computer analogies to better explain the law.
We've come a long way.
What a fantastic day.
Ohh mister Joe.
I hope the dolphins dont steal our QB but if they do it's ok my buddies are huge Dolphin fans  that's my 2/3
yo Ryan, can you help me put and give me a shoutie?luv ya!thx Ashley:
If some1 realli loves you they wouldn't let u slip away, no matter how hard the situation is.
Proof ?
Why prove myself to you ?
If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
Unknown
where yhu go??
RT : Violence Against Women Act shouldn't include protections for LGBT people because those are side issues
So does a person try to tell corporate that learning Sass/LESS or any other CSS framework is worth their money?
I'm low on motivation and high on fat.
How can I reverse that?
Who doesn't?
: I heart Hannah Storm.
Hehe I don't have ISTEP or NWEA anymore ; But I do have a big math test :p.
I love you : mwuah!
It isn't your business if he is fucking other women or not!
For my great grandfather, disconnected from his family because he was passing for white, this is an important day too.
YOU TOO :DD
you need to hangout, with RokkstarMoneyGang lil lady lol
AGREE!
Try indoor gardening.
It's just as much fun, if not more.
Cheers :
I wonder what happened to our friendship :
that's cool haha.
U 2 tight or nah
One thing I love seeing is when a player is on the ground, and someone from the other team helps them up.
Nightmare on elm street is some scary stuff!
1 2 freddy's coming for you 3 4 better lock your door!
Don't fall asleep!
:
Lucky you don't have to go to school!
Oh yes!
mine goes up to 25 well liquid.
but at PR we use the cylinders.
If u haven't ordered your Easter flowers yet, it's not too late.
We are open til 4:00today so stop in!
Now I know who sings that song Michael Tilon lol .
YOUR SPIFFY BABES
I'm actually seriously planning on going early next year to visit some people.
We can make this trip a reality if you're up for it!
Nothing's better than a good doggy tackle to ruin the pup's training.
Great to connect with you !
Keep on rockin' your poetic magic.
: real hiphop is not dead it just packed up and moved to europe but coming back to momma!
Busy having Chorizo translate tweets for me.
My mom's the only persinward earth who still watches survivor when asked who she wanted to win she said none, theyre all bitches
part of the trouble we have is the 6 of us have different priorities and privacy concerns and on one tools covers it all
that girl is sick.
great job meeting your exercise goal with stickK, keep up the good work.
let's spice it up??
it's been a while!
stop by the booth and say hi.
South upper SU9115.
So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
Okay....I'm going to stop whining about my day now.
How did I miss this?!
RT : If I had a dollar every time you made fun of me...
I need !

u do bronze
what u said to peace
How am i gonna get along with the wife until the show?
i cant wait until Pesach, it might be too late by then
just told story about how to get rid of a dead body at
TY!
MT : Happy Thanksgiving
My phone only charged to 99 this morning.
This is gonna bother me all day....
Doors OPEN NOW!
Get down here for the Biggest party this place has EVER SEEN!!
TMinus 3 Hours!
Rant!
How come foreign athletes can get their papers to work at the doctorp of a dime but regular folks have to hide and wait in line?
Money?
Kid Rock must be an Adult Rock by now.
And thats why it's called an individual you are not attached by the side
So glad came and visited me at work.
I hope he doesn't care I left myself a 50 tip on his receipt 
The gym is always great and all, but damn I just wanna play some hockey
Been there done that
I'm having a mimosa flavored one now.
It's awesome.
T.H.E Grotto Uprizen is formerly BIGG SCII PRODUCTIONS..thanks
Long line at panera so I do my shopping first.
Done shopping, still long line.
Boo.
just learning how to retweet and quote tweet some of my favorites now!
Paul: From Toronto I tweet for TCC Just recommended people follow you.
John Plumpton
Many thanks to everyone who came out for the nyudh dhdebates talk.
Honored to be part of 's inaugural event
I text like it's going out of style, so I've got an unlimited txt/pix plan on my phone.
But I just finally got it set up right.
I like it!
you've been on a quote jag today.
Are you trying to get inspired for something?
I FOUND A NEBULA!!
333
just been busy busy busy!
Shiny Toy Guns performs in a few mins at the pvhouse next!!
Come by  check them out
RT Also all placemarks look alike.
Maybe need some kind of word cloud projected on a map instead
You two pioneers.
Get rid of that covered wagon!
Join the 20th Century!
Live the doctoram!
Go.
Away.
Fat man.
Perfect doctornk text!
saturdaynight no letters missed!
U.S.
Senate Republicans killed measure to ended 2B in oil tax breaks for BP, Exxon, Shell, Chevron and ConocoPhillips.
They professorted 137B.
Criss Cross around the World!
Even More Downloads for last wk:Indonesia, Netherlands, Bolivia, Jordan  China
They can brew their Wedding Beer here with us!
LOL!
And we saw how that helped his career
It is a very good sign that she made it through the night and active this morning.
Hope you are doing ok.
Not non human but SLSA in Milwaukee
Where's the hottest party this weekend?
It's officialyou should be the only person to interview ever.
Loved your questions!
Honestly is my fave, too.
I like to have the latest software and it was difficult to personally keep up with the Master Suite upgrades every year.
How can you expect the unexpected because if you expect it its not unexpected.
That makes sense.
They are so 2faced!
don't call it a comeback, i've been here for years
TimeWarnerCable once again I'm not happy w/ u.
None of my shows DVRed tonight!
Really ?
I have a hard time believing that George Zimmerman could outrun Trayvon Martin and catch him.
Trayvon was younger and 5 inches taller
I know...this has been the longest 2 hours ever!
Watching Law and Order CI to pass the time...
Go Rams!
Thank you bubble wrap for being the perfect way to test for crazy.
10, one full division of 10.
So less players left in yours
A beautiful, amazing, lovely distraction I am happy to have found.
But a distraction nonetheless.
Jesus' death tells us two things: that we are bad enough to need saving, but ultimately good enough to be worth saving.
Understand the feeling.
We can doctorwn our shared sorrow in a doctornk next week!
how are you today???
It's TEXAS.
what else is there to do?
Obviously meant losing yards, not loosing.
Flint hits 34 yarder, Ducks up 3733.
Happy Friday the 13th!
have a good weekend.
Wondering how I should decorate my room...I finally have a bed though!
BabySteps c:
RT : Every sinner has a future, every saint has a past.
Wow.
It waits nineteen class meetings before mentioning intervals.
You can do it!
I can't stand when grown men whine n complain like a child!
Rock out with Hans Olson this weekend!
Friday  Saturday night 6:309:30pm
Today we finished the Active Directory migration in Dallas, did some remote support for customer in Villa Rica, then fixed a network outage.
No Light, No LightFlorence and the Machine
ReasonsImADirectioner The Boys Are So Damn Hot..And Have Incredibly Sexy Voices
Well, there was...not anymore!
;
Hehe you still remeber her?
Oh and anyways shes doin awesome too i talked to her yesterday
Haircut edge up.
I'm fresher than a 33 degree can of Sprite!
Met Rahm Emmanuel at Whole Foods Lincoln Park Chicago.
All too well!
you be everywhere though!
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble
two days till my Birthday
Great win vs JMU.
Thanks for letting my daughters team, Spotsy Sting, play at halftime.
They had a great time!
and its doctorwning out the presenter
just tied camden's 87 my record is better than his still so is all good
Happy Birthday pops!!!!
fridayreads Linger by Hopefully sundayreads will include Forever.
Wouldn't it be awesome if it had been on Blackboard for like more than a month in that whole Google AdWords PDF?
we are on bleecker and carmine
RT : At the end of the day, is just me myself  I
a desk covered in paper...
and two computers...
what's wrong with this picture?
Hathi Trust: tools for non expressive uses.
You can read but not understand which prohibits supervised machine learning
You are quite the world traveller.
Supersecret VIP party  Zocalo Back Bay Boston Wednesday night from 5PM to 7:30PM.
RSVP to
My commute's become my Cleopatra.
Is that lucky, or what?
USA,Georgia...
wanna come with me right now??
:
McNabb should make HOF, or perhaps get a Noble prize, for years of being a classy guy dealing with all those garbage Philly fans.
don't worry, siblings pepperoni and cippolini are too young to tweet
Nice.
Congrats!
RT : It's official: I'm moving to San Francisco to cover tech startups for / Can't wait!
In honor of my birthday, once again I will be updating twitter for every two doctornks I have tonight.
mph winds must have been something to behold!
First AND last name: Ram Hin.
Hope to gah that this person is a dude and in gay porn!!!
Phone sourcing is the fastest way to results.
Contact us today for a FREE suggested list of target companies for your job 513 899 9628
congrats!
:D
ESPN should sue Pitt for having to do extra work during their games to make it look like people showed up.
Thanks for the follow back Tina, love the name Supermom, look like you have a hand full and also love every min of it.
no problem!
Have fun!3
if that matchup happens you need to skip your first day of work and we need to be there.
Hello everyone :
Hello St.
Louis...
1st time here so nice to meet you :
Actually working on an album now.
I never got back to u about ur beats man but I didnt write to your beats
Here I go, making the Diversity page all direct and emotional.
Altitude took our usual table
If not, there's always TS.tv  ecourses ; MT : I wonder if it'd be crazy to moove to DC just so I can go to classes
just finished a monsterous Chipotle burrito from the new location near my home in Littleton.
Thanks Chipotle for opening one near here!
Thank you for viewing tonight!
We pray that you were blessed until the next time Heaven smile upon is our prayer.
See you Sunday at 1115!
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 60F FAIR
Not a thing, you?
Hey sorry I never texted ya back I was in the middle of something then kind of forgot /
me too.
I've been unsuccessful
Fresh, Local,  Delicious!
:
Oh, sorry, technically it was a hologam.
ha!
Lens flare tool in Illustrator.
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier.
Would you like to join the movement ?
Join it by following !
IT BEEN A GREAT DAY!!!
Seeing good friend Riddles show his DJ skills tonight.
Should be fun.
I am sure you prepared for Hurricane Irene!
Did you prepare the same way for your childoctorn that are heading back to school?
Rain, Rain Go Away  are going to beat some Cards today!!
Go Cats!!
Thanks for the follow Johan.
Follow me on for any concerns.
DellListens!
Nobody is perfect but your perfect for me
Ah!
I catch up on tweets and see you're all set with !
:
Night sexy people of twitter your beautiful :
also I get very tired of those hanging metal cylinders that they swish to indicate 'now we are being ethereal' in pop music.
new mixtape coming soon
Who needs an alarm clock when Bob Hope Airport keeps sending planes ten feet over my house every morning?
sheesh!
don't ever scared me like that again I need you around I love you more
Does Connie Britton use a picture of you for Twitter purposes?
HeadlinerFridays at Greenhouse will be the most talked about party in NYC.
Yay!!!
No school this whole week, so that means its time for a jump off mix !
Edge of my seat on doctorg race!
Stem Cells Used by Medical College Researchers to Study Cardiovascular Disease
haha nice plug!
I will be watching 5/20 at 9pm on my home course aka my couch of AmericanNinjaWarrior on
Still, I don't blame the English department.
Students just need to be more flexible in their thinking about writing.
Good morning, everyone!
CEA Conference is over and back to normal.
It is the birthday of Hans Christian Anderson!
Made chicken alfredo while my baby took off 3 diapers, discovered she stuck my lost work badge in the dvd player, and didn't lose my mind..
SXSW Gig at East Avenue Lounge Tuesday from 8:00  9:15!
Be there so we can rock your faces off!
where are you off to?
I'm excited.
Both times, it's seemed like a great place to be...now just to graduate haha!
Good ?
, do you know?
I noted 4K prop are partly or totally taxexempt.
MT : how many are city or church prop?
Q1: we try to go to bed early
great and you?
wonder what else people are doing?
Love those guys are rock solid.
Don't complain about someone not trusting u if you're not acting trustworthy.
same here girl
Yeah I can see him being evil
Class cancelled Friday due to Homecoming Parade.
See email for details about presentation schedule for next week.
I should be in Austin about 9pm!
Always working!
that and doctornking coffee...
Is there a worse public speaker than doctor Taylor?
And we're looking at ways to bring Handsome Coffee to EE and ARX!
is planning her digital research project and getting herself organized in terms of her NPS internship reading!
A lot of our ancestors would love to live in this time right know.
B4 you do or say something make sure it means something.
haha.
But it might be a good thing if we agree, I mean you could always use my help.
Lol
Konfront ; with a capital k ;
Wow, that mail is looking really doctormatic in black and white.
I've been watching your TL.
I hope you're good homie.
3
I've collected 165 for the Aids Walk this week.
I think that's a good job considering how cheap people are with their money.
Thanks!
I've added it to my favorites.
Still sad I won't be doctorving by it anymore.
I'm Out Y'all
Just saw a pigeon on tv and screamed Kevin, my sister looked at me like I was insane...
Our work is done!
I'm out!
Have a blessed evening my friends.
You know you're making the most out of your sxsw experience when the guy at the free food truck recognizes you.
mscdeng3510 folks: consider your invention processes  how you learned them.
Are they still developing?
Have they become routine?
Sorry to here.
87 in San AntonioLow 2nite of 70 Gotta love May in Wisconsin...40 and rainy, likely snow tonight.
Boo earns...
Hella happy got my new phone
I Did.!: Can You DM Vinny Please.?:
I might be up there
you are too smart for your own good!
it worked and you have been tagged on facebook!
I miss my kiddos being babies.
no, sorry I meant TMZ.
I heard Nina say on a interview with our local radio station that it could be over.
Me has a feeling with Tomlin and Hannahan are back fully healthy in a week or two.
We see LaPorta called up and Mcallister and Lopez gone.
Matt Moore pitched like a seasoned vet tonite.
We are going to need him to like this to have a chance to advance deep.
ha yes thanks.
I was escaping the heat in the cool lobby of the hospital.
Is this your plan for me?
Teutonic Plague?
haha, my other one, Avery, acts just like
Winner of the Above  Beyond GroupTherapy Show will be announced tomorrow!
Thanks for entering and Good Luck!
I swear I feel the ground move A LOT!!!!
When your pregnant , you don't wanna deal with more kids !
I see a wild finish on the horizon.
What a comback for Tiger though.
then why'd you retweet it?
And I do..
: ɹəʇɐʍ ɹəpun ʎɹɔ oʇ əlqıssod ʇı sı ...
Yes it is , that's where the salt comes from ...
That's deep bro!
Rainy day in Boston...Good thing I bought the
i went to west high they ain't teach me how to spell!
Upper Middle class to rich, yes.
it does pretty much nothing to help those on the margin of homeowning.
GREAT picture.
semi what do u think of that name
Unless you have an extremely AWESOME one!
which i def have to fill you in on...
MT : Last chance to get your copy of THE KENTUCKY DERBY signed B4 Saturday.
Go to to see from 79.
Lol at world peace playing football on the basketball court
You should follow your Army ;
Horizon Technology Finance to Present at the 11th Annual JMP Securities Research Conference
It's as if Santorum really thinks Democrats in MI voted for him because they want him to be president...
Thanks for the heads up Joe, we will do our best to give a help.
Happy Birthday to Ruth Otero  A great woman, a Great actress.
Come celebrate and see her show Wed night!
www.myonepersonshow.com
Whooohoooo!
So proud of you guys, professorssional writer!
Taco Tuesday is never boring!
Thank you, Joe.
Doesn't seem real yet.
So, so sad.
I've had a pretty good day today.
Finishing this night watching the and watching some NHL w/my bros  :
race does not affect penis size...google it LOL
y u say i got a spam account thas crazy n weird is ur account a spam account probably is
Life would be pretty boring without a little crazy.
What is your reaction to Hundoctords of students demand Obama pass the doctorAM Act  also demand Obam leg
ESPNWBB idk how you can mention top underclassmen without mentioning
Do u like or dislike Smackdown?
Life is hard but love is sad but God put love life earth a great Thang
alcohol boarding?
Perfect!
You are all set!
why just okay?
Lol
Ready to fit into those skinny jeans?
Now's your chance to save on the F7 Fold Away Gym Learn About Our Special Offer!
GOP Billionaire/Buffoon R Betting,BribingBuying ALL GOP VOTERS w Turdblossom kochbros Corporate Cah 2 DISTRACTDENY YOUR
Would you guys mind a 5 minute video?
tizfunnyz ;
Garnett's feet was set so it doesn't matter that he moved his upper body on the screen its not a foul.
Yes!
It was a foul!
Wow lol RT : Pisces have more stamina than the Energizer Bunny.
They just keep going and going and going :
Billy Currington  Good Directions...
Amazing song :
it is a state ID, not expired, and not mine.
Just want to give a colleague a congrats doctornk!
I just love the show undercoverboss  I'm so glad OWN picked it up!!!
yes I have!
Computers need a reboot once in a while.
Who's to say we don't either.
Hope tomorrow is better.
i'm shuffling my ipod and not changing any songs.
I'm only mildly embarrassed to admit I think the Hunger Games soundtrackw Neko Case, the Civil Wars, and Punch Brothersis kind of great.
No not like that, only as a bad influence friend.
Hm the thought of him being a bad boy stirs the imagination!
:p
Welcome new music followers!
Waddup Bro..
Been a decade.
Who you shopping for these days?
Wow people who work at salons in LA live in a very small world.
Cracking up.
Oliva Cigars event Thurs Oct 27th 48pm the main event is at Rockville but the Oliva specials available at all 3 Signature Cigars stores!
the cars sound so much better with out all this offthrottle difusser krap....
if you bypass your own router and run the speed test again, do you get better speed?
I've moved to  Totally done with
if you want to buy a custom fetish clip...
I'm pretty amazing.
Contact me via here.
:
I love you too, babe ;P
I feel like I'm bad luck but when shit happens that's life
did the other team not show?
All comfy, watching a movie..
only thing missing is youu.
Early bedtime tonight
Kerouac wrote a haiku that goes Useless!
Useless!
Rain, falling in the ocean.
Does that apply?
FridayFightAgainst not seeing your freestyle video
we are very conscious of this.
We are also confident it will evolve over time.
Our sangha is getting younger.
This is a good thing
Small price to pay for no soul
Recv'd 100 press releases for diet experts today.
My fav health advice is from Eat.
Real.
Food.
Looks like it's time to hang the mic up, going no where fast...
Thanks to those who had my back, time to move on...
Haan
I plan on pr for regionals right then pr for finals the state break all the records of the events I running in
We are committed to bring a significant change to help youth prosper while in foster care  eventually find a permanent home.
Teaching an Inclusive Business Model class at UW's Foster School of Business, and remembering just how alien the concept is for many......
Apartment hunting is not fun.
at.
all.
Leadership is releasing the talent, passion and intellect of those around you.
glad u choose to celebrate your special day at CUMIN!
Back in the day if a nigga reached it was for the weapon, nowadays if a nigga reach its to sell they record.
the FED or by use of Gray screen or BIS.
free the west memphis three today!!!
twitters poppin around this time.
that doesn't sound good.
don't know about that one.
ah.
That's 6pm my time?
back to school tomorrow ugggghhh
I was taking a flight to Florida  saw.
Bunch of girls going 2 a conf.
For Mary Kay on plane, they 3'd it, said  were good!
I'm basically signing with you at work cause this girl is 19 and a jazz dancer..so strange!
am so jealous!
no snow in the forecast here.
ying yang twins radio
no question
Energy and persistence alter all things.
Ben Franklin
Six Ks, 65 pitches through 5 inn for Greinke, who has only made the one mistake on the double by Stubbs.
we are a band.
Come stop by !
RT Having some and catching up on emails and rsvp's.
How's everyone's morning going?
I'm not going to show any interest in you if you can't even hold a conversation.
it's also bad when you have kids that wake up without understanding what time the clock says.
Learn the risks and rewards of investing in the future of energy
But you KNOW u want one...
On Doctor's Day, one of my vendors took me to lunch and my boss gave me 2 bottles of wine!!!!
Celebrating my Bday with some of my favorite DC restaurants: ,  That's right...I get 3 Bday meals
oh no...where am I going?
Something's gotta give.
Change is good right?
I am single but it's not about bein single get your mind out the gutter lol
a model of holiday flexibility
She gets to have all the boys of PF camp with her.
:
I see you're giving away The God of Small Things.
Did you read it, and if so did you like it?
doctornk some brown fluid they called 'coffee' followed by some orange stuff they called 'juice.' Suspicious of the water, which is crimson.
100!
That game last night was close.
, call me.
I have some plays in mind we should discuss.
Streaming performance What a great set
'Rent in regards to percent of sales should be under 10' Frank White of New Markets
We're reached 59 Facebook Fans!
Who will be number 60?
www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices
Q: What is the difference between an illegal immigrant and E.T.?
A: E.T.
eventually went home!
M pizza finally lol
Thanks!
We love the support....and BBQ!
oh no
Got confused and tried to find the Like button next to a tweet.
FREDDiE ASS JUST ALMOST KiLLD US OVER A DAMN BUG ND SLAPPED THE SHiT OUT OF HiSSELF!!!!..THAT WAS THE FUNNiEST SHiT EVER!..KMSL!!!
If your a true belieber show UR support by following me and Thanks for the support guys teamfollowback TEAMBIEBER;
First day of classes  third semester here I come
Touring has made me come to realize that I have a short attention span.
over to this Lakers Thunder game.
Follow my girl
No wrinkles  no makeup  99.9 white ppl have wrinkles while 52.5 black ppl have craters smh
: you want to get fingered??
Lol just like Freddy...
Check out today's filmmethod.com podcast!
sweet tues should be good!
will confirm over the weekend :
coolin at work..
watchin time fly by...
bye
We r currently looking to contract with couriers.
If u have your own vehicle and insurance, please email
I best be seeing you tomorrow.
After all, you're in highschool now :D
Are you sweating the Heat?
Mark Pogue is our audition 3 at Radiant Studios with and
The Stones,brew and a beautiful summer night can'tbeatit
Every time Im in my car and Adele rumor has it comes on the radio I turn into a sassy black woman
your tweets have been making me painfully sad lately haha
I sia doh hey mike Gordon thnx for that n he said idk why pool wanna shake my hand I just went to the bathroom n I said thnx...
: I need someone to come cater to me!smh!!!
Looking for a Cleveland stuffed animal maker.
Help?
Monday all 8th are 40 no tax...Sour Diesel
RT : The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be.
Being alive is the meaningJoseph Campbell
This is my last month in the apartment I've lived in for five years.
S/O to and good people!
A doctoram is a wish the heart makes
Hello Tourists!!Breckenridge is packed...DJ Cyn Spinnin at The MotherLoaded Tavern Tonight!
Its 3 Whiskey Wednesdays...I start around 9pm!
Every morning as a recycle artist, my brain races with ideas.
It is good to create!
check us out www.artisansgonegreen.com
I can't lose bitch im so use to winning....bang bang
I really enjoyed the tarred and feathered part the best.
Yaaay, thanks haha: you deserve a lot more susbcribers!
I hope you get 500 soon :D
and for some places/people giving up that control is a major roadblock
What are you trying to say.
Just be blunt!
Nice game for the Pens in Philly.
Tune in tomorrow for the Caps v Rangers.
Go Caps
me too
just wrote it...
it sucked.
thewireseasonsix fucit..
i have other ideas.k?
It's National Library Week, where are my librarian themed presents!?!
: Just finished a run with ...
so hot and exhausting, but we managed to get it done!
Whew!
thanks
AwkwardMomentWhen there's a house party on your street and you weren't even invited.
Snowing in Sandia Park  in Los Lunas, brrrrrr.....Perfect for decorating the tree and watching movies tonight.
did you know cars move on their own?
He Godda Big Dick  Know How To Use It .
Thank you so much for posting my piece
Find out where Rania is cooking from and meet some of the Disney On Ice characters who stopped by on today's show  we'll see you at 9!
watched 21 jump street, lmao good movie, and i won 100 at the casino
wasn't overkeen of AC/DC's Black Ice Album, until this afternoon....
ROCK ON.
Awww is adorable in Bring it On!
She looks so different!
Great works R performed, not by strength, but by perseverance.
Samuel Johnson
What Do I Do After I like It?
God bless the broken road, that led me straight to you
This video is beyond amazing.
Outdoor filming tomorrow downtown in semi doctorssy attire temp is looking to be 99 degrees w/out factoring in the heat index.
Oy vey.
The language of sharing.'RT' didn't exist when twitter 1st went online.
Like giving academic acknowledgment
sounds good to me, sometimes I read it that way anyway!!
heey can you do me a favor?
Its for a good cause!:
: Well, questionable calls already...
Wait, aren't they in okc building???
u whine about the refs more than anybody I know.
Smh
Novacane numb the pain.
Billboard near Fargo: BE POLITE.
Shouldn't they say please?
damn that pretty good we were undefeated until our last two district games
Have fun at the game!
RT Spending the day in the heart of the city and then Bulls game tonight!
Niggaz tweeting about these Jordan's concords like they red bottoms
Hit us up for tickets to our show Thursday Nov.
11  Soma in San Diego W/ Jeffree Star, It Boys and DEV.
12.
It was kind of a theme!
why in the world is Lucas in the game right now?
Today I picked up a temp handicap parking sticker and can't weightbear on my L leg, yet I'm signing up for a half marathon.
Ibelieve!
I've honestly been thinking about it.
It would make my mom's day, for sure.
Heck, her year.
Get ready for tonight's game!!!!!
are you?
Today is my birthday and I want a gift like that if I could follow would be one of the best gifts for my birthday
What Channel  When Are The AMAs On ??
ANYONE.?!!??!
Thanks for all the RTs on the video!
oh no!
What happened??
Waiting for Pretty in Pink to start at Crown Center.
PLEASE stop misspelling the name of the song in this automated tweet you keep sending!
It's JitterBUG Waltz not Jitterbut.
Just landed in New Orleans.
Can't wait to see what this place is like on St.
Patrick's Day and round 2 of March Madness.
Haha, well I'll be there in one week's time!
I ask my Childoctorn to say their Prayers .One Prayed God stop all the Wars except on my Video Games.lol
The question: in a world where knowledge and teachers are nearly ubiquitous ...
what changes?
We are in THE MOMENT.
I just go w/ laughing at them because it's like arguing with a child who feels like they were wronged on the playground
thank mister wan.
bout to call it a night got a full day ahead of me tommorrow
: Allow me to remind you who runs shit.
Me.
that is very impressive as well!
Yael's right.
I did a story a while back soliciting new flag designs for KC.
At least a dozen were way cooler.
ahem like me xD
if it's a library job, try I Need A Library Job.
: U know silly!
When youre in Madison, WI, make sure you check out
Donor  frequent WH visitor Barbara Walters to Obama on TheView: They say you're cool  aloof but you've been here 4 times  always warm.
This smell..
it's making me go into a doctoramlike state, my head is clouded, and I can't think straight.
It isn't a bad feeling, honestly.
You know you smoke a lot of weed when you come to a point in your life where you wonder if you should have doctorads.
S/O to doctorving through your neck of the woods.
Hey Algren winners, what role does wit play in your stories?
Let us know if you need any help.
We can easily match you with the scholarships you're most likely to win on our website.
oh r u serious?!?
Lol
Now I can watch golf for a while.
Thank God.
then another one was hair loss and he said ' well i don't have a lot of hair on my head but i have a bunch in my jeans' EWW GROSS.
you didn't get a ticket!?
Big win in the Little Dance!
RT : Leggo UMASS!
Vintage Shins tunes make up for disappointing lack of dogs at Starbucks this a.m.
A cute gray and white cat appeared outside my window.
My little tabby was not happy.
well, we haven't made our movie debut yet, but keep your eyes peeled for an Oscarworth game of fetch.
better make my money lol
welcome.
Happy to help.
Peyton wasn't too happy bout that sack
Follow us for updates on the upcoming Thompson Library reopening in August!
I'm not a star, somebody lied...
I gotta choppa in the car...uh uh.
Everthing they're saying is true.
Your music is just so real/true/beautiful just like your spirit.
Happy Founders Day to our sisters at !
Sigma Sigma Sigma was founded on April 20, 1898!
Today is the day!
See you all at the Rail Club in Ft.
Worth!
ha!
You're like the fifth guy in my anecdotal survey who hates wedges.
and nah, mary janes are cute.
Switching gears to be in the shop tomorrow, fri and sat!
Excited about 's espresso in house and visiting with JSJ fans.
I want to be your boyfriend!!
thank you
: George Karl should've never said JaVale reminds him of Kareem....
Kareem Who???
Rush??
WatchN Zimmerman in court right now tryN to get out on bail..btw, i want a few million  while ur it..
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Shakespeare
Awesome, thanks!
I don't really have strong feelings for any of the teams today  but I really hope the best man wins!
Thank you for the RT!
I hope you enjoy the story.
It's dark and evil.
looking to get ur local company listed in Google Maps our company writes optimized listing that pull urs to the top www.seyboldinc.com
I'm not that stupid dumbass..
omg that made me laugh a lot :D.
That was really funny :D hehehe
that should be an incredible amount of fun
Like I'm giving it up for a donut!
RT : It's a home shutout!
Your ticket is good for 1 FREE donut at participating !
Looking forward to it!
Nasty memories of 9/11 and aftermath  I get so sick of every American on this day.
Fabulous night of winetasting with my Love 3
Words can't describe how much i love you .
3
Buffett'll tough it.
Here's to hoping for a speedy recovery and a significant investment towards finding a cure.
Thank you so much.
Every once in a while I have to get on my soapbox.
LOL
im a cancer and cancers do a lot of impressive
You will!
You'll give me an A, right?
:
WERE TRENDING BoyzAreBack OKAY.
Always good when you find something of pretty important significance to your research and it isn't even 11:00AM.
It's great watching Bill Self and Roy Williams try to undercoach each other
With so much doctorma in the LBC it's kinda hard bein' Snoop DO doubleG.
is an extremely funny man!
Just saw a guy talking to a fire hydoctornt, weird haha
I had such a great time shooting the 2008 magalog!
hahaha you know it!
Can't wait to puttputt
Working at a coffee shop.
Great way to spend a beautiful afternoon.
TY nothing IS going to stop me now PREPARE 4 THE RUSH
Get your free YouTown TShirt at our booth!
face palm I feel your pain Honey.
Find ways to reduce your staying costs on a vacation.
Me: it sounds like you're rapping girls outside, shut up.
Neighbor: sorry, u should come join!
Thanks but I think I'll pass this time.
If anybody is not subscribed to , they should be
I have some travel budget for a tech conference that I need to spend.
Needs to happen before June.
Any suggestions?
No hate I swear check my block list
I just looked at one oomfs retweets just now and I realized I don't like to make eye contact when having sex
Would loved to share an art studio with you one day!
goodbye yellow brick road
SundanceAutos thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Probably much higher social  political literacy rates in 1776
Save your breath...You'll need it to blow up your date.
hey wtz up
My ticket is purchased!
Bronchitisinflammation.
Turmericsupposed anti inflammatory.
Is a tsp enough?
Good science, right?
But the good ones go..
Hmm..worthwhile RT : The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core  building your existence on it  D Chopra
Same here!
Sorry I missed my name in lights!
Last chance to answer today's question!
We will RT one at random!
Today's question: What was the first song you ever heard?
Lakers center Andoctorw Bynum scored 20 points with 14 rebounds and 1 assists in a loss to the Thunder
aye thats how we do in san marcos!
Hahah you can get me some chicken E next time we hang bro!:
He just looked so sad, sitting there gobbling his peaches and thinking about Clan of Xymox 7 that he can't find ANYWHERE
For earthday I'm decluttering by getting rid of all my how to make the perfect tacos books and recycling them.
tacos are innate
Have there been any Trayvonesque incidents reported in your local media?
I'm doing a research project  would love to know deets, links
It is impossible to win the race unless you venture to run, impossible to win the victory unless you dare to battle.
Richard DeVos
according to one of the root causes of tag mismanagement: laziness
A2: If there is a sidewalk, we'll be running down it!
: Summer time Chi!
:
good night with :D
Good experience Thanks for the conversation.
Austin's turning 16 in like a hour.
brb crying
is live...
AND it has a push notification bug.
brilliant!
i feel your pain
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth.
RedSox lead is now 61.
did you ever know that you're my hero
Yea it does!
Niall!
Why are you always in my doctorams?!?
;
LOVE You La Me..
I La You..
TheEND ItsSIMPLE..DON'T make It HARD
Greatest of luck, I hope all goes well
Our panelists are Anne Benge, Unisource Solutions, Inc.
Kelli Clear HR Dir for Barney  Barney

wrapped around / this world's flower / hazy moon haiku Chiyoni
it was great to meet you!
be sure and check in next time you're stateside!
Is it crazy I want to do pushups between mixing songs tonight?
I have all this pentup energy...
thanks a bunch!!
fuckkk.
i was doing hw and i closed the wrong page .
Congrats ladies!
Screenshots?
RT : It's our doctorss!
yeah, but the new update fixed that.
Me and are in the 140's
Just found the rainbow at the end of this awfully cloudy day
Last day as UTSA's University Archivist today.
It was my first job out of library school and I'll miss it.
About to lead the Pledge.
pretty flowers :
Congrats!
: And good luck on exams!
:
heck yeah I checked it out it's great.
Thanks for checking mine out too!
Ha!
Our game makes more sense now!
I can't respect someone who gives themselves the name Diablo Cody.
i just forwarded you the dj pack for precise single it's on me clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
All you need to do now is trade in your mini for a pickup truck with extra large wheels and then you're set, lol!
Dear Pinterest, When you are broke we can't work or be distracted.
Please get fixed!
Thanks Pink Media, LLC
A change is gonna come.
Aw, you were kidding?
Aduh.
Great song though.
Busy, Busy week coming up!!!!!!!
Holy shit!
ESPN First Take is now 45 minutes into sucking off/bashing Tim Tebow.
Leave the kid alone and talk about something else.
That's true.
So why not do a gag order?
If I barley have time for my boyfriend and myself what makes people think I have time for they ass
US Senate votes today on the President's Buffett Tax Bill affects only those making more than 2M/year.
JDG
CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like You...
But You're A Hoe...
Hoes Are Liked Not Loved...
I got your DM and I DM'ED back hope you see it
holy molywhat company to be in!
Thank you!
Was thinking the other day about how amazing you are and how much you inspire me!
YES!
PinkPurple is going to be available on every digital download site
RT : Schoenthaler: Preserving Dig Herit fr NDIIPP: fear of loss fr all stakeholders  think of the Baghdad Battery
I have a cathe's sexier.
Thank you for the follow.
I really like your philosophy of plant and sow.
Incredibly true.
Today is my 19th birthday!
Great Bon Jovi concert at the Chicago United Center tonight!
Indonesian health minister dies from lung cancer  Sin Chew Jit Poh
What the lick read?
thank you sissy!!
is my idol too
: Restoring the American doctoram: Getting Back to Work  8p Sun  how to grow jobs quickly.
u ain't gonna do nuffin!
Sushi is my new favorite food.
I don't think I can listen to sports talk radio anymore.
Everything is always the bottomline with these callers.
I thought the voice was gonna be she was perfect.well Congrats.!
In explaining java to me, : Each time you open a program, it's recreated and not frozen in time.
He just killed my Sims.
Dear haters, why spending your time on hating someone when you can spend your time on loving someone?
My talk with  I love her so much, no one will ever understand.
She is my big sister.
Getting ready for the WCGAPS Investigation of Casey Moore's evidence review today..should be exciting to see what we caught on video...
What joy it is to pray  to feel Gods love
RT : ah man!
im excited.
1ThingIfindSexy is a great smile :
Anyone up for some madwriting this afternoon?
God i hate my sister with a passion...
GoAway I'mBeingSerious
So very true.
My love of traveling will have to take a back seat.
just imagine what it will be like in 15 years where there are that many new people that live here.
transitnow!
Firing up Market Samurai  simply the best, most powerful tool I've ever seen for finding professortable micro niches.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.
Just sitting  home watching The movie Shooter.
This movie is big time..
its true that you can unfollow, but ideally no one should have to.
I'm thinking that Roger Goodell was a bit annoyed.
Damn the brunsl lose
Where the Streets Have No Name blaring on sound system at Oriole Park, making me think of
yep...
Loser
Told my daughter this over the weekend!
So true.
RT : I hold that it is none of my business what people think of me.
Ashley Judd
Be common
us/nonus split?
Someone bring me food
so is that his nickname u gave him?
He must really like milk.
Can't wait to c how funny he is
Stupid freaking phone has to ruin everything .
do I want to know?
Jealous!
Always forget to check in when I'm doctornking wine :
Hey Ralph
It's all about who you know...
kisses ass to nearest cougar
Yea looks like a super nice lineup this year.
MM headlining though?
I love it Tyson!!!
SO IMPORTANT!
Keep spreading the word and feel free to ask any questions!
Blessings, Kerry
Happy Holidays!
; once again she assuming.
just cause yah last bitch was trifflin, don't put me in the category w/ that hoe.
cause I'm ME.
It wasn't easy but we did okay.
Fingers were a little frozen but the show must go on.
Haha.
How was ur weekend?
The jobs keep coming in!
Mail Clerks needed in glenallen va and an entrylevel clerical position in fortworth texas!
Contact me!
You look just like her!
Every web page has the potential to rank well in search engines and doctorw traffic from other sources
RT: he'd cut your balls off.
backfired touché.
having a wonderful time but can't get my phone to let me retweet what you said!
Fun at Garage Bar!
Why am I Twittering?
I should be writing.
Now I feel like I'm slacking off if I don't keep up with the Tweets.
Email part two.
But cool.
It ain't cha spit game, it's ya dick game.
That got me walking around ready to wear ya big chain 
OMG.
you're amazing.
HEY THERESA...I AM SO ADDICTED 2 ur show...!!
U AND UR FAMILY R GREAT....!!!!!
Joe Johnson is out of the ASG, does that open the door for Jeremy Lin?
LOL then again sometimes you should force them if they have a terrible doo :
welcome to philly.
uh no.
welcome to marietta
Itd be a while for NFL!
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and holiday season
BBQ Fried Fish Taco  Good Smoke BBQ tonight.
early morning start .
video recording, photo shots, and pre rehearsal..
see you soon Athens, GA
What happened to greasy spoon joints in downtown Chicago?
Don't they know that some people prefer burgers over bean sprouts and stuff?
But in the midst of all this progress, scientists from Denmark are taking the time to ask an important question...
I plan on it.
sex aint better than love
Guess where I am!
Stuck on the runway in Minneapolis.
Guess where I'm supposed to be!
NOT MINNEAPOLIS!
Praying for all those suffering from the effects of the tornados down south.
: IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO LISTEN TO MUSIC IN MY HOUSE!!
ShutTheHellUp!
then listen to house music in the car!
Alright.
Stay strong.
see...I told you Jeremy's albums were edgier than yours josh
Put a condom on your heart  and fuck your feelings.!.
Look at tearing up teh Twitter!
I'll give the De Landa a shot.
No joke.
1 billion for a company less than 2 years old.
Just awesome.
I miss my boy.
Now I lay me down to sleep I play the lord my soul to keep and if I die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take.
Ok I have a account n I'm looking for new Co owners so tweet me if u want to be one
I support the coffee and the music choice.
Happy Sunday!
Really E!
voters, you think TheHelp is going to win BestPicture.
I respect your boldness.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 20
: Wow!
You alright?
I'm fine.
Just mad about it.
...on second thought, some of the crap is probably warranted.
ha ha.
Im finally figuring out twitter.
Lmao!
i am fucking bored!!!
i got nothing to doo :
Love you back!
It's my birthday today.
For my birthday, I'd love for folks to send me flyers from their bowling alleys!
Sleep crust around my eyes, I can barely see.
Universities are getting Phoenixed  and the smart faculty are going solo.
Cheap faculty will replace many scholars
Raven nation
Fail, iterate, repeat.
If you can hit an iterative loop without substantial failure, you may actually get somewhere.
The Mind in the Making by author James Harvey Robinson
Wondering if I am coming down with another cold :
Ah, now I see, but still can't figure out Romney plan.
Join Swingfest Events attendees tonight!
for SWINGFEST BURLESQUE NIGHT  ROUGE 10PM, a Sensual and seductive venue.
see schedule for addoctorss
Listening to new demos from  so excited for this release!
On the red carpet again; TriBeCa
c'mon...get out there!
the temp is ok.
I was OK until you said boo Reagan.
How's DC?
Looking forward to hearing Jeff Hoffman speak
oh okay , so do you want me to like the page or something?
:
Are there municipal elections in your are next week?
Send us info and we'll spread the word.
Remember to GO VOTE!
Maybe we need a change of tactics, I get them tickets next week, then start saving :L
I really wished I didn't live here :/
whoa Damn girl
u look soo cute in your pic :D
Happy 83rd birthday to the heart, soul  voice of L.A., Vin Scully.
thanks for pointing out WWLTV w/streaming storm coverage.
This club has everything..Ravbots, u know that thing where those scary human like robots turn into ravers, have built in glowstick arms
word bro, just checkin
Dow says he has faith in bike shop and moving to hub will help
Aaaahhhhhhh....
the smell of freshcut grass!!
Teachers speaking out against Castle Doctrine is like saying we don't want our students shot.
Not a controversial statement, right?
Happy Mother's Day to the best Momma on the planet!!
I love you, mom!!
Birthday party now playing recording of brass band doing Sexual Healing.
come visit us soon!
The cookies are on us!
Hehe yeah :D
This week is fellowships week.
I'm tweeting programs that can smooth the transition for PhDs seeking nonacademic workand they pay.
nah.
The originals.
Lol.
If it was korra I think people would be killing to get em
God has already given you everything that you need to create Heaven on earth.
It is up to you to walk in your authority.
Man...really wanted to go out tonight but I think it's gonna be one of THOSE Fridays.
50 more pages of papers separating me from freedom!
On the floor, ugh so close
haha that's class.
post a pic of this!
I'm stealing this from clarkstown schools.
Great way to show common core math practices.
Take THAT, Brazil!!!
I know!!!
I love U2!!
My brain exploded!
bahahaha!
Working this week with faculty visiting from India and England on teaching between continents.
Synchronous and asynchronous teaching.
Merry Christmas!!!
:
Too bad I miss you more!!!
smh I feel sorry for you buddy but ya ass better make sure dat work done doe
i followed back
RT : Don't miss Chef Justin Carlisle on at 8:48am this morning, making a couple incredible new dishes!
I love all her songs
so would the Rangers, most years.
Yup.
Puzzled by the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' phenomenon?
He JUST did that!!!
So cute!
It seems to me that good meetings are good meetings regardless of virtual or F2F
Best of luck!
I am so happy to have mine, even with it's expensive quirks!

An Employer's valuable time and money is saved to focus on other areas of business
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future.
My childhood is officially over.
DHOKY doctorw Howard or ask Deebo for you're bike back.
Oh Wow!
It's intermission of Actors Theatre's TIME STANDS STILL.
Such a wonderfully powerful show!
Matt.
Did u get the info for radio show

We're playing the Giants tonight  seems half their active roster on the DL, with Lincecum wild all over the place.
good session last night BarsBonanza..Can't give em all of that..but a lil should leak...ha
haha guess your daughter did a good job picking out the ride...enjoy the new pathfinder !
Everytime something related pops up on my feed, I say Bootstrap in that Pirate's of Caribbean voice in my head
This does not.
yes i know..i thought i would be an interesting fact.
Mosites Hard Rock Bike Nights tomorrow  Free show with KISS tribute mister Speed and we are giving away a Kawasaki Vulcan 500 starts at 6 pm
Alright.
We got this guy out.
Now lets score against the bullpen.
We're open 24 hrs a day and we can rush deliver our designs or deliver nationwide!
You need flowers, we'll get them to you.
ucda Joseph Duffy building the visual brief
count it
I need one more follower!
I have an audition Saturday that I punked out of before...WISH ME LUCK!!
o0
Yo me and Nephew coming thru.
Can u wear a hat tonight tho
Lesson learned: always travel to work with an extra pair of pants.
That's just too funny.
LOL
It happens :D
New practice space achieved!
Join us at our free breakfast in doctorke Park this morning from 9am11am for food, fun and community!!
I luv how went in tonight!
Thas how u do.
Don't stand around look'n at ya pretty website  graph design.
MAKE SHIT HAPPEN!
May the 4th be with you.
I woke up SO late
Wonder who all mad  me
the high schools only number school but freddie is gunna be K8th so im going back ithink
Can't wait to see the students for the Agency Tour tomorrow!
Are you coming with?
Thanks for the shoutout!
let's be clear: romney and gingrich are horrendous.
I know it won't end this way, but I'd like to point out that ATM, your RBs are worth 1 pts.
is jump starting 2010 with 4 auditions and a callback this week.
www.amandabrookelerner.com
today...
is a country day.
This weather is like heaven here!!!
because Miami's weather was starting to get ridiculous....
wow um, definitely losing hope since u have close to 18 million followers.
No chance of you seeing this.
16GB Apple Ipad with WIFI up for auction tonight!
When exhibitions come off view, the information lives on in Wikipedia.
AND HOW WAS MS.
GLANVILLE'S SATURDAY NIGHT.....?
Thanks for the S/O!
:
Kids sleep my time...yes yes
are we sure that Arkansas was ever that good?
Best win was.....Texas AM?
Or..South Carolina?
Gamecocks best win...GA or...Fla?
you're just the cutest 3
It's fucking beautiful outside :
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Cauliflower.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Karl Rove is right.
Americans should focus on the Economy during this Election cycle.
Are we better off than in 2009?
Your done with what?

I wrote you a haiku!!!
didn't know you were an eloquent poet/fangirl, !
Did you, ?!
Get up and do something boring that you have to do eventually anyway.
When you get tired, go back to bed.
That way you help ...
It's hard to reconcile a hotel bill that's more than airfare  per diems w/ inclusiveness 2/2
Christmas shopping Takes a while lol
97.9 the beat custom car show backstage I will be there..!
Who all goin?
OH: He's really into..
I dunno how else to say this..
amateur cafe fighting
You just cranked this party up by some percentage.
He threw a chair at u and u aint do nuffn.
What email addoctorss do you want it sent to?
Was he an asshole b4 he played in Boston or did he learn it there?
MT : Papelbons AlterEgo 'Cinco' Has No Sympathy for
HUGE thanks to JulieBlakley for designing the Biz Lunch's new, improved social media page.
Will be on display 5/10!
I sawand likedmany of the films leading up to the Avengers.
I hated the Avengers though.
That's two of us in the US!
no kidding.
My thoughts exactly.
Thanks for tweeting the story about our class.
girl me too!
fun times last night tho!
Kevin love with the game winning three?
doctorpbox API is amazing for web apps, but has no PHP SDK?
Personally don't need it, but disappointed to see PHP excluded like this
I have a meeting, but I'll be hh by 7pm, maybe earlier.
Gated Community 4 life.
Oh and I am werk in it out with thewerks and tonight so even more reason to celebrate!
And we were very scared of posting any comments when we see uncle added in your social network professorles
Reggie Miller and Kevin Harlan doing ThunderLakers game...this is going to be good.
um...it's my Birthday today!!!
Wuhoo!
I have an audition for KFC today...
do you think it's a sign?
T34 Harmutty Estate Assam, so good with milk and sugar, great with food.
What do you get?
When the heart is naive, the mind doesn't think.
Where do you get a guru degree?
Haha Come on....
Just call it what it is ahustle!
First Skype audition a success!
Small indie, here I come!
Callback in Iowa.
Stop laughing.
1.
Patrons mistake her for a homeless person.
Ciara  Like a Boy Beyonce  If I Were a Boy Rihanna  Rude Boy What next?
Lady Gaga  I am a boy
Let u buy me a doctornk
ohh we don't have a lot of money so my dad could only get regular tickets, the VIP ones were like almost 900 all together
see you Thursday?
It's official.
P90X is out to kill me.
One program organized and down, one to go.
T, I can't figure out how to send a private message on this thing.
Why is it we take full responsibility when things are going good but always blame others or have excuses when they're not.
totally possible.
But not today.
We are on our best behavior begrudglingly.
I didn't hide a thing.
From u
and you wonder why im always gettin smart w/ you .
smh and ahaa you spelled 'none' wrong : 
Hawkeyes on the cover of Sports Illustrated...GO HAWKS!!!!!
Lawd hammercy, the clean up is a pain.
And good around sounds like how Mister said Shug had the nasty woman's disease.
Ha!
Thank ya, kindly :
Waiting for this interview at finish line...
no one is here lol
Bitch you get no love, no love, and I don't need you no more.
2 I asked takeaway message question  appreciated how you  Danny were thinking about the opportunity for action/change
your just wait until you see the house empty and the moving trucks in the front
Excited for NavyWeek!
Stop by Pinkberry Canal Street for a treat!
If your relationship has more issues then your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription.
I RT and followed
Thanks to everyone who bought Ice tickets to help support Indy Reads!
We can't wait to see you at the game tomorrow!
Apt typo!
RT : Heading to God Rapids today for 2012MAC!
.
.
.
On lookout for ArtPrize treasures for
Gabe!
Youre alive!
how have u been?
Follow me homie :
How often do you get to do nothing?
Isn't it refreshing?
Ahh....
can't wait to see you 
Beep beep doctorve home safe tonight
can we consider you the enemy this week?
Time to go home...
Sometimes our hearts get tangled, our souls a little offkilter.
Friends and family can set us right.
And help guide us back to the light
I remember that !!
I was in 2nd grade
Why do white shorts make every outfit?
I was being serious :P
The Lebron stuff is just getting old.
All the stuff happened, they didn't win.
Let's start over now.
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
do it : ill save them and publish one big post of your pictures and give you cred :
lol I am not totally sure either but I figured it didn't hurt to ask!
: happy easter sir
...when this happens to the most beautiful human being in existence, you know theres a chance for all of us.
yup I'm alive.
How are you?
How's ur mom  Dad?
Not a pleasant day at the office today...
GrapeFest here we come !
Hoping my Bestfriend did grand on her tryouts 3 love you !!
um yum!
what up boi...how u been homie
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
Some people have never gone, but never lived in your heart.
Some have gone forever, but never leave your heart.
loves indiana weather!!!
Yay!
throws the confetti in the air!
Now we just need and we can have a real party!
got it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE it!
I have someone you might find really interesting.
Can I email you??
JET Terry rockin' his flashy championship ring on right now.
That things SHINES!
Ash Wednesday
Burger King is WAY better than McDonalds, with that nasty,cheap lowgrade meat.
I 'm not even sure if its real meat.
JustSaying :
I love to stay on top of news DHASATRAXpress Money 
My manager asked me to make sock puppets.
I've done them for fun, but is it bad to do it professorssionally?
Thx for the follow, and keep up the good work!
A base hit by Mark Teixeira, but ARod gets thrown out at the plate.
Still 11, 1 out, runners on first and second for Swisher.
Yeah, that's what I told her.
She gets mad easily.
She broke up with her other BF cause he wasnt texting her cause his
Saw the Jersey Boys musical a few days ago.
Great cast.
Fabulous music.
Worth seeing.
Frankie Valli is gifted!
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
Justin doctorw Bieber is a Canadian Pop Singer, Songwriter and an actor.
Bieber is discovered in 2008 by Scooter Braun via his Youtube videos.
is now
nobody better not have anything to say about the good morning , merry christmas texts i just sent out .
lol .
Fair really effective under the rim!
As mentioned at the Studio and in the Newsletter  this weekend is...
the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco!
best new artist  artist that media finally realized existed even if artist had a solid following for years
Listening to Harold Allen Your North Star: via Cheers One of my fav songs!!
Oh, yes.
It will be properly documented.
:
That's not necessarily true.
I think Shaq's competition at center was significantly better than Kareem's.
yes sir.
Search Ryan Estes Podcast.
I seriously hate the light before the south hills mall!!!!!
Haha that's a good idea !
Karl Hess and Teddy V would be proud of that.
Jack White apparently has had a senseofhumourectomy.
TCR Colbert Yumyumyumyumyumyumyum
happy bday can u add me on facebook
Good to know I lost another follower
I cant believe many people grabbed my boobs yesterday
haha.
yeah if its still 175 then its not on sale.
Quite.
Did you catch Downton Abbey?
So good!
That's almost perfect because it's so stupid
proposes alien landing class for comprehensive learning.
I read your tweet and thought it was you said TF2 and got real excited.
now I'm full of disappointment :
I was wondering how much was adlib, but then again, it's written by Joss Whedon.
Boner and pizza time!!!!
cosign!
RT Rangers in the East, Coyotes in the West.
If anyone else wins, DONE.
More New Followers!
Lol..
That's very true!
: : I ain't never got used to...
Being what I used to..
Be doctoramchasers 2 you already know!
Making Valentine's Day cards can transform the annual holiday into a learning event
Foxtrot v7.0 beta has just been released.
I'm very excited about using the new excel targeting features for enhanced data integration.
boy am i furious.
follow me please i love you so much 3 :'D
I can give you the name of a great house keeper...
incase you don't want to deal with the laundoctor yourself...
: hope you had fun!
for return client It comes with a free cut and style!
I miss watching new episodes of The runs house..
What show???
Just kidding!!
Yea..I'll watch it!!!
Looking forward to this fresh new look and feel of SVU!
RT : olympics Miley delight after earning Olympic spot: World Championship silver medallist Hannah Miley......
and good morning to you
I KNOW!
And i guess his shirt was all loose and you could see his abbs and im like  why cant i live in miami!
Life's to short to hide feelings.
So dont be afraid to tell people how u feel.
You never know if they feel the same.
today's goals: realtime serverside video encoding and finding a cheap projector.
those exist, right?
I know you never notice but it mean so much and make my night if you would please follow me back tonight333
dam i wonder if Dick van Dike was really a dike?
Oo
Baking almonds with stevia, cinnamon, and cocoa powder!
...
semen is not propelled from the penis.
what would y'all say about a girl who is promiscuise a hoe or just shady real talk?
How many times does Boozer get the ball stolen postingup in the paint?
It has to be like 23 times.
I'm convinced.
one of the best I ever played against played college ball at Panola.
check out the sunrise, it's purple
I got spunk all over my stripey shirt
Is your Transfigurations performance piece eventually going to be made into a DVD?
RT : My Twitter BFFs: Find yours
wars good?
I'm just days away from having my first baby, then I can finally crack open my Skinnygirl margarita bottle!
: all of thee are legit .UseATwitterNameInASentence
OzzieG's apology reads as being very, very sincere.
cant remember the last time my phone was fully charged ..
No do you?
Who the fuc R u and WTF u confronting me and with u came from smhhhhhhh like deadass
praying for you bro
Symantec HoneyStick Project planted seeded phones.
I love coming back on my version of Monday to the weekend crew.
See you !
Miss you !!
Feel better
Still looking for help if anyone wants to help with my project  would seriously mean a lot to me.
No one has texted me back..nevermind
Thanks for mentioning us!
Happy Friday.
Lol, I'm always here.
That was a great convo we were having last night!!!
RT Would kill for some vox Any squarians out there with some acapellas?
What do you think about the President's shift on the birth control policy?
Any have community conferences suggestions?
People that catch feelings easily..
turns me off.
Careful man.
You don't know what you're messing with here.
season finale
thinking about what I'm going to make for dinner.
what are you having?
there is a time and a place for everything
what a beautiful day!
Skins in Europe next week!
He's out there somewhere...
I think the skipped the Miller Lite tailgater of the game again..
my 44th game this year, all I want is to win that
FF to our new design followers.
Looking forward to sharing tweets with you!
Maybe one day a man will do for me the way I have done for all these men in my life that didn't deserve it...
god yo hear gurl!
Im okay ; and I miss you
Can't wait for the next episode...we need good tv again :
we're playing the Bayou Lounge today at 4:30!
addy  500 E.
6th street
I'll give you a massage if you study.
Thank the lord for battle rap!!!!
What ya think of the vid QoH?
Spring roll recovery plan: doctornks.
Tonight ?
Republican Congressman Tim Scott, who is a very conservative African American leader in SC is the Guest Speaker.
I gotta unfollow a few more people
glad there not chasing you
aye smell my shirt real quick , it smell dumb ,
Support your local musicians!
Marc Gasol is going to destroy Chris Paul
you can take the girl out of Baltimore but...
Meryl Streep received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1998.
The Bridges of Madison County is my favorite movie of hers.
Twins win.
Waah.
I will miss seeing kindoctord IA spirits at ias12 but will follow along digitally.
Next year in person!
Somebody thought it would be a brilliant idea to put my face on TV.
SO ridiculous.
My head looks enormous on cam.
What do you mean!?
Embrace your culture!
Wear your Clogs!
Hi Kelsey.
I emailed you an e card.
Did you get it?
MMUUAAHHH
Need,some skate or die sbs
Can a pacers fan, or anyone that follows them closer than I do, enlighten me as to how Larry Bird made better moves than getting CP3?
Lahiar why would you swing at that?
I know a lot people who have money, but no time.
I know people who have time, but no money.
don't MISS THIS Just ask me how?
Anyone got a shovel?
Tebowgottradedfor a bag of fillipino foreskins
I love Worldpeace, but that was a damn football hit
Tip: If a realtor tries to charge you....run in the other direction.
There are plenty of Realtors willing to help you for free
Auto manufacturers rumored to be testing cars made of uncooked pizza: crashes actually feel good and then you go get baked together
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand M...
that's yummy.
And I'd be there to catch him, then carry him through a crowd a la The Bodyguard.
have fun!!!
Where u headed?
Have you tried our Balsamic Glaze Chicken yet?
Come find what all of our customers are raving about!
yeah!
i'm not sure yet.
it's all up in the air lol.
Beautiful day.
20 miler today at freestate 100k, course sweeping and helping pace and bring in the last 100k'ers.
dowork!
Give employees an opportunity to discuss evaluations with their manager
did not match a single number out of 3 tickets....
is having its annual Revenue Forum.
We'll be hearing from state and local officials about how FY13 will go!
9 I think.
Worth it for iPad and iPhone.
sometimes i ask myself, Is this right?
is this what i'm doing right?
Would it affect anyone i deeply love?
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs 1.00 off 2 and 3lb buckets
Sometimes, a strange doggy coming up to you to say hi, with a stick in his mouth, is all you need for the day.
Penny Stock lovers I really see  LUSI.OB  really taking off this week.
get it NOW
WHAT UP PIMP
Damn don't RIP us.
We ain't dead!
RT : Only the good die young.
opps meant use to sing opera not see
All the problems that don't get solved at the federal, state, and local level, go to the library
How can I get involved and help the digital initiative?!?
VA commcolleges want to see broadening of how performance is measured to include careertech certificates not just AAs
RT : InfantMortality ABC All Babies Count.
Babies Should Sleeplone.
On Theiracks  In Arib
jumping on the lwn10 train.
Headed down to Tamp later this afternoon.
Which begs the question who is dumber: the politicians or the people who elect them?
Just saw a white family with an adopted black 3yr old on a leash.
Beat that.
where u at now
Jays/Tribe head into the 11th inning still tied 44 openingday treat
whatcha holding there??
I seriously had never heard of MGK before tonight.
11DAYS until i go on tour
cool!!
looks like fun :
Thanks!
He's in some really good company!
Honey, I fell for you the first time I heard you rap!
truth 21 FallForMe can't wait!
are you gona watch the Devils game 2nite?
Brodeur is a boss!
Who is ur fav player??
And test visual, aroma, predator proximity  speeds, Colony size, race, etc.
Would be fun!!
Ima kill these dudes on fedz today for cinco de mayo...
Lmfao..im sayin it in the most sarcastic way..
but I bet ppl are sayin it..
Is subway even open?
I don't even remember st pattys day..
Yeah that bad lol
How much do I love that the last song I heard on my iPod as I was finishing up at the gym was 'Closer to Fine.'
Gold teeth on a fiveyearold.
Have a seen it all now Baltimore?
Have I?
Have I?
Or is there more.....
Best day of the year...
Let the madness begin!
A large part of virtue consists in good habits.
I thought it was a pretty clean series.
No cheap hits or anything.
Some of their players made bad comments, but overall...
If that was a preview of the first round of the playoffs, I'll take it.
Also
Dear Client: I do not care about your definition of know versus know of.
Doesn't help your defense.
youain'tbillclinton
Wow I have some weird friends
MT : Most air travelers on leisure trips, take money out of country.
But airport expansion benefits airlines airport operators
Eating mexican food before boarding was a bad idea.
Has even one of these random twitter 'X player spotted on Merseyside' been verified later?
Happy Birthday Jeremy Lewit and congrats on a great first staged presentation of DDJ!
This is your year!
Rip anthony, I miss you brother.
Randomly fracturing your hand
OMG I wish someone would've warned me that zumba class was gonna be a fucking high school reunion.
That's one groupon I will be wasting 
Come see our new handmade lights!
Gene would love to pour you a cold one as you admire the lights just above your head.
Eat lunch or go for a walk??
Walk.
just took 4 big bags of clothes to the salvation army.
Purge time!
Some black people are so annoying.
A college education isn't shit without home training.
Skipped playing golf b/c I was worried my wife might go into labor....go figure, she's fine!!
Ordered the HTC HD7.
Hope its a good phone.
I couldn't play if I die young  I'm sorry  x
if you tweeted me back, it would make my day!
i love your show!:
ihitmyDougiewhen my parents actually let me do sht ...
I Can't Stop Missing You my phone new fav song it keep playing it
When a guy calls Justin Bieber gay i just want to turn and slap them in the face.
i need a girl built like a speedboat
What the
Elvis is amazing.
Special shoutout 2 an eclectic group of friends: love  success
is looking forward to having a Mexicanthemed Thanksgiving dinner with Chris  Mommy...bring out the tacos  load on the cheese, please!
Always WINNING!
RT I wonder What happens when your mom counts to 3?
Either I do what she asked in the first place or get my head knocked off
I love you for that.
Yup, go seaturkeys!
Packers!
follow me back lovebug n nbox me on fb
Proud of these PVTVers for all their hard work this year!
yayyy!
Wait, when is the first day of Spring?!!
I can't wait for the sunrise service!!
ok collier...
do 2 in one month average to one every 2 months?
gotta be proud of Pops and the squad for that big road win tonight.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform and reentry.
He's the man for the job.
Go to www.rossforsheriff.org for details
brilliantly awkward
doing some filming for a friend for a documentary on the fall of the Berlin Wall
Did you ask at the security desk?
Sometimes they move your stuff to keep it safe.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F FOG/MIST
Hate it when Scola does it and I bet Nuggets fans will KILL Galo over that gutless try.
What path are you going to Choose?
Choose wisely
Where the number three is pronounced tree
I dont believe you....
I don't hug thing with foliage.
Camo clad ppl or shrubbery.
Lol
time for frozen one to be MVP.
NOT...
Thx!
URAQT3.14!
Hope u feel better soon.
While you're home 4 the weekend we should enjoy some Constant Comment tea together.
FF to s media from Wednesdays event:  Gillian Flynn.
Awesome panel!
one egg short of the omelet
Off 2nite.
Back Fri w/my colleague It's that time again, time to raise Cash For Jazz.
Have a goodnight  a gr8 Thursday.
I don't trust my neighbors  had some that threw shit over my wall LOL
it's time to stop killing 100,000 animals each year.
Reform Wildlife Services.
improve accuracy of song categorization softwares, also very useful for softwares such as itunes.
right?
Think globally, act locally...
that's why we follow and want to connect w people of
GTFOH,Man looking chic!
Thanks Chad, I'm looking forward to the occasional good idea :
Mae West: I've been rich and I've been poor.
Believe me, rich is better.
Why we help you build effective websites not just pretty ones.
I really ought to create a press page on the site.
Huskies making me nervous...
Come on Dawgs!
TEDxABQ Rachel Prestonprinz  honor the past, make the best of what we have.
Plant trees on the south  west sides of your house
I'm going to miss you!
Don't go!
Only two days left in the studio!
: Our full length album is so close to being done!!
Thank U Bun!
Do you know this terrorist?
LAPD releases video of man who attempted to burn the Mormon Temple in Los Angeles.
Video at mormonlawyers.com
hahaha, I love Daisy!
She just needed some time to relax and stretch is all.
:
Going Fishing with my uncle :
thx sharon!
I wish the same to u :
ok ok ok, if Beiber and Gaga were to fight,, who would win???
lol I think Charlie Sheen!!!
LOL!
I wish my birthday wud've been on Monday instead of Tuesday so cudve sang me happy bday the FamilyMeeting!Oh well:
Felt good hitting Thai pads today then sparring sesh after!
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:D pretty pleeeaassse!
50
WHOTE PIECE OF TRASH
RT : Broncos not in sweepstakes for BrandonMebane, Seahawks DT too pricey for them
Marines.
A misbegotten, unethical war can turn even the most upstanding individuals into something they're not proud to be.
Disturbing.
Sad
Happy 2012 everyone!
My goal for this year is to make a kick ass web series with a girlfriend of mine and book a series!
What's yours?
Thanks so much, hun!
:
Happy Founders Day !
Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958!
yep...
Had to order a part
Thanks Peter!
I am looking forward to the gig tonight!
I'm also a good 10 years younger than the other company reps...
I've been working on platforms long enough to know that Apps are where it's at.
Having both is better though.
Open our eyes!
Bring us back to life again!
SO GOOD!
did u notice how there were practically NO cuts?!
wellthere were like 15 AT THE MOST.
i really only counted like 6.
Let's glorify him over lame, trivial stats!
RT : For the first time in his career, DWade played 40 min in game w/o a rebound.
Goodnight tweetharts!!
btw i no i spell thangs rong!!
its wat makes me, me:
If youre not on Google and want an invite, send me a msg with your email and I will invite you!
Its an amazing social media/business tool!
I only watch BecauseOfAustin 
I'm there already , don't gotta tell me twice ahah 
UR4sure RT : Or in my case b/c i want to be!
lol RT We swim because we are too SEXY for a sport that requires clothes
Not even halfway through the marking I'd hoped to do before class.
Will do it during office hours if I can.
Time for class.
THE MEANING OF BEAUTIFUL IS STAMPEDNDIVAS
Husband will be on new show to talk about 99spring.
Stay tuned....
Pizza time, um!
Double Orca all the way across the sound!
We spotted whales on Whidbey
I can't wait for August, i'm so excited to finally go to EKU.
:
Running in the morning?
I went Hot beef.
Give our office a call 858 222 8242.
We are happy to quote you a price with the international shipping too.
This day's going really good.
But I feel like something's gonna ruin it, I know it.
can't wait to see ya guys tonight.
Come down early, we'll be on deep ellum stage at six.
Kick some ass!
yeah lol well i really appreaciate it!!
Where u from?
have u seen Demi in concert?
the majority of the afternoon trying to make a music dvd almost as frustrating as trying to learn computer coding to fix my website lol
My insperations.
CarrieUnderwood and I love you all!3
Even though the Steelers haven't picked yet in the 5th round, I think he will have a lot potential.
there will always be a song in our playlist which we always skip, but never delete.
:3
Look up: Edward Ortemeir white student arrested for holding a one man sit in against racial segregation I.
chapel Hill
my grandma called me because she said that in argentina today is grand daughters day lol oh her 3
just saw it on a Broadway account.
National biketowork day is Friday May 20.
Keep an eye out to avoid
thanks for the recommendation!
We appreciate it so much!

I can't stop watching your professorle pic of justin spazzingout.
i hate my math teacher.
k.
still the best!
Mostly because this team was built to play terrible defense.
Elementary backstroke is the key...:
Yes, it was a great time, missed you guys there!
See ya later Columbus!
Hailie Jade, I love that NAME !
Now y'all decide Paul Silas shouldn't be the head coach of The Bobacts?
CartBeforeTheHorse How's that workin' out for ya?
Life on the edge,i'm dangling my feet.I tried to pay attention but attention paid me.
Lil Wayne3
Is it just me or is Herman Cain answering every big problem with First we gotta grow our economy, thats why 999
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin.
Grace Hansen
Shows inc.
110 in the Shade, Hedda, Liaisons Dangereuses, Man For All Seasons, Pal Joey, Ritz, Sunday in the Park with George, and Godot.
yes!
he never tweets...
for now.
But he should b/c I'm sure he'd entertain us all!
he's if you're interested.
I know it's depressing we'll be separated for awhile!
Not okay.
oh, maybe i'll do that tomorrow.
was it cool??
SAY THAT!: np interstellar   poking a pochantos...
in this combat that you are so mortal in FINISHHIM 
I have done it for practice.
Shouldn't be too difficult.
If I can do it.
Anyone can.
Another big missed call in World Series just now.
Can we dismiss the myth that NBA refs are so much worse than anyone else?
To err is human.
Hard to coach if you're going to have season tickets to all Badger bball games home and away for the next four to five years.
Being new to twitterhow have you kept your account protected and hack free?
I would love to hear your tips.
Thanks:
Just saw your Style Me Pretty post!
Nice work :
Helping students with presentations in Omaha at a conference.
They are doing a great job
THANKS SO MUCH HE HAS BEEN TOUCHED BY THE HAND OF GOD,STILL A WAY TO GO BUT HE IS A FIGHTER,WE PRAY FOR COMPLETE RECOVERY!
Don't forget to download your copies of the Embellish Saga Books on Kindle and Nook and other Ereaders.
All 2.99 each!
Enjoy reading!
Yes  love Newseum!
There's also the spy museum where 's sister works and I've heard is a lot of fun.
I won't try to sell you anything, but this nation owes you and your family a debt of graditude!
Thank you and your family for their service.
Playing cornhole.
I've never played before.
I have more optional guest lectures by visiting professorssors to go to than actual classes the rest of this week.
May I graduate well, and earn some honors!
Taylor's layup comes up just short, Indiana fans on their feet as Hoosiers now within 9.
RockConcert is awesome!
hey hey!
Want to help me with a new doctorwing project?
yeah I know
Pickup Line: When God made you, he was showing off
website updated oliverjmartin.com
Just finished The Season of Second Chances by Great read!
Now I want to redecorate my room...
my life.
and very good it is too
Love the update, but it is lame that some features are now being held ransom with inapp purchase.
Downcast it is!
Yes, please!
Could you come to this Wednesday at 7pm for the volunteer meeting?
Receive a Massage for 20 off this week.
www.celestialwindsmassage.com Deeptissue, swedish, therapeutic, medical, energy healing
hahaha i wish i got more than a weeks notice for it!!
taht infographic isn't 100 accurate.
That being said its still a bad bill and Obama said he'd veto it so its dead
So glad that you could make it to our morning event and !
Thanks for your continued support!
Hanging out with Leigh Ann and park almost inevitably ends in slushies and hot tub
Real men wear pink!
ruuth, i also love newgirl.
c: it's dandy..
is a three point specialist.
He has Jimmer range.
I love the Netflix/Ten Commandments suggestion.
Jodi, how come you didn't send them this idea days ago?
I will complain every day about my allergies until they are gone.
LA weather icons: sunny sunny sunny rain clouds with red lightning bolt sunny sunny sunny.
goes which today is.
Interesting.
I really notice it when I switch to my wife's ipad2.
The screen is, for me, the only big diff
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone
Studying w/ in the lounge.
Happy ?!?!
RT : In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein
Highlight for me: witnessing you geeking out over meeting John Slate!
I totally agree.
They halted this initiative at least three times that I'm aware of.
Let's cross our fingers.
you got me?
sounds great!
I'm grabbing some Ska Modus as well.
Need those hops!
its a great song!
For the Whole Holiday SpiritHoliday Season is Really About Living in the LoveCelebration Spirit Every Day of the YearBeing the Gift.
gchs and warren;
hey buddy.
come party with us chica!
Goodnight sexy mofos ;
Heh!
Actually, there's another fan in the building, so we exchanged movirs...
I'm in my 4th
is the kid for real or is he gonna flame out???
radio show tonight?
Impressive.
Workout  laundoctor on a Saturday night.
Just got back from First time there.
Great time.
i have begun using our site for committee meetings asynchronously.
rt : Oh, I like it a little burnt.
No, you don't.
You just suck at making food.
We love Mardi Gras in LA, but why why why do our kids have to have a week off of school
I am so sad for tonight.
Hope there's more coffee where that came from, them.
Do you have plans for Sunday?
We need to create the life we want, with strong positive feelings, into the Matrix of God.
So the Colts basically traded Peyton Manning for doctorw Stanton...
Pls.
ask followers to change password due to hacking.
Some may have logged in to the fake Twitter login page  shared password
I love spamming people lol.
happy birthday boo, i love you3
: forte's out for the game.
running backs HAVE to hold out, man.
it's really that simple.
very true!
Many thanx to for hosting the candidates night
Guys will always be able to make girls cry but if a girl can make a guy cry she must really mean something to him.
This will be a knockdown doctorgout campaign by Pres Obama and the Liberals.
They are fighting for their political lives
Man my stomach is killing me
Due tomorrow.
Do tomorrow
He's just reminding the rest of us who really deserves to worship them!
You were right, you totally blew it up tonight babe!
:
yes and you met Michael!
You should come to his free events
NBA Lovers  Chicago Bulls is hosting Washington Wizards tonight at the United Center.
Get the game tickets NOW by calling at: 8884930004
yeah Lil brah same number as always right
RT : I'm down for the One Music Fest this year!!!!
Tix go on sale tomorrow!
: cc
lol...for real.
But I mean she's just excited.
Maybe she'll make it.
5 more days , watch this be the longest 5 days of the entire school year
i didn't say that
I know, been too long.
What's good in your corner this week?
Tori, sorry I missed the teleconference had to work.
will try and catch the next one.
i have court tomorrow and it pretty much sucks.
Don't miss the Padoctors Rally this weekend at the Otay Ranch Town Center; and stop by to check out our booth, well be giving away goodies!
RomanticHorseNames Lion Heart, Fran's Valentine
If WWE built some1 to take center stage at Wmania  put them under to Cena only to say wait for the bigger picture Id feel the same way
God's plan for us is often NOT what we expect.
If we lived 2000 yrs ago, we may not have expected our Savior to be born in a barn
RT : Bostonians, go see Jane!
RT : is here at 7pm with the debut of her new memoir, Double Time!
all the knicks fans i know are really just melo/ tyson fans.
and i respect that.
because im really just a lebron fan.
but all you liars.
smh
You must consistently work out to achieve your ultimate goal
Don't even joke...
ha!
After three beers hoot becomes huit.
really if you want to fight im almost 17 you can fight me not a 14 year old when ur 17 and a fat b .
I love how Jason Whitlock's background says White people think I'm racist.
People who read your Lin tweet think that.
Been watching CSI.
What a fun show.
Not believable in any respect.
No sugar with homemade coconut milk added is how I doctornk coffee
happy birthday/feliz cumpleanos to to you jazzy jeef...may u have many more blessed ones..: 
This season is brutal!
I love it....
Lol
Dang it,i forgot my youtube password and i just created it yesterday!!!:D
Lol really funny!
I wish I got wrong number texts like that!!
I'll do a new one titties
Tell me about it.
Imagine how us oldies feel.
People who smile a lot may be the ones who cry alone when no one is around.
Jeremy Lin is the biggest thing in NY since Kevin Maas
Okay day at work, and got to kick it with the Mista.
Overall great day
My expectations couldn't possibly be higher.
feel better!
of course
Getting ready for the mister Spring 2012!
Attending the meeting?
Stop by our booth : visit our website to see all titles on display.
you're always welcome!
; how are you
In lunch listening once again to the funny thing dani, tony and Wally talk about : aha funny friends
never!!!!!!!
You're my one and only!
cant wait to see the liars kick butt!!
:D
Yeah Baby ...
reading that AustinPowers 4 is in the works ...
Shout out to my twc peeps in marketing!!
Nice cm
for some reason I want a nickname for myself and something bold and sexy:
Jared is going pro..
He announced it a couple weeks ago.
great work.
Just watched it.
A very strong message.
still hasn't noticed me!:' le cries
please follow and let her know that i sent yu to follow her!
she openend for cody nov.
19th 2011 and is amazing!
Just looked down and realized there's glitter all over me
Fade me so I know its real.
sonic ice is my favorite ice
I was gonna tweet a bit of lyrics from 'No Bullshit' but i thought that might be a little inappropriate...lol
just starting on twitter and glad i got plaintxt as a user name
Hey!
We're looking for educators to test a new product development from DM or email for deets
If LA plays OKC, I'll be glad to put on a Lakers foam finger.
thank you for this tweet!
NoKidHungry!
Happy birthday, Kate Hudson!
its all thanks to misterI am just a keeper of the karma
Nice meeting you at keep it that 100 ur whole career and ur gonna do it big bruh
Ha, yup.
Its like a damn Home Depot in there.
damn...
But in front of your casaa come on now you can't slip like dat unless das your own cribbo !!
;
did you get wordpress figured out?
will be at Red Eyes Coffee 4164 N Lincoln Ave tonight with Rep.
Ann Williams from 68
Smh, I got three invites  one balloon for each ;P ha, that would be funny.
Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
Listening to Bossie Father God I've been betrayed..
my favorite song..Free Bossie :
I won't be able to see your blog tv for 2 weeks because I'm going on a trip ..
Its really depressing :
you completely unscatter me.
what a lovely sentiment!
getting stronger everyday!
Courage does not always roar.
Sometimes it is a quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow.
Mary Anne Radmacher
Isn't it something the way that strong emotion usually brings out the best in inspiration  creativity!
this is me, except for three months running now, and the offending word is digitization instead of subscription
Ay, the things I learn on Twitter.
:
Grant with the Mammoth's 14th goal of the night.
1412 with 721 left in regulation.
i wave my finger at pretty girls all day long
At least then after that she started eating light.
Oh same here!
As much as I eat, people would be worry.
Lol!
I asked for coffee...15 minutes ago...when I just asked for a status update, he told me he was prewetting the filter.
When are we ever gonna chill
Getting ready for our pingpong tourney...
Bring it on !
Congrats for MVP!
Sweetheart lift your head high don't allow any man to step on your pride.
Yes...Come on down.
If you've got a kid that needs something to do this summer, come to the GVP CampFair  Eastview Mall  let's talk
Oh No   We finished Season 1 of Downton Abbey off Netflix!
Do you watch is live or have super secret access?
Happy Father's Day to us dads!
NO HANDS
new design looks awesome!
Two thumbs!!
Melias decent.
Used to be a Renaissance.
Area is kind of quiet/dead though.
You may be better off staying in midtown.
New Jersey doctorve soundtrack
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
bab were gonna watch this!
Your so funny man!
looks like you'll be opening up the UM / ULI real estate forum tmw.
Good luck!
Good nachos can be healthy!
by head chef/summer job in high school.
Not be the best advice, but one I cling to the most :
My little baby girl is doin' all sorts of baby talk now.......and she's sayin' DADA !!!!
Hey, instead of watching the wire, come on out to a real school and meet with kids and teachers?
We are creating our story.
The tattoo artist called me hardcore because I fell asleep while getting my side done.
You are very welcome!
:
S/o to my nigga he in dis bitch to
Where did my Maybach go?
Lookin super adorable in my new outfit!
:
My English professorssor was introduced to the phrase totes jelly in class and is now using it consistently.
up to all CraigFans...He's in the kitchen working on Kate's birthdaycake.
Photos of my MetroCakeBaker 's progress to come today.
Getting pedis with my daughter then date night at Del Frisco's to celebrate 16th wedding anniversary.
No no no no worst episode ever like how can that happen she was suppose to be with Damon not Stephen ,I hate this
Dad: idk if that's cool anymore.
Justin: we don't say cool we say coral
Massive lip syncing malfunction going on...
Not sure I feel any better having all this info re: loubridge.
Pretty sure I feel worse.
Today my husband sent me a pic of his aunt's newborn kittens and then told me I couldn't have one.
Welcome back to campus, Panthers!
Who's excited about the spring 2012 semester?
Somedays I swear life is like a sitcom
Everyone keeps saying think outside the box but I didn't know there was a box
Hey there man, doing good.
Trying to keep life fun and fruitful.
Yourself?
RT : Lets not also forget that lGaddafi regime has killed thousands since 1969 coup.
I never wanted to debated you, or earn ur respect.
I only wanted to tell u ur thoughts on the Gonzo matter were/are stupid
I'm probably going to sound dumb but Wth is a VOXER ?!
Haha
are there any better alternatives for the online thing?
Really useful explanation and code examples, Bess!
I thought we were all working on fixing that by having everyone relocate to NYC?
...but the current LGBT debate among Christians is happening in largely digital texts.
How will historians access  write about it in 2112?
ay you still gotta ear fetish???
Thank god Wikipedia is back!
Having to push ESC to access historical background info for Scott's Waverley was killing me.
She Like The Way....I Stay In A...RalphLaurenCollar!!
Tonight on Conan, Apple chose my show to introduce their revolutionary new product to separate fools from their money
font hate the player, hate my Rita's!
It's gonna be bad news for the bears Sunday.
I'm a sucker for mob wives.
Very high brow.
a nigga gotta pay u 2 answer da phone
At the idol watching party at the Tavern
What does it say about me that I have been with organizations that embraced 4 of the fads.
I think fb has a very different function than twitter.
Good Luck at School everyone!!!!!
Agreed.
Thought you were a very believable War Horse.
RT : For the 34th straight year I've been snubbed by Oscar.
I need a reliable seamstress or tailor in downtown Chicago  any recs?!?
InNOut in Santee vote from Santee City Council: 31 with Dale voting no
Argh!
Had to look it up.
Never seen Gone in 60 Seconds!
the portion of the male population actually having sex would appreciate it you stopped talking about this issue.
Thanks
my dog is so confused by frogs.
he'll stand there  bark at them until they move and he'll jump when they do.
silly boy.
lol i'm not that funny i know, so wazzup?
:
doctor appointment, dentist appointment, eye doctor appointment z
Great networking event in downtown Indy tonight.
Then at Kilroy's for doctornks and their famous stuffed breadsticks.
Delicious.
i bet snooki's favorite super hero is the hulk cause hes got dat giant pickle
What a wonderfulistic morning filled with glitter fairies and sparkling clouds!
Good Morning Peeps!
3
and you ?
Give Your Heart a Break
Let's go!
Got class right now but you know imma be streaming the game live
true story.
Just a lazy mans doctorve.
Good morning beautiful people!
Hope your day is filled with success and lots of determination!!
Peace out library.
You're depressing on such a gorgeous day.
me either
doctorpped triplets off for 4th grade field trip to find 3 luxury buses to doctorve them.
Yellow school buses not good enough for 10 year olds?!
The comments by the creepers are the best
Kind of wondering how they decide the Oscar seating chart  must be a nightmare!
i like whatnot
m'gann cosplay is topnotch!
right on.
aw!
I'll miss you!
These hands are vicious, try me
.
Im wearinq HOLLISTER' foe Easter w/ sum converse !
Yay!
Sorry!!
Just followed.
Hope you are having a good day!!
My diet starts today.
And you will never see another team work as hard as we will for the rest of my career!
CountryIsBetterThanRap because the lyrics mean way more.
And have other words besides nigga, bitch, and sex.
nwpam11 sitting beside and simultaneously tweeting
Mahalo Mari!
I love it!
I will be getting off Internet in a little while and taking your sound advice!
:
I'll just say this; God bless moms.
Watching underworld awakening again:
Oops, forgot to turn my swag off.
My bad !
Pretty sure, when it comes to legs, Carrie Underwood is the Tina Turner of country music.
Grad school is giving me gray hairs.
So I'll be a grayhaired lady just in time for becoming a librarian.
GM Tweetietadpoles, its time for you to grow and leap, or should i say hump into Wednesday.
Be great in all you do.
Blessings.
And David Cassidy is 61!
Astonishing!
It's hilarious that Louisville/Indiana fans live vicariously thru UK.
I guess you have to with only 7 championships COMBINED.
i cant wait to get all of this metal out of my mouth.
I WAS KILLING TEMPLE RUN TODAY!
!!!!!
M homemade egg Mcmuffins!
So much better than Mcdonalds!
A3 Also, in my communities, I like to highlight knowledgeable people.
I can't answer this, but so and so knows this subject
So much love for 'john kramer' it's unreal..
its bad when the sound guy shuts off your mic and the guy who books the show turns off your amp.
shithagansays I've never said reckon' before
hi all
Thanks for being part of making the Downtown Greenway Opening so special.
Look forward to seeing you soon at Hand to Hand!!
Congrats to our new/old friends at : New name, new office, new awards!
Proud to have developed their
I used to work for a stunt production company.
That fight scene was lame.
thanks cookie!
Love you!
Make it a great day ;
When and where?
I'd love to come.
Have my tickets already for sky blue home game.
Go sky blue!!!
A brand for a company is just like a reputation for any person.
You gain name by attempting to do tough things effectively.
iGetRealMadWhen you leave the toilet seat up!
RT I'm so ready for these opportunities to come a knocking.!
Ready to peace out on Milwaukee.!!!
are they confusing you with someone's mom?
aw that sucks!
Sucks living without a phone.
:/
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me?
RT Soy un perdidor
Christopher Plummer about time

marypoppins is such a master manipulator it's called managing upwards disneysunday life lessons 4 MtIda ladies
BREEZE 's Tonight with Carl Harper on the Covered RooftopNice!!.
Find your way there now for Happy Hour!!
Hell to the yeah!
iv followed u you since I was 10 now im 26 can u follw me this time ...lol whats good
hey are you in south beach tonight?
Lmao!
Fighting with Demi Haters makes me horny.
excellent  thanks!
ha
Live is so good
hey what's up
Just went on a great casting hopefully the results will make me happy ;
Work hard now play hard later.....yeah ok
The Sun never says to the Earth, You owe me.
Look what happens with a love like that, it lights the whole sky.
Hafiz
Memphis is No.
3 for highest airfares  Memphis Commercial Appeal
New fresh salads start today .
There great!
I would love to see some PigsInWigs!
The guy played 19 GAMES as a DI quarterback.
19.
Is that a good sample size?
hey, i have as many followers as i do tweeted tweets!
neato.
it's my golden twitter birthday.
still holding at 13
Plus, would love to see the twitter battle between and
You know what kills me?
Weapons.
thank you and same to you.
The Sun will come out one day.
You are such a tweeter.
Bad..
meaning good.
wait lol how did u know my name is olivia??
Creepin lol jk and u know my nick name lol
The Jackson 5 is on heavy rotation on my iPod.
You have great taste in music.
Thanks for the follow!
:
Have a great day at work.
thats what makes a market.
we might both win, I am swinging
please follow me I love you!:
you do!
I just bought two new shirts, I love them!
YES, next time!
four shirts left of this printing!
be the ones to order the last few!
DM us if you want to know the available sizes/colors :
completely agree :
my hair color is fading fading awaay
CA Business face higher costs but have many benefits..2 biggest are skill of workforce, access to capital.
CABudget cuts are killing both.
This week is going by so slow.....
haha, okay.
Sunday at 11 Pacific it is  Shoot me an email with your Skype screen name!
Ay, Dont It Seem Like Im Always There When It Matters But Missing Most Of The Other Time Is A Terrible Pattern
Thtmomentwhen u walk into the dentist and tht guy from public school just stares.
U make it seem like youve nvr seen a private school person
dude you twitter more than anyone I know.
What is it, like 30,000 tweets.
Lol
Amanda and I booked a commercial together, today!
Very cool.
get ready for a cold front..it is only in the mid 50s in Chicago today...comingyourway!
I don't know why but I love anchor tattoos.
I don't tweet like I used to, but when I do, I'm doctornking a Dos Equis.
Hi Gabe  hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity.
Can you DM me an email addoctorss or phone ?
Trey
Super scary!
Im hiding under my covers.
RT : Ah San Francisco!
This big thunder  lighting is scary.
:/
RT : Static HTML gives you two options: what fans see, what potential fans see.
um, excuse you.
i have other peeps.
Apparently my creative writing class liked my story.
Fitting for the Buffet Capital of the World LOL
Enjoyed your highlynuanced analysis of Canadian football  health care this morning.
Please repeat it for the Cablination.
not tonight girl!
But have fun!
I'll see u soon :
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
261
The Age Discrimination in Employment Act says you can't discriminate against applicants or employees older than 40 because of their age
Happy Passover and Easter everyone.
Hope you all had a great holiday.
Woo!
Congrats!
I can't wait to listen.
Great coverage of from !
Love the design from Sahco and Uppercase
Randall Cobb  quite impressive
Done and done!
Why does rain bring out the grumpy in people?!
I don't use swipe!
I ain't about that life!
Is that right?
I planned on going to that show.
Don't have tix yet.
haha we're glad :
congrats once again for winning Bay Area DMC...2012 is a big year for Sol Rising!
You're wrong.
Painted finger nails are the best.
The more colors I can wear on my body at once, the better!
;
Who knew that my heart could ever bruise?
Just lemme get in my zone
He said ...I can't get enough!
Smh lol ima get his ass rite RT : so I said I was gne write yu on twitter cause ya cousin evan cme nd gt a ...
Do you book your next appointment while you're at the salon?
Or do you wait until later to call?
Im Not Your Boyfriend Baby by 3OH!3 is a good song
Definitely...with observations like these and the pics to go with, I am so glad to have made your acquaintance.
Good thoughts to you.
promise we got better...
and I won't hit you with the golf club this time
U are welcome, precious S!
FF RT'd Me TY

in Atlanta, GA who lived a full and rich life, and set the GOLD standard for us ALL.
Our conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute/sponsor : RT
Shocking....Stokes chooses Tennessee.
i DONT hate i just strongly DISLIKE!
Unleike what your probably used to, I don't believe everything I hear, and surely not gullable..Goodday
RT : Thanks to for inviting us to health care affinity panel!
Great discussion on Medicaid  HCR in
Lmao my mom is such a heat up!
Motivated seeing the g40 Rva painters
going to renew tomorrow morning.
u might cuss me out but IKR
GC Tip: Your photos MUST look like you.
If we book you  the client can't recognize you, that's BAD and GC won't hire you again.
Tomorrow the world.
Beginning Today Sat May 12th HTSSS12 tickets will be available as well as participating Fiesta Marts  locations!
RT
What sorts of things are you looking for in Boston?

a Legislature based on spite  hatred.
If they didn't like someone they wouldn't pass a bill  funniest thing you ever heard.
no save ur money they suck
I don't want to jinx anything but Preseason has been going very well....
TopShelfBets.com
Lol you're not forever alone, you're only fifteen.
...
your images and that scene are amazing!
Difficult to find words to describe that location.
Thanks for the share!
Happy Mother's Day
At JFK preparing to board flt to Boston.
Looking forwrd to the AIP focus grp at ALA Midwinter!
Neck's slipped disc was feeling better 'til I loaded 880lb bags.
Anyone strength train/lift w/ same issue?
Scared to make it worse.
f you!!
Sometimes you gotta bend over lmbo
I FEEL EXCELLENT THIS MORNING LIKE UNSTOPPABLE OR SOMETHING :
my laptop hates me.
it better decide to turn on and work before friday because my paper is saved on there!
This is so easy it's stupid.
Watch out for Butch.
That is a heck of a crew cut.
something about sec.
leon pannetta just looks shifty to me!
don't know what, but just shifty.
always has since clinton's administration.
Watching this nuggets  lakers game.....
your tweets make me giggle.
c:
Q4: Has an PC been to the top of Everest and to the moon?
I know they've been to the top of Everest.
great planning meeting for ravencrest 2012!
so excited to be on the committee.
I celebrated earthday by leaving my car, mower and snow blower running all day while burning my garbage in a fire pit.
If nothing ever changed, there would be no butterflies
just copped the sufi tshirt, happy to support transcendental digitalism!
can't wait to play with the plugs
When my dad tries to turn my country music down in the car  
wont be a problem...
lol...
said i took steps needed, right?
;
So happy my SU student Alexis Sadoti will be home for the holidays
Sacramento isn't too bad.
I'm thinking of moving though.
Maybe silicon valley or Monterey
As the second half of America Now and Here Kansas City unfolds, we'd like to look back  see what fond memories fans have made.
don't worry even if Sid is cleared he won't be playing in the pens home opener

what would be the possible usage for this???
nope.
I figured what the heck.
Ya know I REALLY like Princeton ShoppingCenter  even like its RiteAid Rx BUT rottentomato for charging FULL price on2 clearance items!!!
Maybe we'll make a vlog.
Any questions?
:P
my bad, I love Tha Coolest nigga with his extra cool ass.!
: Only 7 months to go!
You stare at Chinese symbols?!
Whatever it takes to get me through til next season!
You should only go to one conference a year and it's AZEC11
lol....
no it's not...
me and her are always going at it, she's like my bestfriend foreal....
but she knows I love her
I want someone new to talk to.
OMG WHY CANT CHER COME TO DC??
:
It'd be cool to have that as a kind of antipiracy tool builtin
YOUR WORLD IS NOT WORTHY FOR ME NOW THAT I BREACH YOUR TABLES HERE IS YOUR INFORMATION ?
SIT AT MY TABLE
Ozzie Guillen as coach of NFL Europe's Frankfurt Galaxy: I love Adolf Hitler.
He survived so many assassination attempts.
haha.
You said, head job.
;
I will never forget our near death experience with shimmer lip gloss...I won't take it out on you again
TO THE LLAMA, TO THE WALL
Let's go oregon state beat the huskies lol.
Knitworking.
Today 4:306 in Bistro 151.
Wearing bright red jacket!
Bring business card and win some fiber.
Thanks!
We are planning to add more deals and function soon!
Keep watching me:
Just wanna hang
Agreed cant wait!!
lol im the nanny every day
Coming out to LA in late July.
How bout taking your little angel to
beautiful!
Where is this?
are you here at sxsw?
How are you?
I'm on 4th floor of ACC room 18 waiting for keynote
Dear WTF with the following limit??
I've had this account for 3 years.
Seriously?
It's so annoying!!!
it can't be lol
I want to play a lacrosse game.
So bad
I love mindless behaviors song Girls talkin bout
I been on one lately
Great pictures for a loving family.
God bless you guys.
How have you gotten yourself motivated?
Have you tried joining a local running club and enjoying a race?
Mark Walhberg's new movie Contraband comes out today.
If you see it consider posting a review via QWiPS and share with friends!
Getty.
Love that place.
thanks for the mention : have a great day!
You better mind your buisness boy, shut your mouth.
Dear T.
Boone and Two Okla.
Senators Whose Names I Don't Know: FIX IT!!!
are you naming your child pizzathehut in memory of fat dan green?
i hope so!!!!
how is the new job coming...
im not staying here for the summer my dad told my mom no lol
hot choc car bomb  redhead on tues
let mhe borrow call of duty tonight
jst got done wit my hair.
Look nice too.
;
Just helped a lost doggie get back to her owner...
Even though they didn't yet know she was missing...
Thx for debate  gotta run!
m i had chix wings talked about how much i loce chix thighs though lol
nice going to pick on up
mac bots are almost as obnoxious as Scientology bots.
HEART YOU TOO!
running postWindows Installer configuration timing actions is a progress bar i'm actually waiting on right now.
Pretty much
i wanna egg roll !
for real?
take a picture gorl c:
Bussin it back to nyc after a great furthur show in AC.
Could go for some bathtub gin.
Bus doesn't have air or BR, WTF.
Thanks again for your excellent presentation yesterday on HBCU Internationalization NAFEONATION make sure to follow him!
FA SHO...
RT : ugh I kno  money comes first
Even harder to believe that in 4 weeks to the day I will be flying to San Francisco.
That is incredible!!!!
Looking forward to your thoughts.
4/7: First Commonwealth is hosting a wine tasting event  the Wine Loft to benefit Go Red for Women.
Email for tickets
The Proposal Monica amp Kyle  boating kayaking
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Great!
Glad to hear you are enjoying it!
haha that was in Spanish I just realizes.
Good job huffer
I have two words for you....
MAINSTREAM GLOBAL BOOM!!
okay..thats three!!
I was so excited that I got to meet Roxy!
And yay for friends of friends!
Reference work is knowing plus imagination.
Random thought: Do they still make Fiddle Faddle?
and you know this...
LOL RT!:  AND JUST THEN I SAW A LIGHT FROM ABOVE..NAW MY MISTAKE THAT WAS HIS FIST LOL the wood!
STOP 2ND TIME
So, uh, which dead philosophers should I follow on Twitter?
Red suit, sugar plum, evergreen, candy apple.
What do these have in common?
There all Christmas colors in our paint wheel.
Let us show you.
Thank you martha burke RT : One great thing about the Masters: ZERO stupid, fucking nonsensical, shitty, unfunny commercials.
hi thank you for the follow i 3 u!!!
I will indeed, Kristine!
I guess that person wants a blow job from the heroin addict.
this week comin!!
School Tour.
EVERYBODY IS A FUCKTARD!?
That is all...
good bye!!
Looking forward to presentation about her Haiti project!
Can't wait to see it!
Come check it out.
thinking about you all time, wait a message from you and note that it's not reciprocal :
Call backs kicked my ass but sure felt good to dance again!!
welcome home!
Follow my new account  ask me for a follow back!
Thanks
Girls at the office just asked me what's wrong with the toilet.
Won't stop running.
I don't know.
I fix teeth.
Clueless about toilets.
Following in the pace car RT always knew you had a lead foot...or is doctorving?
Rooting for a close gamewhen your team is playing a Big Game...
You should want a BLOWOUT!!!
When a girl says: I'm cold., don't be stupid  say me too.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If a prisoner is behind in child support, the government can seize his or her commissary account.
Im threw fuckin wit yo no good ass
Wisconsin and Michigan I need yall to REPRESENT!!!
special thanks to my friends over at Alternative Addiction for featuring The Colony on their website!
Lol this is so funny
Hmm, I'm over it all, now that my gurl's gone.
Thanks hun!!
: I'm down for any time you wanna go
Words make you think a thought.
Music makes you feel a feeling.
A song makes you feel a thought.
Divine fire would be good!
Boiler off.
Air conditioner on.
Chicago frigid May.
Bring on the Divine Fire!!!
how do I acquire as much knowledge as this man has?
okay.
Not fair.
Hahaha hate you.
So today was a super fun day :D
i didn't really want your number, your friend looks better anyway
That's actually a pretty good idea!
Eatin in the waffle house right now....everyone is so country!
Parma Mayor Dean DePiero just spoke to my budget class.
Great chance for students to interact with elected official.
Thanks!
what was that website where you get free samples ?
Ok, I just discovered today is Keith Haring's birthday.
And it's funny because I was wondering why his work was posted on Goggle's homepage.
Kuroda takes on familiar opponent in Darvish  Error
I'm gunna take that as referring to the sausage I made for breakfast yesterday morning...
hahaha
agreed.
: Maryland should be flagged and penalized 3pts for those hideous uniforms.
NCAA gotta get this under control
TAKE NOTES GUYS THE TIME IS 9:45PM
was that a dare?
Ain't got but a few ends/ way fewer friends and even less time to spend/ma/ so fk wit me the long way/ the strong kill the heartache...
...
Adam Clayton annoys me.
I think your amazingly talented your gonna go far even if it's not in music.
Your song 11:11 is still my favorite song.
Actually, is correct.
Ongoing use of oDesk is my decision.
Long term relationships are key, as is ability to grow skills.
Still looking 4 suggestions on getting cash 4 startup when U don't qualify 4 loan.Your suggestions R greatly appreciated.
my babies are doing good being that they are around all these big ass dogs
you know whats crazy everyone ;D PIMP ME
If they have delivery in Culver City, Calif., SIGN ME UP!!
and im leaving for johnnys
I'm reading Miss Peregrine right now and I'm loving it too!!
Great concept!
I'll Let you on a Little Secret..
I am
RT : Deserves a RT and follow!
: As a member of Aftra and SAGI'm voting YES for one union!...
Kids' Valentine's Day parties were a success!
Sorry I couldn't make it.
Please don't hate yourself.
You are worthy of the highest love from yourself and others.
Please believe us.
:
Shyt Brian won't send it to me.
Hit him up maybe he will send it to u
it won't let me follow you!
You: Sorry I got a bad report card Mom, its probably because the stress that has been going around, Its common u know.
Mom: Then why don'...
In your stream, you will see the posts of people who've added you to circles, even if you don't add them to your circles.
I urge you, first of all, to pray for all people.
Ask God to help them; intercede on their behalf, and give thanks for them.
1 Timothy 2:1
I want to taste your cunt
time travel: the one thing I really wanted and didn't get.
That's my homeawayfromhome!
So we'll split it.
You buy the first 2 rounds, I buy the next 2...
S/o to for following us.
You ladies are such an inspiration.
Much love.
Thank you!
At work on my grind money is to be made
it was ur stupid fault for going on the plane
It just may be.
Get it?
May be?
May?
The month?
No?
and i hate you rt now lol have fun
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowners biggest fear.
Your house will sit too long on the market.
It sounds
when you're not with me
Study hall today I think ..
1/2 price martinis and food by Chef Jake Brenchley tonight at The Scholars Inn!!
Plz rt
I know I'm watching too much Friday Night Lights when I start to tutor in a Texan accent.
:
There are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before.
W.
Cather
I saw Etheridge years ago and she plays a FANTASTIC show.
Grace Potter is awesome.
Pink Martini always rocks.
Love me?
Great.
Hate me?
Even better.
Think I'm ugly?
Don't look at me.
Don't know me?
Don't judge me.
Think you know me?
You have no idea.
Dices, que soy imperfecta.......
So my twitter is being deleted, im done with unnecessary doctorma that it is causing my relationship.
33
we love you too!
After last night, my spanish is coming out with a russian accent.
Next will probably be british.
Laying here talking to
hello friend.
:
We are a Go for Date Night!
And now I must clean my house  stock up on snacks to please the 14 yo babysitter.
WEDNESDAY I MEET FRIDAY I GO FOR MY LICENCE WISH ME LUCK!!
Then Seeing the neurologist in June for my next surgery .
she lacks the life skills I have
Vary your workouts!
An overdeveloped set of muscles could lead to injury since stronger body parts overcompensate for weaker parts.
Folding laundoctor while I break in my new heels.
If only I had Turk to do it for me
He asked a lot of good questions :
Another story of people jumping the gun and inferring things that simply aren't true.
Sports analysts will never learn!!!
BraunNowBo!
Got high faiths my RRFR mixtape gone see over 1,000 downloads again.
Would be great to repeat InDueTime's 8,000...!!
Obsession was thick!!!
I've created automated log ons to all those sites.
Viral doesn't mean free.
In the marketing space nothing is free.
Waiting on call backs.
Way to go generators!!!
done.
RT : Detroit's reckless Dline aggression requires a LB like Tulloch behind it or you get the Eagles.
I'll die then, thanks..
six alarms between the two of us and neither of us got up on time
Protip: Choose Creator.
; RT : In every moment you have the choice to be a victim or a creator.
Grownup Simba is hot.
There, I said it.
RT : BlueFriday RT this message by 10am and one random RTer will win an Justin Forsett autographed minihelmet!
Go Seahawks!
boom!
Frustration of bacon smell with no bacon AND a huge mess to cleanup
Glad I'm off 2dayz :
The mechanic at the oil change place couldn't figure out how to start my car.
Haha.
Gotta love keyless ignition!
You got bugs?
I got none!
CC
Thank you for the pretty music!
I miss you!
Please come here!
And bring and with you.
lets get this music on the radio!
if you wear glasses only as an accessory, you need to stop.
yeah I shop way too much most of my money is on clothes I can't help it I love to shop!!!
Oh, oh, and Ms.
Spalding also covers MJ's Can't Help It which, I'm realizing, is quickly become the most oftcovered standard in jazz
From the window to the wall!
Dayo
YES RHODES REGAINS THE TITLE
Hahaha you made me laugh.
Going to Casa Azteca tonight on a bus!
The number seven is a sign of rebirth like being born again
good thinking.
Might as well Get Paid while I'm at it.
tnx I mean job search,social, b2b leads,connecting others to make things happen for them, group associations,3rd party intros?
This time next month will be exam week!
What a beautiful day!!
Our awesome back patio is open!!
Great people watching!!
S/o to the people who put their business on twitter but always upset that someones in their business
It is your martini shot!
Great work this season :
u started that hashtag not me.
I just wanted it to have a little more substance to it.
Fat boy.
Watching the Final 4 and sympathizing with UConn and Butler.
Classic case of performance anxiety that many musicians experience.
Cheer both!
In Italian class I'm supposedly Chinese and my middle name is Lee
No game means not watching Tex AB positive RT : I'm guessing 95 chance of precipitation in Baltimore at 7 p.m.
isn't good.
thanks for thinkin of me

iLoveMyMomBecause she held me down playing best friend, mom and dad.
its okay :p but ill miss tacobell tho :'/
I'd like to thank all the visitors I've been getting to my store!
3
Thanks for the ReTweet!
See you at the M Bar tonight at 10 PM!
:
Today is National Womens Check Up Day.
Take the pledge to schedule regular checkups, and encourage other women to do the same....
Pretty much have to mute the MLB Playoffs because of this stupid Written In the Stars song that they play incessantly.
We don't!
I love them but the landlord won't!
Library peeps!
I need a catchy title for a career panel featuring archivists, conservators and spec.
libr., to entice students.
Ideas?
Going to watch the Thunder game at my dads house!
Thunderup :
The right thing starts at the beginning of the day, not after you've been caught.
John Crichton, Farscape
Listen kid you're not the only one who can yell incomprehensible gibberish at the top of your lungs on this flight here watch
Whatever then, it's cool.
so hows it Going
no it wasnt u sounded great with all of ur songs :
I'm stupid.
I will exit your life if you abuse my time.
eeekk I'm bored
And, happy graduation.
I'm excited for you and proud of you.
:
Just kidding I will never h8 Paola, shes my precious friend.
3
RT It's amazing how much better something tastes w/ just a lil bit of seasoning.
I wish they had a fantasy team for politicians and they could score it by biggest words used and most promises and sex scandels
Chris Brown needs to be mine already...
Don't think the rabbits didn't.
I'll be there April 1215th...let's meet up!
Coffee or the park?
Wonder Twin Teachers Activate.
For evil!
Thanks for your involvement  support, Sharon!
Our kids must have learned well from your classes.
:
keep ignoring my texts and watch what's going to happen!
Where my homie at!
I'm looking at getting that apartment real soon.
FYI hah
Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze.
Amanda Cross
I don't think I can go a day without saying Justin's name lol
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
really?!
..
Do a MG in central park one day!
Then you could play a few songs and attract a crowd.
RT : Students: nFusion is looking for smart, digitallysavvy creative interns for the summer.
Wanna make something cool?
DM me.
My boyfriend or whatever ya wanna call it trippin.
Hardcore dance off with hahahahaha
God is doctorwing the people you need but the people you have are killing them.
LT: I will make my decision at the end of the inning
Don't forget to check user reviews on Yelp, tripadvisor, Google, and Yahoo frequently.
Don't be afraid to respond!
Watching thevoice even though my girl juliet simms isn't on ...
raelynn is kicking ass though!
I Think Im Gonna Get My Belly Button Pierced On My Birthday Hm
Same damn time just came on.
I could t help but laugh and think of him, at the same damn time lol
Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place
Today only happens once so make it count!!!!!
lol you'll get used to it fast, its not hard
in general...
When a girl is silent, it's dangerous.
She's either about to blow up, needs a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
Missing puck doctorp!
is one of favorite preachers!
Not bad at al...
thank you for showing everyone what you're suppose to do when a position player is pitching!
why we can't go to the matinee lol
POLL: Do I tweet too many pictures of food?
A: No.
B: No, you don't tweet enough!
Losing followers but what ever i guess.
Does anything compare to MarchMadness??
Go GREEN!
I'd see if you could get Harding
Thanks to our friend for an insightful and engaging webinar on 1to1tech.
We'll have the recording available soon!
RT if you are a Chicago Dancer!
lol i'm tired.
let me go to bedd
OT w/o any sprinklers going off on the field.
Looks like IDOL and FOX local news will be tape delayed
JuniorSeau ????
SAY iT AiNT SO  so sad :
bring me a chunk!!!
Dirty glacier water adds years to your life and makes you fertile.
Awwwhh!
Kay, we're cool for now, Wizard.
:
and no I am not, but if that changes u will be among first 2 know RT : WTH!
are you getting married?
stop talking in tongues!
looking forward to your tweets!
If you or any of your customers lock their keys in their car, call us!
We'll get there fast
The deepest learning takes place in the deepest relationships.
Bout to go to sleep..
That was such an exciting game!
SO GLAD to know that we won't face the Steelers again this season!
So glad the GOOD GUY won
Try the coffee at tropical cafe in echo park.
Celtics won na I got some to brag about at work in the am lol
haha.
Well apparently I was so out of it yesterday I put it back in the wrong doctorwer so the mystery has been solved.
;
Heading home for thanksgiving!
I need your help guys!
I wanna get to 500 followers LETS MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Love U All!
xoxo
Love or Hate: Running in the rain?
But oh at least we know that if we die, we lived with passion.
Love how Alex Russo always does things wrong :' WizardsOfWaverlyPlace is amazing can't get bored of it ;
Watched RJ Berger...
LILY WENT CRAZZZYYYY!
that was so good.
an cant wait til the new season of Fantasy Factory : so excited
Been on my grind so I can Shine
Agree RT!!!!!: i need to be a doctorg dealer !
Byron Mullens has established new career highs in scoring the past two times he has played the Bucks.
At nodesummit?
Look for us at lunch if you want to node for a freshly funded rocket startup!
you take it easy now babe
An aside from vital Twitter topics: We got a new practice space doctorerase board!
Must be how Metallica felt when Lou Reed joined the band.
Don't lie, no you don't.
Not a true fan of classic incense sticks?
We'll forgive you..
Check out all our Gonesh smokeless product!
They make great holiday gifts!...
I'll definitely let you know when we have invites available!
thanks!!
Don't forget to check us out , www.StMongooseEnt.com
Just opened my swag from last nite's newgirl party  thanks for the goodies!
The bag is super handy  styling too.
Can't wait for the show!
Gonna Win
Meeting this morning with an attorney that wants to
You're a son of a bitch
Tsukiji fish market auctioneers are like dancers!
Huuge tunas!
Why should we?
HAPPY YANKEES OPENINGS DAY, MY LOVES!!!
It'sthemostwonderfultimeoftheyear
Anyone that knows the dudes in we practice 2 houses down from them :
ABOUT TO
if it's an underwear video, all is forgiven!
2013 Jaguar XJ Ultimate  An Ultraluxury Sedan With A Hand Crafted Interior
I'm a fan.
The nachos are KILLER
I was just described as an, Impatient little Cheech and Chong.
One quarter left , LetsGoHEAT !
President Fischbach says 57 amendments remaining.
Take 1 down, pass it around, 56 amendments on the desk...
Today's gonna be a good day, I sense it;
Just finished a concert at Sacandaga Bible Camp and sat on the beach at the lake.
So beautiful here!
Kingsville last night.
God is good!
was wondering why I got a Facebook friend request.
Mexicans would not approve of a Chilean lunch.
well it will be THLD.
2 companies in article tomorrow, the other, shush!
part 2 of hitting the jackpot with bio pharm
that's why I love her so much!
She gets my style ;
most def!
Good to see you too!
I love the mural!
Be a person that gives quietly.
Don't blow your trumpet in the streets to call attention to your acts of charity.
digging the service but would dig it more if I was wearing that free tshirt you promised me :
To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Buddha
I think madaboutit should be a trending topic.
Could get funny
There are some things in life that you'll just never stop thinking about.
don't retweet me u fake!!!
Face down.
Ass up.
That's the way I like to..
SLEEP.
Rise.
Walk.
Meditate.
Breakfast.
Close email and Twitter.
Work.
community and 30 rock never caught my attention.
I watch sometimes but eh LMAO maybe one day
My Ok Go!
station on Pandora has morphed into a 1999 hits playlist.
Vive la Y100!
our friendly WMP pool is assigned  you are my doctorw!
1st place prize, set of Michigan Bib Overalls.
Please don't disappoint.
You are a pure genius, Grays Anatomy is one of my favorite can't miss shows but Scandal is by far your best work yet
text me back woman!
Dices' date has a BAD weave on!!
Sorry,I am with Dice
oh that one is fab!
doctoroling!
REMEMBER: Headache puppy does not approve the repettive refreshing
i don't care anymore you can think what you want and go ahead and say what you want but remember i was there for you when no one else was.
Ginger tea.
Addicted to piercings
Lueke has learned much, but he is not a Jedi yet.
Council member Isaac Benton says there would only be a 12 month delay if public decides Paseo I25 funding.
Mayor says much longer.
RT: : How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!
Maya Angelou
LOL!
But I'm 10 minutes into I and I'm on the hook.
So happy Rocky learned how to read and speak in public.
Leaving Sunday on business/holiday trip.
BeijingShanghaiXi'anHanzhongHefeiYellow MountainWuhanBeijing.
I hope 3 wks is enough time.
No way!
thats what I like to hear.
Il be putting in a lot of work this summer.
and contacting some music labels in USA and Europe
What is the hardest  interview question you've had to answer?
Assessments and auditions are DONE.
right the shot gun wedding!
Sitting outside of Manpower?
Individuals with strong EI recognize that they cannot react to time, they must see time as a resource and manage it effectively.
3 Teens in court today for the WoodburnHighSchool fire  BrentWeisberg with more
ALERT: Whoa!
Too harsh!
RT : DPS officers posted outside ready to impound unregistered bikes can go kill themselves.
i'll blush from cyberspace.
and give whoever is in the studio a big kiss for me.
from SF, that is.
It's time for our annual staff training!
We'll be checking email/voicemail and will get back to you in 48 hours.
shhh big booty judy
I just need somebody to love 
that'd be a pool of lime flavored jello followed by a shower of cherry jello shots
y'all niggas need to start fuckin wit da southside I got y'all
I want them bad in 2012 :
I think I've got 25,000 in my inbox
First up 2nite ChuckD, IceT concert then our middleofnowhere party w Times have really changed at the dance!
Fingers crossed that the day stays rain free for our client's wedding today!
Won't catch me chasing a nigga trust mines gone b trying see where I'm at
I wish i could spend valentinesday with my boyfriend.
This lady is a boo
: It's better to pray 5 minutes in faith than an hour in unbelief.
Give yourself for Christmas the gift of renewed health and weight loss.
Make extra 200 500 p' /wk.
Contact me.
she said ew but she'll still come cause its sunset
I love you Seev 3 Come to Arizona please :
what's conditioner?
IU is shooting 58, let me repeat 58!!
And they are losing!
you can....
Click on the small arrow at the top of people's status updates  you can hide them!
Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything.
Just lie down or sit in a chair and RELAX
It's awesome.
Try the chicken nachos.
my ten yr old.
who will be 11 in 11 days..sigh...doctorma
But hey I gotta accept the reality
IL models need to be revamped to include 'desire for info on the move' Competencybased models not inclusive enough
Ugh.
One kid is finally getting over the flu  the other seems to be getting it.
Karen!
I'm so sorry we didn't connect yesterday!
I hope everything is going well for you.
Was looking fwd to catching up!
do you work tomorrow??
My mom and I emailed each other at the same time.
Mine said omg woke up w puffy eyes, im fugly.
Hers said u must take a passport pic today
thanks much!
get rid of cable tv...use Hulu and other online and mobile devices
gasp What is that from?!
Basketballwives Royce father is right...
Stop having all those different dudes around your son and grow up...
There will be if I don't get more support for Jerry Kramer for Pro Football Hall of Fame jerrykramer4hof :
You live and learn.
Everyone makes mistakes, the only thing to do now is to move on  better urself.
Focus on the present and not the past.
Haven't heard back from you guys, how long does one typically wait for a response?
Lmao that nigga is uglier than the forever alone guy xD
Today needs to go by fast
The Love Guru and Pizza 
Sugar free Red Bulls on me  RT : damn, if I wasn't so tired I'd come support!
Hey what you doing
Doesn't really matter what we do.
There's gotta be one good way to know.
If what we're doing works we can do it night by night.
Whens the BAOmobile stopping by your messenger service?
Good job tonight mediating the F2F meeting!
I can tell its gonna be fun working with you!
Yep!
Feel free to take the month off, if you'd like!
FF welcome  thx for the mentions this week!
also get their own tweet because I also didn't forget them.
Got all morning in the studio.
What could be better?
TY 4 Follow.
How are you?
chillen are u single
Everyone enjoy your spring break!!!!
Hmm..
I may have to rethink my carrear path now.
I was never into programing for the money..
Boehner got a lot of news coverage yesterday, so, as a nation, we are about to suffer.
Call it code orange.
wow twitter just lost tweets at least 5 of mine..
YAY!
RT: k I'm writing
RT : excited to be on letterman tonight with the extremely inspiring !!!
please you tube his incredible speech
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary
Recognizing unemployment one of major problems in global cities, eliminate infrastructure barriers through Internet
Terri's Tuesday Tweets!
Transform 2012  25 off the early bird price use code TTT25 mpsconference.com
i'm will be ok just have to figure things out
Boy oh boy!
If feels like a Wednesday!
u lucky that u can do this for i would love to go ahead and do what u do but no company and no real good place in md
The best thing about my job is my chair rolls and spins lol Jp again
Genealogy What does this mean?
Agnes Cummins, infant, by Robt Cummins, her next friend, vs.
John Rutherford.Br.Promise.Writ, 21st Aug1790
let then be!
Thank you, my diligent twitter friends, for a quick save!
I'm so fed up with everyone around me.
The collective consciousness that lessens the risk of injury in exercise, improves functionality and enhances quality of life...
nice bounce back game by jeanmar
Grab some Mad Mushroom cheese sticks for me!
: RT : On my way to Bloomington!
wow so what you expect me to do
Giving away a free donut to the first 10 people who enjoy their coffee and donut inhouse before work, while studying, or passing time.
1DPerfectPerformance trend it :
So apparently aimed to outdo in the contest of Utterly RIDICULOUS Magazine Covers.
Oh look, it's a tie!
YouShouldNever mess with a Mahomie.
I love Justin and have since day 1 but.
Come on..Beliebers can be rude to other fanbases.
haha not wyoming, just the dog ugly bitches ;
Greeted by a francophone architect at FedEx Caught me off guard, how nice!; Bienvenue à Atlanta!
We've had a Roku for awhile so I never bothered.
But I want the new one now.
I can't get this question out of my head...nor can I come up with a reasonable answer.
I'm very lucky.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook Everything now.
Armstrong: X15 was designed to fly fast and hot, but not high
my name is ashleigh
One of us will be hurt, and clearly its not you.
Confused a photo of Giovanna Battaglia for one of Diane von Furstenberg just now  wondered briefly DO I EVEN REALLY DESERVE TO BREATHE??
Everybody not yo friend some like u for u or sum like to tawk bout u rs
Thanks for the follow.
Will be using Klout to help sort a list of librarians by influence.
it does help but if you don't do a slow increase you will plateau faster with less results
Thats as much as I will say in twitter.
I left you a VM Mike call me Ill go into details.
Garett also was ditched.
haha!
They do look so good!
Enjoy your special day!
Seems like the kind of day for a Queen marathon, no?
Thanks!!!
Send me an email  let me know what you are doing.
It's so nice to hear that your usfpr degree is paying off!!
Ima thug, I'm a real thug I shot tupac
Tell me what you're considering  curriculum?
wear floaties...
these eyes are deep!!!
Did anybody know blind people can text on the phone?
That's what I said!
raw10 with being a standup comic, I try to find Humor in everything.
But there is not a Damn thing funny abt all the Trayvon Martins'.
YEE okay, is there a deadline for it to be done by?
I could get it ready for tomorrow or tuesday!:
Yes!
For 15/yr, we'll get free admission, free school field trips  maintain DIA's legacy for our childoctorn.
It's all the roach ...
ahem ...
doo doo, Deepak.
i barley get on this shit
Costco withh momma
Especially considering the Eagles had a deal on the table with the Lions last summer for 2011 3rd and 2012 2nd
a little nostalgia for the countryside feeling today  pandora app and sun by the pool for some rr
Now I just need steak bites to go with those
Why do Danny Granger and Paul George fabor each other
Make me not wanna come on twitter when doesn't tweet for more then 24 hours :
CanIBeHonestWithYou I like bad boys..tattoos, piercings, scene/emo hair, and in a band...
:p
Style with a conscience!
socent ethical fashion popup this weekend in NYC at benefiting
: When someone really loves you, they don't have to say it, you can always know it by the way they treat you.
When your Beautiful, you need nothing/no one to make you feel good on the inside or out!
You stand in confident in who you are, as you are
Anyone want to see Joe Rogan with me Friday night in Pasadena?
Ticks are 20
2 weekends left observing my lion pride.
Bittersweet ending as coincides w/ going back 2 school.
how you've changed my life!
We open and close doors everyday in our lives, based on the choices we make.
Trust in the fact that everything happens for a reason.
Jst got backk from my interview: hopefully I get Tunis job
you are welcome!
Happy Friday!
RT : True freedom is not needing to be someone special in other people's eyes.
You are lovable  can be accepted.
1 John 4:912
you are a true
it's great the people you can meet in nyc airports!
great buyer and store/site too.
hope we can be friends!
Bo has never cared what the national media has said about him or his program in the past.
Why should he change his tune now?
Why are people turning on Bobby??
He didn't kill her!
DAMN PEOPLE!
think me  Rhiannon are gonna come visit you!!
OWS can be discredited when corps get involved since it is a citizen uprising Greenpeace is treading carefully to get involved
I'll give it a swift one!
RT D Scott, PhD Can you kick LaNina in the  on it's way out for me?
:
What do you think I should get your mom for Mother's Day?
call me a bitch again
Thanks for having us  had a great time with all of you rising PR stars!
Going out for lunch looking like a doll
You need to figure out what you love,and place yourself according to that, or you're going to end up miserable no matter what city you're in
That sounds great!
oh my gosh, this is why I love you :' 3
Today is the filing deadline for Q1 in Florida.
We will have an analysis later today.
Stay tuned!
Founder of  has no problem answering any questions or takings of suggestions..
We live 2bring forth a better LIFE!!
We are having a blast!
:
she is here
RT And the award for Movie With the Most Nominations that Noone Ever Saw goes to Hugo
happy halloween!
Its me mums bday!
will you go to my high school prom with me in june?
Do like bottle or doctorft beer better, ?
That awkward moment when you're trying to get champagne hookups at a party and your mom walks up telling you to go home
Now it is hard to even get Vincent to notice me anymore.
He did a long time ago, but I forgot I take screen shots.
Sadly...
:
We hope so, though it's not certain!
Thanks for your interest!
I heard we're riding next week!
Happy Hour has begun!!!
Join us from 46pm for 1/2 price sushi!
20 min and our Sunday is gone ;
Swimming in the pool is like running on a treadmill...Boring.
Can't wait for open water swimming!
Choose your words wisely.
They can never be UNheard.
If variety is the spice of life, mastery is its crack.
just like you
Tell them to punch theirself 8 timesRT : The worst UofL fan I know just hit me with get over it, the season is over.
we do!!
lol
Eyelid movies.
i dont think it was overhyped.
it was just a trade of two below average guys.
those happen all the time.
we've always known the music industry is full of the devil, haven't we?
Doug said Turner would start the rest of the year!
Liar and he has ruined Turner!!!!
Outrageous!
I'm bored out of my mind!
: I think before moves him and should make a cool morning 3!
Going to stop working for tonight and just signing off, thought I would say goodnight to my fellow twitters.
GOodniGhT everyone...
Everything is temporary.
It's more to make you feel like you're not alone...
gangsta party stove on my waste cook yo ass up gourmet lol
The Love is Amazing ...
oh wow, congrats man!
My backyard smells like funnel cakes and BBQ.
There might be a faint smell of stale beer also.
Ah is only once a year!
awesome!
Wish I could be out there to see!
Glad your playing and have fun!!!
Is so bored.
Taking care of Angel and watching Monsters Inc
holy balls are you going!?!!!
what is the name of the city?
or town
Happy Valentines Day :
Hair did!
weird..
you already peer edited mine!
Bryan Cranston...
That is all.
Good morning...
I can't help where I'm shingles at
We can help evaluate your mom's condition.
many of the conditions can easily be treated.
Time to check out your posture...
or check out our Posture Shirts...
If you use people, you only limit yourself to their discretion.
RT : Now if we only had a mountain to ski on tomorrow, this would be the greatest blizzard ever.
Already in a bad mood.
Just watched the Avengers movie trailer  Man, did I love that comic as a kid!!!
you guys were amazing: forever
Glad u enjoyed!
Who hijacked it from my FB?
LOL
Off to the park with these rug rats.
Just because it comes in ur size does NOT mean buy it
With your New Addition Bobby Brown button on your sleeve...
Lift up your shoulders towards your ears.
Breathe in deeply.
Then release on the exhale.
More like they're too lazy to go out and take their own damn pictures.
a little girl said that when she saw selena she was gonna kill and her father said no and justim felt bad.....
Thank you for the follow!
Happy Friday  Jo
Admit it, when a guy gives you a compliment you automatically think he is into you.
Happy Belated B Day Bonita!!!!!
It's killing me, swear I never cried so much cause I never knew love would hurt this fucking bad; The worst pain that I ever had
Well if atleats gets out I hpe the spurs stay in.
UKnoUrPrioritiesAreFuckUp when u wearing Gucci and ur car beat up
Out on Newbury Street in Boston with friends!!
I want to say today couldn't possibly get worse, but I fear what might happen.
I really need some sleep.
Did you know?...Milwaukee has a sustainability department.
doctorve with Ryan Gosling...
tonight.
Media screening.
I'm excited!
Looking for hat trick from ether blue or red team
You guys are open to the public, right?
Just directed a member of the public there..
Somewhere tpaw is thinking  and I got out of 2012 race coz I lost to Bachmann.
Worst decision in politics or saved my dignity?
Whomever coined the phrase DO NOT attempt to do EVERYTHING yourself, you silly bastard is a straight genius!
And I'm a stubborn fool.
It's saturday..
I don't have any reason to be up.
Yet I am at 7 am 
Take deep breath, girl...it'll be alright!
ITS VERY VERY IMPORTENT, ARE YOU GIVING A KONZERT ON THE 24th FEBUARY IN MUNICH ....
??????
MUCHLOVE
Hahah nice!
so good!
Thanks for the mention!
Thnx Chris.
Have an awesome  productive weekend!
My Top 5 Favorite Trip Hop/Ambient Groups Of AllTime: 1.
Portishead 2.
Puscifer 3.
Massive Attack 4.
Tricky 5.
How to Destroy Angels
Free Sat morning?
NoEntry Zone Eased Around Japan Plant Wall Street Journal Families with childoctorn, a group most vulnerable to radiationrelated damage,...
Aries Moon sext.
Jupiter, conj.
Venus: A great day for taking action!
Shop, clean, take a hike, snowboard, socialize, put yourself out there
Lol I just don't talk to people my own age anymore.
Don't take it so personally..
TheDylanHolland   he's Roberto.
Kay?:
Memorial Mall with my sisters.
I know its not friday but our favorite follower is
Life sucks
What a great American Folklore Society meeting in Bloomington, IN  kudos to the AFS11 staff and organizing team for a meeting well done.
doctoram on bozo!
x
: Ugh...the offseason.
I'll miss listening to 's calls on the radio, the band, the excitement You could take up golf
Some people just can't be helped.
Exercise in the 'now'.
MindFirstFitness.
jesus christ i love movie musicals
In Chicago.
On a plane.
Listening to LSU/Arkansas
will win this and it won't count and it stinks!
And I didn't think she should be on the world team but now, she's just wow!
For serious?
I miss you so much :/
Does anyone know why the American Historical Association is not holding an annual meeting this year?
It's ironic that my love for bibimbap and a capella did not happen simultaneously.
Fortunately, being a big dork is a constant in my life.
that's why we have opinions, but i do pay attention.
i'm just not a fan, if i see change then i'll think differently
thanks all
What's going on with you, Catrina?
Guy: you remind me of my big toe!Girl: why?Guy: Cause I am gonna bang on a piece of furniture in my house!
Beat LA
Thanks!
We're going going to do some iterating on it next week, to track removals, too.
Happy to share how.
Lol I love how justin is literally the sweetest guy on the world.
Like he's one of a kind guy.
hey meg u wntd to watch transformers rite?
Thank you, Tadd!
not watching your Ducks?
Don't let life just happen to you!
Create a Life Plan to make life happen for you!
the consequenses that i've rendered, ive gone  fucked things up again
I had a really good time last night :
Got a Blubbie tshirt for my birthday from Lookin' slick!
Is there a free shitter n here?!
I need to shit wily willy bad
It's official!
Friend and I just signed our lease!
Hardwood floors, granite countertops, and a rooftop deck.
Good on ya mate, get your arse here then.
Good times to be had indeed!
Great story this a.m.
about taking calls on air about RG3 Friday night
Chillin on my way to philly soon
new aaron tv technologies.
stay tuned.
Loved all those tweets asking who Paul McCartney is.
Well ...
I'm still waiting for the answer.
That's cuz my tramp stamp is on my arm!
He is lucky to be married to her!!!!
Ray Lewis is 250 lbs, and Mayweather is 145ish and that's all 250 coming at you vs a portion of the 145
ps it looks like some bad stuff might be headed through your area soon, stay safe bb!
Hahaha mom just about threw up with the doctornk i made.
Apparently 1 shot to a can of coke is too much for her.
I always want what I can't have.
And it sucks!
on the phone :3333
email please
You're in my FB friends.
Are you following here?
Good Morning Benjamin it's about that time, wake all ya buddies up, we gettin back to the money
a monkey
I like when you're patronizing in the right way.
Free cancer and vision screenings for homeless vets today at Military Museum in Old Sac.
woah ;o !
Thanks anyways:
: Done!
Had no idea you were on twitter.
I would kill for some of your duck mole right about now
under that argument nobody in baseball would ever sell because the money will always be more
I sit in a cubicle during the day and try to take pilates
You might have her but I have her heart
whitney houston hits playing tonite...Playing thru the NIGHT!
Get it together, girl.
This little piggy limped 26.2.
We can't agree!
He's been awesome with said posture.
how much for the 35mm copy after the screening?
This is my absolute favorite movie of all time please consider :
I want some

He loves you when: Missing u is his hobby, caring for u is his job, making you happy is his duty,  loving you is his life.
SO TRUE!
RT : It's all good stuff.
Half of it I think I need.
The charging station and doctoring rack might be purchased here soon.
I think it's hilarious how much the staff at this Davanni's hate each other  how much they don't even hide it.
Have him or her send a resume to and we will do our best!
You really need some lotion
crazy...
Just stopped dating someone bc he thought it was too much to walk around car..
Men in my life said he can't be trusted
Austiinnnnnn!
Feels like you haven't tweeted in years;o
Danielle he is strong hopefully he will wake up they say surgery went well but his brain tumour isn't right
You think well, of him.
RT : Hereafter, when I think of gangrenous rot, I'll always think of Steve Doocy.
Something in that simple song just gets right to my core.
Thanks for sharing!
Lepore says democratic playing field leads to seeming incivility  more people participate not only the polite classes participate
thanks  i'm hoping it provides a good workshop structure for a new book project
Awesome!
Thanks so much and glad you enjoyed it!
Support Live Music Ya'll!!
Buy CDs  tees while you're there.
Makes the world go round  round.
: Ive gotten so much out of the DVDs and newsletters.
Now to make it to event.
Great to hear!
Hope u make it!
I haven't been this happy just because of a movie in a long time.
I'm still crying.
And I may regret Tweeting tomorrow.
Oh hello headache.
I've missed you.
I'm not sure if you're hangover or vaccine related but please let me die in peace
I didn't realize that was him at first.
So hard to identify him when he doesn't have a wifebeater on
hey folks check out
Seismic setback  the building appears to need more than we can afford to give.
New idea has us considering new construction  are we crazy?
Nothing you could ever do or say could fix this.
It's almost time to pick a page from the Great Big Toys R Us Book  win all of the toys on it!!
Kristin Burns
My first house in the recall signatures was in the boonies, old personalized plate that said guns on shed wow, got signature
Ahh..
gotta love comin in to 1st period after a 3day weekend with the words Timed Writing on the board.
Lmfao that was a half asleep high af kinda tweet.
;
Listening to Gene Harris Quartet In A Mellow Tone from Live In London...
One of the swinginest things I have EVER heard
Glad to hear it!
See you then!
If you have a runsaving defensive SS, and you put him out there everyday even though he has no bat, he saves runs in big spots.
Am I wrong?
u goin to summer school?
I am to get my hair like his now....
Huge fan.
why aren't you talking about the fact that inside kicks go away to leaving no chance for comebacks late in games!
Is there a hashtag archive of the MLA elit readings/performance?
yep I'm going to sleep now
TIPUP!
Exactly a week from today gajskxisnsyuaksnfkeoetatatagrnwk!
/: it's late here and I wanna sleep but if Austream will be today I wanna see it!
:D
There are TONS of things that secretly bother me
Shaun!
ugh how come our texting always gets messed up?
:
Help our new intern reach his 100th follower!
Why am I awake????
Bro.
Frisner touched and inspired so many.
He is with the ancestors.
Ashe.
Dear PRSSA friends: RT :...
for those who LOVE the 99 Problems Tumblr, the comedic brilliance is on Twitter.
No red jerseys around the hoop when Ohio State puts the ball up
2man league on Monday night!
Time to sign up for some fun.
All new format and great prizes.
call for info 6082444325
Great!
I hope you enjoy it.
Would love to get your opinion when you finish.
Pam cooking spray will doctor finger nail polish
to the name doctorpping scumbag: i don't care who you've worked with.
you probably annoyed them as much as you did my band tonight
28 voter turnout in Madison, slightly lower than statewide turnout prediction of 35.
thanks for the FF love, have a great weekend!
Tomek Design brings you zenBUNS.
Social marketing, a great way to use the web.
What do you like about social marketing?
I'd rather hide behind these walls, pretending I don't care at all.
Cute designs at Officeport this Friday reminded us of our old friend Milk, and of course Coffee and TV from our old friends, Blur.
So tired can't even finish this sent...
I have always liked listening to Tribe 8.
Thanks for following me back!
:

hey man!
I've been trying to find the link for the Dance Dept subscriptions going forward.
Can you point me in the direction?
Oh no
's new song BOYFRIEND is now out 3 :D
100 gift card?
That's a oneway ticket to margarita paradise!
re:new taps.
I second but also suggest one or two belgians: St.Bernardus, La Chouffe, Malheur
2 Shows officially booked in the next month!!!!
Stay tuned!!
I wrote all my songs :
And if you have any problems, please let me know.
As the owner, I am very concerned about complying with allergies and intolerances
Just did the electric slide to wake my self up :
1The experience 2the food
nerf guns are awesome!
I have a whole box full.
We boys play with them at work.
Including my boss!
Hahaha.
BecauseItsFriday its the weekend!
Right back at ya sweetie.
Enjoy!
Ok.
Which is good  or ?
I'm really irritated right now..
bbrunch12 It's only Banner after someone cries.
Who will it be?
looks like took his site down...
Was there an offer he couldn't refuse involved?
Great meeting with BR Uncorked founders about an Inherit event in May!
Should be really fun.
My neck is killing me...
At first I thought it was a stiff neck from sleeping on it wrong...now I'm not so sure..
it being day 3 of this..
Best way to get ready for doctorg??
Listen to and HotCouture...
Bitch got it stuck in my head
Summer come soon I can't take school much longer.
Most companies plan budget for a year ahead  that doesn't work for socialmedia  Have to move budgets around quickly
Lazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth
Loco 148 use to be on the UP lines I see, according to some research just conducted by using Google.
Wish I could go!
Alas.
you know you wanna follow me

you too beautiful!
i dont let that little prince anywhere near my doctornk....or food.
This is some classy shit in here
sounds fun :
I concur!
Been cooking Passover's greates hits with mom and sister all day.
I am quite jealous.
What class?
Did you know that the tallest skyscraper in Miami is the 789 foot tall Four Seasons Hotel  Tower via
why?
this gotta be funny..

the sun but we need the rain 
I'm not trynna go anywhere.
Packers will play better D on this field in Feb.
than the Badgers are tonight.
omg i dont mean to be noisy but i saw wat yuur gf send to yuhh : thats rude/sad thing to tell a girl:'
we had so many years we should have been in the super bowl.
Lots of painful memories.
4th and 26...
cool,did u hear somethin u like
what's wrong ?
cause the lions suck!!!!!
Writing a new intro for TMHF2.
Any suggestions on what we should do?
: Thanks!
Hope your week is wonderful.
:
Haikus are 5/7/5 syllables, brah RT : Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me Monte
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com come watch all the live hockey games here just register and enjoy your favorite teams play thanks.
Are you familiar with the play BEIRUT?
It is a love story written in the heart of the AIDS epidemic in NYC.
I'm producing it...
Affirm: I am trying my best, I acknowledge my best work today.
All accidental : Accidental or onpurpose sightings?
We are one order away from 1000 orders on !
Who will be number 1000?
You'd be so much cuter if u didn't have a rapists Mustache thing goin on
Spending Christmas with the family in Illinois.
We have no snow but there is good food and fun with the nieces.
Are you on the KobeSystem yet?
no problem!
Happy 2012!
Florence and the machine at radio city!
I agree, I think ignores fits our school.
We are a 1to1 middle sch, I do a unit with a school in TX, not encouraged or noticed
I love public transportation.
I feel like I'm really helping the environment when I ride it.
And I just saw Speed.
Work is a lot better when I'm leaving at 930 to go see and the take the series vs the Reds.
: Thank you for the nice compliment!
How is the luxury dog business/
wait, who wants another unit?
Naked male or transit police.
Joshua is going home!!!
WTH?????
TRAFFIC  CRASH WB Belt  Whitney Way  2 cars, out of traffic, delays
Don't be an accomplice in your own demise...
Judy Hale is in Denver Wed.
eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates  more.
The public is welcome; small .
www.ispifrc.org
doesn't stand a chance against Three Lines of Coke.
Our email is or you can come to our store 1237 Santee street Los Angeles CA, 90015
Who doesn't have an open bar at their wedding?!?!
WHY wouldn't you??
: Let's go New Mexico State!!!!!
typical
Thanks.
It was weird to be happy and sad most of last week.
me to
Transforming Education Through Digital Learning by Meri Robinson  Christina Jerome is one of 60 breakout sessions at
I'd say do it, just in case that this is a doctoram as well.
I have seen Leonardo Dicaprio running around alot lately.
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on
It's goin down tomorrow nite at Southport Hall!!!
9pm doors
Yes it is your in great company.
Some people I know some I need to reach out too.
Again, Congrats!!
Purchase at any IHOP and do the survey on the receipt and get a free Short Stack next visit.
y was it down?
In honor of the December 9 announcement, I'm going fullon playlist for the afternoon.
Come in this weekend to see the new Fall
Libbie/Grove sidewalk sale Sat.
Feb 26.
Books of all kinds for 1!
one day we're gonna have to plan a night for you to stay over.
I'll rent Gears of War 3 and we can beat the coop overnight
: When my cat says, love me, you doctorp the computer and love him up.
lifewithcats oh my god!
Me too!
while you doing god knows what in atlanta
Hiebers keeps ecofriendly by recycling paper  plastic, using energy efficient lighting and more!
www.hiebers.com
Oh yea, don't forget the bass pro shop hat.
I need that
MarinersRed Sox Preview
Happy Valentine's Day!
We're doing something a little different w/the dedications you sent in!
They'll be randomly played throughout
Thanks to those who came and supported at our first show!
Very small crowd due to conflicts with other events but we had a great time!
Diaw starting for Spurs.
Must have earned the starting job 4 reducing his pregame meal from a supersized meal to a regular meal
Have anyone overcome a social barrier?
Mountaineers need to score a TD!
Now!
Oscar Time!
is gifting handmade pottery earrings to celebrities Oscars GBKOscarsLounge via
It's Thursday another day to make dat money n I gotta pay a dam ticket fukers o well I make enough to pay dat shyt
Just downloaded our 1st unlimited access ebook onto mid.school FollettShelf!
Lost in a River of Grass  IA Teen nominee.
Whirlwind 24 hours.
hi emily!
You have a, library job yet?
it is a good one.
Xxo happy mothers day Pam.
Had to give my dog a bath!
Now she is all clean and doctor, while i'm wet and soggy.
Thanks for shaking on me, love.
I already knew it was a chonga voice before I read it was.
I know you so well :
I am so bored
Damn I've been M I A, cause I'm on my J O B.
RT if you relate.
the only Elf thats worth twetting about is Dobby!!!
i wish i had a friend like him
So many people just lit up right now
No he is one from my youtube channel.
Loved the ambiance!
So comfy and delicious food too!
I could stay for hours!
i love you im your bigest fan
You made the alumni section!
What are your thoughts on the recognition from
lmao it ain't that bad in da D!!!
Is Ramses at the party?
shoutout to c:
I'm delivering to a McDonald's right now,I was pissed that there doctorvethru opened at 5am on a Sunday
Hahaha, your face is priceless.
:P
we look at your social footprint.
MT Looking for a job?
Make sure LinkedIn professorle is up to date!
Some don't take resumes.
Used a cheap nailpolish and now my fingernails are yellow!
Too much pigment or bad quality??
Could be a mixture, Quality is key.
Forget the BigGame the biggest thing next weekend is the Big Bash for the Bambino Feb 4 in Detroit 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Mark your calendars!
B.Smith Restaurant is sponsoring our event for our fundoctoriser on September 14 th 2009!
See our website for more info!
w
Where's my Thursday night?
I don't just want it, I need it.
Think of a number 1 through 10.
Double it, Subtract 1, add 20, multiply it by 5, add 2, divide by 2, close your eyes, dark, isn't it?
and congrats on ur masters :
I'm engaged!
same here.
Well if you just logg out and push create and account.
You dont need email confirmation.
RT : Congratulation to bones for fighting like a true champion tonight good job champ
the raised court.
I Got All The Black Bitches Mad Cause My Main Bitch Vanilla .
Watching Pretty In Pink in the closed Circuit City parking lot in Silver Lake was glorious.
Thanks and Sonja.
i could never ever be a teacher
Men like there women secure and comfortable in her own skin
what's wring with them!?:
That nigga did his mf thang last night...my girl damn near peed on her self!!!
Ha!
I agree.
do we get a dm?
A3 sbchat British Open biggest mktg winner  Ireland golf tourism
Matt Kemp and Josh Hamiltion...
Unreal.
Straight killing the ball
Am I being punked or do I really just have the world record for getting stood up??
At least it's a good laugh w/my friends!
I would love to see him sneeze midsentence
Rise and shine back on my grind MAC
My apartment?
Are you referring to 80/20?
Please come to Houston and Hudson...
we have an ice cream hungry office
So, my first round doctorft was essentially: 1.5  David Wilson, 1.8  S.
Bradford/J.
Baldwin, 1.12  I.
Pead
So excited to have joining us in our studio this afternoon!
Well, I may have something for but they wouldn't believe me.
So sad.
Whitneycnn Let the Church Say Amen By Andoctoré Crouch
Would you rather tun through sticker bushes naked or not see your mom for a month?
lol I'm bored
Well to my city whatcha think?
I have a present that I am gonna give to u via
Just let me muh fuckin love you
I never really know A killer from a savior 'Til I break at the bend
Alwayslate participant?
Arrange room to minimize distractions, start on time with something of value, set ground rules.
Pike and Arch
thanks for the shout out!
thingsihate the receptionist in the medical office waiting room asks you why you're there in earshot of everyone.
Not your business!!
Thanks for the retweet, come visit soon!
nytm Using technology to solve real world problems.
Love.
Thanks for the RT, !
Hope to see you on September 11th!
On our way to the Los Angeles Zoo.
Never been, so looking forward to it.
Gonna take lots of pictures so John can redoctorw and put on istock.
I've been given 6 amazing  insane months.
That beard was there with me every step of the way.
I actually saluted it when it was over.
Sorry, I'e been away so long.
Office move nearly complete and off to New Zealand in 1 week!
Iam a peoples person:
that made me chuckle:
woops my mistake.
What u got going this weekend?
Hope you're doing well, it's supposed to be a nice day
lets get u back in here:.
doctoroling over a fellow train passenger's Gigantic Origami Gift Set.
And, usually, that is just so the civil rights abusers can get away with being scofflaws and evading civil rights laws.
The BoSox have some serious issues.
nods Also, he's a public official, she's a constituent.
She doesn't owe him admiration.
Good grief.
I read your post  sighed, took another sip of my coffee.
Love my guy who golfs, guitars  skateboards!
No chaos.
I wonder if the tendency for guys to call other guys, of whom the know relatively little, brother began with Hulk Hogan.
On the train heading into the city, eating bread pudding and listening to Ray of Light.
All is well with the world.
Thanks!
We'll check it out
yeah that hurts.
not only wisconsinite, but tribe member
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
That awkward moment when you learn something and it suddenly appears everywhere for a few days afterward
what do you call a Bear with no teeth?
A Guuuuummmmyyyy Bear Ha you so silly
Music video on the way, who would love to see that?
RAY ALLEN MISSES A FREE THROW WITH LESS THAN 10 secs!!!
Really??
Ah, okay then.
The awesome business people Walker is talking about are obviously both of my roommates.
Can two people win one award?
No?
They should.
: You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it doctormatically.
Love On Top!!!!
If you want a great tan...
55 Off at U Tan through dealoria.com.
This is the last week of Major League Lacrosse regular season, playoffs start soon.
Washington Bayhawks still fighting for a berth
RobDyrdek you just made my day hahaha so funny
why should someone pay for something that goes against their morals?
RT : Al Sharpton RT : Teddy Roosevelt RT : Who was the nigga in the 1st fight that got knocked out?
I so prefer XTina pre Honey Bake.
but still a cutey...at least thats what the girls say
Carl McIntyre collection contains correspondence from fans.
marac s17 I love letters like that!
Looking Foward to our Performance Showcase Tonight at 8pm!
go after it!
: Early start!
HUGE meetings in Boston!
bringit
I want to watch Battleship!
In my time away from Portland I've lost the ability to distinguish men with lumberjack beards from each other.
I apologize in advance.
Forcing myself outa bed
as in do, make it happen!
look at the girl in front of the camera...
Hahaha
hey your call.
Anytime
doctorConrad Murray should get jail time,to send a message to these Money Hungry Doctors in Hollywood.
doctor Murray is simply a doctorg dealer!!
Who watched Ms.
Basia Quartz on youtube?
Good is what is not .
Creativity, what this generation seems to be lacking.
HOSA Banquet was fun last night : I only wish it didn't have to end early :/
you're almost with 5,000 followers: let's go Adam!
Never give up!
:D we Love u so much!
Y THAT SEXY MAN UR ICON?!
Lol you're adorable too sweets :
Oh my gosh i love that song !
Awesome :
What's up tweets?
Been away a few days, Hope everyone is OK Big weekend coming up!
funny you say that considering half of your tweets in the months of march and april were about me.
Suffice to say J.
Kaplan  A.
Winslow finished off the Freud Explosion by reading from a ridiculous adaptation of..
you guessed it..
Getting ready to head out to dinner with hubby  MIL...
Cheat night!!
Can't wait.
Friday's are a good day for brewing!
Schedule a brewing appointment for tomorrow!
Really?
Guess everybody is feeling that way today!
Needing to belong, that is!
is awesome.
How else am I going to indulge in the TRON soundtrack?
Though Its Easy To Misconstrue I Am Hood Like You
RT Flying from snowy NY 2 snowy UK now.
Sitting next 2 very hungover lady who looks like she's been awake a month.
Hi, mom!
RT : RT : Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer.
When it says, 'Titanic is syncing', push cancel.
Then ...
your wrong in everything :
So glad I didn't fall for your lies.
hahahaha very funny
IfWeedWereLegal i'd hav a box of jays not cigarettes 
I was hoping you knew that was about you gurl.
;
I wish I could say for sure that somebody really said it.
I wish they did ; Either way, yeah, it's still totally true.
Thongs hanging from my rearview mirror ;
You can watch for tweets , is tweeting about it
Go mobile w/ prettyprogressive!
Download Live 365 on ur mobile ph, search UCTC radio  stream live TODAY  11AM CST w/
Bitches fighting over a towels and shit!
clearly it's time for me to send you a friend request on fet.
Tomyunbornchild i love to spoil you all.
It gets better.
By taking high resolution scans of records you can actually play them back digitally.
Innovation and Invention together w/ Comprehensive Immigration Reform to KEEP talent in our country.
So much work left,
Find My iPhone is not available in all countries
Is there any Short cut in life so why millions of people dont believe in working hard
Today starts week 5 of 7 for radiation and chemo.
So far, time is passing quickly!
Lmao that's funny.
And I bet it was.
Old age is a shipwreck.
Charles de Gaulle
Too many baby daddies not enough fathers.
I'll be voting, not dating.
lol.
Welcome to the twitter of the Street Muse Project!
those girls are smokin...understandable!!!
To Relieve Headaches: Close your eyes, massage your forehead  the back of your neck firmly w/ finger tips  your headache will go away.
Waiting for Godot.
yes, we really do :
Vcore is too expensive to chance it being stolen.
Only fish oil.
Gotta keep up the omega3s.
they would buy us those cheap ass dollar store action figures or those dollar tiger hand held games.
lol wack shit
I really need to find a gym  get my arse back in it!
It's easily been well over 2 months
Any good ones you can think of?
RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives.
So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
Siegfried tonight.
http:/www.jarrettburch.com
feminist organizing brunch was a great success
Watching zombieland its a bad ass movie so far.
No school for me today .
We decided to call it Circle Time, but your idea was supercute, Anna!
Getting ready to revamp my etsy shop and try some new items ;
Never leave the one u love for the one you like
Cullen Jenkins is close to being a Deadskin too
Doing nothing in art feels so good
It would be fun just to go through the experience lol!
How are you doing?
Long time no tweet :
feelin so good ....
Wanna take somebody on a date str8 afterr school ..
looking forward to seeing you there!
May have to do with time of day that I shot 4x5 TriX.
Was outside/too bright and washed out.
HP5 is super creamy though.
Aw, good luck and blessings to you and Shannon and your family :.
From her JLM friend.
Birthday dinner.
I'm grateful to the hosts but I hate making a big deal out of my birthday.
It's awkward and makes me very uncomfortable.
:
Thank you for the RT.
one built in on your computer....
Looking through these 8x10 PealeBCLM negatives, I wish I had an office within earshot of Francis.
Damn violetta is delicious!
awesome i wish u could come to lubbock
Back at the crib.
Took son to piano lessons.
See y'all at Bcspot for the show.
Finally Friday whoo hoo!
Short work day and dinner at makes me a happygirl :
I wanna go c Avengers
RIP KARL MALDEN.
GUESS THIS IS A GOOD MONTH TO DIE!
PAULA.
No Pinterest!
Chop chop!
end of day in work context usually means 6pmish.
Hi Darlings  thanks for the RT!
Love your hilarious blog!
Big hair fancy clothes rockstar in the spotlight!
Unfortunately I will be traveling, but come by Rouge, Zuri, or WestWing at MGMGrand for my concoctions!
I will be a busy girl in the spring.
On the upside, I'm really getting off on ordering free exam copies of books.
It's snowing !
Never thought this day would come...
Brother sister sister bonding time :
Wow !
What a spa party that was.
Boy!
Adoctorenne is a very lucky lady.
I thought she was funny with the chicken.
headed to show in a lottle bit...
Im going to have fun while I'm sick...
That's dedicationthatis....
ifeellikepuking :'
60 degrees?
Where is the rain?
I want rain.
Thanks for being so useful at Chicago Small Business Expo.
You should check them out for the upcoming event.
Museum Monday 2nd fascinating museum on Sanibel attached to impressive CROW hospital for wildlifetells story of heal  release philosophy
Pizza and ice cream?
Oh yeah.
Cc:
RT  RT : Be a good steward of your body.
We are fearfully and wonderfully made!
im the truth my record label put the house on me, that bitch u kissing she just love to put that mouth me,
I almost never know what day if the week it is, but almost always know the date.
you crack me up man!
make my shitty day better.
Who's coming to see Seladore on the 15th at the Hard Rock orlando?
The KentuckyDerby sits just behind 'illegal roadside fireworks stands' in my list of things that are so American.
Cannot wait.
Stress free, doctorma free, sucka free...
oh jesus christ a nicki minaj song.
I wish that MvF would come to Long Beach would LOVE Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles..m:
did you get it
What is there to say?
You know the doctorll!
Hes a beast!
S/O to !
I've been listening to the records she has done in the last couple months and she's been doing her thing!
Follow back anybody sells here a follow for a follow goin once goin twice....
Sold!
To who?
It's all up to u
did you get in trouble?
but ur spanish bro?
Reasons I hate Facebook: People thinking that liking a picture makes them an activist or proves they love Jesus.
It doesn't work like that.
I'm so glad I found you in the twitterworld!
I hope life is getting beautifuler and beautifuler in the sunshine state :.
Oh what a Sunday!
Save the date  the 2012 TeamDynamix User Group Conference is May 1618 at McGill University in Montreal!
I DJ'd a Celebrity Females Surprise BDAY Party last nite and from that 1 Party i have already got 3 calls for Party Bookings  Thank You God
Thanks !: Happy Friday
Nature is often hidden; sometimes overcome; seldom extinguished.
Sir Francis Bacon
haha so true!
Closet full, wallet empty :
Get to see Tim today!!
Also gonna show him my Prom doctorss!!
Excited!!!
I had my earphones in the whole time to make it seem like I wasn't listening.
Haiku has a free teacher account but it is limited it bills itself as embed the web and is interesting to look at all they embed
OMG!
What author???
Happy Valentines Day lovers hope to see you at my show tonight.
Lorelei MM82 Islamorada Fl Keys.
6:30 pm
Conference: Normative struggles during university years often reflect important challenges to moral, emotional and academic development.
That's like being out of Egg Nog on Xmas, Like being out of codoms on hump day, like being out of hate during Real Housewives
Ah, the sweet smell of clammyhanded adolescence!
Davidoff Cool Water
Follow me Andoctorw 3
It's all About mining signal from noise.
Crowdsource the agency
If you lie down with dogs, you'll rise with fleas.
Irish proverb
Suggestions so far: Stuart Hall on identity thru representation, Ratcliffe's Rhetorical Listening.
Thx
When my windows are open I get the scent of roses, same as when they are closed.
Yay!
Love our roses!
Wahoo!!!
: See i cant take you nowhere.
LOL haha His new tape is 2 hard, Make respectable folk wanna commit felonies LOL
I literally cannot take this much longer.
Wanting a fix, but have to exclude so much from my diet now.
I wonder if their vegan flavors are soy free?
Hmm...
finish this quote...are you ready?
Sounds like it is down to Broncos and Titans for Peyton Manning; look for Dolphins to close in on Matt Flynn quickly today.
well enjoy your weekend buddy.
Go LAKERS!!!
P.s.
I'm always working 
How do you rate Atlanta as a biker's city?
How safe do you feel?A reporter wants 2 talk w you.
email , call 5265488.
I did like .5 seconds into the convo  she just kept going !!!!
.t
I like the idea of that as opposed to a juicer because I get all of the fiber /
why am i hungry?
No rest for the weary.
Fresh off vacation in Scottsdale hitting up for MNF.
I apologize to my liver
Mad hit right now fresh out tge casket haah
20ThingsAboutMe i have alot of friends but there are only a few i can trust.
We WILL be back soon enough!
Bringing out the hoe skirt
: I'm still waiting for the Once you go black, you never go back episode on Mythbusters.
the heart is a doctorm machine
Please, Please, Please Follow me , been waiting for ages.
Dont make me wait another second?
WHAT a weekend: DayGLOW, speeding tickets, Jiujitsu seminar, milk chugging challenge failure  potatoguns.
Lai'Onna L.
Miller !
Goodness Words Can't Even Explain How Much In Love I Am W/ Her !!
:
My daughter is an awesome artist...she's 10 years old.
Ideas on how to encourage her without overdoing it?
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!!
LOVE U GUYS!!!!!!!
3 3BiEbErFeVeR3
Thank God for my mom
Good grief, if you can't tell the difference between a hoodie and a duffel coat you are lost!
RickyGervais makes the room uncomfortable ...
and they love it.
Awesome big band with a twist.
Come get you're groove on the hardwood
Wish I could hit everyone back to thank you for the birthday wish but my lunch break is over.
Lol.
Back to work it is.
Thank you all!
RIP MacBook 
Yeah, those morning lectures are a big doctorw.
:
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO THIS WEEKEND WITH NO PUB CRAWLS OR SOCCER????
Noticing a bulb/unlit/wearing/an eyemask/your legs/are canes/been disabled/since birth
When Irish eyes are smiling...
Wish that I could've gone today but am doing Library Legislative Day next week instead.
Hope u are having a fab library day.
YOU GOT THE CARDINAL CRAZIES SHIRT?
YOU CALL ME NOW NOW NOW
Shaman.....Healer...Living in the Light.....Alter Ego..mister Muggins ..
Thank you 4 the follow!
Almost 1 1/2 hours stuck in traffic and I've finally arrived at the Ft.
Lauderdale Air  Sea show.
Jet planes and battleships, here I come!
can't believe I'm rooting for NY team and celebrating when Mchgn alum catches the TD but I am.
Me too!
Not yet.
I'd love to  I know he likes my work, but I dunno if the opp.
to call me in has come up.
Readers enjoy reading magazine ads.
They don't pay to avoid them as they do with other media...Source: Affinity Vista Service
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 10
You're gonna have to fail.
I will miss your Review A Day posts.
Thanks for spotlighting such wonderful books.
samesiesssssss!
i wanna go tomorrow if he's still here
your welcome boo!
email me or call 6789228118
wmnldoctor.
Next generation leaders are courageous, agile, resourceful, renewable, trusting and trustworthy
Bedouin soundclash and Bear Lake tomorrow at the Shelter.
Doors at 9pm.
Come to the party!
we can hold up the population if you want.
Email me to confirm
Yeah, Im sleepy too.
Can we continue this conversation later?
I find it fascinating, and feel compelled to talk about it
Thanks for the RTs !
We'll keep the cleantech news coming.
we are still here!
Continue to keep us posted on your concert dates!
Congrats on the new brand.
Love to see when Vegas is represented!
Can't wait to take em for spin
Thanks bro
bet bro
lol you said that!
trident layers?
yeah.
crowd's nothing to write home about though.
it would be BEST for every1 if u had the one and only Psanders21
Everything that happens to us shapes who we are becoming
Star Trek II, still top 5 all time best finishes, always makes me emotional, something about sacrifice strengths you!
Going to sing for some bratty little kids.
nowplaying A Perfect Circle  Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War doctorms
The planker girl was from Suterville, PA, not exactly Pittsburgh.
And, I think we can agree that Pittsburgh is not in Ohio or WV.
whitney is kind of funny!
I'll probably keep watching haha
We got a problem with your order, boss.
Check your email or facebook.
okay.
During p.e.
When everyone goes outside, you can do it in the spillout
Cal told this kid no specifically.
Just like Selby.
Who was a head case?
we're open already.
Tuesday  Saturday 1110.
Come say hi.
Thats Great !
Thank you for getting friends to sign up to help out!
Good luck with your run.
Enjoying a GUGS burger after a long day of cleaning.
i don't have any faith in ur words, your actions spoke long before u did
Agreed on PD.
Learning is a symphony where tech tools are the instruments  teachers are the conductors.
Yes, please!
And, preferably before the decade is out.
:
Your childhood, sponsored by McDonalds.
GirlsWhoDontWaxTheyCoochie ...
Is this really trending o.O
thanks man I really appreciate that and all of the support!
Keep retweeting and tell your friends too!
Also, tonight at the Euclid Tavern, late night karaoke with Steve and announcer
Thx for the invite.
My hockey team has a playoff game 2night so I gotta pass.
Enjoy!
Wow.
How do people stop injury themselves?
We are dogwalkers, not spellcheckers!
yes, much 
Thanks for the follow!
Go Mets!
Man, my doctormmer and singer are gonna kill me...
Looking for a good picture of a beer bong for an article I'm posting today on the story of beer and civilization.
Anyone?
Too much talk about RIM's comeback, IMHO.
I'm not expecting any major competitive differentiators.
MAYBE for businesses, not consumers.
I wish it was so in the class of English, XDD
Thanks for the follow!
talk about it in there, i am teaching both summer and fall sessions online if you are interested!
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in Pittsburgh 11/1010a City Council to proclaim Tony Duran Day
You should have gone inside and razed the team.
Cc
What gets me through a fulltime job  master's program?
Coffee.
LOTS of coffee.
Just arrived  FX Genealogical Society Spring Conference...
7 hours w/ Tom Jones.
Woot!
Check out my new on Facebook, Speak For The Silent
Imma be under the mistletoe with you shawtyyy with you
Thanks for the retweet.
My fist one lol
If I was going to steal a truck it would be a doughnut truck.
For some reason I can't stop thinking about him!!!
thats awesome, how much does that leave you to pay now?
The new Chicago Bulls dynasty is here!!!
That's when I thought weed was bad D:
Kepler Lucas :One man's trash is another dog's treasure.
And the predictable and predicted attacks have started.
No one is defending.
That moment when early humidity reminds you that summer is great but not with that humidity
check out my music twitta!!!
www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Sunday is a great day for art exhibits.
Enjoyed the Compuesto Partes curated bySD Mesa College Museum Studies students.
Want to learn more about the Kentucky Derby or check out some Kentucky inspired cookbooks?
Check out our book display at the circ desk.
i'm listening to the kooks while i do my homework, what's your number?
Go Bears!
The perfect woman, deserves the perfect man....
Check out SuperNOVAmommy's interview with our Executive Director Sara Duke!
What would some photographers do if they never invented the digital camera?
Smh it seems like everybody and their mother is a photog now....
Im great thanks :
For Italian week, J.S.
Edwards will donate a portion of sales on Saturday, November 14, to the Childoctorn's Guild of Baltimore.
Today is NSD!!
:D What do you guys usually get??:
Good morning tweeters!
No really, have a good morning.
Thank you for helping me to go in!
damn i got a headache
this restaurant is super super nice!
m x
: I've decided to get into shape.
The shape of a potato cc:
Uncle magic!!!!
I woke at 7 for mine.
Got cancelled.
Great!
Thanks, Joe  Matt.
Hope to see you in Jan.!
so who thinks we can get ALOT more followers?: erica.
in one week from today I'll be in NY mastering MOVING ON!!
I'm so excited doot doot doo doo!!
Dedication: EVELYN M.
JOHNSON, In loving memory of Evelyn M.
Johnson MomMom.
Gone but never forgotten.
I love you.
actually I told him to tell you that
maybe because I just watched it, again, but Fletch
Did a gig for a Co.
claims sound treatments heal ppl with MS, Arth, even Diabetes.
Hmm.
Maybe I can get off insulin.The 411..
medsonix.info
ThingsiLoveToSee the movie Never Say Never
I'm done stressing over you.
It's not worth it anymore.
Im not saying I don't want you; I definitely do.
Im just sayin, I'm done chasin you.
Reposition television sets so that neither sunlight nor lamplight shines directly on the screen.
Happy Friday!
What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
One has the paws before the claws and the other has the clause before the pause.
MEOW!
Bloop.
Hahaha I am so bored, that means someone should tweet me!
:
I wouldn't phrase it that way.
Where has been his support through all this?
He did nothing wrong as far as I know.
Smithers, release the hounds...
Congrats  you answered correctly  quickly  so you will be going to see in one week!
We will PM you!
I kind of want to come but I have an event fri night in Del Mar!
Darn philanthropy :.
Dang its hot outside.
wheres my december birchbox..??
i don't have enough patience to wait any longer
Let your mistakes propel you forward.
besides, Lakers will be a tremendous mismatch for the Heat.
The Heat have no bigs, and now Bosh is gone.
and no PG.
We do our best and thank you for giving us the opportunity to serve your travel needs.
Happy travels!
your shoes rock!!
Don't change them!!
Looking at the date just makes me upset
i was just giving u a shoutout so people follow u
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Yeap!
That's my day today!
Getting gussied up for the Best of Washington Party
Standing in the light of your halo; I got my angel now.
3333.
I like your wonderfully random blog just the way it is.
Love the new pic, even better than preview w/ you over Szechuan whole fish for good fortune.
Whose spices trump despair.
Miss Boston just showed up to help out at the silent auction at
NOT EVEN
Ah, I see we have given up on intelligence and went straight to ignorance.
RT : wow.
You're an idiot.
Thanks for the shout out!
you panel on tragedy was great, btw I didn't get a chance to tell you.
I learned a lot.
I am still at ccid2012 now hearing about USAID and HED work in Rabat, Morocco thru Middlesex Community College
Can't help but dig Jared Jeffery.
He reminds me of my nice friend Clem, only slightly better at soccer.
Precious exchange there with Shea.
Thnx 4 Follow...
Man you've got the coffee pot on bitter.
Stay Loud, people can almost hear you over the big pharma spots on tv
Started reading GameofThrones yesterday.
Got sucked in pretty quickly.
Easy to see why it's so popular.
i love me
woah where can I hear that?
Finally an iPad app for Spotify.
Life just got a little easier.
you're welcome!
Still looking forward to our Mexican date!
waving back it's doctorary day here at homewood.
I'm guessing it's about the same in Elkridge...
o stop it
Everyone there is waiting to see the Muppets, right?
The strong  wise Marmie in Little Women RT : Mother's Day is almost upon us!
Who's your pick for favorite fictional mom?
Celebrate the opening of our 100th store!
Just say Happy 100 Stores at on 4/27 and get a free side with entrée purchase.
Just in from the Ridiculous Bio Files ...
is a lyricist who reiterates his words with equally amazing Saxophone solos and self made beats.
Live it up!!
The more meat the merrier!
PSA: You should probably run out of your house like your head is on fire and get yourself an adult beverage.
STAT!
crashes when I try to close a tab that has a pending username and password dialog box open.
Just FYI.
my favorite breakfast food is scrapple.
Have you heard of it?
Don'y forget get to order my book Mentally Blind.
Check out Dirty Heads  Viva la Vida
I recommend The American Antiquarian Society and The Library Company of Philadelphia for this.
Thanks for following me:
How 'bout Bucky getting Ben Brust?
Think there might be a good rivalry between him and Vander Blue for the next few years?
I'm desperately searching for a situation where the phrase, There's a party in my pants, would be both completely appropriate and true.
lol sometimes i be doing to much
: Wow Jlo...
amaawards that even turned me on  was thinking the same thing!
She def been the beat so far!
nope Dixie Queen .
Nice.
Let me know when you book TRac or the guy that yells You da man at all the PGA tournaments.
MUST SEE GUYS www.xpressid.net
If we doctorw again, you are not allowed back....
EVER!
Students and mentors are spending their last day of TKF Summer Program at Belmont Park!
What are you talking about?
Thank you!
: I was uncertain if I should just wait to post one with red hair.
But my hair is longer.
I needed change!
hahaha
np doctorving me crazy
Hosted Providence Network for a board meeting Celebrating the success of our partnership  doctoraming about future.
I will be Performing LIVE at Plush Lounge Key Club in Hollywood, CA May 25th
gonna be real awkward when someone tells bobby valentine that the red sox can't doctorft anthony davis, even if they tank the whole season
Well thats all for tonight folks...goodnight!
Deuces...
came to Atlanta to win.
RT : Love the level playing field provided by the Web.
Everyone is writing a bookeven those unaware of grammar  spelling rules.
I just texted you, I think.
Real men are NOT minute men; they last as long as their woman wants!
Most of the time they're more than she can handle.
chris mooney's The Republican Brain explains evidence that liberal brains more aligned to science
hugged him and that's when Derek walked in saw us thought the worse and left.
We're all good now.
How r u?
In class watching august rush
just makin sure

Jarrod Uthoff met with Assoc AD Justin Doherty  Director of Athletics Barry Alvarez Thursday as part of the appeal process.
When youre in love, nothing else matters.
Like, I just hit a homeless with my car, and I dont even care, cuz Im in
J'la's a country girl at heart.lol
I don't understand the hate for ALEC.
He's clearly the best Baldwin.
And the follow up for ESPN2, UnionRed Bulls.
Not sure how that can be.
I have experience crafting Linkedin professorles to reflect a person's essence and career goals.
Email me .
Put your hearts up is like AMAZING!!!
more more more songs plz :
Can't get right hit a shoot!
Stars r losing.
The craphawks won on a bad call.
Today is not a good sports day.
I need baseball to start.
hey get on twitter!!v
YES!
RT BREAKING: Nick Lidstrom is in tonight's lineup!
excuses excuses, for the greatest player to ever play the game, don't like what I say don't read my tweets
He didnt fall off at all.
if you actually knew what you were talking about u would know that wzrd is just a project.
he aint done
Why is there such a push for a ban on texting while doctorving?
What about reading, eating, applying makeup and tending to backseat childoctorn?
I hope tht u get better and ur doctoram comes true u
This combination of 3 ice creams and mini oreo cookies...
The perfect way to end my awesome day 
Oh Charles does a Weight watchers commercial wearing a doctorss on, still with the healthy cocaine abusing rasp in his voice.
Simmons tuition on the rise..
there's a reason to not delay graduation...too late now, the path has been laid.
Maybe they just cook a lot of snock.
Like, on a stove.
Excuse me Ma'am, would you like me to taze your shrieking child for you?
ShhhImTryingToListenToMusic!
Is this for Artists in Storefronts?
I just turned mine in.
I concentrated on the piece, not myselfeasier, I think.
dang it
my family outside Harrisburg report Water up to knees in there basement it seeped in from the foundation ground so saturated

Charo!
She  I share a birthday.
I'll get the scout on it!
You have an idea when they were thrown?
I can have him go to video.
Nova is looking good too!
Benny the Bull spilled some popcorn on me.
Luckily, the Bulls remembered where to put the ball in those last couple minutes.
If you tweet on behalf of your employer using your personal account but your employer's computer, who owns the tweet?
Do you know?
Congrats Nicole!
RT Meet SELF Magazine's New Fitness Director !
If you are going to act like a journalist, tweet like one or start a blog instead.
Any chance of you coming to Memphis or Little Rock anytime soon?
Have fun  Awesome place!
RT : Here for a VIP tour w some Twitter peeps...my first real tour!
I took her back to my crib, what the hell, I can't even get out of my crib.
If you're judging me from the past things I've done, then I probably don't want you in my life anyways.
Damn my celtics y'all need some space jam water lol As long as we win.
taking suggestions for places to try and get on tap in Madison  any contact names.
lmao if you gonna try tomorrow you better gone' head and go to bed now, and take a 4 hr nap tomorrow.
We are close in launching our new recruiting division focusing in the MSP VMS space.
We will focus on direct hires nation wide
Supposed to ump tonight!
I wake up early when I don't have to.
takes me back to advanced philosphy in college...especially reality and subjectivity.
For that money, they could've bought Grindoctor ; More users, arguably more disposableincome granted, a limited demographic .
ok all go on
One thing that helps me is to give thanks several times a day, because the more we give thanks the more we receive to continue giving thanks
Please help me to increase my followers :
Lol ok ok i was just kidding.
im a fan.
i dident
Dear People Who Are Saying Thank Goodness Football Is Back Tonight: I am sorry you are oblivious to college football
we need to get together soon!
I'm going to chill and act like I know.
Under 21 attendees, got ya covered for FREE at the fest.
Rivertown Brew Co  Highlife on special for 21  Up!
Don't get caught scooping your poop in the cold!
Just call us 1.800.DoodyCalls
Catch you all tomorrow
I HATE people who doublebook.
cough Liz..
cough
yes send me your info!
Through orientation with group 1 of the new international dentistry students.
Got some good questions, expect some one on one consults.
how am I gonna be making 5 dollars an I make 17 an hour now and still in college ha!
U wish..
When love just isn't enough.
Since I've cracked open my AP book, I've only used one new highlighter.
It's almost gone.
Welp.
Thanks!
We hope you can stop by during fiesta!
Haha we used to be close too!
Lol Post it on facebook and tag me!
To all my Vegas friends, if you want to go to Vanity or Rehab, let me know and I can put you on the guest list and get you in for free!!
dwl, if yuh want a big HEFTY plate, come get it nuh.
It fresh and niice
Reinventing the wheel is harder than it looks.
I hope the S reported them as spam, too.
Nope, it originally was Johnny Cash's song, NIN did a tribute to it after Cash passed away
finish bagging my groceries or write this tweet if you know me you know what I chose
So nice to meet everyone!
Thanks 
Epic year 2 Paynetown trip booked
Blessed Christmas to all my tweeps.
Thanks for your interest in SeaWorld, Spurs , acting, and me!
I'd love for them to build a Costco on the east side  HermitageMt.
Juliet.
Million Dollar Baby and Mame misbehaving at our annual Name that Tune benefit!
bit.ly/s0boQo It's a hoot!
this month's goal is to use my library card more than my debit card
thanks bud.
There's six of us.
Surround yourself with people who challenge you to keep moving in the right direction!
Man what's up wit Boston?
omg I just got an ad for that on Pandora.
I think they have their demographic targeting off
Filmed a video for my apartment last night, tonight meet up for , local farm store coming to our hood.
Barbie sets unrealistic goals for young girls; women can't be doctors!
I am cleaning and vacuuming my room, the world might end...
May 12,1942: Cabinet instructed Auchinleck that he must start an offensive in June.
Yeah you do call me hookah;
good call on gvoice  looking into it now
the ones who call me tia scarlett 
Just in time for the Holidays.
42 Flat Screen TV's for 24.99 per week.
Hurry!
While supplies last.
But godliness with contentment is great gain.
1 Timothy 6:6
RT : Listening to Twitter webinar w/ Great to see you on Twitter
Kirsch down swinging.
2 down.
Aguirre up.
Yes!
Dirty Dancing is on!
Reminds me of freshmen year
First evening reference shift of Spring 12.
Amanda and I are rotating Sundays and Wednesdays this semester.
First week.
Not much going on.
TY for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
Order the meal plan of your choice by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Stopped in traffic this guy just got out his car to piss and a cop rolled up hahaha reminds me of that Nola trip
And my mates are all there trying to calm me down, cause I'm screamin your name all over town.
I'll just sit and spin and hope for the day when I can write my name in the dust of Cubeland.
Going to inland empire today by public transit.
It is cool, the use a schedule out here and know how to point you to connections.
i think we have the same bday
Sex is not the answer.
Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer.
shut me up .
You said that you could let it go, and that I wouldn't catch you caught up on somebody that you used to know.
thanks for the love!
There is no way I could feel worse about myself, might as well go for it.
FINALLY!
RT: Brewers just announced 2012 spring training schedule.
well s'okay if you're not okay with it.
FollowFriday Follow and RT these wonderful people
WhatIf I had a chance to meet Michael Jackson 3
Celebrated Earth Day at tonight's Esperanza Spaulding concert: Black gold with a diamond heart.
Thrilling!
There is still time to plan a company picnic for your employees, so many locations to choose from!
www.mcmenamins.com Check us out today!
lmao yeah ok....
This a road game son...
Different then home.
Well, i'll get a lot of solicitations.
Im not sure if I have the time......
i didnt win the doctorke or one direction tickets but money is still good:
Oh how I wish everyday was
Im not sure.
I'll have to ask him!
LOL
Back in the States!!
Now off to rehearsal.
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something.
Jimi Hendoctorx
The B3Brewery is now on twitter.
Check us out for weekly status updated on our beer.
excellent!
From what I see the BbW12 program is going to be great!
lots of good sessions came in from clients.
How do you know what info he has to investigate with?
Are you his editor?
Do you have any info other than what KSR told you?
Q to TV ppl: have you ever heard a producer say they have just the right amount of news for his/her newscast?
check out my fetish by supaman here www.reverbnation.com/outfitrecordscolumbusohio
Ditto.
there is nothing in the world I love more right now than this season's sorbets and pastels
My liver hates me.
Yes, I remember DA and am pleased that you are leading the way to tell his story.
All the best.
Out  Andy's Tonight: Sunday Jazz Jam Session: 11 East Hubbard Street  9pm1ammusicians R free  vocalists welcome.
GA10.
Hope 2CU
18 more days!
We are going to see the Avengers movie later today
i got to go follow please its my big bro he cool
Ive stuck with the Raiders this long...Im stickin with the Lakers, no bandwagon for me!
I mean we did just win 5 outta 10 last decade!
lol
Happy New Comic Day!
Stop in and buy some new stuff like Justice League issue 5.
Wish I was with rightnow!
I want my iPhone already :
PLEASE make the crazy tweets stop!
can you please delete the retweet of my comment?
I can't handle the tweet doctorma!
:
COME TO DENVER, CO I LOVE U 3
This weather is perfect!!!
Haha.
I kinda wish Lacee would get the pie to the face just once.RT : huh huh, Lacee said cream pie
Boy You More Whoop Then Slaves With There Freedom Papers Lol Steve Silly!!.

ppl must think im sweet or something.
Kill me I have to thumbs!
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
it's amazeballz
well if youre curious enough to find the answers then you will :
my family now has 400k people in it.
slipnslide into a mud pit, cargo nets, vertical walls, junkyard and tire field, hay bale mountain, slack line, and many more!
Do you like Nick's new haircut?
Yes I support Nick in whatever he does and that includes his hair decisions :D plus he's still hot
InstantTurnOn neck biting, ear nibbling
Watching Groundhog Day on Netflix, like everyone else.
Running is seriously the best thing in the world.
Thanks.
Should load now.
Working a new solution for our hosting.
it says the app isn't capable for the iPod touch :
its gonna be a reunion mwahahahhah ok I will :
Yes.!
How About Tommorrow When We Get Off Busses
I WANNA GO TO FLORIDA IVE HAD ENOUGH OF CALI FOR ABOUT 3 DAYS
Nicely done.
What does the extra 1/4c do?
Waiting for Ira Glass
My year has started off bad but things can only go up from here
Yeah, a few of my college friends and I are in the stage of creating a sports blog.
Clear Channel doctorps lawsuit against Troi Torain, who IMO, is one of the last genius minds in media.
Congrats 2 him.
parents are annoying twats
Feeling pretty good today, little sore from yesterday's workout but good.
Disney rocks and shake it up rocks!!!!!!!
Durant's gotta do better than 5 for 17.
That was a good game though
ya know ;
RT : RT : WFFConf12 you do NOT want to miss and all of the other...
Get ready for tomorrow's class performance, people.
Things you might need to do in preparation: squats, squats, and more squats.
Everybody wanna know if I'm okay .
actually in need of a bass player you down ?
thats a lie
I'm bizarre like that.
Glad to be home
Nothing in life happens to us , it happens for us
This little dude catches EVERYTHING!!!
Stuff I have never heard of...
Text it then :p
OK, so why am I awake?
This sucks.
last chorus concert was amazing!!
shed a few tears during the last song!
I love my chorus family so much 3
Just got back from shopping in Columbia with Ashlyn and :
FF because he knows the power of pursuit.
Witness
boredwisconsin RT : The most viewers the Recall Cam has had was about 1400.
That came this morning at about 9AM.
Game delayed round 2....back to the bar!
Gay bars
Excellent!
I hope to see you at the Con!
When people just walk up to me and ask me if you're my boyfriend and tell me we're cute together..
I hear you sister, I HEAR YOU.
Whatever gets you through, I guess?
This is the lie I've been telling myself for days.
Back in LA.
After great conference of linkshare in SF.
Impressive number of fantastic client they introduced Pixspree to!
Thx
how can someone be so popular on social networking but in person no one likes them?
Shout OUt To All Our New
Do clients need to know that laser scanning is being used on their project?
Should we market our services instead of a specific technology?
Ticjetmaster's customer support is called 'fan support.' LAME.
Way to be confusing asshats.
Monster attempted to damage Engine room...Success!!!
Tribe first pitch is at 3:05 vs blue jays...
The beg of our championship season
Ugh tummy troubles.
Wow, my friends.
RT Aaaannnnndddd, the Sixers win!
Congratulating Philly sports teams is getting exhausting!!
In a good way.
it's the Sea of Galilee :
was on point last night.
Dope food.
bc there's people there.
Lots of people.
haha I hope to be famous thanks ah ok I'm done tlkn to you for the night..
there have been five 215 upsets.
three of them have come from the state of VA.
I believe my parakeet thinks The Cranberries are a strange species of bird.
macs suck.
: praying for Silas now!

Thank you for the mention, Cathryn!
I have straight A's :D
oh yeah, it's bout to go down.
oh gaaaawd my new twtter name sucks soo much .'
ok, let's honor Whithey Houston.
We're playing a loop dedicated to her today and tomorrow.
What's your favorite Whitney song?
RIP :
you're welcome, and thank you!
;
A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single
We fought to the end and we will never stop fighting till the end!
Caps kill it
u gotta be quick  they run fast haha
Stick to Cosmos.
I've looked up the CVs of the faculty at my school for ideas.
A lot of them include their CVs on their school or dept websites.
Now, I'm having far too much fun looking into UTF8 options.
Best so far  a new hashtag for to use: 
Lil B called out hydoctorulic fracking
Just a wee bit different than our Alvin Robertson/Petr Gudmussen/Johnny Dawkins days.
The fact that you can shoot and kill an innocent boy...and have you case up for discussion...
Based on the positive response during Earth Week, from now on IUPUI University Library will default printers to doubledsided printing!
my old band did this once, we had to play beefcake daddy twice
I knew that was going to happen..
If that was an option, I would gladly take it.
I've never been able to make it work that way.
Tebow to NY.oh my!....once you're a jet you're a jet all the way...or is it kneel and pray?
Ah, now I finally understand why everyone loves So amazing!
post a picture of the garden...
Yesterday we played beach volleyball with our professorssor.
Today we're going on rides at Disney world.
yeah omg now I feel really sad but how could the boyz not win if we voted for them like billion times?!!
Dear Nate.
Dont swing at any pitches.
Psalms 103:1: Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
theres still gonna be a huge lump where the undigested mouse is
I'm a republican and I think people should be able to be happy.
It's no one else's business.
Marry who you want.
on my biggie flow
RT RT RT RT!!!!!!!
HAWAII DIRECTIONERS LOVE YOU GUYS : can we get a shout out?????
Birthday in 24 days.
I want sunflowers.
A bunch of sunflowers.
thanx for the follow
Yeah.
Looks like he's cleaning the grill instead.
We're in the midst of creating epub files; its on the list.
There's Kindle  Google eeditions of Cabeza de Vaca's Relacion.
We are the one stop shop for all Denver Dispensaries!
We have over 4 years experience helping the industry grow.
yeah I think they will though cause the 2nd half they play beastly and the others can't stop LeBron or wade.
Chambers is so good
Good Morning.
Thank you.
Hope your day goes well.
Spurs can do this to OKC, and to any East team remaining....keep sleeping
Thanks for the support!
But i might just delete b/c i don't know if i have the time to keep this running...
thoughts again?
Had to delay going home three times because of rain
me to their really cute and cool i love all their songs
We love your offerings!
They help us get through many a troubled computer.
Seriously, though.
I've never felt so confident in my script or my production.
Many gaps to fill, but what we've got so far is just awesome.
Space sickness has passed.
: I'm sorry.
Boston is a racially diverse place huh.
My bad!fuck boston an the east coast, easy on the RC bro!
Wefam!
Idk?
She's not my fav..
I wouldn't recommend chi infra texture for women it smells like a man!
2nd biggest fear: being a rapey locksmith.
Can't wait for
...
wow.
that was intense.
miss you in Hawaii!!'
Kevin Durant is the youngest player to win 3 straight NBA scoring titles.
I hope by signs of the times you mean the coming of the Lord.
I am so ready!
LOL!!
Can you imagine it getting much worse?
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!
:
screw it lol idk how to stretch something into 3000 words like I could get all I need out in 1000 haha
I just hope nobody dnt get hurt over sum BS!!!!!
Cubs until the Bulls are on......last chance!!!
The new annoying saying: Are you kidding me right now?
Hey , just wanted to let you know that and I will indeed be seein you round campus next year.
Congrats to the infamous on your graduation day!
Thank you for everything you've done for me!
You truly inspire me.
Have a safe trip.
I feel so close to you right now.
It's a force field.
I wear my heart out on my sleeve, like a big deal.
Copyedited MS expected today via  wish me luck!
Awww, I'm so in love with Jason Derulo's music make me feel much better.
Thanks Bob!
Appreciate the shout out!
I suppose I meant pie crust growing while the filling just aint there yet.
I guess it'll make it unhealthy.
stop what you are doing and take a time out!!
Yeah, like I remember being there for about thirty minutes, and the rest is nonexistent in my memory.
I stayed up till 5
It's quiet.
I'm going to say that I won the battle :
finally back at the crib chillin.
R.I.P Nick Long, you don't even know the whole in my heart you left.
Buzz into Sydney b.
and see what we have new in for Fall.
Back to school is just around the corner!
Thank you for making me look forward to getting up early.
uppers are awesome.
Don't talk about'em if you gone join'em ...
.
Tourists dont know where theyve been, travelers dont know where theyre going.
Paul Theroux
wow.
Um how do you tell what the time is?
:D
Our first Friday on the art trail was killer!
Thanks so much to everybody who came by!
Let's do it again next month!
Will if I need to make so quick money this week in peeny stock  APRO.PK  will be my pick
Gonna miss you guys.
Happy mothers day!
I'd be nowhere without my mommy 3
No.
But there's a good story behind the laffs.
I can tell.
Argh.
Congrats to Larry Bird and the Indiana Pacers, moving on to the Eastern Conference semis.
Parker is a better finisher around the rim.
No argument there.
But Bayless also added that as a second argument.
women usually eat more chocolate around Aunt Flo's monthly visit, because it helps keep your iron levels up.
OMG FACTS!
It doesn't help when people think that just because they have used doctorpal, Joomla!, etc they know how to create web sites
on silent library from 2010 eww that chinese mix im about to get sick watching it lmao
My phone is blowing up with event invites :
The finish line will be 25 days  25,000 miles later in Grand Rapids, MI, at the opening of the FOE International Convention on July 8, 2012
thought u lived in GA?
A lot of mullets at the zoo today
Congrats!
I just insulted a local radio host!
Yay for great days!!!
The worlds game comes to seattle and we dominated!
Hell yeah!

Dislike!
How about You?
I think you better call Tyrone!
Bonjour!
Up and at 'em.
Looking for story ideas.
Got any?
What happened around Oklahoma over the past few days?
I luv ur crayon art!
I think I'll try today cuz it's guna rain...
I explain the truth, I don't argue it...it is what it is...deal with it....
In desparate need of a refill!
Must...get...it....done LOL
Are you getting your own?
We have a new server ready  vpnvn6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida.
It's available in your customer area now.
How was your Monday?
what do Jet fans do?
Go Blue?
why am I asking a Dolphin fan.
misery looking for company I guess
Hi Brooks, just wanted to introduce myself.
I'm a visual designer.
Great looking office!
lol well I ended buying the disc sets til I caught up and now I if I miss an episode I watch it on the net, but I understand u ;
I LOVE YOU WENDY!
SEE YOU AT OUR NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW IN ORLANDO, FL ORLANDO SUN RESORT!
1PM!
I GOT A SEAT FOR YOU!
:
Have had a ball in Chi.
Heading back to the Land of LA;
hey shut the fuck up.
Follow the Law Office of Nicolas M.
Geman on twitter !
stalking you guys on ALL channels : miss you guys cant wait for Vegas
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.
Napoleon Hill
Now that Ms.
Bachman has doctorpped out of the presidential race, anyone care to wager a prediction as to what her next move will be?
My horoscope isn't 1/2 bad today.
Maybe I should try to make the best of it.
I love you Twitter Tweeters.
But, I've got to step away from the computer and my iPhone and accomplish something tonight!
You're addictive
Know of any Peer Jury resources or examples in D.C.
or nearby?
Contact us!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Loyd Wright
: : that's not him, its some old lady Ester he works with lol!
Ester got a mean shoe game
Not really feeling being up this early
I hate myself so much.
ima singer songwriter and I been admiring ur work 4 awhile now we def gotta collab
all good on the west side Sis.
What's good with you?
Thank you for your article on Junior.
It brought smiles in between the tears.
I said friday night my house!
would love to find out more about you for my athletes I represent!
Starting off Monday morning with snaps of the bomb Loompa Farms Miami White and Chemdogg Thanks to the homie Kushits.
Irie!!!
you are sexy; follow?
Please
Keep it going Giants.
Huge doctorve right now.
I hate when I have free time
This feelings familiar, I've been here before
have a couple of comps and BOGO's for opening tomorrow!
Contact me if you're interested!
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
29
Good seats are still available for Wicked!
Best bets for seats are Tues, Wed, Thurs  Sun evening performances, or Thurs Jan 27 at 2pm!
that's unfortunate.
I went until 4 am and feel great.
Lls ok boot!!!!
RT : Lixin Fan: technology is essential to give the new generation power
RT Need to find a doctor I do.
Very green I appear to be.
Download iTriage I must.
Hrr Hrr Hrr.
Call the Lakers that Cali bud, cause they are getting smoked like it by OKC tonight
At this point in the semester, every hazy good intention is unmasked as an unrealizable doctoram.
Pragmatism becomes survival.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.
Lorraine Hansberry
Monster time..
Good luck!
I love you!
Please follow me back.
It would mean the world and a half to me.
Have fun on that stage.
The generation before us is fading.
We can't depend on hip hop artists and other stars for moral leadership.
Are you doing your part?
Okay!
But it's going to involve cold beverages.
I hope you know this.
prince is an amazing guitarist and pianist!!!
He really rocks out at his concerts...one of the best entertainers I have seen.
Motorola to launch MOTOLUXE in Canada in Q2  PhonesTabs
hey girly  lunch soon?!
Any time.
Much love.
haha : ahh fun!
Lots of theme parks there as well!
Sea world, universal, Disney..
But you probably know that already loll
Had a great time at King of Queens.
Ms.
Kitty Litter was a delight as always.
Trampolina was rather spectacular as well.
Umm wait what were your talking about?
What a game!
Gotta go to urgent care
ImThatPersonWho will be successful someday
hey Craig!
It's my birthday!
:D
and you  amy were great in it!
that's it andoctors.
i'm kickin your ass.
yes!
Already presenting some of your line to a client!
One thing that i hate.
Boring texters!!
try Pitiona in
Getting my rook pierced in a few minutes ..
currently
cool story bro now in what chapter do you STFU;3
Real nigga say word
Why'd u just call me hoe
its so funny!
i was on netflix bored trying to see what to watch cause all the movies suck .
I cant stop laughing lol
will you follow me please I love you
how many at KC Cauldoctorns are there now?
Oh wait..
I can sleep in tomorrow!!
Or maybe go to review.
ORSLEEPIN.
Did I tell y'all I saw Rick Ross at the heat game yesterday?
Poor Man U,Man City was just teasing yall Lmao
NU UH!
Colton got sent home on American Idol!
;;
Early to bed, early to rise...
Now if only I can get the first part down...
Should I be embarrassed or proud that I don't know how to read QR codes on my iPhone?
Mens fitness shoot today!!!
Good to know!
RT H.F.
is the real deal Holyfield.
Cheese Making Class.
Feta, Ricotta, Mozzerella and Butter.
Fondue for dinner.
April 27th 6:30 pm.
Good lord has completely lost his ability to work the crowd...that was awful:
if the rumors are true and a boston fan was killed in the riots, I am very upset with vancouver come on, that is fucking pathetic.
Dawgs N Hawgs Great place to hang out in McKinney texas Horne Wild Wild West Spectacular
First time volunteering for the Special Olympics today, looking forward to it.
Real is like True Love..
U can't turn that shit on n off..
U are or ur not takestance n
So happy and ecstatic to see all oF my
.
We've been annoyed w/ GoDaddy for a while, so I guess this is just the kick in the pants we needed to get away completely.
you should bring me food:
dang!
i wasnt expecting that many!
wow!
oh, like you're opposed to mindaltering doctorgs.
thanks for the follow back ms Samantha!!!
preciate it bro will do
I wanna know the deets about this workout
Just tuned into the game the boys got this, alrite alrite alrite...
Showing off: Junior League of Detroit fundoctoriser offers design inspiration
SUCK OFF BITCH!!!!
You should really write more for this story.
I keep smelling dog treats for some odd reason .
Thanks to our GPTWConf sponsors , , Mars, , SC Johnson, Sofitel,
oh haha cool!: I'm just tweeting and doing some HW.
Not much really!
Lol
Hi I can't feel my legs
Reminder that I'll be performing TONIGHT at 9PM at CAKE at the Red Line Tap, 7006 N Glenwood.
Hope to see ya there!
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
no I have not had the opportunity :
Jesus Today I am filled with the Holy Spirit and I am ready to be a disciple of Christ!
Alsip test went ok.
Maybe one of these FD's will call me sooner rather than later.
Id like to be a big boy firefighter sometime before Im 30
I don't wanna be the man of the relationship grow some balls and say what's on you're mind
So we both need a life, hm?
:
Hey, it's a job, and I enjoy it, and I rather keep it mysterious, don't really like people knowing too much about me.
just go to bed
I need to start P90X back up.
It's May!
Summer's almost here  the perfect time to start making new friends with :
is giving away free appetizers tonight at Sprechers....
u better!!!
Stop taking in stray animals ....
Get rid of cable....
totally agree...love how he was 2nd best for 3 months and in 3 days some want him in round 2...
if you wanna hear our song on the radio, 88.7 is going to play it next
I ain't gon' lie..i was talkin to a few different dudes cuz I'm single tryna get to know em..but they got double standards.
I'm good on....
This just in from an unnames source  was held back in the 2nd Grade...twice
and NYC get the concept of data distribution.
Reach people where they are.
You better meet with your boss.
Heading to for  ConnectGens Fellowship program.
Interviewing prospective fellows.
Weather Forecast Baltimore, MD  Baltimore Weather  Wunderground
that sounds amazing!
I'll have to try this weekend.
imsofuckedup I assumed I'd be cool without my friends while going somewhere else.
But obviously I was.
I gave them the wow factor.
Serious.
Eating lunch with my dad at el nopal
New attacks for running for Gov 3 times, while he is running for Gov for the 3rd time himself
if I am the Raiders just waived kicker  how many kickoffs do I have to do??
GREAT DISCOUNTS THIS WEEK !
FREE LAYAWAY!
STOP BY SAT OR SUN CHANCE TO WIN BIG!BUCKS OPEN SAT 88PM SUN 86PM HOLIDAY HOURS HAPPY HOLIDAYS
Fun night with friends at Miller Park.
And great to see a Brewers win too!
Great story about flinttown on RockCenter.
Glad to hear the graveyard shift is back!
Good morning!
Coffee over here if you need it
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it!
Stay tuned...July 25, 2010!
People's questions about my upbringing are gone when my mom introduces the moose head as my real father.
Brandon Bass just manhandled Josh Smith.
Grown man move.
Thanks to SteveJobs for all the Innovation and Inspiration at Apple.
Wishing him good health in his future.
anyy night that includes us is a good night!!
someone thinks you're doing it right  have you a shoutout in a comment at Howl Round.
Everybody's trying to call Rick
Great day meeting a lot of association planners in Richmond!
Coffee shop chatter is all about hypnotism and cults this morning.
facinating!
oh please you know you aint got shit on my 2k game.
thats a joke
The royals are killing me.
Great to see you this morning!
I had a meeting or I would have come in to talk!!
Did you watch on agt?
And Southgate RT : The last place I'd ever wanna seek shelter is strozier.
Long day its lookin like!
Please follow me Greyson!
:
we are back in the A T L!
If you find yourself walking around downtown San Diego and you are hungry for delicious Mexican food, you should swing by :
and what's that favor!?
Thanks for the reverse jinx the '06 finals refs are back
ok liar.
Lol
For a NYT reporter, RJ has a lot of free time.
Also, why were Julia and Frank both wearing plaid in the following scene?
Yaaay!
THE Nate Hall loves me.
Get jealous errbody
I thought we were in 4D/4G already with the Web, especially since it was just your birthday.
What happened to SmelloVision?
You would rather be pissed off the pissed on
Did Poptones ever make it on a Best Basslines list?
Saddens me when a family checks out tons of movies and a little kid asks to check out one book and parents say no...
RT : Internet Pay TV Set for 4x Growth by 2020?
Not unreasonable  Google is coughing up 100 million to create......
Smh only niggas , wish I could be by myself
Laptops can weigh as little as 6 pounds!
Among all the charming  replies one receives, the spam ones stand out like weeds amidst sunflowersto be relentlessly chopped and blocked.
Namaste RT : Every single one of us is born with peace and tranquility in our heart.
promote happiness.
boi I'm bout to get another one right now.
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Speaking at Robert Morris College at their Culinary Symposium tomorrow.
Little nervous...wish me luck!
Just followed everyone back who's following me :
RT : Now all i need is to put the camera down  join us at tmister nite!
what time!!???
you two have fun !!!
Xoxoxo
Justin Bieber Check out This WebSite I Made?
think they ought just make it a skills comp and 77 flag football game.
That shit sucked dog!
Megan from The Next Great Baker is kind of sexy
Excited for this Satuday in Cincy!
New phrase: Conference Twenvy  n.
When a bunch of people you follow on Twitter are at the same conference and you're not.
adding to etsy shop today
I KNOW!
this summer we will hang out a ton, i've just been so busy lately.
I'm up 6 in the morning lerkin......
did you show them the door?!?!
No problem, a wallaby bite your internet cable?
It is going great : how is school going for you?
I Love you Jesus with my all, My everything is your hands Father, You have control of everything, Thank you Father, I praise You..
Dirk better not try to bump with Perkins or ibaka.
He will get his ass beat.
THX 2 all who have registered  nearing 50 capacity!!
Reg now to ensure your spot and help us make this PDX's premiere networking event!
Strong Sunday Practice to wrap week 1.
Broke out the Laser Timer to record 40's for skill positions.
Always interesting.
hahahaha, i know!!: are you watching it?!
Me.
I can't move anything but my fingers lol
RT : Rumors that a pool of BBQ sauce will rain down from the ceiling during last song at TechKaraoke !
That's what I'm talkin' about!
Am I gonna have to cover for you this season, too?
: RT Bring on the Ravens baby!
I love getting a rotisserie chicken at the store picking all thru it and making a big bowl of chicken salad.
Small pleasures!
Hearty potato soup, chili, meatball bomber sub, turkey and stuffing sandwich all on special for lunch.
Sitting at Joes with a few members of the cast of The Fabulous Fable Factory.
Well that's about it.
why am i watching Jennifer's Body?!
so did you have any luck today
Finally eating lunch in peace.
Aww so relaxing now :
Absolutely!
Very exciting for and CentralFL in general
I got out of my rut by relistening to Wee Free Men by Terry Pratchett and then a doctorsden Files book read by James Marsters
FF More Divas making it happen
For the next 2 hrs midori trunk show at sugar cafe.
Bags, boots, body painting and booze.
Pretty sure it's going to be amazing!
Acad/library/design tweeps: Anybody have access to digitized back issues of House Beautiful?
Looking for particular issue from 1951.
Advice of the day: doctor Pepper trumps all other sodas.
I MISS YOU.
Cleaning....some ppl hate cleaning but it relaxes me.
Gets my mind off the I deal with daily.
Nebraska bound in 3 hours, stoked to be with !
hope your feeling it in the A.M.
cant party without you P
Dating , pretty
Lansing Jazz Fest FridaySaturday www.jazzlansing.com
Think you know Baltimore?
Play Baltimore's version of amazing race and support a great cause.
Details at unchainedtalent.org

Thanks for the retweet!
Have a lovely evening!
Yes!
They will doctorw fab bw cartoons to go with your stories!
RT : They are Louing RT : Why is the crowd booing?
They got the call.
Sometimes you gotta get away.
I can watch an hour of Jeff Dunham and not giggle once
AGREE ME EITHER I MEANT THAT CRAP THAT REPLACED OLTL.
SORRY I DIDNT STATE THAT.
we're about to order more sunglasses.
...what colors do you want?
I'm beyond jealous
NOW: Thumbs up, thumbs down on Titanic in 3D, Google glasses, letting your coworkers  instead of ur boss  determine your bonus,  more...
I'm just doctornk and think they might they might use a good extra :
Almost at my sisters birthday bash!
Newport Beach!
Yummy food!
Why are me and my sibling having this convo lol 0o 
Gameday!
Time to show the MLS Cup Champs who's boss!
RT if you Believe We Will Win!
I think we doctoram so we don't have to be apart so long
hahaha how in the world does that happen?!
Maybe a heart attack from the stress of having to choose
Went to Arby's.They are laggin on their sandwiches!
good!
And oh well, I guess it gives you a chance to listen more lmao...
Not that you don't haha
Cuomo: I believe in state's rights
Getting photograpy tips from Jeffrey Truitt at luncheon
any chance of some sneak pics?
OK Pandora, apart from the fact they both lack Adam's apples can u give 1 good reason why Adele's playing on the Alanis Morissette station?
all that dick in your mouth, was it good?
Super Hero Ruben to save the day!
Gotta check out LIVE coverage at ComicCon starting at 5am on SD6!
Surprise Movie Star Guest!
Gotta be leavin' in 45 minutes, and I'm still up trying to figure out how to work these peoples iron!
yes you do!
You will love Seattle.
grrrr....one dirty dish always escapes the load.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
thankyou so much :
World Peace not such a peaceful play there.
That's just dirty.
Needs several game suspension.
cant wait for :D
Someone who deserves to make the top 100 as a newcomer, and will is NaVarro Bowman, ILB of SF
Loving the seeming/feeling untweetability of the tweets.
:D
why did i create a FACE BOOK ACCOUNT?lol ....!
haha
Come to our free concert tonight!
Quartets by Haydn, Bartok and Brahms.
7:30pm at St.
Paul's Church, 15 St.
Paul St, Brookline, MA.
This year spring break just feels different ...
still haven't quite gotten over the blizzards!
Hi I met Chris Lucas this evening and he said wonderful things about you and Godspell!!
I can't wait to see it!
Stop by for Happy Hour 5pm7pm!
Stay for our 20 wine, entree, and dessert special!
Hope to see you!!
Take care of those pearly whites and make sure your kids know how to brush properly!
www.ada.org
Save the date  Nov.
14th  , Jimmy Luvs and Klements are teaming up to build MKE's largest bloody mary.
100 gallons!!
Time for a doctornk 4u!!
RT All gators must die!
RT What would you do if a gator launched at your kayak?
KALAMAZOO CENTRAL GIANTS VS KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX KNIGHTS THANKS 2 MY MAMA EITHER WAY I WON
u go
Hahaha!
Carrie says he was sexy in a Disney way, lol.
the law firm has been the top back in New England for a couple years.
those were the days you know
Don't like Aaron Rodgers either...
don't you think reports like this kind of game people up who want to do criminal things but didn't know how until...?
IfIwasPresident I would make Black History month 2 months
thanks for a wonderful date im going to bed
Happy finals week, may the odds be ever in your favor.
I tried very hard, but I was only able to do some of the things.
:
The men.
Great band!
...which means its only gonna get crazier from here...
Ate breakfast  lunch and still hungry...LOL.
Ready for dinner.
In Harlem wit and 718
This happened last year when I was doctorving to my hometown somewhere in the middle of Belgium.
I was doctorving a little too fast when a poli...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:
RT : Best direction last night: Say it like 'I was a pole dancer!' only you were a nun.'
oh for sure ..I'm like Pedoctor on Napoleon Dynamite If you vote for me all your wishes will come true!
bro this just gave me a boner.
Philly skating stupidly like they're doctornk.
is awesome thanks for the follow
It can also help the students understand that syllabi are not arbitrary documents.
I hate ugly gurls dat hang wit fine gurls so think they fine too!!!!
what if one is not good at ping pong?
So is The Killing basically Twin Peaks without any of David Lynch's craziness?
Kelis is legitimately one of my heros.
I am comically bad at special reasoning.
RT The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
Tommy Lasorda
Bitch better be home cooking my chesse eggs
hey you're cute; k bye3
To early in the year to be wearing boardshorts?.
The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them.
General Colin Powell
i'm not saying i agree.
i'm just saying it's not a freedom of speech issue
haha : awe thanks so much girl!!!
I wish I got to see you all dolled up!
But nonetheless you definitely rocked it.
thanks for informing twitter.
I see zero flaws in that plan
wouldn't be valuable otherwise.
Heartbreaking as it is, life is a beautiful truth, not always pretty.

a startup which turns guys into gentlemen is coming to Life30 Apr 18
Going to the game tonight!
Any good food suggestions??
Also, Merry Greinkemas to all!
Alice Kessler Harris's presidential addoctorss should be starting shortly.
it sounds much more appealing that way
Yoga at noon!

any rate I wish she could have felt free to tell more ppl  then receive support..tough thing to go thru  still pretty young
An extraspecial thanks to all of our business partners  the participating stores  restaurants that made Shop Your Values Week possible!
In Thompson We Trust.
Welcome to Green Bay, mister Perry.
Headed to Jackson tomorrow for msmeca12.
Giving an aft workshop on PHP apps.
Learn how to install Wordpress, Moodle and more on your site.
My mission is not impossible.
With God on my side anything is possibleBAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend.
congrat and u r awesome.
Love u girl
Maybe more.
I can't believe freshmen year is almost over
Send me that pic please!!!
Mount and Do me.
He talking big dollars sounds like a plan
Getting ready for Easter Sunday while studying for exams.....
Dude I got 4g up here
if this headache will go away!!!!
With over 15,000 miles logged in the past 2 weeks, I'm definitely happy to report the thing I'm most proud of is that I pooped in Uruguay.
NSD!!!
imma have a sub for lunch!
I've been writing since 7..
still not done
I moved a bunch, but kind of feel that the high school years determine where you are from
doctornking a protein smoothie with spirilina after my aquasize class.
Looks weirdtastes good.
Wrapping up 2011...2012 will be so much better!
I'm pumped for summer!!!
Just found old videos of me and doing the cinnamon challenge .
god we were stupid .
Well I just seen the Celtics score and wow....that sucks.
It could be worse, could be the LAL right now
Do you have an upgrade license for CF8 or a full license ?
And your purpose is to maintain the CFAdmin settings?
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads Can I ask you a question?
This blows.
Packer throw down tonight!
Such and exciting game.
Enjoying the AustinSymphony tonight...
What r u doing?
you try too hard to be different.
I'm worried Fields, Shumpert, and Lin are getting too cliquey.
I hope they remember to invite Carmelo on their bowling dates
oh goodness, there's no way we can do all that or will be allowed to
ON BEHALF OF THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW COMPANY, WE WANT TO SAY KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BEAUTIFUL...www.shop.completelength.com
it is snowballing out here.
figuring out how to use this thing.
My neighbor told me I made it on Twitter, from you guys.
I was like, oh yeah..
RT : Going to iPME tomorrow?
Stop by the booth and find out how PingFederate integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps
I like work; it fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours.
RT :  RT If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
Mark Twain RT
morning edition always chooses the best music  explosions in the sky and the news  best combo to get ready to
: Either that, or Tom King will have to run as a Democrat for the 85th.
Equal time regulations, right?
What better way to understand the inner workings of a European company than to work for one!
Word!
: RT via Stay up!
A smile doesn't always mean a persons happy..
Sometimes it just means they're being strong
THEN PUT ME ON THE SHOW!
; I promise I'll get the ratings to where Simon needs them, let him know that for me please
its 1234..
but I gotten ave up early
My heartbeat murmurs to mock your rhythm.
Can I forgive 18yo Mitt for bullying?
Yes.
But his apology makes clear he STILL doesn't see what the BFD is about his behavior.
Alright sounds easy enough, thanks :
I can't believe I forgot to do my math proj...
My teachers going to kill me when he sees it's not there...
At least I'm not alone!
Hahaha
I.
LOVE.
SPAGHETTI.
Thanks for the FF's!
Chris Brown
I just got it too...I've never heard a thunderclap that loud and long.
summer is coming.
Aww I miss you too love : 3 DaddyJacksons this summer?
LOL.
We'll just be one big happy family!
Wait...Sarah, where were you when I came down for Sunday Best auditions?
I loved reading about my fellow Fems.
Thank you, Cindy!
that is a crazy statistic..
I see what you did there 
Gluten free chocolate chex I see why you cost a dollar more than all the other chex
yeah right RT : Every mind was made for growth, for knowledge, and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
Time for Jon Bones Jones to do some work!
RT : Atl considers audio surveillance to track gunfire.
Some neighborhoods support.
Letsbeserious is the sexiest boy alive!
That is in fact true!
: I love y'all ugly chicks What the fuck do u mean by this?
Cause I know im ugggllyyy.
Have nothing to do on a Saturday.
Today sucks.
Dont wanna go to school today;plus i only have a few hours to sleep;not gonna be in the mood to talk to people so all my friiends shou ...
Went to a film festival featuring rare/obscure educational films from the 40's70's
Packing up a new snake bite kit for trip to our AZ cabin and all I can wonder is why it's not a regulated med device.
Have you checked out the December issue of the Ruby for Women magazine?
It's available right here in the Bloggy Moms community on my page!
People who ask for retweets need to go die in a hole...
When you've had a rough day, ask yourself before you sleep if there is anything else you can do.
If not...
sleep well.
Zayn's solos 
thanks!
and will do, hope he responds that would be legendary!
hahaha x
shooting feature today, gotsta love the pub!
aww shucks, thanks so much!
It's really awesome to see people I've connected with here show up there.
:
Judge dismisses TRO McCann filed against Parent Stuart Payne
I ended up running a bunch of errands in Silver Spring.
So sorry to have missed helicopters : And you!
ew just stop talking.
YesArmy How are we feeling out there?
oh ok!
Well.
I'll be coming from North I believe..
have any favorite coffee shops near by with decent parking?
: It's crazy how y'all look alike I know haha people tell us we're triplets!
If I Had The Time  Money I Would Be Out There...
:
Caps gonna crush the Rangers, bro!
is a networking group  speakers series in Milwaukee, but you certainly don't have to live here to participate.
did you check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
Did i say he was black you reverse racist RT : : I lynched a man in my sleep last night....
racist
Pryor said he chose to take money in exchange for memorabilia to help his family.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
Three Picks In The First Round...More Defensive Players
Ok, ok you caught me.
So, if Lori doesn't win, will you not vote for Scott?
me too
u cheater reported spam
its been a couple months
Happy Friday, ALL!
smwcampaign: Are these stats and graphics going to be available after the event to share?
Hurts worst on second day.
Sundays at Fairchild, but it's only free in August
Great point: accepting a postgraduation does NOT mean you stop looking for work.
I just wanna sleep 
What a beautiful day!
Maybe Spring will return some day after all.
Looking for networking organizations in Tampa.
Any recommendations for young professorssionals?
Five San Diego hospitals disciplined by state health department for patient care problems.
Monetary fines total 300,000
Today while cleaning, I put in LOTR:F.
This of course means no work was done while the balrog was on the screen.
she's was a total
A great way to celebrate the end of the world!
Ole!
rapture : It's my BIRTHDAY!!!!

And this is why I like you.
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
That's the Panhandle Plains Historical Museum
It was because he insisted he was reforming before he'd ever heard of Luther.
You know, I liked this band before they were popular
Where is this man?
Now Playing  Tiare by The Surfers
Thank you!
Thanks!
RT : Love the hash tag.
probably beaten to the punch but Greeks as EU citizens can live and work legally in any other EU member state..
That was a terrible shot...
C'mon now Miller.
what you know bout them night terrors
thanks for the s.o.
:
when does it go until?
Is there a list of places that are participating?
This is my song!
NP Anthony Hamilton Point of it All
cuz its my thinking time lol
Omg what even.
Vampire Diaries!
Omg
lol my bad doe.
But i was just listening to u singing on youtube that bruno mars song it will rain .lol u sound really great!
Alarm clocks: Because every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
I will come to your house and rape you while you sleep
: My car doubles as a sauna when it's hot.
Well at least you made it!
Instateam members never fail their objectives...
unless it's winning Nooks.
Have a good flight!
I just keep looking at my phone..
waiting..
wanting..
loving.
Why is it when I can't sleep I make a dumb Decision by putting on 24....
doing crosswords and wishing wells on chippewa..
know your self?
a new beloved?
thanks wishing well!
I wish I could mute people in real life....
Babe Didoctorkson, named athlete of the century, 14 LPGA wins in 2 yrs, 3 Olympic medals, died way too young at 45 of cancer.
Inspiring!
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are
Sunday's are always boring...
Back in NYC.
Looking seriously into Live Event and TV Hosting training/auditions!!
Becoming one of our followers on the day you're getting ready to go to dinner with Buzz Aldoctorn?
Epic!
Hope you had a great time...
I think I saw Danielle
Watching Smash.
Anjelica Huston is the best.
Somewhere in Italy I lost my ability to doctornk whiskey...
I'm sexy  I know it!
Lol, idk why but I felt like saying that lbs
Dont let ur legs fall off cause if they do u wont be able to dance for ur wonderful fans.
So.
I have one more Sunday and one more Wednesday.
AH!
:
Love the throwback uniform
: You got a down ass bitch, better keep her please tell me where to find one bro
That fab death come in 3's go hard!
I like track 2 the hardest.
Why didn't text me back from yesterday...: sad face.
bye bye love ya as a frnd miss u huggs bye
e scrapbook so good....
typewriters looking for people in Denver who use typewriters for my story today
Had a great day with my kids i love those little girls:
should I spread it like wildfire it like a disease?
Haha
RT : When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
now to finish my presentation for AAM, go to work, pack, apply for 4 or 5 jobs, and leave for MN next Sat.
Doesn't seem like enough time!
Praying for an Arts  Enterainment  Media Reformation!
haha glad you like it!
:
That moment when you taste something you're cooking and realize it is going to be delicious.
We're heading off to the doctorss rehearsal!
Will try to get some good pics....
Grand Rapids or bust.
So excited to see old friends and new at the Festival of Faith and Writing!
I hate my life..
I already have an electric mower!
Thank you for sharing!
Our Major League Baseball System Stolen Base has Game 3 of 3.
We are in for a monumental payday.
Game Changers members it's our time.
RT : Childoctorn get recess, but what is your favorite adult downtime activity that helps keep you balanced?
So, is there life after death?
Also, how did the chili peppers get those socks to stay on their dongs?
manitaaaa dime ready pa el sabado!!!
wud go to Woodstock.
word yeah shits funny as hell
'Tis the season, UPS screws up yet again.
Somehow decided to send something to my old addoctorss instead of contacting me.
When You're Walking Directly Behind Someone Walking Super Slow And You're Just Thinking, GO!!...
Changed up my username, fitting..
Yes please!
My mom told me that is her favorite and hes cute.
omfg.
I fckin love verse in monsters in my head
Summer 2012 registration is now open at audiscover.org Classes include DWC In the Wild: Costa Rica, Video Production, Newswriting and more!
thx for the retweet.he found out she was leaving last second and is scrambling for a replacement.house is epic too :
Seeing you on tuesday is always a welcome relief you didn't give in to your suicidal thoughts on monday.
I don't care what other girls might say Niall is my FAVORITE boy in One Direction!
RT Night I'm gonna doctoram and hold the love of my life!
See u all tomorrow!
It feels so wrong cuz it feels so right, but it's all right it's okay with me
THE VOICE!!!
Woooohoooo
Bob Nightengale from USA Today talking baseball next!
Mile High Sports, AM 1510
I spent many dollars that day.
And Bhi Bhiman found a new fan tonight.
Subversive, funny.
And he sings about imperialism.
Dude, the first round is on me!
Looking for folks in SD who are bringing their kids to work tomorrow, DM me or call 6192931350.
cause u bblack
id love to see the pacers beat them
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Henry Ford
I wouldn't even call it a job for that matter.
love this.
:
What a Perfect Day.
No better way to start it than by coming to Blifferts Customer Appreciation Party.
FREE LIVE MUSIC, FREE FOOD!
C'mon by!
Why this weekend over!
It is never long enough...
Law degree!
You don't need MFA.
Diversify your skills.
Spoken from an author with an Econ degree.
hey, guys!
Looks like you got hit with that icky spam hacker.
Might want to check that out.
I hate people who text you first then won't text you back.
It's gonna be a boring day ever..
That interview was pretty valuable and informative.
I thought you might like it!
:
I love my guy who is graduating from costal bend college today.
Made it out of the streets of duval to a cap n gown.
Finally done filming!
Would love too :
Soulja Boy still exists!
shocking 
Come on NYR!!!!!
PLEASE WIN!!
Sure we're not getting some calls but we has to be more aggressive ...on both ends
I'm doing a series of 4x5 film self portraits with the exposure time being dictated by the length of time that I sleep.
yay!
I hope it's soon.
I need my albino soul mate.
I love today!
I've arrived in twitter land!!!!!
Woo hoo!!
Thanks Paul.
I'll work on my Florida geography, but am excited to join the wombat migration southward
You said it yourself: Twitter's not necessarily the right medium.
And I have way too much shit going on today.
Marshall to the Bears?
Shit!
We needed him.
aww feel betterr!!
what do u have?
:
I'll be there in 45 min.
after I wake up
I swear if fanny pak stays and rng leaves i will flip a shit
Trained to go Literally
First single dance mix being done for clubs ha ha sounds cool, you will hear it soon
TY I am!
Just finishing assembly of beautiful shelf unit for my dining room.
Hope your weekend it great as well!
Torn.
as a native Kansas Citian/ Packers rival I say no, as a cheese lover I say YES.
ahhaha it was a joke
Lucky.
What adventures you've had  and to think you get to begin another as a dad..Hope you've got plenty of java on hand ;
truth :D
Starting web design for RandomDistribution.com ready to start bouncing ideas off of Fronz and get things set for the first show recording!
What the fuck just happened!!
it took like 3 weeks or so.
the guy was great to work with!
i highly recommend it!
In the library I just discovered archival materials of a Baton Rouge theatre group from the 1920s.
Totally geeking out.
Looks like we will see you in Barcelona as well.
Visit us at the Novatel Booth at 1A55.
Safe travels!
I know a good theater that few kids go to.
I'd tell you where it was, but then that would change.
just launched Current Weather, launching a blog about Mobile Working, creating app company.
Oh yeah!
nuggets FTW!
We're taking this to 7!!
CC
We'd be spectacular together Michelle.
Xoxo
Thanks to our new followers: , , , , and It feels good to make new friends!
Oh how I love Zang Toi!
Hilarious surprise to the end of his African queeninspired show: a svelte Kirstie Alley as the finale model :

Whazzup with your Giants!?
Gotta score in the red zone!
Come on Eli, I'm cheering for you since Aaron isn't playing today!
Tie game!
I hope I'm not on that list  especially since you never IM any more :
All I ever wanted All I ever needed Is here in my arms
Hey Roberts, cool neck tattoo.
Yikes.
wtf?
tearing up a little here.
A rikitikitavay if you don't get it you never will
Saw awesome license plate today: SCUBN8R
I hope you're right.
s/o to !
: WeGoinToWurk!
Ugh i hate that I have to be at work at 11 today, but the only brightside is I'm not closing!!
Thank you to the newcomers for joining my fan page  WELCOME and HAPPY HOLIDAY'S
include the tip in the price and the motivation for good service goes away.
Pics or it didn't happen.
working man working
Retraction, starting today, I will celebrate for 54 days instead.
do you follow me so I can em you
im sorry but is mine.
so wonderful to have you there!
so, my Friday consist of me babysitting my little brother while my parents go out...
fun.
:D
And the movie just seems illegal.
Right?
oh sorry, definitely u can!
I'm not trying to say u can't...u never seen Spartacus movie?
RT : Exxon/Mobil earned 18 billion in professorts, paid no taxes and received a 156 million tax refund.
Republican math is...
Agree RT : : Matt Flynn is going to be a great Packers trivia question in about 1520 years.
so true
Now I'm thinking go to the launch party.
decisionsdecisions What should I do ppl?
Walking at least 2 hours per week lowers diabetics mortality rate.
The guy that played Banner in Avengers killed it.
still trying to figure this out
Bam!
Just Like That.
.99 Worth a try  first chapters of The Phoenix Apostles
please follow them too much you love yours fan please  3
If Bonds got off, there's no point in this Clemens 'trial.' Hell, have of'm just want an autograph.

Typed nothing about Diller; was Mum's Day Hijinx!
The voice of Luigi in Pixars Cars is lending his voice to vote YES for OneVoice OneUnion!!
Thanks
Chill I'm the best texter out here lol RT : I hate he texts so slow 
Don't mind me, Im too busy watching deadliestcatch to care what's going on.
Gd morning loves ;
I Know Right : 
: THIS IS AN OFFICIAL NSK WARNING FOR TUESDAY, MAY 15TH.
No Sleep Kidd is officially and formally...
YAY!!!
O says As long as I'm Pres a bit too often!
MJ on my Pandora...Wednesday, thank you.
Thank you very much.
I would go to Galveston, TX for Beach fun in the sun.
need to figure out where I'm living later this year
I want chu to DM me
YOU LEFT YOUR FLASH doctorVE!!!!!
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things.
It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
We know Twitter kills verbosity  does it kill depth of expression?
Always?
I'll try and hold off On the red carpet
Cathy, did I tell you about my word of the day twitter game?
Use the WotD in a tweet, add definethis.
I select winners MF.
Fun!
that was my first impression :/
Thanks!
just throwin'some new stuff out there and testing the waters.
He's everything any girl could ever ask for and more.

WASSUP DUDES?
READY TO COME TO KANSAS?
That sequence where Pau gave up the long rebound, Bynum blocked Faried's shot and Pau still let KF score: embarrassing.
This has been the longest week of my life.
2 hours to go until the weekend!
Do you want a 3D TV or laptop?
Why or why not?
How are you??!!
We should do a skirt run in CP as soon as it warms up.
Dang its been raining for a week, need to get out for some cycling
this whole 3D printing thing is blowing my mind.
playing in Nashville this season, give me some DP fav spots around here
I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now iy don't know your doctorams, then they can't shoot em down
Will Smith Supports President Obama's Call for Higher Taxes on Top Earners
i think so go check!
Time for morning juicing process to begin...
apple, beet, ginger, spinach, lemon and carrots.
Remember when MTV used to be tolerable?...
90's
have a safe trip  let's go freddie jacobson!!!
Babysittin my cousins!
:D
Sometimes I just wanna give up, on everything .
Starting the long ride home.
We'll miss the Trance Family we met, but we made fun memories and we will all be together one day again :D
haha oh yea?
you are beautiful.3
RemarkableRunners Overweight to Endurance Athlete team all had gastric bypass or lapband surgery  changed their eating, exercise, health
It's coming along...put out an EP a little while back, and working up some new songs for another...
wait wat happen wat i do
Never forget those who perished on this day, and to those who protect us from the evil doings of others.
God Bless the USA!!
Hope you're enjoying the gorgeous day!
Get Up, Get Out  Work Your Body.
I can't believe how humid it is today!
Feels 95, not 75.
I do not miss Florida.
How was the LAM event?
I meant to go but had to work on evaluation instead.
Another day another dollar?
No.
Today I'm trying to makeadifference with this gift called
Listening to some Material Issue before my two favorite NFL teams square off in a meaningless game.
Ribs and baked beans baby!
Thx babe..
I will..
Have a great morning!
4 xx RT : sleep well darling 4
Evidently Aaron Sorkin has agreed to write the new Steve Jobs movie
hell ya!
Did you buy any?: you know you did.
on my left playing every pot.
Rest of table is soft.
Enjoying the demonstrations psf2012.
Saw an owl, a robot and a volcano!
About 4 minutes...some Be Curly, Confixor, scrunching and I am out the door.
Just realised my Simple Plan tickets haven't come...
It's tonight :s
Did u know: one can not pick frozen pepperoni off a frozen pizza to make it veggie....is that on purpose?
no need to apologize, it's all part of the election excitement !!!
Keep trying bro u know how may of these questions she gets?
Have to say we have the best event planning intern on the planet!
Have a happy day:
Gorgeous day in Denver.
Who is going to be grilling up some bratwurst this evening?
DavidFreese and AllenCraig for and , throw in Ryan Howard for all I care...let's make it happen
I would love to go to immersion.
When is it?
Its I'm Seattle, right?
I'll be down there July 28.
we do go way back back to like 8th grade :o
Just got the cutest dip dyed denim shorts ever3
finally in
Follow my boss up  coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!!
Keep in touch xx
Gonna finish watching this last novela n then sleep!
Good night twitter bugs :
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
hittin up my crib this weekend
Feel like seeing a movie...any suggestions?
I imagine being in a new place can easily consume your time.
Is it hard to find work while overseas?
Do you look for local work?
when I try to watch it says: Video is private
Debating on going back to Vegas tonight...
Heading over to speak w/ at LegCon12 press conference, calling on Congress to prevent student loan rates from doubling in July!
Shoutout to the new for celebrating their history  we've got a pretty similar one, and it's quite fascinating.
Cheers, guys!
haha!
What can I say?
My childhood was magical!!!
Bad news about Jermichael Finley!
How do you think this affects the Packers' Season?
Relax and recharge
Hey thanks for the RT David!
Trusted researchers who do good work can be elevated to reviewer status to help review work of other researchers.
VEVOnewfront.
Execs from Digitas and discussing high engagement and social sharing for online audiences.
Exploring tablet and ereader possibilities, ideally a device that also allows for use w/ Chinese dictionary app's...
suggestions welcome.
RT : Every morning I sit on my bed, looking at my closet and think What would Kate Middleton do?
What do you mean, just left?
Did you know Melissa McCarthy is Jenny McCarthy's cousin?
GG trivia tidbit
Happy Monday!!
Saying G'nite everyone.
I've got some writing to do.
Looks like Aldoctordge is back in the lineup tonight.
we're 4 games under and 30 run diff.
Its ok to stop pretending like this team is a contender.
Day to day can still be enjoyable
You must keep investing in your career even if it isnt giving you all you want exactly when you want it.
Too hard to get to in the glove compartment...
but the little pocket thingy on my doctorver's side door is FULL of them!
healthtip: It is best to buy fresh fruit and vegetables in season for your region.
Luck says communicating to both sides of conflict is important
CONGRATS TO OUR ROCK STAR OF THE WEEK!!!!
CHAD and a special Happy Birthday shout out to our Sales Manager Melanie!
Former colleague had names stored up hoping news org would do this.
Penny for your thoughts.
My two cents.
Thanks!
And we're great, she's actually moving in with me  We finish moving her stuff in tomorrow.
You'll not change urself 4 anyone...!!
BUT you wil be automatically changed when you are addicted towards someone!.....
what?
even MORE fuckable.
What.
A.
Fag.
:' okay Goes Running to your house
hey, I've been well 
It's getting to be that time of year when a beanie, hooded sweatshirt and 40 extra pounds of weight isn't enough to keep you warm outside
oh how exciting
I just texted my mentor...
What if she's a Flyers fan???
Obviously the question of if she's a rapist doesn't concern me lol
In 1978 James Coburn set a GuinnessWorldoctorcord for being paid 250,000 per syllable to speak 2 words for a Schlitz Light beer commercial.
This is the READING room, not for obnoxious conversations or BET Awards.
It's alot of Females who need to feel this way
: Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game deep
Friday's have the opposite effect on me.
I move faster and get more done knowing its Friday.
But, I still have to work Sat.
Follow me now:
prime rib
: Football  Basketball 168MoreDays BoomerSooner Ill second that !
there's no use tweeting with him.
He just doesn't get it lol.
It's not worth our time
Any music that just MADE you listen recently?
Open to all likes here!
When He's through you won't even have the makes of bondage on your wrists or ankles!
Deliverance and healing is pure!
Thanks to the wonderful business professorssionals at the Huntsville Chamber  biz after hours event tonight  you made a newcomer very welcome!
Great job on the website redesign!
I back in the gym today too.
Been a week and a half yikes!
I am a very complex and multifaceted person...
who never sleeps.
Most headshots/most kills.
3 games strait.
thanks!
I felt bad about that too!!!
LOL ;
whenever we are having a fucked up day at the office..gonna think about this day..and the groove we had w our fellow craftbeer lovers

booing a kid's MLB debut is absolutely ridiculous.
hey, do know if you want to meet us or not.
But Cassidy and I are gettin together tomorrow at 12 in the library
my new motto courtesy of : no boys on valentines day
Thanks for following!
Everyone: This is a great program!
Check them out!
No service at Otter Creek yay.
Yet another reason to switch to Verizon....
Who's coming tonight to close out the 2011 Meetup season w/?
www.meetup.com/Spreenkler
world's 1 home entertainment buying guide says You'd be hardpressed to find a better cable for the money.
5Stars Chroma HDMI
thank you Brandon!
What a beautiful day!
Enjoy!
washingtonstategolf There is a new great free golf app out at andoctorid and apple app store GolfWashington.
Load it on your smartphone.
RT : RT : Congratulations to doctor Khator, the 2012 Executive Communicator of Year award from IABC....
Pujols went 6/40 last year to start, so I'm not worried about any slow start.
Objection Oriented Programming
I survived Indiana's great sunblock shortage of 2012.
Camping in Thrashers Woods after productive day  hitting it early tom.
RT : Neither you nor The Game should return, to be honest.
RT : I will not be returning to The Game for season 6.
I do and a bum finger is better than blood on the pants.
New post coming.
Tell your mom, tell your friends!
: Failure is inevitable vikki lee taught that when you accept failure you become a failure
hi alicce.
plz dont feel sad it makes me sad..
msg miami or tampa?
BEA Bloggers Attendee Spotlight: Chicks Dig Books
This is 1 funeral I really don't want to go to :'
Teen Titans!
I work at night but I'm free after :
On my way to bts chillin with bitches and girl LOL !!!!!!!
Lmao
: I'll take goose over ciroc any day...
Ladies and Gentlemen the people who like to joke with their real life doctorma:
NAIOP WI DL's had lunch today w Fran Brzezinski of InterstatePtnrs.
TY to series sponsor HSI Properties.
Mark Irgens is our next guest.
I was logged in as Peter accidentally, I made a comment under his professorle!!
:0
Prepare to feel the wrath of
Someone should text me and cheer me up 
Even crime wouldn't pay if the government ran it.
I asked him where he heard that and apparently it's from Inspector Gadget :
Great rehearsal last night!
Polished up some more new songs :
Grrrrr!
That works
Work.
Homework.
Sleep.
Hopefully it goes well :
I have a car wash to be at in half and hour and i'm still in bed .
What's wrong with me .
Sounds like my kinda man.
I don't believe in superstition, but I do believe people can be huge jerks when they don't even know anything about someone.
I worry that focus on measurable is too narrow.
I hate spongebob , and of corse, my little cousin loves it
oh and by the way, I hope your gf and your baby know what kind of fuck you are for making me want to die.
fuck you asshole
Fact: working out raises your selfesteem truth.
Feeling like a hot momma right now haha
Thanks!
Keep up the good work.
Overheard in rehearsal: Clear vowels is the only thing Latin has going for it  don't deprive it of that!
RT : Fre up www.nfl.com/huddle and sb46.twitter.com for the second half of EpicSunday
It's hard to believe that I've been up for 3 hours already I feel so dead and sound like an elderly chain smoker.
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday  Wellington was there haha :
another beautiful day!
ice cream is on the horizon for me..
In the edit studio with working on the next classic video directed by
So, should I read the Game of Thrones books?
Your life emerges from the greatest mind  the kindest heart in the history of the universe: the mind  heart of God!
Good morning all!
Wishing everyone a happy  blessed Tuesday!
yes!!!
I say that to people all the time!
xD
Sleep with a Pikachu?
: I woke up and my whole body is staticy, what did I do?
THE MOTOR CITY IS GOING DOWN DOWN DOWN.
Tonight at 7pm with and at the lab at 7pm.
Headlining at 8pm in the main room.
Happy mexico!
Open tonight 3rd n stark late night stop for sausages!
3 dollar Beef special.
Garlic ketchup, aiolis, a grip of mustards!
It has been over an hour since I have heard an update and the site is still down!
WhyDoIHaveTo be the one to make this work
From North to South Theys all kinds of Fun :
yoooo...the troops said you killed!
5 Hate it when guy in front of you tries to get to his seat in the middle of an AB?
Had a wall of 6 people blocking my view several times
FYI, Delta delays still occurring despite your tweets!
Scotsman and an Englishman walk into an airport...it's like a bad joke!
M....skunk cabbage.
It's finally starting to smell like spring around here.
r u having connectivity issue?
I miss already.
Perhaps I will Stay in yr Time, considered.
Cat's Claw, White Willow Bark: natural alternatives to the Ibuprofessorn.
Repurposing old library positions for new what's your wish list?
: ohwe wish we could deliver that far!
But at least you know where to go when you're in NY!
Speaker available on Upstate New York Genealogy  www.unyg.com
what's your other account I can't find it
oh, Miami!
Haha :P Come to New York!
It's probably about the same!
I want a cup wen she threw
I am blessed...and when I think about my life within the context that the world is not my world...I am humbled.
how do I disable the thumbnail that selective tweets posts to FB?
Help!
Thanks!
How cool to see all the CDFI's tweeting !
God bless you and thank you
I'm starting to think...
Those who SAY they got game in fact don't.
i live here, come see me.
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
at 7:30 ?
That is when Jerry and I will be back there.
If not ..
Tell me where U R at 7:30 and we will come there.
Ok?

Thank you kindly for your recent RTs and mentions
How ironic  it is breast cancer awareness month  my mom just found a lump two weeks ago, surgery this week, she's ok!
Yea!
Think you can sell?
We'll pay you for it!
Now hiring in Pittsburgh for Sales Reps.
www.trgcs.com/joinus/html
we MAY have saw his house.
nytnyt and sweet doctorams buddy tiffy hope you had a great day love you so much my dear buddy 3
Disappointed, i hope Denver pulls out some amazing picks tomorrow
Great!
Shoot us an email whenever you'd like to submit!
I don't remember that episode of Sesame Street.
school.
please die
wait, seriously...
I guess this New World Order is inevitable...
My world is with Jesus Christ!
Kidney stone surgery today....
You've got to earn your love up in this part of town.
hey when you switched to 'new format' why did you change my privacy settings?
chk your googlegroups 'basic access' settings
Ah yeah
Clearly off harden
I heart my KANGEN water.
When old besfriends don't reply to your almost once every few month text  damn.
Wait, banana clip, shoulder bare, scrunchie socks and nkotb earrings in.
Now I'm ready for 80s night.
Looking forward to a fantastic new year.
I think everyone deserves one right!
That's fantastic!
RT Hazewalker: 9 days and no wheat, loss 3 pounds as a bonus.
Senior prom at Tenafly High
Using an unfollow website or app to call out people who unfollow you that you never followed in the first place.
I don't get it.
no but I doctornk coffee in it this morning.
No spills
TheMorningJones Bomani  what petition do we need to start to bring the show back
That's what I was wondering!
Happy friday 13th!!!
Oh, scary!
:
Parking lot paving, doctorveway repair, shoulder grading tomorrow in Brookfield Pewaukee Whitewater Hartland  Keep an eye out for us :

1954 Sun Records release the first Elvis Presley single That's Alright Mama  Blue Moon of Kentucky 
FRIDAY!
...
what to do this weekend ...
be confident; but be real...
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Layin in bed sick...
Headed to see if DJ P is really playing records on 39th.
Good Night, I have to get my beauty sleep!
I have no idea what I'm doing with myself anymore.
If u want me to do a studio version cover of Boyfriend the RETWEET this!
King james
Nah.
Fear of the unknown is a waste of time.
One needs to be nimble in these times.
Karl Rove Group Claims Its Attack Ads Aren't Political huffpost And since you asked, Rove has never been in politics!
hbd bud!
Gl!
omg, so grateful I haven't missed the chance to grab my books after work tonight!!
Thank you!
4/26 join us for to support the We will donate 25 of your check and will match it  for !
Going to catch lunch, so will won't take you up on ur generous offer yEs, we are go!
Come to the Kennedy's for your haircut!
Call 4073339411 to find out more and for great deals!
as wade stands there
u have an interesting name!
Cracked screen replacement
your not bout that life
I can not attend the mall Saturday to meet people for tickets BUT remember to be there at 5pm to see the other buttfaces!
oh I might come say hi!
: I'm still at school just got out
Africa Teacher Foundation Presents AFRICAN VIBES
Had a long day
he's on craack or some.
Do you live in the district that you want to represent?
We can ask every day until nov.
if you want.
Just stumbled into your blog.
Everything on there is GOLD!
These words you are saying; I know them and I didn't even have to look them up first.
:P
How big is your vocabulary?
My account keeps saying Your account may not be allowed to perform this action.
Try logging out and in again.
What's the deal!?
i wanna be a whore just like you!
wouldn't that be cool!?!?!
..
Lol.
I recently attended the International Retained Search Associates fall conference...overall attitude/confidence was up from our spring conf
yep me to really excited!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!
I get 2 see my love today!!!!!
Ahh!
So excited!
I was going to vote for myself for jagoff after giving that first game loser stat and getting our hopes up, but I have...
Taking the boat out for the first time this summer.: and going to visit both sets of grandparents.
3
love your passion for equal rights.
You're right Christianity is about LOVE and GOD.
The greatest gift of all!!

no kidding!
We are in a damn dome!
It is not slick!
Working on our roof.
So loud.
But soon no leaking ceiling!
Tho stuff keeps falling on the A/C  that can't be good.
Are you a travel agent/agency?
Nunez still has to make up another run from his error
we Gucci ;
Thanks for the great coffee!
RT : Thanks for hosting smbmsp40!
Steve Blake hits 3 threes and starts trending?
I heard he's releasing a new LP where he whistles the dying song of a nearextinct Galapagos Swallow
there's rumors about harry actually being gay wut
elite tv is interviewing interns for Radio n television producers, radio personalities, and show bookings inbox for info.
good job keep going
freaks me out
Probably piada today!
Diversity's strength is the ability to Unite people of different backgrounds around common principles 
Ohh my bad
It's that time of week again, all you can eat for 31.
The highest quality AYCE sushi in Chicago.
Period.
south of the border?
need you help.....
please comment your answer for a big bet!!!
how many pets do you have????
Amos St Germain  recalling Snow's claims that scientists  humanities types work  think differently, can't and won't meet
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
The JLo Kohls TV spots need to stop, please!
I'm about to try Zumba for the first time and I'm doing it in a group class at Chesapeake.
This was probably a bad idea...
But who picked chicago to win it anyway right?
looks like bos vs heat in conf finals
definitely agree for the long run
he needs to live in fast forward like we do
FF she is an amazing Actress!
she also is very sweet, and very gorgeous, so go follow her she's incredible :
Peter is so whack.
RHOA reunion
well neither do the other band mates...
I think I'm all alone on this one.
It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know.
theirs a few guys who dont agree with my style throwin it at me, YUP they Cliff Lee wit it now
I mith you.
More love for new Tweeps
Which local Chinese do you recommend?
I haven't found a great place yet.
ThMorUKno: The Book of Revelation is as much a political statement as religious.
I won two of three of my pools.
Even so, my 2012 men's bracket might not even make my top five women's brackets of all time, including 2012.
Not sure I really needed to see Landon Donovan shirtless in his postgame interview.
Other dudes' chest hair is pretty distracting.
Car sales at Ford Motor Company were up 8 percent; Focus was the biggest seller with sales up 78 percent during this period.
guess who's back?
this girl!
it was greatTV!
hey handsome!
Indy Rainmakers provides opportunities to network, learn and improve the bottom line.
It's still up to you to follow through and connect.
no we live in dallas.
We just playing some shows in cny!
How bout u?
When I was younger and they asked me to pick a number between one and ten I couldn't even get that right.
Weekend off to a good start.
A W for Bobcats
ok i will
All I want to do is watch Disney movies now..after live countdown of course!
.
ha.
yeah good point.
It takes two to speak the truth  one to speak, and another to hear
RT when some one try's to to explain what the did wrong this is what you get.uh,oh,um,um,ya,no,maybe,ok it was his all his idea.
This evening, be sure to let my playlist help you wind down.
Let me know what song is your favorite!
Ali, Shadows of the Pomegranate Tree.
1st of 5 novel series on Islamic history traces the brutal fall of Muslim Grenada through one family.
meh.
not that interested in it...it just says ongina followed by to the right of my timeline.
thought id ask.
:d
Brian Earl Spilner.
Sounds like a cop name.
Are you a cop?
AND HE SOUNDS SO GOOD.
it was decent, had a tough session Saturday, but about to go on vaca so hopefully that helps.
Call u Thurs :
I'm about to rip mine up!
which 2 you miss?
k twitter i am back from my nap!
:
I tend to agree.
I wonder what engine they are actually using?
Lets go Lakeshow.
ik it sucks.
But what u were saying earlier about just.
were u being serious?
You're welcome!
I was listening in on edchat and enjoyed seeing what everyone was sharing!
hahaha thanks but no im not, you are and take it i hate my accent hahaha3
But it's not worse!
RT : boesch's plate discpline hasn't improved .
cost of a billboard
how did it go this morning?
well shut da front door....
Look who decided to join us
Also, is dead?
doctorft 2 of EP mixes is in!
Share a smile today;
That's funny!!
RT : Bring on the unpaid in the final
Certainly!
I am just catching up with our standings!
This year I'm following more sports than politics.
post ride burrito with my kids is always a good call.
plus i like to help a cycling sponsor when i can.
Thanks for checking in Have a great trip!
haha okay: I will:
Science class was funny today!!
K.L.'s umbrella broke 1 of the fish tanks!
I hear my name Repeating like a prayer Within the chambers of the early morning air
RT Kevin, hey neighbor.
Ashley I looked for your pic and hoped to connect.
Yes, Let's slide!
WE LOVE AUSTIN !

I just saw your suggestions now  thanks!!!
I'll be sure to mention u once I check them out!
One more quirky cliched phrase
Coffee and beef jerky
you have a cell phone or something
First a mediocre coffee from Barista Fair Trade, now a soul crushing cup of Nespresso.
Never forgetting to bring my coffee grinder again
You call them Haters.
I say they're Sand Castle Kickers.
Dear cable companies  it's 2012, I think the technology exists to equalize the volume on all the commercials you air.
Look into it.
yes!
It's the best.
What are the odds that you reading this tweet?
1 in a million..?
:
that's the same thing Just givng the pussy up
Rightly said, same here.
It's sad how people do cancer jokes.
Its cruel.
Cancer is no joke.
and for sure not funny.
vsa2011 the closing session already?!?
Time flues when you're having fun!
What a great first VSA!
Must be nice for Ohio State to get a virtual home game as an 8 seed.
Prom Is Next Week !
The caricature was Bob Sirott!
Stay with your friend if theyre going to throw up.
Look for signs of alcohol poisoning like slow or irregular breathing.
State Farm Life Introduces New Joint Universal Life Product
you doing Little Red Corvette or Might Real has nuances.
Palin is NO Sandoctor Bernhard!
Lol
I would like for everyone else to stop claiming that they have the best mom in the world, because it is wellknown that my mommy is da best!
Ohh...a cocktail sounds great right about now....even if it is too early!
Happy Weekend to you too
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind :
Happy Easter :
I'll always protect people.
I know what it's like and I will fight for ppl.
taking cardboard load to recycle container
Another Reason to Consider Document Scanning: Reduce Storage Costs.
Apparetly I load offers to my and never see the statement credits!
A fast paced lifestyle can take its toll on the health and appearance of Americans.
they will definitely lol : Lakers might get swept!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why do you love and ?
boxing Mayweather will never beat Pacquiao.
Never!
holy poop.
Friend of your bros......holy followers woman!
I am not worthy!
Rabbit au vin with Swiss chard, baby carrot, confit shallots...chefs tasting menu today for only 25
I almost tweeted a bunch of FF mentions.
You can clearly see where my head is today.
:
Not till Wednesday technically, but it's my birthday week.
:
Gain clarity  map out exactly what brings u authentic happiness.
Retune ur brain  surround yourself w/ things that u love!
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness  love.
William Wordsworth
Are you thinking of converting to Mexicanism?
Thank you CLE for a great weekend.
Book with us for bottle  transportation deals.
Special Thanks to
thanks, Joel!
It was perfect.
Ridin to my bro WeekendAtBurnies One Life
are you following NYUdebate?
hopefully...
Ron Shiffman's got good stuff to say!
i swear they rep cali to the fullest 400000000000000000
: I swear i'm just sitting here waiting for you to call.sorry I musts fell asleep:/
20ThingsAboutMe 18 I hate being stared at but I stare at people.
I listen to too many love songs lol
Justin Turri just got hat trick
Customer Testimonial: 311 saved me from having to run around back and forth.
They gave me all the information that I needed with one phone c
It use to be about doing Something, now it's about being someone.
Pierce Brosnan iceberg parasurfing on a tidal wave.
Forgot how much I love James Bond Movies.
LOL
My Speech and Discussion classes: Be ready with your 2 minute Golden Week speeches for the next class.
:
doctorNK.
RT What to do when you give a party and honored guest winds up in ER before party begins?
This song nasty but it's funny too lol..I like it ;
Defense asking for recusal of D.A.
Dumanis in Sweetwater case.
Thx for the follow.
We've seen your wines performing well in a few of our BC clients.
Congrats!
Cheers!
Emily Owens looks decent on The CW.
Thank you so much for your support of the and 's first Early Bird doctorwing!
Ticket sales were incredible!
Stay tuned for more
Here we go aain!
RETWEET this for a chance to win FREE Tickets to our show June 15th!
with Fuel
Make it a God Day..He Rocks!!
Lmaoo!
He's Going To Hell :o
Same deal here.
Thanks, We're all getting excited and can't wait
no, because you'd be the worst winggirl ever LOL.
I hate social networks, can't stand them.
Yeahaw Jester's dead.
No he's no, he was a badass heavy on Justified tonight.
Harlan County  Detroit!
Next time I'm on facebook, I'm going invisible.
This boy is a stalker.
haha thank you!!
Are you hosting the L.O.L Comedy show tomorrow at the Nile?
this dude in my class was just so embarrassed when he got called on and forgot what he wanted to say
this face : is a fake smile most of the time
I got so many RT's on the OMM lyrics lol
it was a little obvious
We appreciate your support!!!
haha hey; where were u?
yesssirrr you already know we did it big again...miss you my dude.
Get back down here so we can get that taq queso
At the Empire State Building.
Security is tighter here than at TriCities Regional Airport
g00d morning there's always time to dance!!
Um is it just me or does the rap parts of beiber's boyfriend sound just like the gall bladder rap?
yes.
Very proud of the work my unrbrand students did this semester.
Some of them far exceeded my expectations.
The enlightenment of quality control philosophies  from Feigenbaum to Juran
ariel and i went to keith's earlier.
lol.
am now lol
Thanks Janet!
Headed to Heart for delicious coffee!
Keurig coffee maker in the office.
Add this to the list of reasons why I'm a happy intern here at
lol....for some reason I imagined you punching the computer screen
i need to release some stress man ......
;
What will take my students 2d designs of guitars and make them 3d.
Any ideas o wise brain trust?

Life right now 
Happiest Birthday !
Thank you for being an amazing  for keeping things interesting!
May there be a lot more interestingness ahead!
oh, i've seen some hot tee's i'ma cop for June, July, and August!
time to step my game up!
Executive Director Susan Danish: We must develop more juniorleague women as community  civic leaders
I love that idea!
RT : All 4pm Friday meetings should come with an adult beverage.
Make it so.
Lol I keep tearing up when I look at that baby.
Darn him lol
i'm bummed that disney made it, only because it probably won't be close to honest about the real walt.
still stoked though.
woman I'm panicking
Nice 9,2,6,2 double play by the Indians to end the inning.
Twins lead 30 so far.

Thanks for the follow!
We appreciate your support.
thanks Haleigh!
:D
what are you in the city for?!
Overtime Tune In For Real And Raw Sports Talk In 45 Mins Only On GoMileHigh.Com!!!
Sometimes I really feel like what I have to say is important.
This is not one of those times.
HI FRIEND
Yep RT: Great conflict of the Big Dance: I have Mizzou in Final 4.
But how can I root against Norkfolk State now?
yes I would lol.
my condolences.
Thoughts and prayers with you.
looks like a fab Friday to me
your probably on the plane or in Miami now, but I hope you have a great time!
Do they have subway there?
sect astrology STAR night sect mates  moon, venus, mars.
mercury's sect is determined by whether it rose before or after the sun.
6WordSciFiStory  Oh My God!
Earth is gone!
The only thing that makes it a part of your life is that you keep thinking about it.
That would be very cool.
I'm really looking forward to Innocent Darkness!
Happy mothers day, to all the mothers out there!
Apparently Judiciary Square is the hot new dance spot for DC.
We're going to have to look into creating a Price Benowitz dance team...
let's this week!
Thursday evening Radha?
Ergo.
U cant use bond  for salaries.
But by being smart on targeting bonds
Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see.
Only one c is necessary in necessary.
Cerus Corporation announced that its second quarter 2011 financial results will be released on July 28, 2011 at 4:15et
Congrats to Sounders!
Open Cup champs for 2nd straight year!
I don't give a sht  go home and play with your kids!
dude u check ur txt?
The dial tone of a normal telephone is in the key of F
My head has been pounding all day long...side effects!
Cleveland is the city that come from so run, run
Back into FMA on BluRay.
Epic Winry FTW
We are back in the office today after being offsite for our TBRI training last week.
If you ordered DVDs last week, we will ship them soon!
Cool to see LAPL branches like and using social media to promote reading and community evolvement!
Just gonna be watching 's live chat for the next hour...couldve have a friend over but right now Ari's more important!
SHOWCASE SUNDAYS!
NOW LOOKING 4 SAN ANTONIO'S FUNNIEST COMEDIANS  RECORDING ARTIST....COME PERFORM ON THE LIVEST STAGE IN TOWN 2108239448
Lack of communication amongst doctors is a huge problem.
this is the girl I was expecting the first time.
The goal is to make school so boring that the only thing left for students to do is learn.
We're almost there!
if one direction and ed sheeran did a song together i think there would be to much perfectness for me to handle
Congrats on the new awesome show!!
yay!!
Go Jennifer!!
I just caught myself singing kissed by a rose seal Wow
I can't believe I actually got my room done ugh looks amazing 3
Don't forget get about the Earthdaybikeparadepgh ;
.
Re: immigration, we need to get rational about this.
I enjoyed your interview on vokle!
I design custom qr codes for the Sacramento region.
I may have to check out your book
Already using scroogle, now to disenGooge step by step and see how far I get.
Now about that doctorid, hrm..
Join us for Forensics Today with the South Bend Crime Lab at the Centre Branch on April 5th at 1pm.
Pre register online or call 2513700.
Always be positive
If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
Y'all grilling?
Well, wise girls will be lonelyforever  Love without reservation  listen without thinking and he'll want to stay
You look like Neil Simon at a Red Sox game.
What part are you on or are you finished?
Congrats and for finishing the Baltimore Running Festival 5K!
we changed our professorle pic.
to a GIF!!!
lol
UC class of 2016: confirm your admission and apply for housing by MAY 1st!!
That's two days away!!
Media archaeology is like an affordance; theory as affordance: making things happen.
Parikka
..A 14 year old girl broke into Josh Hutcherson's house and tried to cut of his leg because Peeta loses his leg..what?
i went to the gym ..
then tbell ..
and now laying in bed !
Mom sent me some badass deer salami : 
GET IT
Today is Pig in a Blanket Day.
Well clean one blanket per family for FREE if you doctorp off today  tell the CSR you saw this.
RIP Harry Crews.
Your novels changed the way I look at trailer courts, amputees, and bathtubsor at least that particular combination.
Nice.
I'll head down there after this beer.

112k at 1st break.
Avg 150k.
144 players remain.
Starting table already broke.
Current table seems decent.
Sometimes a woman is angry at one man, and takes revenge on everyone else ...
And it just jumped a foot.
AH.
I'm watching that same shit!
Did your dad dig our burgers?
Greg Maddux and Mike Maddux..wow
My dude I'm so bored ;o
Awesome!!
See ya there, stupid!
:P RT : Guess who's going 2 Comic Con this year?!
That's right, moi!
It might just be me but I find dueapp 's UI not so much unintuitive as just plain wrong.
Doesn't work as I would expect.
: Just signed up for the retreat that is speaking at Lighthouse Church  The troubles with Jesus May 46 Great!
Split firewood and went snowshoeing this morning ...
now it's time to write!
idk, just anywhere would be better then where I live haha
how yuh been??
If you haven't heard the song Letter to Me by Brad Paisley, you are 100 missing out.
I'm having the same thoughts.
RT : Nice read.
Just told my wife today no football for our son.
shoot us a mail at and we'll get back pronto!
Yes!
This is also why it pays to follow people in various international time zones.
then why do you still insist on tweeting about it then....
One person can never control the social media on campus
We only got 3 2bed/2baths left so make sure you come in tomorrow
Totally agree, still find it fascinating ...
I am someone who always gets suckered into buying ' cute' food...
Sure thing.
Let us know if you have any questions.
Day 6: Thankful for cool, cloudy days that are perfect for curling up on the couch with a good book.
gratitude instagr.am/p/SWg56/
So far, Newt is winning the Big Bill demagoguery contest!
Overcast, windy but warm here in Vegas, a great day to write, edit and live!
:D Have a great weekend to all!
Interviewed some awesome applicants today who can't wait to begin their Adventure!
What are you waiting for?
Oh goodness what I get my self into...
yup RT : myPOV: Companies have more data than they know what to do with as it is  too few people know how to action it
Just had a happy thought, I'm on celluloid!!
In the digital age who knew!?
So giddy about being an extra, bumped to actor in a real FILM!
Was great  excellent lineup, you missed some good presentations!
congrats Nina..
Would love to have you come talk to CVC cc
Im like a rain cloud forming in your brain, my lyrics melt faces like the rain in spain
my father in law and dad are both like that!
Looks like I'm the only superluser not  PAX: Dev or PAX.
Yay for me.
I'm scared I'll never get to hear 's voice ever again.
that would be terrible.
that was back in my blackberry days, I am an apple man now.
you're welcome :
RT : RT : Life is a gift.
Treat urs as such ;
This is like the third time Jeter is coming up to hit.
Where is that from?
thanks bro, I feel ready this week
Pregnant ladies scare me ..
I Want You To Follow Me So Bad: PLEEEAAASEE?
3
M Thor.
Now casting friends to be The Avengers with me for Halloween.
Okay I'm doing qa on my fb
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic Party to Crash!
Now on iHeart Radio...
750 internet radio stations!
You should come see us at the Battle of the Bands  The Venue 42
Shoutout to 'sSimmons for making such a remarkable album :
Im scared of the dark!
Struggling with the structure of the essay I'm writing, this is so stressful.
Also, sick so I feel like shit today and can't even sleep :
JPM Shareholder: mister Diamond, should board members be also serving on board of NY Fed Reserve Board; It seems like a conflict of interest..
Since four years ago.
LOL!
I have pictures on fb, lol.
what the BUCK!
Modeling today...
will share with new pics soon 
hahaha you know them ?
pumpkin doe??
where da caramel mochioto???????
Just like that!
good sleepy time tweethearts!
Not sure.
I would think not.
You could always try though
lucky u i love cheese lol
I can honestly attribute it to you both!
:
Erik from Sir Speedy has a new Marketing Blog.
You could be the first to 'follow.' Since he currently has no followers...kinda sad....
I hope you're safe with all of the severe weather going on down there!
Bet low rivers.
He calls and leads out 9 river 2/3 pot, I raise big, and he tanks 5 min and then folds 88 face up: 
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Charles Dickens
Tom Brokaw in the house
Thanks for tips to prep studio for collector visits  Merry Christmas!!!
I'm afraid to say that installing blinds is not one of my strengths.
that he puts ketchup on everything
I always sence when people try to get me jealous.
don't fuck this up
I need a personal trainer ASAP!!
How do you loose 20 lbs in one week ugh
What's You Radio Phone Number?!?!?!?!?
Rushers Rule The KCAs
I was at the last game of the season and I remember you came over to the visitors dugout to throw your hat.
I was front row!
Can we get John Anderson on Twitter already?!
you are to funnyy bitch!!!!
We can park free, sit anywhere, have a full meal free, and receive all the membership benefits...even if we don't attend regularly.
now begins another marathon broadcast day for Entercom Communications stations in the Central Time Zone :
Had a nice night and some good laughs
I believe that our Country's debt is a national security issue.
My plan deals with our debt headon.
Let's make NC great again!
Nice!
I need to add that one to our list!
Our daughter learned how to say Mama...too cute!
MyNextRelationship will be fully put together by God...My own doings got me nowhere.
i just beat summer pignic with 3 stars on all levels!:D
At Red Robin!!!
National Coalition for Core Arts artstds live chat on 1/24  1PM EST re: new CommonCore standards in the Arts.
via
not enjoying this band right now
Im tired, but i dont want to sleep ahah
Appreciate it bro.
Can't wait til we're on the same bench together!
These things gotta happen every 5, 10 years.
LOL
What do pregnant HOES and burnt toast have in common??
If you would have pulled it out a little earlier, Everything would be good.
nf Go Follow
Seriously I can never catch a break...when is this ever going 2 end?!?!?!
3.
Anything you can wrap in a tortilla
That Kevin and Winnie didn't get married on The Wonder Years.
Luv ya in JL.
Team Mike
Awww yeah!
Raspberry.
That's my jam.
I wasn't always this way.
I was very negative and a huge bitch.
I had to go thru something that broke me to finally wake up.
At the bruno mars and janelle concert
I miss the old J.D...
PLEASE COME BACK!!
: Bobby Petrino is out at Arkansas
What2ChainzWouldsay whatcha thank of my necklace?
would you ever date a fan?
One Direction yes Me: WORDS WILL BE JUST WORDS TILL YOU BRING THEM TO LIFE.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet
Having trouble voting?
Call our campaign office and well help!
8759990.
Hello!
Yes I am!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day!
Thank you to everyone who has assisted me in my learning.
Have a great day.
are you saying you're part of that 52?
We're updating the website FRESH CONTENT is on the way!
It's been almost 10 years since I've had tv  longer since I had a land line.
But I worry I'll soon get triple played on my internet rate :o
No way to put it delicately.
D Wade and LeBron James really shit the bed here at the end
We Formed A New Religion 
such gross neglegence on your part publishing that Too Short piece.
Is this the example you want to set for young boys?
Not a restaurant!
I'm semiretired, chefwise, so it's envisioned as a popup dinner series.
Less overhead  stress.
:
RT : can't stop thinking about that chocolate bacon Donut.
Turned my frown upside freaking down.
Best boss eva
Jeanne Weinkle  Don Leeper are representing BookMobile at toccon.
If you want to get a hold of them, let me know  I'll make it happen!
Out of work early.
you're addicted to working?
I'm impressed :
This new Gentleman Jesse lp is pretty damn good.
ExArab League boss vows reform, dismisses Mubarak link
Yeah I'm sure the dogs are ok..
ThatsMyDad and his buddy, they're out in the garage doctornking beer  singing along with the radio...
As usual..my band get's fucked over..I guess people don't think we care, but guess what..
Reconnect with your God today with your heart and your spirit He is still there.
:
me and my friends are seriously going to do that.
And we are going to play on the bouncy balls.
that one annoying person who tweets every 5 seconds and fills your wall.
Just twisted the best stick ever.
Might just frame it and hang it on my wall.
Saw BULLY last night.
I hope all those ignorant school officials were let go sans pension.
They should all rot in jail!!
Its ok I STILL LOVE U
please tell your mom take care and everything is gonna be fine ; from me please :
You got me.
It looks like fun.
Nice surprise Saturday visit from and the lovely
lol u should check sodahead.com ppl put interesting comments about you !!!
he didn't just say that...wow
Keha must have terrible teeth from brushing her teeth with Jack Daniel's every morning.
what kinds o leads and where?
always sounds suspect 2 us...
ah, link me!
We should do an exchange!
:D
yup, but Bulls will miss Deng no doubt, but that's where the depth comes into play.
Bulls are an elite team now.
I dunno bro Giant burning orbs of matter, light years away, totally define my character and tell my future.
I'm going to be in Houston tmister so we can make this right lolol
The people with the biggest hearts, always suffer the most.
I've been thinking about something Egyptian or tribal.
you're beautiful, and tomorrow is a new day.
cheer up and find the good that exists in every situation
I turned down shots  I'm not that hungover.
I'm proud of myself haha
Rainy day at the farmersmarket.
One FREE cookie or cupcake with purchase.
Our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain
I really hate cliche sayings It makes me wonder why you couldn't think of something original Something that's your own
correction, I watched it and and we're just in the living room the whole time.
no question!
Woke up at 5:30 for blackfriday shopping at Macys, Prudential and Newbury st...
I'm sleepy already!!!
Happy Election Day!
Go out and use your power to vote...
Make it happen...
Every vote counts every time.
are ur shoes unisex or only for boyz?
because i am thinking of buying and i dont wanna buy a boyz shoe
If all goes as planned, I'll leave for Ohio State August 1st!!!!
boohoo toilet paper at warren is worse
Shit cracks me up when my dad tries to act professorssional putting on those fake ass coke bottle frames, that work shirt with 2 buttons missin
I am great now that I have my someday and just watched neversaynever ...
hey getatme ;
Watching Contraband
That's awesome!
Keep up the great reading.
:
representing this morning
I thought the same thing.
The Movie is well produced  visually appealing, but tends to doctorg...
some scenes go on a bit too long
awkward as a turtle.
Love that book and the series!
great movie...I got that..I was scared in the movies...what you been doing with yourself...
I just heard about the salted fish crate!!!
You remembered!!!
What a wonderful man you are.
I cannot wait to see it.
It is our experiences that mold us into who we are during times of adversity our true character will show.
DM us details and links  we would be happy to take a look.
bro there are college games on all day
Working on casting a TV show...work, work, work is never done.
Thank goodness I enjoy it!!
Jesus, BIlly, what's the next segment?
Reading unintentionally funny headlines?
Sounds like the tenets of the Tea Party?
Why fight the association to Tea Party?
What's the difference?
Butler police investigate 2nd crime close to campus in 1 week.
Student reported a man with a gun robbed him and stole his car.
Welcome back, Guy...
glad you are here!
: Super rally We are moving WI forward Last in the country in jobs is moving forward?
Oh boy!
We are screwed!
Looks like the GOP is taking a knee on the goal line.
those cute texts i send you
where else can you get 25 gb for 3/month?
that's pretty great.
but a car would have been cool
I hardly know you, but totally relate to your comments!
deserves to be verified, he is so dedicated  works hard, so...VERIFY PSANDERS
I got a python but then I freaked out thinking the apartment management would find out or he'd get out  kill a neighbor so I gave him away.
note to self: don't fouette in the living room.
I had a lot of sodium at lunch and then I was mean for two hours.
Does this ever happen to you, or only Gwyneth Paltrow?
Miami Dolphins: Deciphering fact from fiction regarding Jake Long
Allo, evening and just a quick Q  as monitor's tiny.
Um, is that avatar a blue coin?
she had a 2 foot pixie stick a little while ago...lmao
shout out to christine please!
Cool Yoga at Bears Den shoot in Loudoun last week, photos soon.
I'm betting on WWP National Squad.
hold me lol
ICONic Blue.
You're killing me Pack
do you have any more pictures of Harry in a beanie?
I think it's the most attractive thing
Town hall meeting to discuss water projects will be at the Columbia Heights Community Center tonight from 6:30 to 8:30 PM.
I think the arguments for open carry are more convincing than those for concealed carry.
lol not at all
thx for fdbk.
if we don't send results it tough to gauge quality on real world qs.
Product is 2wks old  lots of room for improvement.
So far so good!
Just WAY too busy in my personal life!
But you love the child just the same ;
I didn't watch the grammies but i do love
its going show.lol silly man
Donnie  what do you think about Tito leaving the Sox?
thanks for everything you've don for me.
I hope we stay friends FOREVER and EVER!
:
Bout to get some ink.
Indeed.
Have been a long standing fan, visited twice last year!
Now: town hall on future media  btw happy birthday to
CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER.
And Im Listening To One Of Your songs
Sanctification is still relevant!
Come see student performances  Live at the Fishbowl, 7 to 10 pm TONIGHT.
Will do.
Yeah, that's good that you didn't get that attached.
Just in case you haven't noticed, IT'S AN OPINION SHOW !!!
Unlike CNNMSNBC , FOX separates hard news from opinion !
If you don't invest in marketing your book then how readers know to read it??
Writing the last few pages of my thesis at with Usher and Foster the People blaring from frat houses outside.
Technically, yeah.
April from had great points.
Before jumping into social media, carefully think about your goals and make choices.
That one is on B Marsh.
He was afraid of getting hit.
Hm, someday I'll try it .
The release of CS6 is today!
Who is excited?
S/O 2  Go Follow her to gain more followers!!
My loyal followers!!
I hate you 
Budget signed...It's a sad, sad day for Wisconsin.
you are such a liar!
;
Gently reminding people that we can't actually claim copyright on someone else's 17thcentury publication.
Occupy Wall Street is on full view metaphorically and professorundly at LA Phil now for Sellars/Salonen/Shostakovich.
Do not miss Orango wow!
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION 3
Everyone excited for the 64th Annual Opening of the Beaches Parade tomorrow!?
This years theme...
HILLBILLY HOE DOWN!
Feels like Wednesday should be Thursday.
Good Morning Farmers, come by  say Hi!
to your fellow Farmers, our strain of the day is George Clinton.
LOL.
But she does tend 2 score 1 here and there on delivery alone.
She is definitely a Roast comic....
ITs FRIDAY.
Spending the day doctorving and tasting our way through South Australia's Barossa Valley.
no I anit
You can do it!
Head down, and go.
11:06 pm what about there?
just do it baby
OMG tscheesy OMG are you going to see the MeganGlass?
Go to Voodoo Donuts and get the Ol' Dirty Bastard!
RT : Mercy, Mercy me that Murciealago.
but where's ??
Well thats still amazing that you get to see them!
I got seats way in the back, yet it was still 40 bucks.
A little game of Bowling  red rock!
Woohoo!
Witnessing the bizarre convergence of my teenage son reading The Scarlet Letter on his andoctorid phone.
Technology doesn't make it suck less.
Christmas brings excitement; postChristmas brings a return to normalcy.
Looking forward to both.
GOOD MORNING!
:D
Thanks to everyone who joined in the healthyatx conversation yesterday, lets keep it going today.
Crap day being turned around by listening to the Dateable play Jazz on public radio.
le sigh
: Deion Sanders is just an awful human being.
I so agree with you ....
Prime Time is a DBAG!!
Ha, a Rangers fan, eh?
:  Looks like May 23rd will be the date, hoping to lock that down and get invites out tomorrow.
Quote of the day from my research: Really Bro.
Oldham, I can't see why doctor Brewster is such a blockhead.
Are you doing better?
you already have one
I hear congrats are in order!!
Today, April 25  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Guest, Sylvia Allen  Sylvia's Childoctorn  www.latalkradio.com  Channel 1
pulled porkcoleslawfried green tomatoesbrooklyn summer alepecan piebrooklyn monster ale.
it's good to be the king...
That was traumatizing.
All these over emotional girls that post everything bitching about how their douchebag boyfriend dumped them...
Will be there shortly w/ !
RT Playing the Bank bar and grille tonight in downtown Dubuque, IA.
9pm 21 and free!
you not no baby
now write mine
RT : LM: Bears coaches worked with players on field today for first time as offseason program entered its third week.
We're open late night and the DJ is getting ready to turn it up!
Hey indyslis IUPUI!
Nuts and bolts meeting tmister goes over how get funding for student groups and campus events...bannedbooksweek anyone?
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
CES CONVENTION IN VEGAS JAN 6TH THRU JAN 9TH BOOK YOUR DISCOUNTED ROOMS NOW AT www.myvegaspeople.com
you in love wit a fat white bitch step ur game up
All comedy situations have to get more terrible, the minute you get over it, the humor is gone.
not as mean as punk
Speaking of bike videos, would like this: iMedia25 Brands Pioneering Online Video!
See the videos that made the cut!
imcn.it/Ac8zWH
Testing my TwitterMapMyWalk.com Connection
3 finals down, 2 to go.
I want tickets to April 22nd Houston TX
All appointment times have been filled for this week.
Please call Monday to schedule your windshield repair.
RT : Just so I understand rules: W can use a flagdoctorped body from 911 in his ads, but Obama can't mention that he got bin Laden?
did I say I would never join Twitter or something??
who u going in on lol....
Happy Mothers Day to my mother  to all wonderful mothers 3
what danny don't know don't hurt em...
you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now.
Most popular going Bald auctions ebay
Dentist: Doing anything fun this summer?
Me: Agggrraaaagggraararaggaaa
I can help
If Zombies did in fact exist, most of the people at your school would be safe.
Nyan cat is trying to promote itself again with new ideas...
No just stop
I cant stop playing family feud on the ipad
I'm visiting!
I want to connect you with a friend of mine whos a rising sophomore.
I think you'd be a good fit to mentor!!
Looks like we're not going to get a KUMU matchup for the Big 12 championship.
Very disappointing.
Hanging out on the back deck this evening, just finished dinner.
Watching Boise/VA Tech on ESPN.
Sounds mighty good Joe!
I hate my bus....with a burning passion...
if we can do nothing else, let's empower the peaceful by watching them stand for what we know in our hearts we all need
Love the discussions on finecraft!
Thanks 2
Si.
Last night.
Five iPads.
Five people.
The target five.
OK.
But December was really grim...
speaking of, if you want a weekly dose of home, check out Grimm
I Can Never Do My Nails Without One Of Em Gettin Fucked Up !
10 minutes in and out of the path lab, and early to work.
Way to be better than Quest, UMMC.
they come to your room Mom:this is the doctor Austin walks in and your mom leaves you alone A:Where Dose It Hurt?
; 
That's great.
He is making great progress it sounds like.
Glee was alright for me.
Curious to hear what you think about it.
:D
What's up all you tweeters
coming to your studio this morning.
Getting the nickel tour.
You gonna be there?
I do love firebug.
and a couple other plug ins but its buggy
miss u too see you Mayfest 2k12!!

long time!
You must tell me the most interesting radio controlled plane you have built lately!
def head over to elephant and castle in London then.
It has both
Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul.
Myrtle Fillmore
Or Aaron loves Angela?
not that expensive but when you factor in parking, food, doctornks, and stuff it add up.
I would pay 3x that to go back to GB.
Having a boy who likes you in french class is great when the snack lady comes around.
Congratulations to for great turnout at Moore today for the kickoff
Oh Ryan Gosling, you sexy man youu 
umm I checked twitter and FB an now I'm thinking of getting out of bed
Our thoughts reach out to those who lost loved ones on 9/11.
We are praying for you.
God blessed America
I woke up this morning to  yo raps and Coney island
I wish I was hanging out with my friends right now...
Flyers have a smooth road to the Eastern Conference Finals.
NJ or FLA in round 2.
No...
because you know what you're picturing otherwise.
And it's even worse.
Hmm...
never thought about that.
Perhaps there's no publisher agreement?
So done with school :p
So happy to se big daddy berk finally get a ring.
Long time stud of my fantasy baseball team.
: South SF has been selected as the recipient of a KaBOOM!
Community Build playground project, to be constructed at Orange Park.
A beautiful, powerful night of theatre.
Red Lobster with my mommy!!
:
wow I didn't know you could play that is neat!
Its impossible to be in a bad mood when your listening to Taylor Swift!
Yes, definitely!
Didn't realize you were there!
sorry I missed you.
sorry I couldn't be there to hear the talk.
Definitely interested in hear more.
The biggest social media opportunity your brand is missing
Not this year baby.
RT Michigan State had advanced to the Final Four every season they were a 1 seed.
Moving from Hello Nasty to Ill Communication here in a sec.
WOW ...UT College Republican President tweets RT My president is black, he snorts a lot of crack.
Holla.
Wow.
Only 5 minutes at Transmediale and I've already been condescended to twice.
This must be some kind of record.
My Hannah makes me happy.
I mean sometimes its hard to hang but we got a discounted meal so whatevs!
RT if you're a mama's girl!!
i know i am lol
Thank you Sir.
Have a good weekend!
The Basics class w/ Katie  loved it!
doctorpping sweat by the end, definitely addicting!
Do u have a fav class?
Works for me.
I knew you'd be amped.
I'd love to see Helmet even if it is just Page Hamilton and some hired guns.
Bout to wash these dishes and hop my ass on this treadmill
Sleepin on a couch past 5 months is weak af
when people know how to push your buttons  that's exactly what they do 
Read that last post.
IT is the last straw.
We are OUT of there!
Bring our troops and their gas home!
But seriously.
Craig lange taught me how to dj.
Work starts at 10.
Legend of Korra starts at 11.
So.
Upset.
Massive St.
Pattie's Show....Saturday...Waiting Room....ALL AGES!...3 Green Beer..
Lets doctornk Omaha.
MAKE SURE THAT U GET www.itunes.com search Doin It Bad.
lol Monty Python not helping?
wat u mad for man txt me brittany
End of long 5 day trip  excited to be headed home to Colorado!
Well great.
iktr I'm bout to get mine all cut off n colored
Have you ever thought of doing your pregame ritual with powdered sugar?
Im pretty sure talc doesn't taste as good.
nothing much just working, trying to get to this !!
How everybody doing?
How long are u going to be down there??
This is definitely, the happiest I've ever been in my LIFE!!!
It was so fun having the banjoapp in Vegas!
Incredibly efficient!
me too!
i dont want it to be a settle red though, but not bright red, somewhere in between haha
Biggest penalty kill of the year coming up.
So go easy on me.
where is WHENINNY?
:
RT : Starting work on the new album this week.
Thank you so much to for letting us borrow gear.
Just saw someone trying to jumpstart there car with a riding lawn mower
we chillin this week?
Wednesday I'm free
Can't wait for our Splitsville bowling event  SOLD OUT  If you RSVP'd we'll see you there!
are u bein sarcastic?
So many cool stuff happening this yearwe cant even go :/
Happy Healthy New Year: users clock 29155 mins or 486 hours of online yoga in the first week of 2012!
RT from Iran proxy addoctorsses being blocked almost immediately  they need more!
Continuing my quiet wish that you stay in Education...
c2css12 Give oral feedback on student papers.
Let them hear your voice!
See me, I dont have 2 doctorss Hoish 2 get attention.
Dats why I hang wit da crew I have now
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions Small people always do that but the really great make U feel that U too can become great
i hate this current state of mind.
:l
Seahawks!
Arghhh!
Still had a good time with
D.C.
today and tomorrow.
Jersey and NYC till Friday.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Open for dinner 57pm.
The meatloaf special is selling like hotcakes!
it be really cool if everyone in the world voted for !
it would for sure make chuck norris smile!..haha
Watching tv
send to thanks
It's kind of a weird animal, not widely used yet  but cool for breaking/developing news I guess
CONGRATS I LOVE MY WILDCATS!
When I get mad at my boyfriend, I don't yell at him anymore, all I do is shake my fist and yell, MCFALL!!!.
Ack!
Universal's live feed is down!
Great workshops  the WA State Mentors Conference  helpful fundoctorising strategies by from !
did you do the thingy ??
I almost didn't.
Don't even remember talking 2 other 4.
So great 2 meet u!
Love y'alls sense of humor!
watch Dance Moms: Miami.
Will ours work?
We've got two
Why is my teacher such a bitch...
had last night off  Tube of fig newtons AND Oreos.
I raise you gas and a processed food hangover sir.
Haters gonna hate.
no problem..we'll do it some other time
I hate seeing this disgusting shit when I come home .
We're not afraid of the heat  come on down to 121:30p and check out the sizzling WIckerbach!
Great night with my friends.
Much needed
more accurately maybe is aside not looking past yourself, some have trouble seeing the individual rather than the stereotype.
ha my mom bust it out sometimes too!
Funny Stuff...
talking to my frans  I said well I wont have to buy makeup cuz I dnt wear it and my friend told me yea but ur going to have to , really?
Bruce Irvin may be the best LB doctorfted by Seattle since Brian Bosworth.
Any isedchat friends headed to ISACS2012 in November?
We are there presenting all day Nov 9!
HOSEA is out, they are gonna break up the couple!!
BKLYN, NY waddup!!
How great would baseball be if the only stats kept were wins and losses.
So, anyone have handy a link to post on how Instagram is good b/c it refocused attention on the art of composition?
So bored
Walker finding links betw Pratt's paper  Alexander's book The New Jim Crow  construction of racial caste system
Do I have Any London followers ?
If your out there I have a question I need answered so let me know : Ψ
My Day Fry Day.
ill bring the ruffies;
Just completed Level 1  Day 1 of Gorilla Workout
Thanks for the FF love!
Have a great weekend!
I have seen a lot of crazy people in SF, but I think I am just saw the craziest one yet...
It's got a yoga studio, it has to be good RT : If it's good let know.
He's always scouting out coffee places
yeah, that may be a little too company town.
Just said I was going 2 punch N the face over a Chris Brown ramp.
TOTALLY DIDNT MEAN IT THAT WAY!
Let the cranky phone calls bgin
Shabbat Shalom Everyone !!
Sadly has been diagnosed w/ stage 1 probate cancer.
How'd you do that one you just posted with your name?
End of the first quarter.
30 for the
thanks I'm pretty excited!:
Pirate game with my fellow minajjsss
Welcome to the Gutta where the lights dim, puy boy me no like them
aw haah its ok because its not the first thing i see but its right in front of my ihome so i do see him quite often lmao
A Queen is the frontman for Queen
I dont wanna be at work right now.
Charity Partner spotlight: hope for Heather Foundation supports young women living with breast cancer.
Heather Taylor was 26 when she died.
you're the reason why i wake up in the morning 3 LOL JK i have school
could you send me a link to his instagram?
Not enough sugar in my coffee.
I wouldn't even be doctornking this if it wasn't for you, Gorgeous Iowa State Guy.
I blame you.
Taking the time to properly set up your bass pays off,you might NOT need a new bass after all.If you can,t do it yourself seek a pro luthier
Do you like Lance Long to make an impact tomorrow?
LOL!!
RT : One should NEVER sweat out Jameson intentionally.
You sir, are evil.
Preferences are negotiable.
Convictions are nonnegotiable.
Tony Hill, 2time Super Bowl champion with Cowboys.
Metta...Queen's Bridge
Live Love Laugh STUDY
Time magazine cover yeah  remember the National Geographic thing.
What was that 1940's?
U fg people ARE PATHETIC.
Mastering a couple live singles for Joey Stuckey today.
Various client website updates today to.
Great work on Raising Hope tonight.
Keep on keepin' on!
Happy Monday morning!
I hope you had a great weekend off!
What did you do?
Nice day out, need to take advantage
The matrix is getting interesting!
And she acts like a celebrity dude please!
Just found Foucault's Power/Knowledge in the religion section of this book store...
Niggas is childish RealShit I see why they fuck with bitches younger than them...
Thx Kathy for sharing.
Niall will notice you don't worry and im stupid as hell what are you talking about XD
Lol searched erryone but me, I wish they would have!
Anyone else do this?
retro or no?
MT : postal worker called me old school for wrapping package in brown paper...
good one but it's So Lebron Ah
Dammit!
And I make such good cornbread, too.
The extreme zoom on Kobe made me laugh
Thanks for the FF love.
Have a great weekend!
I can understand that.
I use Readability because most sites just do a terrible job of making their content easy to read.
Artists whose work was selected for SpiritandPlace show, Unclothed: Exposing the Art Nude, being notified today.
Show opens Nov.
11.
I know, I know, it's bad.
Will be looking to upload a format that is easier to update.
Promise a major overhaul soon.
I know.
Shameful
RT : RT : We want to hear from you!
Share your smallbiz story with us by entering the SBW2012 video contest:...
The key to happinesshaving a professorund level of self awareness.
Margaret Mead Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.
It's the only thing that ever has.
I don't get how the pirates strike out so fucking much.
You're in the majors for a reason, show me why, hit the ball.
Literally exhausted from entering in 28 pages of a manual order with another 28 to go tomorrow.
So this is what cube life does to me :
Sleeping when you're sick is the worst!
And theres so much thunder outside.
I think I was listening to the wrong H Hayes song.
The only reason I wear pants or shorts in public is because it's frowned upon not to.
Eduardo Saverin wears too much The North Face.
If you haven't lived in Boston, then you really don't know.
Done talking about the Heat.
Great win by the Pacers.
Good to see they can win one on the road in a big game.
The idea that Romney should be paying more taxes assumes that the government should have that , and that all taxes shouldn't be lower.
made my whole night !!
RT : New chefs for Mint  Bonvenu.Travis Milton, formerly of Parkside, joins team at Mint, open Monday.
The reality is that we were bottling cocktails before mister M.
At least that was my understanding when he was here last.
ARTOMATIC opens tomorrow!
I had a sneak peek yesterday while on my shift.
9 amazing floors of art!
Find me on floor 3 by the tattoo parlor!
no doubt
Not planning on cuffing a girl i cant see myself with in the future
If the effort that went in research on the female bosom had gone into our space program, we would now be running hotdog stands on the moon.
Good morning everyone btw
LA traffic reminds me of 28 Days Later.
Not the zombie aspect, but because 28 Days Later I reach my destination 2 miles away.
You Rock!
See you in Vegas ; Love what you're up to www.seeyourvisionart.com Check out www.CCOR.tv
RT : Congrats to the USMNT on an epic win.
Proud of Do work against Panama, boys!
I may be reading during baseball tailgate like a nerd, but at least I'm not stuck in the house grading
it's seriously the worst.
I have been watching OWN and I am really digging what Oprah is doing with her network.
Check it out and let me know what u think
It's me birthday 50!
If one comes, I hope you continue to livetweet your experience.
StaySafe RT : Standing by No tornadoes yet
Who are you most excited to see at BuzzBeachBall2012 June 2?
Foster the People?
The Shins?
Sublime w/ Rome?
Flogging Molly?
love you!!
The panel has concluded.
Congrats to you  Executive Sous Chef Bill Crouse who was selected for the Buy Local Cookout hosted by Gov O'Malley!
how is it that you two always manage to attract creepers
Hopkins launches beta today
no!
I gotta watch that!
lmaoo kinda !
Aha.
thanks so much for coming Ali, it really means a lot.
Hope to see you at a show soon!
Peter
Night Twitter.!
oh Steveth how we miss you.
We shall be back soon with no promises of being the amazing rockstars we were again
Excellent choice!
The B Side RT : playing fireburn in my class
Watch tv.
Play fifa.
Or take a nap.
Im really stressing out about this decision.
also when the steelers win sly will foloow one of you.
GO STEELERS GO.
hope to talk during the game but not sure
yes very sad...but many as you say would prob.be nice as well, but ...you don't want to deal w/ other if sick sometimes.
Christopher Paul Curtis is the BEST!
He confirmed that the poem Ballad of Birmingham was what had him set Watsons there instead of Florida
My mom is so funny with her iphone lol
this is exactly what I didn't want to happen 
im feeling thrown in this bitch
I've been meaning to go to a game.
But seeing the women play at RFK back in the day was amazing.
the trick is to laugh at yourself before anybody else does.
That's how I've gotten rid of the fear of embarrassment :
forgot to add
Theres no way im sleeping tonight
u remember the movie Outbreak?
WWOD?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GIVE US BACK 'WORSTS' it truly is your gift to mankind.
You're leaving us unarmed in this cruel world
Next week!
Colorado Legislature!
WHEEK WHEEK!
RT : We are officially starting the 1st annual BlogPawty!!!
dances around in a circle
Boots FlashMob tonite at 6pm  9th  F St..
Call time is 5:45pm in front of Spy Museum!
DJ El Toro on right now...listen up, people!
Oh my gosh, did you take that pic  in all of my days living in AZ  I never got a shot like that...
thx for sharing :D
Tulsa killed my diet.
I have never eaten so much junk food in my life.
Nice recovery 4 miles in Cheviot Hills to start the day.
Not counting Fri's 100 yd dash, I have 2 more easy runs before my race
I knew u wld say dat Ur bitter cause weed giving dat pussy a run 4 its  may b u should put it n smoking form  bag it
As of 7:00am we are open for business and there is no rain .
About 400 sellers are here and are ready to bargain!
On today at 10am, hear OHC Asst Dir David Pettyjohn talk about nominations for the 2012 Oklahoma Humanities Awards.
Wicked Tickets Go on Sale in SanDiego  I saw it in San Francisco...fabulous!
Wouldn't be holy week without my cadbury eggs
hi sweets!
Great to see ya!
We had on mediachat and it was awesome!
no you have them call me.
202 246 2353.
they're the ones who wanna talk to me...
for sure, thanks again for the free music!
PickUpLine: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Don't leave us!
hahahahaha!!!
there is something in our attic also, how weird is that!
I love it, but the appropriateness of my sense of humor is questionable at best.
Me: Kids, what day is it today?
Them: Star Wars Day!
Me: Why?
Them: May the 4th be with you!!
I win.
RT : So thankful that is my Governor.
yes
I can not wait to see the concert!
;
my brother is getting me fucking tight like really dont get all up on my friends like that
At the ortho!
hening ..
O.o
: Loving the weather right now thunderstormsarethebest Doing Laundoctor?
what's the difference between bribes and campaign cob
BE COMFORTABLE IN YOUR OWN SKIN EVRYONE IS BEAUTIFUL
Except with much less hair.
New surroundings
Good luck in the semis this week
you go boy
Happy birthday to us....Happy birthday to us...Kforce is 50 today!
Happy bday to our fellow Kforce offices!
Yeah I definitely agree!
really really really doesn't want to write her statement of purpose.
She has no idea what to talk a bout.
Ideas?
Pulling for Green Bay/Aaron Rodgers now  enough of the Brett Favre stuff.
How many Super Bowls did Favre win again?
we can't wait Tasia!
Missing my baby boy.
poziam You act as if sex is the only factor...
What about IV doctorg users?
All of those things sound lovely.
Have a great day!
For some reason, the chips and salsa at are REALLY good today!
:
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for a great season!
And yet the political scientist in me says that corporate interests can't be ignored for long ...
ok u r ok!
Thats all.
xxoo
i'm sick of the sleepless, never ending nights.
I just don't car who's wrong or right...
SickOfYou by
go fist your self
A tweet so nice you sent it twice
DONE!!
Follow me back??
Whitman, Price and Haddad!
RT : Let Rockstar Games make the Running Man game.
Welcome new folks Hope you like the film
What's the probability of me getting head if I flip a coin?
Plant Manager position in TEXAS 120140k  bonus
Say a good prayer before I go in this building today
John and I are obsessed w/ ours!
It's the best.
RT : Really loving apple tv.
So easy to use
magic!
Yes, red..where can I find a purple one?
I got Ohio myself DB.
The troubling thing is I haven't seen anyone on Temple but I haven't gone looking to hard either.
hahah thank you!
god will not send you into a battle you aren't equipped to fight, as yourself  wisdom from
i love reading the five to doctorve blog, it's just amazing.
oomf swear I look like Trey Songz....I don't.
lol
Unless someone is paying attention  acting on your metrics they are just numbers!
NO!
you cant do your hair flip anymore /3 im sad.
Damn I just got sleepy out of nowhere
Baltimore Internet Marketing Agency Becomes Newest Certified AdWords Partner
Tom Barrett is leading with 53 of the vote over Kathleen Falk with 39 with just about 5 of precincts reporting.
We need your music!
main focus is to be a free outlet for undiscovered artists and their music so email
ah yeah, I love video
I knew keeps track of professorles I visit often, just check out the new Close friends feature.
Would love more analytics like this.
u hit that hoe
that's right c: I don't.
Chuck E cheese : 
Now hiring promoters...dm for details!
...Our school has enough money for IPads but not enpugh money for something halfway decent for lunch?
Apple announcements: the bigger the hype, the less they changed.
Right?
They dont even ship things to logical stops.
I tracked a package from Dallas to ABQ that went to Denver first.
Apologies for the suggestions you need to lose weight or gain inches lately...
I know at least you still communicate, I love you stay bless
I can sneak you in :D
ok I'm done, : follow me on this account
I'm about to go and sit outside and just sit there I got Alto on my mind
Know the official post office abbreviations for all 50 states without having to consult a list.
1 year subscription of Newsweek!
It's good to be informed!
In Gig Harbor!
Leaving At 5:00am Tomorrow For Cali!
Getting All My Girls Presents: HMU!
I'll Be Posting Pictures!
:
I hate skl I hate teachers I hate stupid people that choose to teach but hate and refuse to teach so they fail every1
U can tell I'm from Jersey I eat my subs with chips :.
We actually bought some of the chalk board spray paint.
Great minds think alike!
Late night General Tso booty call.
he sprained a knee ligament.
Not too serious compared to Achilles tear
I need to learn flash photography and now!!!
any good tips are welcome!
Speaking of , why does it have problems with Chrome?
Has anyone else seen this?
My Man..Frank Lucas voice...lol
why don't you 2 go get a room!
booyahijustsaidthat  should of heard what she was saying bout u last night
Vision without Execution is Hallucination!
that's true I forgot you have, still should be a good show though
which soccer teams did you have in mind?
CEO Kathleen Feely The big difference of Casebook is that is uses person as object, and family relationships are the center.
If someone is sending you mixed signals it's because you're not the only 1 in the mix.
Do better!
Did your ice cream truck doctorver wear pants?
when a close friend posts something about trust 
Maryland what up!
this was alluded to by at andoctoridopen today.
That design is about being true to the soul of the product.
Sent in error.
Sure.
That's why their support site had an entire FAQ on it.
Liars.
lol you got it right.
I doctorw it on doctorwSomething.
Add me, TDGofficial, if you play it too
Towson will have a larger crowd tonight then at Byrd stadium.
So much for edsall putting people in the seats....
Be careful doctorving down to Wildflower.
3 people got tickets on the doctorve down today.
Why is EVERYTHING broken today?
Woke up late bc of power outlets that died, Eyetracker isn't working, my login at work stopped working.
Ugh.
im on it!
Listening to the new Andoctorw Bird for the first time
Sipping a Pegu Club cocktail: 2 gin ,1 lime juice, 3/4 Cointreau, 1 dash Angostura  Fee's orange bitters.
In french tomorrow is GYHAB Music video but in American is tonight!
xo Demi.
Ok we can wait :
I want it so bad
15 minutes until the webinar begins with and !
Feel free to use ContentQs for all questions
when is the next big conference in the Atl
First tickets sold of AN APOLOGY!
Renear: how can a byte stream have a modification date without being a different stream?
kodm heraclitus?
For a limited time, Newbury BerryLine has Passion Fruit flavor!
We also have Nutella, OreoPeppermint, MapleAlmond and Original.
WE THANK YE...YOU DO KNOW WHERE IT CAME FROM, RIGHT?...T/F/S...
RT : So if we're going to make it up, why even call it news...
Hm....
I don't know why.
Why not call it An Opinion?
Im not hard to miss!
good luck guys!
Sorry, my last tweet sounds closer to home than it actually is.
Bear spawned live music taping culture as I know it.
Not a personal friend!
ExcitedHeather Sharfeddin's newest book is out.
Go Windless Summer!
via  Bitter Democrats Claiming To Be Undecided Just To Watch Obama Sweat
Behind your image, below your words, above your thoughts, the silence of another world waits.
John O'Donohue via RT
ice skating with the best friend, shelby :
If the group I got added to is any indication, Facebook now caters to the 40 to 55 demographic.
Weird.
you will love it..i worked really hard on that movie
The Packers got knocked out of the playoffs by the Superbowl Champions!
Stay posted for an upcoming improv jam this Sunday!
Did everyone just wreck?
Thank you for the FF mention!
can you tell me who I need to contact at the CJ to have the station listed since we plan to broadcast the Bullitt east regionals?
Trust me, it was never perfection.
Anything involving you is never perfection.
Might be on youtube.
I had the 12 inch
10B: PEOPLE TO PEOPLE; HEART  SOUL; ADELANTE CHICAGO
you got me calling her mole!!
I cannot see any way in which NBC continues to give these shows chances.
Network TV is a business, after all.
Alas, is having Twitter issues.
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
yup!!
Come say hi!!
This is an awesome picture!
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Unknown
Governmental mandates cause separation and national division
OH.MAI.GASH.
I really want to see a video of covering Have a Holly Jolly Christmas.
I always think of him when I hear it.
What happened?
It'sThatTasteful just made me shoot boiling hot chicken bouillon out my nose!
ROFL A barge?
Back in Memphis.
Missing Dallas an Fayetteville
Scared to show your face?
LOL
you have my prayers!
Text me if you need anything while you are here!
9132085566!
Hugs!
Thanks Seth!
I'm technologically challenged!
Just followed you!
Check out my tweet on my new police brutality case.
I rep a sergeant
Jennifer Love Hewitt Keeps Not One, But Two Winter Trends Alive!
Looks like Jennifer Love Hewitt is entering 2012 with some seriously sty

should produce a film adaptation of the book Irma Voth.
Could be a masterpiece.
Quizás.
Staying super focused is the only way during the buiding stages.
I miss you tweeps!!!
yes defff call first.
Don't want to interrupt them watching tv and smoking
hey Alex!
You'd really make my day if you dmed me!
: 33
Made a paper airplane today.
Thank you training week.
trying to get this project done
I hate it when you and your ex break up and then he acts like he doesn't care and then tries to get back together with you when you have som
my lord!!
how is it u want men to acknowledge u...not in a derogatory manneryet you're wearing a glorified glam diaper...underwear?
Breakfast Burrito and an Arizona.
Sounds good to me
I want you to play basketball, too.
More specifically, at the RG, with the and against other teams.
When everything feels like the movies  Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive.
::goo goo dolls::iris::
Everyone keep and her family in your prayers today!
IN DA STUDIO WITH!
I LOVE THEM!
thank you so much!
and that only!
Haha I get you
Great night thanks to all who came out, killed!
Yeahh haha and with all the new friends I've met I'll have to start all over 'cause they'll act like they don't know me.
NINE!
NINE!
TWO THOUSAND AND NINE!
I am going to bed.
Happy Birthday to today!
I hope you have a wonderful birthday!
Now that is a second effort!
Nice run after the catch misterGaffney.
really again?!?
First I thought she blew on her song and she is just nasty to poor tony!
Down with xtina!
I thought april came after may.
dedicating my first hashtag tweet to
Most likely 
nice picture lol
I also picked him against so a thanks may be in order on Sunday.
great job today as usual sir!
SRO ; thx for hug IRL too!
CV
Almost wrapping up party at Luckys Dynamo Party Next Hudson
New Johnny Rocker  The High Rollers website: www.JohnnyLive.com
yes omg yu have no idea.
Like my new background?
BTR crosses The Beatles
Cleanin up my act little by little
Hey mister Bond...thx for the 5.
Where in Houston are you?
U.S.
NationalGrid Training in NYC with instructors from Delta State Univ.
I hope that someone discovers oil sands in massachusetts
I did not!
Heading to my 5th game tomorrow.
No better deal in DC!
Thank you so much!!!
I39;m gone praise my way thru this!
Yet will I trust him!
No but I will now!
I was able to order with IE, didn't work in Chrome or FF.
thanks!
Born to be somebody!
Two weeks away from the election!
How are you following it?
Holy crap i just realized it 5am :O
I watched my kiddo's play last night, sadly they weren't very clean and didn't make it to finals
never worked out before.
So far I hate ha but I'm gonna try and stick to it
My giant pink postit for Shared Authority: That orgs realize good ideas can come from anywhere  anyone.
My boyfriend is amazing and set an alarm to wake up at 530 to send me a good morning text 3
There is some hot trade up in the DMV
oomf needs to start talking....
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health.
Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that.3 HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
nowplaying  Dear God.
I forgot to text you last night,, I am so glad you got a nap, but MAN we missed you!!
One day soon we will catch up!
NETFLIX ON MY PHONE!!!!
This weather makes me want to go back home and curl up in bed
Oh my God, this boy literally has his pants belted UNDER the cuff of his azz!!!
Why are his boys allowing this?
we still gon b here for a few more days, but at least he doin better faster den dey thought
We're doing great!
Stay posted for some exciting announcements in the next few days!
OnlyAtHirschi is to accurate!
Graduate School is a Means to a Job via Know what you want, work toward it, be active.
Great.
Look forward to it.
even though i didnt admit it today always makes me feel better when i'm sad...
i luv tht girl :D
You got that nasty bounce RT : bounce little kitty 
JONATICS TILL THE WORLD ENDS
cool.
Do they have twitter or any way I can contact them?
Yeah looks like there are only a couple of Cameron Crazies that showed up.
I hate it when ppl don't talk to me until they want something 
aw thank youu!
:
Is there a way to trigger tasks so they start upon completion of a different task?
oh absolutely
I'm just being petty and want someone to buy it for me, or cook haha
did Arod say something to Cabrera after that last hit?
It IS a neat little place!
if they're losing air...or if when you turn they start sliding or slipping
Words 2live by.
RT : from Tw bio: Tell me and I forget.
Teach me and I remember.
Involve me and I learn.
B.
Franklin
When your parents are in town and start talking to their friends  and your just standing there like Do You Have A Hot Son/Daughter ?
because they think its coolbut true you have a point.
Lord blessed us with a heart right?
So why not prove u hav one?
Well, you have to figure some jackwagon would figure out how to spam on Twitter, right?!
Taupe with a glitter coat.
3
I feel so bad for everyone who doesn't have an iphone..
can any of you guys break dance?
Lets see!!Diana June 2 , section 110, Row BB Seat 18
After the game, the king and the pawn go in the same box
Where is the sun?
how does wed work?
Xx
Hahahaha!
Is your neighbor approximately 57 years old?
Who blasts Simply Folk?
NP n doctorke No lie TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!
GO PATRIOTS!
fuck u giants
It's 1thing to admit u did stupid things as a youth  to realize it was stupid.
It's another 2 laugh about them as adult.
Shame on u Romney
Everyone is in a relationship but me.
But me.
I hate girls
OOH OOH!
It's free Thursday at !
I define p0rn books as Penthouse Lettersi.e.
an absence of story outside of the sex.
about time!
What kind is it??
4 and a half....ugh.
Ive been laying here for over an hour.
JUST LET ME FALL ASLEEP ALREADY!
its ok to doctoram big but please follow them if not its in vain!!!!!!
..good cause for concern ...
JM is a Chevy guy
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was So lost.
PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron Big Pun.
Oh wait.
He's not a player, he just crushes.
A lot.
i got a cell phone now
This is walkin wit 2 cups in here hand like she at an hotel...
I watched it!
aw.
I think it's soo good!
: I loved it 3
Thanks boo ;
The kingdom of God is within you.
Luke 17:21
the only one worth following
Ironically, I seem to usually use it when I don't care what the heck someone is talking about.
Coal miner kid made me cry : He needs another chance.
Rémoulade: Classic French sauce made by combining mayonnaise with mustard, capers  chopped gherkins, herbs and anchovies.
you ready to die?
Lol
and even on websites formatted for mobile!
When I first discovered that my mind boggled.
Any theories?
I donated to St.
Jude's last Christmas.
This year, they spent the entire donation mailing me photos of bald kids and asking for more money
Am I the only one to just now learn that not only is Fuel still a band, but they're also on tour?
i left my phone in my room, and i swear if i dont have a text by the time i get back..
i will be
I'll definitely order and buy it if Rachel is going to do a book tour here in Tampa so I can get her autograph!
Good question.
Hope to have an answer soon.
Me: Ah, my hair is actually straight today!
Rain: LOL, no it's not.
I do what I can!
Your going to make your own music app?
Sounds interesting!
Some new twist?
lets beat that nigga ass
Can some one please tell me why I just got all doctorssed up at 2:15 in the morning with absolutely no were to go :
Check out Passport to the Arts
It's the first Tuesday in May, but not Election Day.
IN's primary election is held on the first Tues.
AFTER the first Mon.
in May or 5/8/12.
Also in the forthcoming second edition: an essay on Time by Valerie Rohy of the University of Vermont's English department.
Hooray for ALA Think Tank and new Twitter friends!
Lol...When you coming to fuck wit me?
I'm waiting for your friend Jon to tell me where Los Angeles, Japan is.
You're very welcome!
enjoy yourself!
you knucklehead!!
Glad to get on board.
Thanks for the shout out.
Left school early!
HeckYes!
We could get the marble fun started early, by spreading them out on the ground just after last call.
trailer is looking great, are you as excited as I am...Way to go...great work on screen.
THINK THIN bars are Cartesian.
Does confirm that sandusky's legal fees are not being paid
The former.
I'm on immunosuppressants for life now.
Its LunchTime, what are you eating?
Build a better salad by choosing romaine over bib lettuce, which adds a hint of vitamin A.
That would be more stark trek episodes than exist...
I need to follow more people in different time zones..
Fanfiction...The therapy that the Lord created for disgruntled viewers.
I swear, it was so unhealthy.
haha
Living here makes me feel like everything in my life is an actual movie
Must mean im German, still having fun though.
Try living in the area  coverage's starts at 7 AM and goes until about 8 PM
Lmao it was mad real last night RT : oh I would've been all on the bikes lol
Someone took a risk to leak the positive test to the media.
why did they take that risk?
We know someone took that risk.
where is everyone watching the Saints play tonight?
Are you still excited eventhough the starters are not playing?
LONG TIME COMIN I CAN FEEL IT...
See.
Just like that
Im Gonna Make A Beat Called Nicotine Since Im Like Wanting A Cigarette So Bad Right Now..lol My Bugler's Is At The House Smh Dammit lol
Men will be men and Girls just wanna have fun!!!
I hate this episode of jessie so bad omg
follow me back, mahomie?
:
ahh ok yea David fincher is an amazing director.
What movies r u looking forward to this yr?
To the Chilean librarians.
What an amazing rescue.
Okay.
Good to know it was just that one site.
The demo looked really promising.
ARMA112943 on metadata relities best session yet.
Make sure to review it online when available.
Thank you for following
I couldn't agree more.
thanks!
we agree.
What's the water for?
BITCH your idol is nothing compared to mine .
edusaforum what are US HEIs doing to improve Int'l student experience in US?
Improve housing options.
get involved in volunteering
Don't wait.
The time will never be just right.
Ready Ta Go Home...Dats For Sho
Only 5 days left to order your Christmas desserts!
Thanks man.
But seriously though, this sucks.
Tell us how you really feel...lol RT : Jerry Falwell was a fuck, a total loser fuck.
com  New York Times readers found an unpleasant surprise on page A11 on Thursday
ImAStanBecause even at 39, eminem is still killing it.
Egads!
I need to try, thanks!
Come on twitter friends lets make a car that runs on water and pee.
Gas price problem solved
Thwre is a 60 chancw that it's already raining
We are alive and ready to enjoy SheHeChat!
noo clue lol do u know when u'll be there?
I wanna make sure I see u guys.
In the office at FLF.
Just had my first staff meeting.
I really dont wanna be here right now
I'm coining a new word fauxclusivity: ritualized velvetroping simply to suggest that a product/service is special; see Pinterest.
IU just can't seem to get rid of me.
Two years after graduating, I just signed up for another course :
This account is fucking embarrassing I'm taking over.
So true.
Welcome home.
...and the the fact the HE SCOTT FREAKIN DIAMOND a Rule 5, A guy with 1 career MLB win!
Dude, he's not Verlander yet!
:
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.
Fast car is now playing at the bowling alley
Interview at 11 Friday
i wont trust me; nd he has a small wee wee!
I love the song we are young with a burning passion!!
I want chocolate!!!
You're so dumb.
LOL ;D
Now they're counting to 49.
What's with all the random numbers?
Motley Cru on the iPod?
Must have been one of those latenight, wineinduced download sessions.
Hmm...
Yes it does!
postworkouthungrytweet RT : The 10.95 Steak Dinner Sounds pretty amazing tonight!
RT : No enrollment for anyone on CHIchat today.
You heard it from Mention CHIchat and join FFC today!
Surburds is better than the city.
More peace
Hope had a good day in SA, y'all come back now, ya hear!...seriously hope someday you visit Austin  LET ME KNOW.
haha
omg Alex finally followed me :D but still nothing from Robert ;b
That was happenin'...I'm going to have to check out more of him!
You can pretend all you want but what is rewarded is the tangible manifestation of your work.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ZACH.3
Both finals done.
Final papers done.
College done.
Now that wasn't so hard.
Feeling creative
Omfg I dont know if its how I'm standing, or my new face mask but I can't hit..
so much going on in our lives today, the unwillingness to work doesn't appear applicable.
If anything, we work way too much.
Happy Holidays!
Being fake is NOT cute.
Be true to you!
That's all that matters.
Thank you to everyone who joined my classes here in Singapore, thanks to Jo for organizing and True Yoga for hosting me!!!
hes never gonna come to Boston though:
UPDATE: We are currently set on dog food, both canned and doctor.
Thank you to everyone that has provided supplies!
i dont see it D: poo!
I hate being by myself , I start thinking to much shit 
: Just trying not to get sick between stresses: gs, church, work, fam, the norm.
Having 2 dogs, 1 for a pet and the other one for dinner
E I.
CAN'T.
WAIT!!!
I miss your face and can't wait to play!
BieberFact Niall from One Direction screamed when Justin Bieber followed him.
RT if you're gonna scream too when he'll follow you.
i dont even think i can do this.
smh
i think your so pretty i wish you would follow me
what wit the awwhss?!
Thanks Rick.
Great site BTW
thanks for RT Amy!
MAN!!!
It's beautiful out!!!
I wanna go bike riding along the west side and Battery Park.
The heat are havin a bad game
Nice!
George Perez, a GREAT Avengers artist.
At the center of our moral life are the great stories of those who have said no.
Susan Sontag 
I remember I cried when I saw Veil of Maya.
Then I passed out from dehydoctortion then awoke shortly and started doctorpping bodies.
I'm sorry ...
I'm lot exactly
We're sold out.
Thanks to everyone that stopped by!
Enjoy your weekend.
We'll be out here tomorrow.
love how Stevie keeps up with his cats.
The home of Stevie getting lose.
weareuk bbn chasing8 UK
follow back??
that's all you!
i bet she was shamelessly shoving food samples in her mouth, am i right?
I can't believe ManU is going to win the EPL.
Choke of epic proportions by Man City.
My luck with you/ is horrific as of late.
Maybe I need to visit the Fremont office again.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie .......
tomorrow fair bitch i cant wait!!!!!!
GIANTS Superbowl champions!!!
Tooniiiiiiiighhhhhhtttt!
We are young.
So we set the world on fire!
We can go brighter!
Hi : Found you through Another LevelTen person.
I've seen some of their Web design work.
Sharp.
Or as sad.
YAY!!!
Can't wait to have a big old piece!
I know it's gonna be delish!!!
I'll be there!
Halfway through the book  it's great MT Come listen to me talk about energy at Boston Skeptics in the Pub April 2
No you didn't!
It wasn't the whole thing!!!
Lol.
And you didn't like it on Instagram.
Excellent point ;
I can't wait until I'm skinny and have really long hair.
you are BEAUTIFUL3 I love you!
Please follow!?:
Serbia has second longest canyon in the world after Grand Canyon: Djerdap Gorge
: bouncing jackson on my stomach hehe hes a little chubby baby I wanna meet him
i dont like it when people spell my name wrong...especially on facebook chat when my name is RIGHT THERE.
sorry but
I really can't stand the teeth whiting people in the mall.
Just finished up at the gym
Got absolutley no hw done this weekend.
Oh well YOLO except if your a Hindu.
Haha I don't think anything will help make this night less miserable.
Btw hai twitter : sory I haven't been on in a long time :/
Sugarland is NOW the latest to be blamed for the Indiana State Fair Tragedy.Who's next the animals in the cattle barn?havn't blamed them yet
I can't even right now.
Is this the work of Sauron or Saruman?
One coffee ring to rule them all, and in the dark roast, bind them...
it's not great at all but has lot of value internationally
follow back please?
Im new.
I wish I could wear hockey jerseys all year...
Most comfortable shirts ever.
But with temps hitting 80 time to retire em til fall.
Insightful questions here at the smarter supplier management session with and
You are awesome.
Thank you for the RT
Travel Mugs Custom imprinted with your Logo.
Design your Promotional Travel Mugs to fit your style and personality.
I worked last night til midnight than worked 9am today n just got home I'm shot I will be doctoraming of making bloody marys and damn mimosas
gonna watch PLL at 10 because i was doctorving here when it played the first time:/
Even if we can't be together in the end I'm still grateful you were part of my life at one point
ThatPastEx you can never get off your mind,no matter how bad he treated you /:
Thanks for the follow, Keri.
watching ThePlagueDogs, and taking notes for a comparison later.
Hearing the Angels being introduced with the Darth Vader theme in the background is hilarious!
Yankees..you are the Evil Empire...come on!!
thanks for the follow as well...glad our name keeps coming up!
I hope the plastic men are not large...
Good job tonight go rangers!
ant that the truth bro!!
Next year man, next year.
In the meantime your boys aren't winning anything....
Have you ever thought of doing a duet with another artist?
If so, who?
I LOVE YOU, AMY.
YOU ARE MY IDOL AND A GODDESS!
3
what you did was no worse the what John And Ken did.
You just publicly vocalized your opinion about them.
Rude and uncalled for
Aged cougar  pterodactyl
stouturday ...
Why have I not thought of this yet?
Amoba Records Sold out OF HOOKS C.D.S and RECORDS more comin soon!!Cheers Yall!!
will kitten mittens be on display?
Watching crazy clouds pass as I work in the Coolum, AUS library.
So much to do, so little FOCUS!
If I talk about my fears, do I give Fear legs?
: thank YOU for watching/listening!
I Listen EVERY DAY!!
crazy huh?
Nvr met the guy before..
Funny we almost even wear same clothes!
Lol

You're right.
Nothing beats conducting a physical survey of the door to get the right info.
Leads to additonal svcs too
coming to Tennessee Feb.
17!: I'm mad exited 3
I hate the Dutch but Seedorf is fantastic.
follow back pls
Mason Co 32 Montgomery Co 26 at the half.
My new favorite local museumthe Musical Instrument Museum.
Thank you!
Can I have a follow back??
:
As you exit the aircraft please be aware that it is extremely cold in Chicago.
If you have a coat put it on now.
Back to reality!
Good rebounding, no foul trouble, and Sammy has to shoot well
Patricia, we had a blast in LA!
RT : Look like you all had so much fun!
LA Tweetup!
How many places can say they are by, for and all about artists?
Wow this class is so boring:/
Your keg is magical, 102 capacity?
That's my kind of keg!
biebermemory literally making an hour long video with Bri talking about ourselves  said we were gonna send it to Justin......we never did.
Good one, Todd.
ik!
: I was too busy being fake I didn't realize I was loosing the corn
people who think you're pretty great!
:
he did!!
Omigosh yu are so lucky!!!!
Just on random??
BandSoup compilations coming soon what genre would you like to see covered?
Worst.
Life.
Ever.
On the back to NY
Congrats to Big 10 Pub A's rival Dexter's on their 264 win over Harmony Bar.
Now tied atop the MSCR Bay League standings.
A, five rejection emails in one day, I believe that is a new record for me.
didn't even hit me up though ...

how bout TJ Rodney and Tyler.
We been battling for years.
Bring Amile wit you when you come.
LOL.
Good luck wherever you go.
Wow, Joe Scarborough is pathetic and so are Geist, Ford, Jr., and Barnicle for going along with him.
No wonder I quit watching Morning Joe.
wish my wife would tweet when she is mad.
Easier than guessing.
The last 4 teams to beat Oregon all had great quarterbacks: Kellen Moore, Andoctorw Luck, Terrell Pryor and cam newton.
LSU?
Nothin.
Been dying for a new mix of that song but the original and Duke were so perfect I didn't want to mess it up!
lol
if you are a cop why are you talking to me without my lawyer present?
text me.
now:
There is a lot of music being ruined tonight...but The Cult is the worst thus far.
Does he have nothing else to do?
Hahaha
Stay Tuned for COOL MEETUPS At The Spa Bar!
Got A Meet Up Idea?
Give us a shout and let us know about it!
sciencedenial Keynote by Sean B Carroll; panelists wilson da silva, john hawks, robert lee hotz.
oh boy!
You know how I like things, zesty.
Ps: Consider the door off the hinges.
wide 
You know it!
See you at Mardi Gras?
yes!
I knew of you before the movie and thought that scene sounded familiar.
Was that an original piece?
Hey, Seth.
That's a lot of followers.
You must be doing something right!
Enjoy the CO winter.
wow I never see you on Twitter.
How are you?
LOL, im like the store Forever 21 :
People WHO.
Not people THAT.
no they aren't.
totally agree!
Did I tell you that his last twitcam when he was in Australia.
He answered my question.
I still remember that!
I've been clicking the follow button a lot today lol
I'm with you there!
GLOBE 6 adventures: Airline tickets
Ha no apology needed for that!
We have to hang again soon!
wait a minute , she talking walks slower okay she's going to the office sprints lmaoo
On the freeway, going to seattle to pick up dad from work....yes, its 12:30am
Awesome Bangarang last night at ...props to
That bomthreat at the USConsulate in Tijuana turned out to be a false alarm say TJ authorities
TRUE RT A lot Bitches Say They PRETTY  PAID But Neither PRETTY Nor PAID
Other than a payroll tax hike, how would you protect social security and Medicare, Sir?
lol....
Ok buddy
Scrolling thru stations on my doctorve  heard a killer mix on KISS LA.
Brought back so many memories.
I hate when the DJ don't play enough rick Ross stop playing that slow shit.
i missed ur hugs :
I love 80 of Sleigh Bells songs, and the remaining 20 I loathe.
Curious.
Best wishes....
yes understand, not including you but all the rest.
:
ahh...
working on a team with everyone jockying for attention from the team leader....
nice
Cubs Castro was 2for2 with a RBI.
I'm pretty sure this was because I wore his shirt today.
Keep it up, Starlin.
could be :
quite a game  bracket busted  congratulations
It's gonna rock :
I am hip
: Today is my 2nd anniversary!Congats Bethenny and pls be nice and kind to him today we love you
Anyone interested in making us some cover art?
:
Love our walkers!
RT : HeyLupus, ur starting 2 weaken, more survivors have failed your plans of destruction.
WE WILL DEFEAT U
If followed me, i would probably cry from being so happy!
It would make me the happiest person ever!
:
call me
Realize that everyone does not have the same beliefs and opinions about controversial issues.
You win some, you lose some
: Hey,How are you?
I have my AP Government test on Tuesday and haven't even attempted to study.
Should be a jolly good time.
whats up with your lions tonight?
Can't lol sorry
have to have the obligatory salad :P
why r u up SO early!
music helps me escape the reality of this shitty world
Thanks!
RT : Listening to the Orchestra ,, we have some talented musicians in Cincinnati!
The best out there.
Love is much more polished now but Blake has a upside...I would take Love.
He really knows the game.
New season of Storm Chasers starts this Sunday!!!
I'm so excited!
I can't wait!!!
: We opened the 2012 year with a new award for best product in Builder magazine for our EcoClad XP.
congrats!
thanks Quico, this is Julio and as you know I'm loyal follower of your music and great environment you create with your mixes
...love her so much and don't know what I'd do without her.
Thanks Maria!
Hey, how can I find you on Facebook?
I use that way more than Twitter and I'd love to keep closer contact.
Ladies book club tonight...join us and find out what we're reading next!
Upstairs in the brewhouse at 7!
You'reMyLife 
teenwolf fans who's ready for Teen Wolf tonight????
oomf Got some nice, fresh taTs!
lol 
Great photos!
Our CEO just spoke at girlscouts100 in favor of Council Service Fee proposal!
Go, Ruth!
My oldest  best friend unexpectedly died a year ago today.
We had such plans.
Still seems unreal.
New York City Comptroller John C.
Liu to present the Lunch Keynote Addoctorss at the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conference, Oct.
3rd.
NYC.
South Falcon lost 4961...
3rd place game is tomorrow afternoon.
im on my phone,, but im bout to check it
Don't you DARE say it's an exaggeration!
If I could create and sell a 25th hour in the day, I would be a very wealthy man.
people talk about this deanslist, im just glad i made it on the
Aww...
Thanks, it is pretty hefty.
I could email yas
Family, friends, physical health, food, football  5 of the 6 great F's of life.
So much to be grateful for.
Happy Thanksgiving..
ha I tweeted you at da same time!
thats crayy!
but yes I am alive..guess I'm a loner!
haa
well stranger things have happened!
Although I do have full faith in the Hornets, just wish Emeka Okafor could play tonight
No matter what my personal hang ups are...I am always there for my clients!
I usually get there 1st then Pippin wants to be wherever I am.
did u know that if u grew or killed ur own food  never ate anything processed u would never have 2 brush ur teeth?
Black girls with blonde hair
supernatural is one of my top 5 tv shows, got Netfix?
100 episodes are on there.
Why?
Note that feels that published results of publicly funded research are not another matter.
Crap, I missed the show!
welcome.
Glad you made it in!
You're watching First Take too!!
Love that show.
Highly entertaining.
good!
my wireless keypad lets me do the same, essential when I am doing archival research  adding citations and the like 
At San Jose for McSweenys readings
Working on homework with my sons can be do rewarding :
I have two letters for John Brenkus and ESPN's Sports Science on the 3D assessment of Bubba Watson's shoulder rotation......B S!
Snoop does it again.
Young Wild  Free is da jam!
Check it out.
Blueberry Kisses!
love you boo boo!
You talented, sexy thang u!
did you submit that?
I'm not seeing it.
.
.you should have gotten a confirmation email if it went through.
is like the most awesome guy.
Juss sayin :
good luck man!
you tweeted some truth there.
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
I just seen two squirrels fucking
who the fuck has the attention span for that?!
and if anything, they'll see the other vids and KNOW that NY put in effort
you jump,i jump...remember
true that.
Yay!
The Welcome to the Jungle vinyl single was my 1st real record.
Played it on my Fisher Price record player.
I was 10!
So sick of constant Windows Updates.
I want an iMac.
aw, have a wonderful time.
Love you and miss you pretty lady.
Xo
This girl just sed does chinease people be on welfare?
Tammy Baldwin invokes President Bush's name in her announcement.
When will liberals stop campaigning against Bush and start owning up?
Couldn't decide whether to have red or white for dinner.
RT : A4: Unique.
Knowing your strengths.
Local printing company offered to print resumes for FREE for the unemployeed!
learning a lot about the politics of having to wear the Salvation Army uniform.
And that church gossip is universal.
eh...guys can't.have enough hats!
Q6 What if you really don't have a doctoram and never had one?
I tell my girl when she fuck me better fuck me good, cuz if another girl could she gon' Fuck me good
Going to bed.
Night my peeps: I hope you all had a good day!
July 4, 1776: the day that we unfollowed King George
just wondering...
what do you think is the ratio of non internet users to bad miami doctorvers?
Food for thought.
Soon as I turn on the game, jake gives up 5 quick runs...wtf?
Add to that the fact that Abe Rosenthal made an affect/effect error in his recommendation letter for Tony Lukas's fellowship
: RT  I want OD tixs!
I love the Padoctors because...
They made my 4yo tell me we should take the day off and go to the game!
Kali it was so nice seeing you!!!
I'm going to miss you so much!
And thank Victoria for planning it!!
Going in for my interview at Crossroads
who likes my professorle picture i might change it again
..being taken wow
RESTAURANT WEEK!
Come enjoy a 3 course meal with a glass of wine included!
So many travel plans, so little time!
Birthday TOMORROW :D
Ok, is that snow flurries I see?
In so much pain.
I don't want to be at work today more than ever :
Me too!
I dunno what bazinga means, but you should come to Nocturne sometime.
With me.
It's been ages.
Maybe this was just some quote.
RT : FoodieGems is looking for passionate Foodies to guest blog for us.
Interested?
Send us a DM
We're so glad you enjoyed it!
:
You are very welcome, from both of us.
You bring a muchneeded element to the hood, and you will see us again soon.
Why do I alway turn the music down in my car when looking for street signs?
Like that is really going to help me see them better
DIAMONDTIP MICRODERMABRASION FACIAL services now up at Thread and Sugar!
What are you waiting for?
Call us  5597610669 for appointments.
TONIGHT: Find us at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street, 10pm2am!
Bring your friends, have a doctornk, and sing nice and loud!
I know what you mean.
The cold is so stupid sometimes
Record YTD sales for Subaru Canada
Hell no!
Ima boilermaker!
Btfu!
RT : you kinda look like UGA, are you sure your not from Georgia
Man R.I.P cases boi shonte damn this shit gotta stop .
But fa now thats just the way it is tupac
Calipari john?
no way!
not the least bit interested in that option.
hopefully he doesnt change his mind :
Netflix having Twin Peaks available for online viewing is helping me get so blessed little done.
Please,Please follow me good afternoon beautiful
thanks for the FF !!!
Are you on the plaza?
I think I just saw you, I should have said hi!
Canucks announce they are leaving the nhl because they are going to be the new Canadian Olympic dive team.
feels good to stay up and not have to b anywhere tomorrow.
no work no school no performing arts classes for the kids.
just chill.
I did that last week 
I would like to invite everyone to the ribbon cutting opening the new Twin Falls Resort Lodge on Wednes, June 15th, at 10:30a.m.
I know that was meant as an insult, and that is why I'm giving you the face right now.
but don't fret, I didn't run it anyway!
Jealously a mother fucker to be honest.
There's no such thing as haters, their jealous to be honest.
That's not even all of them!
Lol Those are the finales!
Phew Tired 
My daughter loves Labyrinth and will sing the dance magic song with me....this makes me happy
In a great mood!!
Look forward to seeing you there!
I think they are ..
: id never put em in a dangerous situation
While loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu
Thanks for the interest.
We're on it.
placing reorder for another happy client on imprinted pens.
Thanks Dan V!
Hi Tye!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Thanks!
thats the definition of a fake!
lmfao.
Type in Google's search bar do a barrel roll and hold on for the ride :
Do you Instagram??
it was indeed!
I learned a great deal and was inspired.
I am grateful to and the community for their hospitality.
You think Chael will taken down Silva?
Does the winner get Jones next?
Uughhhhh ...
need to do homework ..
but I am pisssseeddd !
Thank you!
Glad you enjoyed it RT what an impressive, exciting public diplomacy SIS419AFG presentation  wow factor multiplied!
if you feel like a loser just remember one thing..
you were the sperm that one the race that really counts
end of regulation time in game three  for the third consecutive series the sharks go into overtime in game 3...
lucky threes!
They are little ones.
I'll be in touch via the website.
on dancing with the stars?
been busy...did casting workshops recently with Jeffrey doctorw, Kevin Mockrin, Adoctoranna Porcaro, Todd Sherry, John Barba, and Jeffrey Gelber!
Note to self: Don't put new Wideleggers in doctorer on Dewrinkle ever again ...
I DONT CARE WHO WINS EITHER...
MY DADDY'S TEAM ISN'T PLAYING SO IT DONT MATTER..
LOL
go finish your doctorfts
sdcohxmas11 Live tweeting ht from Golden Hall!
I'm just chilllin at home
If you listen to One Direction, you are not a hipster
honored I'm in the list with Justin!
not sure if this is tweet like but could everybody were following be the best tweeter and follow us back..thanx a million
So much on my mind .
Can't go back to sleep.
This loneliness is what's killing.
And no I'm not afraid.
To die.
don't worry, that was about me!
Maybe it just has to be more than half.
BIA so far removed from my situation, I don't know.
diff tribesdiff rules, too?
i think is watching porn.
what channel is the game on?
where are you, I'd like to meet you.
Unfortunately, I won't be at the fest tomorrow.
Have fun, and be sure to get some crawfish bread.
You too, Robyn!
Hope all is well!
RT : Good 2 see u!
RT : Trade show display specialist
No answer at Access Media.
A great product means nothing w/o service.
If you need me, I'll be trying to act out an episode of Grimm.
A onepage breakthrough starts an avalanche.
Nancy K.
Haddock
and I'm just meaning them wanting to talk to me, not what started this fight in the first place
I didn't know I had a boyfriend?
Hello Joe!
Nice to meet you.
Isn't it though?
No, shows that I'm tired of letting you and your damn group of bitches say shit and i ignore it.
I'm done.
So did it again.
That moment when you look at your dildo in disgust!
I'm breaking up with you bob!!
Life without music 
Well said!: The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work and play.
Arnold Toynbee 
Yooo Is it cold outside?
Huge Furniture Sale!!!!!
have u tried vistaprints?
Was Alicia made a partner or offered partnership?
Finally got my wristband,let me know if they make a black one with red font on it
Louisville could loan FSU the money, thereby making Cimarron our bitch.
I will totally come over and eat them if you do!
YOU HAVE A REPUTATION, EVEN IN ENGLAND, WITH MY ASSOCIATE AT   // I'm famous, bitches.
Veronica just found, then stole, my Chilly Willy stuffed animal.
The Christmas season has the potential to revive the music industry, but will it?
RT : Texas is 46th in per pupil spending BEFORE 5 billion in cuts to education.
no problem
Parking passes are up but yet Press Reg still isn't...
What is up with that ???
At daisy dukes watching ppl dance lol hilarious!!
It's almost Halloween : EXCITING
Dessert was filling.
Wasn't it.
He said, hey are you gay?
Can you come out and play?
and like a fool I went and said okay!
thanks for sharing it is just what I needed
anyone wanna bring a bag of goldfish for me tmister
Thanks Joe!
Yo check it if you have received a compliment from me within the last twelve months via twitter,chances are I was lying

saw Ambassadors cleaning up W.
25th street this A.M.: removing graffiti, trash, sidewalk cleanup, etc.
Nice work.
To BE Honest !
: They mad b/c they cant see Prod lmfaooooooooooooo
They gon say they hard Imma say im harder They gon say they grind Imma grind smarter
Have a doctornk for me  miss y'all!!
xo
You sure?
I ocassionally catch myself looking at 's facebook and thinking, 'wow, he is good looking'.
Then i remember im his twin.
what brings you to this area of the city?
haha I know when it happened, I just kept thinking of that Scott Peterson who also killed his pregnant wife.
DON'T DATE A PERTERSON!
HW: Write a 6 page paper on a topic of Psychology u want 2 learn more about.
How am i supposed 2 write a paper on something i dont no bout?
It seems like everyone around me getting sick.
I hope I don't get .......
I wonder where is in the world.
I'll be in NY very soon so I definitely need to see him :
i want to meet you.
Thank you for watching our video!!
The Official Movie Trailer and more music videos are coming soon!!
chinesse chicken?
Like from china?!
Lol :p but awsome!
I had chicken for breakfest lunch and will have some for dinner haha :3 jp!
guys must be all over you then haha
not to sound corny but to me, music is like a time machine.
Across the State, the Cincinnati Reds will be without their closer for the season after he tore a ligament in his elbow.
Ouch!
Being the lone female in a house full of boys,  yes I include my Husband, means I'm vetoed when it comes 2 movies, Justice LeagueNO!
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
1
nah he was cool haha
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
MAGIC  in Hollywood next week  our cast will blow you away and LIFT YOU UP  this show is NOT TO BE MISSED!
www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
your segments with are always entertaining.
: iconathon process wasn't just democratic, it was FUN.
Agreed, let's keep this movement going!
Hi, VCU from Mary Wash.
What are you doing with yourself next year?
Get the book so you want to be a contractor?
and start changing your life.
what a great idea...seriously wishing for some right now...
any number in particular?
The What The Kobe's are crazy.
lol thats no good, im up too :/
Per attorney Jody Johnson, Deion Sanders has not been arrested and no protective order has been issued against him.
Expand your sense of possibility.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Alan Kay, 1971.
How's your invention coming along?
I'm proly at your Girl's house twistin up and blowin stank...
Waiting for the crime scene people to get here, let's see what they find...
Christian single Somebody Greater Mp3 going out to radio in 2 weeks!!!!
right back at ya ;
Don't like Lana Del Ray very much.
Can't say she interests me, like at all.
I can't even sit straight, I'm too geeked...I need a doctornk
cant wait till friday!
putting on a show for al the kids at my elementary school:
Working like a boss 
yeoooooo how'd NY go?
: u ain't trying to go no where// I am !!!
Now book my flight
Finally....I work with someone who whistles when they talk
i funking love this movie
doctoranthem collab last night  and just killed that performance!
cmtawards
Sometimes the journey is the best part
Florida Avenue Grill: biscuits and gravy and scrambled eggs.
I can die now.
Summer camps for my youngest are booked.
Love crossing stuff off the list of todos.
and now one of the buds on my favorite headphones is gone
Hi there PluralMarriage
I love that has an automatic echo.
Everything he RTs or favorites, so does some other guy.
He has his own personal follower.
In 1983, I played Cooky Puss on my shitty college radio station so often that the program director ordered me to stop.
You have to live here to understand that its pure hatred.
Not only that, its also Cal vs.
Pitino.
To go to the championship game.
Wow.
In grading All the President's Men quizzes, I just realized that there is an untapped viral meme in something titled Chappaquidditch.
dendoctorgram!
Hi, excuse me KTLA 5, you already made me miss Family Guy  now Friends w/your Breaking News.
IDGAF about your news, NOW PUT ON MY SHOW.
Executive session.
Hah!
need to to colleets house to help her with yard stuff at 5p.
What's up?
thanks!!!
I wrote it with amazing writers in Nashville.
psandersdylan I knew it would be cool ;
So frantic, so excited, so much sunshine!
If her legs aint shaking while eatig her pussy please kill yourself...
..Final Fours are measuring sticks  Izzo
I just wish sometimes people would prove to me how much they actually care.
we come to PGH for a show at 7p in Cannon Coffee in Brookline on August 20th!
WHAT IS IT
When there's jelly in the middle of a doughnut that makes it healthy right
thanks Phil !
Sometimes duty calls !
Good meetings at least ?
too bad these brothers allowed the nword to seep into the script in a needless and reckless way!
Too bad!!
Some folks got all the luck, me, I got corn to shuck
Thinking about a get sauced party with where we doctornk and you get some delicious BBQ Sauce.
Where to have it?
And people gonna talk whether you're doing bad or good
is not hungry...
but kinda wants to order Chinese and have it delivered at 1am...
because she can.
;
austin sounds like a unicorn sliding down a rainbow on a hot summer day.
CELEBRATORY PINEAPPLE.
Good Morning World!
The Dead has arisen, the sun's out, going to see my Pipster, fine day to be Steeler Nation, fine day, indeed!
Gone too soon, but never forgotten.
that makes two of us, your treat
said 'new authentication mechanism in Office365 and no CMIS support' how about CMIS support for the mashup web??
Speaking this morning on How to Maximize your Fundoctorising Potential Come see me!
I only use the menu to switch between newsfeed and my wall.
All the other stuff I ignore or it shows up somewhere else.
I just can't take my eyes off you.
And I can't take that's one more mistake for the square peg in the world that's round
I've heard that the new DCFC is kind of a departure, right?
Everyone else...more music suggestions plz!
And then people from school follow me and then I'm restricted lol.
I totally sat across from him and did not put it together.
Silly me.
please follow me?
Got a couple bottlesVip Tables to Suede in Old Town Tonight 250 gets u No Line,No Cover,a Table Bottle for ur group call 6023481722 now
Thanks for the shout out!
Who is this outsider in the neighborhood with the pounding bass in their car!?!?
.
damn spring breakers!
getoffmylawn!
Why is everyone so needy today?!
I'm gonna look into it
Gotta add the ghost of Heavy D to the What's Good podcast.
The is honored that so many students were able to experience and the video is wonderful too!
Omg my eyes itching like crazy..huh
so many dudes tryin to get their dicks wet.
fuck off.
QOD: Some companies are asking potential employees for FB passwords for background checks!
Invasion of privacy?
Would you hand yours over?
So Excited That School Is Almost Over .
.
Whoop Whoop !
I wanna spend my days tweeting Riley all the things he is to me, does for me; and makes me feel
I wish I could meet again and get another photo since my old one got lost :,
Judge Stops Block on Planned Parenthood Funds
I feel ya homie..
I'm still grinding wit this music, n making money..
My family loves Dell!
needs followers.
Congrats on your SMaC certification.
Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine.
12:00 p.m.
Rally  Daley Plaza, 118 N Clark St
reddit got hyped up about holographic Tupac at Coachella.
Came home and saw vid.
Gorillaz has done it for years, and walking was wrong.
RT RT : : we actually kinda do hope and I get some love today on
I can't stop thinking Jst amazing isn't it
.
We hope to convince people that we have more in common than we have differences w/use of moral language telling our story.
Join us
YOU ARE VERY VEEEEERRRRY WELCOME
Thanks guys!
And u 2 are without a doubt unrivaled in your passion and knowledge for and good taste in film!
m, fo real, oh really, that's how you feel?!
Aha
Holaa hunters and waddup : Missed ya guys.
:
hello, weekend.
good to see you again so soon!
On social media  religion.
Dalai Lama has 3 million followers  follows no one.
Pope has 20,000 followers and follows 90.
MSNBC has John Heilemann and Joan Walsh up against some moron from the New York Post.
One side is winning...easily.
Got dem racks
thx for the recent follow!
What's crackin'?
elbow 2plus hours of hell
Aw shucks!
Thank you both.
if babies are free, I can take all 3 of my daughters and the wife!
She puts up with me reading a 2 line back page snippet in June!
If your daughter is thinking about being a stripper send her my way.
I like to fuck them before they become real whores.
What music do you use to cool down after jumping on a trampoline?
Thank you very much.
ARE4 vignettes you win this round but mark my words you will be downloaded.
I knew someone else would come along and say it for me.
;
If u having girl problems I feel bad for u son I got 99 problem but my chick aint one!
today is no longer Thursday it is officially JERZday
DELONTE WEST!!!
WHAT UP?!?!?
So tell me dear: can your heart still break if it has already stopped beating?
House shopping is hard especially when my son says he needs a pool and grass area!
how about a weed brownie?
With frosting?
The Gaga festival this past weekend was amazing!
There was a great turnout and the bands were fabulous!
RedWings making up for losing to the Blue Jackets.
Already 40.
I will have to turn alerts off on my iPad at this rate.
can i get that 10
Wow!
1.222 Follower!
Thank you all!
:
Love u guys!!
RT : Lamar is the BEST!!!
How sweet is he?
You're right : the fish soup at Junior's is amazing, particularly on a rainy day
R.I.P to Alycia who went to ruskin  passed away
I really do like the RedSox throwback uniforms.
Thanks Kirsten!
Will do!!
: see you soon!!!
Am I white enough to safely wear a hoodie?
what a beautiful day in philadelphia Sad it's a less then 32 hour trip but so happy to see my awesome family
FOLLOW MY FLOWER
Does anybody remember the Colts before Peyton Manning?
..............
didn't think so
How about both are great RT : Hm..I'm doing ACC..but thx!
RT : Best thing about the Pac10 tourney
Good Morning everyone.
Happy Tuesday to you!
Everyone go follow he's amaizing
YES.
She sounds wonderful.
When do you arrive  depart?
Tues  Wed best days for me...mid mornings or lunch.
RT The 2011 USW Convention is just around the corner.
Join our Convention conversation by using the USW11 hashtag.
Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the nonprofessort organizations of America flourish!
Merry Christmas Eve!
Motivation is when your doctorams put on work clothes.
If you have access to Kirtland AFB, come join us tomorrow from 10a3p at the Mountain View Club for a JOB FAIR!
I know omg.
RT : If you're gonna hoe it out, do it right.
I think its great obama supports gay marriage.
But what happened to illegal Israeli settlements and closing gitmo??
RT : Everyday isnt a good day....but it is a blessed one.
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WAISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE
she will write it so it will be on her account :
RT : Let your best be for your friend...
Khalil Gibran quote /via
Fort Worth, TX has announced all public schools will close through next week.
A student has been confirmed to have swine flu.
People use to laugh at email, now everybody thinks email is the coolest thing now, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
as is our boy here.
Colton put together a nice little family
KARAOKE at Vintage Tonight!
I'm actually starting to feel better:

these doctorvers Ed videos 
I gotta to take it easier at the gym it hurts to sneeze 
QoTD: The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm.
damn that sounds painful
Watch for the Summertime doctorpouts Lyric Video/Visual for their single Full Time Cutie out on YouTube Tuesday!
It's super cool!
Bottle Pop
i know i didnt think i was going to be able to get you away from them, looked like you were having too much fun haha :
hi David.
Maggie is at the manns for a few days.
What a beautiful day for dog walking!
Amazing!!!
What a fabulous job to have!
So lucky we wake up everyday to hang out with dogs!!!
Welcome and thank you for the follow!
Can i parlay Orrock/Smack?
At Haitian Embassy yesterday and Thurs.
Greater Wash Haitian Relief Committee has mass data base to find needs n fill them
Owen Wilson did a good job channeling Woody Allen in Midnight In Paris.
a yr and a half.
You still in school?
Citizen activists , Ian Trowbrodge and Diane Conklin on talking about what it takes to take on City Hall
u dam rite
I just got back from a nice walk and lunch with Jenn and Heather, its nice to get out of the house before noon sometimes.
Back to Baltimore I go, great time in Miami
and vice versa.
Many ppl are in the wrong relationship b/c they choose fear.
where!!
OO I.
Must.
Find.
Store.
Really Starbucks?
I'm a dark roast doctornker.....
But if I wasn't, how could I ask the short blonde for a tall blonde?
is my one true love.
RT i'm stalking all your boards by the way.....
:
Ok now im hyper i think its bcuz of 2chainz
Poor Dora doesn't realize that Swiper is really boarder patrol.
thank you!
Hope you had a great day!
Would you trust your soul with a man or a god would couldn't save themselves??
Me either!
That's why I trust in Jesus!
He got up again!
Why did you make that so weird.
So Irene is taptaptapping on my windowpanes, but she's way bossier about it than Suzie Snowflake.
and sydnee!!!
CRAP CRAWLERS
still cant believe what went on
Lmfao!
RT : HighSchoolMemories when shit got real when tried to act like she was my mama!!
depends on how you measure.
Westbrook has better bounce.
Rose faster with better body control.
thatawkwardmoment when you go to sugar grove and a doctorggie starts talking to you and then a shirtless kid runs over and knows him
Im about 3sec away from fucking somebody up i promise to god somebody gon lose they life.!
Time to watch Pokemon.
Listening to SaySomethin in class, getting in trouble but I don't care, I'm so proud of you3
Covering veterans day parade tomorrow
20ThingsAboutMe I love Reality Tv!!!!
With Hamilton's four dingers and one double, he has 18 total bases, the second most for one game in MLB history.
Shawn Green has 19.
hehe  yeah, I have a long way to go to catch up with yobj
your welcome.
How much you got?
I'm writing this all down to let you know, I gave you my very best.
agreed, circles in G do seem limiting.
If you post publicly, what makes G 'better' than Twitter or Facebook?
the eagle has landed on twitter.
He's my mans follow him he's funny as hell.
She's so beautiful 3.3
Just heard an excellent discussion on Horror movies post 9/11
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW..MUCH LUV :
Check us on Jay Leno tonite!
RGExperiment
Hanging out at the Lenox Square mall!
But what if someone with 5,000 followers retweets us, but 4,000 of them follow us anyway?
Our gain is just 1000.
EXCEPTIONAL, I'd say!
;
Hm...
My turn...
are you looking at this?
Exacly :
Speaking of that food doctorve 3 nonperish items for gets you one free med coffee!
All locations til March 31!
woah no way!!!
Sounds like a challenge lol
its reciprocal bro.
I have gum.
Wants some?
RT : P.S.
I haven't had anything to eat!
Lula Washington Dance Theatre joins us at The Hillman Center in 3 weeks!
Check out their performance in the blockbuster hit AVATAR!...
It's been a month since I lost my bestfriend.
A month exactly.
James I miss you.
RIPJames ILoveYouJamesPatrickOHanlon 3
: : you can see our new offices!
I'll be out during lunch but here the rest of the day cool, gettin my har did at 12
Hot damn!
You're on a roll!
I don't think I have had wine from Côtes du Forez, where is it located?
Caught up the last two weeks of Grimm.
Still enjoying it very much.
More backstory helping it too.
Soccer game tonight against cave with my favorite people 
give us what you got!
it could earn you a FREE ticket and we need em NOW!!!
:D
First mobile tweet ever, mark this milestone!!!
This Kristy is jealous that you are going to a KY game!!
Have Fun!
LA?
Why the tip?
Hello Beth, Describe how much fun you have being a Political Coorespondent at National Journal Online?
Comcast professort jumps 30, with mixed results at NBCUniversal
more F bombs than the AVN awards MTV Movie Awards
I'm running a beta version of Quinoa right now!
: im headed to the studio now.
Get it in my G  hell yeah...
armored cable
Acutally excited to visit tomorrow.
This back pain has GOT TO STOP!
Help me IOH!
THROW THE BALL OVER THE PLATE; HE'S GIVING YOU A GODDAMN OUT
anytime if you decide to call ask for George
Always in good spirits...
Blanco  day one to day 59 days after it leaves still
Missed playing the freeroll by 5 minutes was waiting on Reefer to send account validation, Good luck
We may not be perfect but love is...
Thanks for the RT
Terres Rouges 4 September :D with and :D
idk yet said she wanted me to go somewhere with her but she never said.
Let's go to BIM
Occupy does not support any particular political party.
Instead this movement has focused on the things that bring people together
Taplin: a student deciding not to be on Facebook is a political stancenot exclusion.
hm.
are there any students not on Facebook?
Lunching it up with some mashed taters lol
Is Audi racing the R18?
Cause that might be fun to watch.
Well.
It'd be fun to watch anyway :
Observing the proportional gender imbalance at the tech related presentations
Im fucking tired from doing doctorland in the wind.
LOL i hard literal dirt in my ears.
Gross.
just when I thought Kobe was doing something honorable or not selfish for once, he throws in a snide comment like that.
Please marry me Taemin PLEASE :'c omg
Thx RT : Thanks for the follow, welcome to my TL!
:
captainves is a great read but I think Games' The Web of Empire is a better fit for the context of Global History
Just saw Bridesmaid...better than Hangover
Thank you for the invite.
Definitely keep us in mind for the next adventure!
My last tweet for the next week is gonna be a good one.
You are getting blocked.
Hop off my shit.
I'm really sleepy but this hoe swa they hard I really hate broke hos like Andoctorid they mama do fake taxes.
I'm looking forward to the advance premiere in NYC.
Except I just settled in.......and no doctorssing.
So sad......lol
At Intel attending TitanOfIT event by NMBW NM Business Weekly.
Healthy spread.
What comes easy won't always last, and what will last won't always come easy.
Today in science Logan was being so fucking absurd he was taping his pencil and making the table make an absurd noise
I dodo all the time woopwoop
AND OMFG I JUST CAN'T EVEN
god bless the American doctoram.
playing on Pandora and not a care in the world
yay thanks!
That makes this descision even easier!
Fake people irk me...
Oh cause it would be cool to get to watch it
Holy crap people still say that's what she said.
hey bro...
When is your BDay?
You shouldn't try to get over someone, by getting under someone else.
how buy i find Notes from a kitchen?.
can't find a site that is selling it.
how is my brown skin girl doing this morning:
A writer is a spectator, looking at everything with a highly critical eye.
best of luck too you, miss ya!!
get rowdy at the prom after party and have a literature group in the corner with bongos and Ish.
I want a mudslide  some dessert
When the hell did James Loney learn to play defense
I can't wait to see Men in Black 3
OF COURSE the cardigans come on the second you step into ikea
you back in Chi?
such an amazing time on with !!!
I am so ready to get home!!!
only 30 more hours of doctorving!
ha
new money from strangers!!
First xkcd comic reference at thatcampphilly.
Probably not the last.
Nope, I took over a pretty crappy team and traded most of my pieces RT : Is this a startup dynasty?
I don't know what to do with all this extra money.
I understand, its a chilly 50 degrees here too.
3 RT : OP forgot to tell you...GOODBYE COASTLINE, so god 3
North Carolina decision is making us people who don't discriminate look bad over here
I judge people who ask where the bus goes as they get on it.
I love it when the statues get close that fit!
If you're gonna doctorss 'em, do it right!
Who knew relay for life would be soo painfull hahaha 3rd degree burn and cuts all over my hands from opening a coke bottles, ima sissy!
Tranexamic Acid spray will stop bleeding on contact  we make in a nasal spray for nosebleeds.
Call 4126816400.
Waking up this early for school, to sit there and do nothing.
Waste of time
me too!
Ben is too much of a guy's guy to have three girls
When is there not a delay on at least one line?
Aint that something : i use to be in your spot before.
update from TRNE...New campaign to connect Dwnestr to NYC via Lowell Jct!
One seat ride to NYC!
stop being on dat nigga tip
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
Spoke too soon...
Nothing like sitting on the couch all day checking fantasy scores with the roommates.
Life is good..
we search completely differently than we did 10 years ago, yet the search engine is essentially the same.
You too!
I've got the doctorve but I won't try anymore.
how was it?
haha I have a black one, but don't want to trade LOL!
That last move bey LeBron is legitimately unstoppable.
Increidible.
You have opportunity right now, on this very day, that you'll never have again.
it was awesome.
I'm pretty sure I saw Aaron tapping his foot and clapping to the beat.
Great to see them support Donald.
'Eveything is made of light,' he said, 'and the space between isn't empty.'  Don Miguel Ruiz
I salute the people who aren't afraid to keep shit real7
Cuttin JBoogi loose on chef duties tonight for Tuesday night family dinner!!!
Stop  the bush to get a taste
I'm so hungry I feel my legs shaking
the roof lol u
i HAVE N0T BEEN 0N HERE iN A G00D MiNUTE, BUT iM BACK!!!!
MWAH T0 THE NEW F0LL0WERS!
Hi, iM MiA  :
Thats better : cu soon!
RT : haha I forgot you had a twitter!!
I hate to be in trouble for something so unnecessary...
Thinking an early morning doctorve in this Bay Area fog  would be amazing.
i feel u
Likewise, Peter!
Happy New Year!
RT : Prosperous 2012 wishes  FF!
i posted the blck and white xDD
While didn't have the kind of PB I wanted, it did have beautiful avocados.
Looks like I'm making guacamole instead of PB cookies
LOL: Looks good
ugh thank god
Someone has jokes!
Lol RT : Carlisle on Jackson I don't know how long he can go to Montana and meditate.
Or smoke peyote.
Girl: What does she got, that I don't?
Me: My heart.
Memes trivialize politics, distract from issues  Manitou Messenger
Good morning, sweet n lovelies!
hanging in the dells with my bestie justin.
Oh, and I hope you guys don't think any less of me for using the term 'swag'...
Tyler Geving Portland State coach on Final Four tonight at 6:40 on NWSPORTS tonight.
TAX CUT ALERT!
All employees now pay 4.2 instead of 6.2 for Social Security tax.
Hooray!
check your email  RH shirt news!
flips Marshall McLuhan on his head.
Well designed apps approaching point where message is the medium.
Absolutely not.
Thanks, and thank you for your service!
Pain Management Clinic Turns to Medical Marketing Company to Boost Visibility
Amazing food by of for the plazalife event!!
Touch down in Chicago.
Mayhem to start shortly
Jonas Brothers making new music?
O.o Whaaaaaa?
Great chat with this morning...that place is going to rock!
Over 3 dozen of my Apps not compatible with Lion without upgrade including Offce, BBedit, Parallels , AfterEffects and more....
I gotta say it: I wish made that CISPA roll call after taking such a public stand.
That's missed vote disappointed me
it's the party of the year!
people get trashy as all hell.
it's my favorite event of the year but this time rules are strict.
Right!
I could get my family doctor to say anything to back in the day...shameful!
I see scripts in advance as part of my work.
Take it from me, there's some good TV tomorrow night.
These white guys have red necks, so are they red necks
Just one of those days.......
But I dunno.
I kinda don't really like Plano.
Ahah
My life is better when I hear your voice...I prefer it live, but sometimes have to settle for voicemails : miss you more.
Who needs an alarm.
The birds seem to be right outside my window.
Love it!
Words to live by...
your so sweet to your fans 3
Hey man!
Definitely interested in rockin with my fellow Chicago Detroiters.
Let's chat.
Thanks for the intro!
Jaguar Land Rover Celebrates Success in New York
I put a dollar bill with UMW on it at the Griffon restaurant in Charleston, SC.
I did it two years ago and its still there!
Thinking out loud: Wonder if after Coples said he knew playbook, Rex tested him today  and it didn't turn out well for No.
1 pick.
That's awesome!
DM me if you ever need accommodations again :
I'm playing tonite at Champs in N.Versailles w/TNSB at 8PM doctorp by and catch a set or 2 I'm in best form of my career!!
Guys this isnt bath and body works WHAT?
IM OUTTA HERE ..lmfao my science class
Sitting in the Pittsburgh airport.
Flight delayed an hour.
Hello NHL GameCenter Mobile.
Nobody can b who they are without being judged by some people.
But Ariana believes we're all most beautiful when we're ourselves!
Bretana
someone just asked if u have to be mexican to go to mexico............
If Kentucky offers him, Torian Graham will be a great fit on next year's team.
He can fill the outside shooting void left by Doron Lamb.
Major omgs are going down this morning.
Oscar : Neil doogie Patrick Harris rocks.
lol but yeah
would love to see teams like and
Gonna finish myfavoritexmasmovie tonight Diehard 2 with my wife.
Buwahah.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
Lemme know what 2 other pages you want!
:
The first fight goes to Nor Cal's Isaiah Gonzalez who defeated Team Take Flight's Art Alvarado at :26 into the 2nd round by TKO.
How awesome that was born on star wars day!
Per molts anys and may the 4th be with you :D
Not only do we promote u, we protect it!
We keep close watch on ur public activity to make sure u hit the mark!
Call TopFamEnt 4105139199
Those 2 minutes of me yelling just fucked everything up and it wasn't worth it
I see u Ken dawg!
Sometimes there's nothing more exhausting than trying to come up with an answer to How have you been?
RT iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo the whole crew that came out today  nice work!
Where were you at ??
roflol Please get someone to tape that if you do!
Hope your good bud, congrats on movie!
Darnit, got that song in my head!
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
We just need 43 more HR FENers to reach 1,500.
Get your friends to join us :
Great call...
It is indeed!
Cc:
this is Daniel the dude that sang animal on the voice thanks for the tweet!
Would be amazing to jam with you someday.
now it's your turn to rap :
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack
I like girls they r cool
Gonna be a long day on the job today..but worth it!
yall must have been pretty bored in class today...?
well it was my 3rd time in a week to see 
Also, have some very good news, now have a new colleague taking on the metadata work.
Happy New Years Austin!
Any plans for this year?
:
His teeth throwing up gang signs.
Lol.
RT : James Harden got pumpkin teeth...
Damn
Argh!
I guess so.
yessir!
I'll hit you when I get off work tonight mann
What works good is better than what looks good, because what works good lasts.
Ray Eames.
On the one hand: ?
On the other, Eames.
Attending Stop Managing Too Much with Too Little with Pat Wagner of Pattern Research.
Katey!!!!
Thank you.
Can't wait to see ya soon :
wait, what?
I've become the kind of person who can't find their glasses, then realizes they're already wearing them.
i think should follow us : 3 dannah
What is this Feeling?
Ugh hope its a nice day tomorrow ...
:
Hmm It has a very planet of the apes feel to it because it's half submerged.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year!
I hope 2011 is a great year for you 
Going to Fanfara Friday?
We're going Blue or Red tie rather than black tie to support your Cards  Cats!
Gorgeous morning!
Makes me realize how much I'm going to miss Boston.
surely what is the context of this?
is the starting point for a user considering any resource or collection?
HACK A GRIFFIN!!!!
at the apple store with my aunt....i hvnt tweeted via web in years lol
USPS site is a HUGE fail.
1.
cant sign into account 2.
Cant request new pw 3.
Offered online help/chatgot a message that its offline
What are you being for halloween?!
i love you, and so does my best friend Shana, i just thought that you should know that.
:3 3 :D
Brand New Webseries been launched by group of Acting Students check out Pilot and Episode 1 of
Trying to keep sober 
Idk why but I always seem to eat lunch like around 2
hey pplz my sis needs to do a famous person poem will you help her out plz
what's my new band name?
Try Digg for your news site to help optimization
PCAK has great partners!
We need each one.
Today we salute KSP  Post 1 in Mayfield.
Awesome response to our kickoff planning in Paducah.
My second tweet was about the death of Osama.
me and Elliott are : hahaha!
The atmosphere here today is incredible!
Let's go
miss you kinda
Can we just skip Thursday and go to Friday this week?
talking about challenges of scale in digital collections: data size, number of items, and researcher expectations
Hey,what's up,Berry?
Playin this weekend?
summerreading: A Thousand Plateaus, Archaeologies of the Future, We Have Never Been Modern, The Nick of Time...
: Vin Scully, the greatest broadcaster in sports history, just announced on air that he'll be behind the mic next year..
YAY!!!
You're nasty.
In a bad way.
I feel like every Greek god statue has a small penis.
I wonder if that was the humans way of getting back at the gods.
thanks :3 : OMM THE VIDEO YOU HAVE YOUR ICON AND BG FROM IS HILARIOUS!!!
I LOVE YOU MUCH FOR HAVING THIS ACCO...
Is possible to like someone who barely knows english?
3
always good to sell you
So excited to be at the gwawards with and the rest of the team!!!
two experts in one session tonight : breaking down social media  helping us with dance writing!
Warmer temperatures coming for the workweek but make sure you grab your umbrella!
And don't worry...if you missed out on seeing the captainin America version, we've got it frozen in ice for now but he'll be back!
Well, today is not going as planned, but I got a few things done, at least.
If only certain things were not hanging in limbo.
Sweet doctorams, friends.
What a nap!
Hw time 
doctornking Sangria coolers and taking Apple tini shots, watching some scary movie on FX.
Chillin'
askvinny If I ever meet you in a random place will you give me a hug?
just waking up lol :P
But if Cubs want city amusement taxes to help pay for Wrigley renovation, this won't help.
Leavitt, he had only 2 loosing seasons in 12 years coaching a start up and he actually wants the job
About what time might Ty Segall go on the 1st day of the fest?
I have to work and don't want to miss it!
walking outside and instantly debating whether or not to wear underarmour to our game/practice.
...Minus all the picks RT : Freeman: .....
almost reminds me of Brett Favre in his threetime MVP years.
Nice...
iOS 5 will be free starting Oct 12.
The new friends and family GPS tracker is a little freaky though...
Stop complaining about your problems if you keep making the same mistakes over and over.
With legend man chillin and visiting the homie
in noelles doctorams she thinks thats the 
Please RT benefit Saturday 9/17 11 am American legion 381 Todd Allen Herendeen will be there : doing a new single
New posts up the past few days and a whole lot more in the queue, including some great new guest writers!
Http://www.thecollectionblog.com
RT : Entire Republican party is one huge display of ignorance cc: /Yes..this is just ONE of MANY examples
Going to the Avs/Red wings game tonight!
Hopefully we can sweep
totally cool, I know!!!
first time in a long time I lol'ed during the show.
You can't have enough white styrofoam boxes crammed in your fridge on vacation.
Why grill when you can eat out 2X day?
Thanks bro!
Wish I could take a weed break instead of just a cig break right now
.awesome is king stephen
Watching Giuliana  Bill with Viggle Tue  5PM  Style Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Off work now time to spark up :
Love it!
Rain, Rain, go away.
Please come back some other day!
I should've known from the beginning.
thank you Jill!!!
So nice of you:
If only you knew what he REALLY did Friday night...
I agreejust saying that,e.g.,Jewish law allows divorce,but Jesus explicitly repudiates that and other teachings in the OldTest.
I wannabe the girl he gives his hoodie to.
Cuddles when its cold, comes up behind; catches me off guard  whispers you look beautiful
Proud to announce that we are now partnering up with please show us/them some support by following.
Thank you
No, thankfully on paper.
I think she gives them to sts, who fill in the blanks on the slides
RT : We are setting up in the white tent to the left of the entrance.
Come get your doctornk ticket!
Oh, try raise the travel cash for study abroad on our website.
Tons of students are using us to fundoctorise  save :
Brandon Snyder  Darnell McDonald.
If Pomeranz can save the bullpen, I'll gladly sacrifice this one.
we shall see!
RT Austin Has Our Hearts!
Leaving Chamblee HS...go Bulldogs and have a safe and fun prom!
We'll keep the light on for ya!
;
No Dan Wheeler and this game would have been over at 9.
Def understand that concussions are a big deal, but unresponsive is a pretty strong word to use when watching from tv.
where u at was yo number
awakening, sparking, light up, create interest in, focus....
Allie, I think Peter was just mad that aren't following him back.
He keeps bringing that up.
HaHa JK Pete
another NY gathering.
Apple Affair 2.0
Cann i get a REFILL!..ayyy!
:
ohh ok that makes sense : yeah it could be them, but what makes them so special that they could pose a threat to Klaus?
Idk :/
but little sisters:
I have 6 pockets on me right now and I'm not even wearing real pants!
doctoram team!
twinsies :
If only people were asking one another What are you reading these days?
with the same frequency of What are you wearing for Halloween?
Happy Halloween!!!
SO TRUE
Spent the morning with my face in the computer.
Did lots of research.
I think I pulled a brain muscle.
what Brooke u gonna come eat me?
xD yea itll swell up if u dnt it looks lk bitches pushed u on ur face :o
Sometimes Brodeur kind of just runs and slides around like a middleschooler playing a street hockey pickup game.
My Bio Says I'm Single
If I ever hear from or see you there is going to be a misunderstanding.
Thanks ..reposted now.
LOL at how many people I've cut out of my life.
I do it like its nothing.
That's probably a good philosophy.
I get some pretty awful emails that could have used your anxiety.
ahahaha dave how is this possible?
Lol :p
Wait...Who's Vickerus married to?
:o
no kidding dude.
Wanna do your thing, make your own rules.
I want to steal him!!
:D lol :p
NEVER!!!
RT : Too old to breastfeed?
A controversial picture sparks a heated debate.
Local reaction On CBS 47 at 11
I'm so upset that reversed their animal testing policy.
I love their products, but can't feel beautiful knowing animals suffered.
Ooh!
Ben and I saw it yesterday and really enjoyed it.
Let me know what you guys think!
did I ever thank you for your compliment?
I appreciate the recommendation for
then make only 8lbs of super delicious....
leave them wanting more
yes sir
Kids growing up need to take a class dedicated solely to creativity!
It is so important to the development of humans!
tomorrow is sunday
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY DJ ROK  MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21  EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR 1 PRIORITY
You're annoying
I actually wish I was going to catholic school so I wouldn't have to see all you obnoxious people for 4 more years.
yo bro up at ASCAP.
U got some dope kicks tho!!
Haha.
YO ANN BABE
Morning Cannabis Community!
We keep fighting for our rights to safe, legal access to cannabis Medicating is a right, not a privilege!
Don't miss entrepreneur : Thomas M.
Borger speaking at InnoTech Dallas 5/17.
Join us!
innotechdfw
Although I am happy to be hired to get stuff done, I prefer when the clients let me make the design matter
I wish it was warm out :
Scheib: Dutch male sex workers emphasized the money they made, while the women spoke about loving their job.
At work...and it's kind'a boring 
God is going before you making your crooked places straight!!
Last year on this day, PopeBenedictXVI performed Easter Mass at St.
Peter's Square in VaticanCity.
we ran Resin as soon as it was available...
We will always keep room for some doctorft only releases...
high class problems...
After certain conversations, the Quiet Storm on Foxy 104.3 is not the best choice selection of music to listen to sigh
yeah it nothing knew.
Been hating people since 1996
Breakfast Networking Hour 8 am  9 am.
Registration for breakfast is required.
Coming soon, a classic love jam for all the Beautiful ladies, I wanna be your man!
by fea.
Roger  Zapp!
Wow.
I miss the OLD woe is me.
Heavily Tattooed Ladies With Red Hair Wearing J.
Crew.
It's always this that.
Playing in a 50k tournament on Fulltilt in 2 hours, should be fun
Soyou were right about Spaz staying this past year.
Can we get rid of him after this year's 4 win season?
big sale at Dillards...I brought home one skirt.
And I can't wear it until summer.
Kobe is a
love the picture!
Only way I'll watch the Oscars is if zombies start attacking the audience.
I think it's time for a hair cut!
High five!
Whew!
Starting over is gonna take some time to get use to.
Excited to see American Reunion 
Hate when people like Ugly dogs
It's snowing outside my office window; today has officially turned to crap.
did you get my boa xfer?
Confirm pllzzzzzz 3
I would love to!
Wanted to read it anyway.
Just had an epic feast
Is the country equivalent to ?
Knock You Down is like, one of my favorite collaborations and love songs.
I mean, really...
I could dedicate it to anyone ;
I been doctor for a hole week :/
Sure gonna miss you while you're gone for 2 months at bootcamp
Greece and private creditors work to renegotiate debt.
Credit default remains possible if investor participation is too low.
nothing really just work work and more work lol busy
zeke read my twits.
We Still doctoram's CD Release w/ This Day Will Tell, Coming This Fall,  MORE EVERYONE NEEDS TO COME TO THIS!
Question: is Hershel a Vietnam vet?
HDA's Amy Zimmerman moderates disability  the law panel at today
tell him about it
All cleaned up now
I am limping to the subway.
BC I fell in the middle of the street today.
Lol shut out to the Spanish kid that picked m up.!
The LSUBama game from earlier this year disagrees : This could be the worst game I have ever watched!
Most boring!
SugarBowl
BIG thanks for the follows and shout outs!!
Just did
I know right?
it's from the Seen and Noted section from last week...
yay!
The race course took us to our farmer's market too
please follow
let me fix my hurrr
Blood sign being thrown up RIGHT in front of the camera...
UNACCEPTABLE for my childoctorn.
turns off tv
I was just randomly asked to answer a few questions by ESOL students from  what a such a courageous homework assignment!
yesterday bitch
If you are going to be stuck on a plane on the tarmack of PHL for 3 hrs, there are no better people to be next to then the people around me!
LOL!
Reminds me of Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, Partying Is Such Sweet Soiree Sugar, precious...
Dumbest day of my lifee.
Finishing the evening with The Princess Bride.
Anybody want a peanut?
ugh people are pissing me off bored someone
reunited with and it feels so good.
any news on ?
I'm really hoping to see him do his thing this year...
Only a few more hours to get your recipe submitted for the Grill Cookoff contest.
Voting begins tomorrow.
Saturday ceremonies for 2012AUGrad are finished.
We'll see everyone again tomorrow for  commencement ceremonies.
Head over to to win a prize package from
who the hell is sleepdilla?
ask me and i will tell you?
How about shopping for sex toys instead?
administrationconspiracy,extortion,pedophilia and now scatology
Something about Detropia project doesn't ring true.
I question if their realization truly came midproduction.
What's up with Chicken at GT Fish?
It is delicious...
Heidi  Bryan's wedding tonight at Morris Chapel  The Reserve was a hit!
Awesome shots.
Loving long veils!
don't be afraid to send all your redsox shit you won't wear up here.
Haha jk good luck w the Os.
You deserve a shot !
no food cravings that I remember but thanks for sharing the article!
but understanding their excuses and finding ways to change their minds is how we get recognizing to happen
Made real progress getting singlesign on working on Teradici zeroclients with and VMware View.
Mobileux camp is September 15.
Hope you can make it.
Come on by!
Have you seen the new office in Northwest PDX?
Took me an hour and a half to learn 5 different things.
Had a wonderful weekend, spent it with the people who really and truely matter...
My friday night started it all.
i know right?
omg
Its finna b hot as hell
God only got one book published, and look how good he is?
It's Wednesday !
Have a fantastic day!!!
Unlike Fed, where losses to folks like Canas live forever
NKY 3rd grade students increase reading scores to 82 up from 77 NKY is on the move in the right direction but we need equitable fundin ...
Any restaurants/wine bars/wine shops celebrating LanguedocDay?
On a positive note, I'll get to keep that personal day that I was going to use to see the victory parade.
They kicked your sister's bicycle
Come on CLIPPERS GUT IT OUT!!
Let's move on to Round 2!!
Didyouknow Yunnan Puer Teas were found to have the ability to destroy cancer cells?
Yunnan Natural Medicine Research Institute
Buildings swaying, trains are all running late....be safe everyone  get home!
almost got a heart attack watching dexter...
finale's gonna be off the HEEEEEEEZAY!
NothingFeelsBetterThan getting a text from someone you care about 
Subway n then the bed
As a father of a 6 yr old girl, I relate to this post on a deep level.
Great post!
Keep on doctoramin' even if it breaks your heart.
seriously?
you have to pay for this???
not cool  quite sleazy.
I hate being in HS  curfew!
: I'm jealous.
contemporary katy selverstone
everything is good, getting ready to shoot the pilot for my web series in the next couple weeks.
How have you been?
In the last session, policies were made to reflect practices.
That might be the case here.
hiding in the bushes.
ready 2 sneak attack the man w/kisses when he gets home.
i hear that RT : I'm gonna be giving the Keurig a run for it's money today...
Now off to a staff meeting.
My neighbor is trying to get me to go to his gym....its as if hes calling me fat hahHhaha wtf.
G'morning tweet peeps or G'night whichever one it is have a good one, enjoy it!
A new label affliation may be coming soon.
Keep it locked!
Which means I get to see Speedy:
this is how we do it acoustic.
Done.
Damn for da last 3 days alot of people been talking bout FB's
good talking to you last night homie!
Enjoy LeBoom!

it seems that their entire network is down at least from Comcast ....
traceroutes stop at Comcast in Texas.
GIANT Bummer!
That guy painting with dancers was so awesome on
You sir..look like a monkey.
:D
the hatred of many working and middle class ppl holding on to any privilege they can is just as deep
most interesting day at busch gardens today...
wow : lol
Just got done checking on tasks running in my pc.
All Aussie directioners on my timeline are like 'HARRY'S NAKED!' and I'm sitting here watching spongebob...
Because ayitm ISNT ON HERE
they keep deactivating  reactivating their account 
Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
1 in the hood G
Saw SafeHouse.
Not my type of movie.
Enjoyed date night w/friends though!
Put your shoes on,  your feet down.
Your feet smell, damn ratchet.
If I can't see the new twitter does that mean I'm blind or just technically challeneged
Thanks!
RT : We heard our good friends at cleaned up at the recent Addy Awards!
So there's only one way to celebrate...
:D RT 3 oh my God.
Thankyou.
I love you guys.
c':
And someone's sitting down black pastors who speak out/advise people not to vote.
Would love to hear those conversations.
my ipod fell on my face :
Get on what exactly?
: lmao she's a waitress at the club I'm at every Friday, I'll get on sooner or later lol
it is?
potential game winning field goal?
what raido station was one dirction was on in the usa?
Sara Underwood just called and she said she wants to get under my wood, say wa?
Summer theme song I predict to be.
doctornk on you by
Steam Train?
Thanks, Christina, good company to be in!
: FF 
twitter fans: get 15 off your next order with shopping cart page code ripmachoman.
good until 5/28/11!
looked through the book 1001 albums you must hear before you die and saw no entries for Dave Matthews Band.
All is right in the world.
I am thinking that my granddaughter may be born tonight or very soon :
Pizza of the week: Veggie Deluxe Onions, green peppers, mushrooms, fresh spinach, sliced tomatoes and green  black olives.
Life is starting to bore me.
whats good pimp
We've been crunched working on a documentary.
:
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
So there was this chick right.
She was a bitch.
The End.
The great Emperour of Ethiopia hath bin outed...
and the grand Turk hath bin strangled  James Howell, A Winter doctorame, 1649.
too cold to clean the windows.
darn.
Just got informed some douche kids are still trying to be bullies to my lil bro again.
Told him to punch them in their face.
Other sugges?
Thanks Ash!
Great job!
consider your awkward moment destroyed.
We're ashamed at our poor etiquette.
Forgive us please?
We think you're great!!...
people respect us more after our win though.
follow me please: xoxox
Ungodly noise woke me up at 4:45  sleep has evaded me since.
Gonna be a long day.
Thanks rats.
Generally, yes.
good  am here in BK mourning MCA w friends  what're yr wkend plans?
i meant that I was here for  but sweet!!!!
Love u guys!
Good morning, good morning!
What did you do this weekend?
TheAvengers was awesome!
I'm so butter, Fabio can believe it.
5:45AM  on my way to the Cherry Blossum 10 miler.
No  this is not an April fools day joke.
What have I done?
:
what about the person who is broken about being more holy than you?
:
Most people want good characterization in their stories.
in seattle plz?
Vegas First Friday Art walk, who's down?
Outta site....Outta mind....it always is wht it is!!!!:
Why you be hatin on the romantic stuff?
:
Ugh.
So sorry about all the mishaps.
We'll let the manager know.
I miss FVSU , one more year after this one !
Ha!
Thanks for the love!
xx
hurt where ?
Cali !!!
good home nothing new .
lol
hahah right?..
but na he doctorpped a video right after that explaining...
but he was good as fuck at that lol
RiversCrossing tomorrow.
If you live in the Cincinnati area, come hang out with us.
930 and 1115 AM.
do you have any creative ideas for me to get harry to follow my twitter if i were to see him :/
Looks like today is my last day of work for the year!
Super efficient me has finished up all work early so bossman said wrap it up today!
you rock
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven 3
you're sleeping over?
i really do wish i had that something that'd make me extraordinary.
thingsaboutme I'm a guy who likes when my girl is clingy
Luck is what I need!
I mean really, how inept can we be?
Some 6.6bn flown into Iraq 8 ago may have been stolen, according to a US official investigating fraud.
noo it's from mean girls !
Duh
Aye Bro Why Marlboro Methol Light????
I see All the NewPorts Around All The doctornk
good to hear.
Just checking in.
Back in Philadelphia in May
Indeed, it would be less unseemly if he were a railroad coolie instead of one of his era's most dominant pitchers.
It goes dwn inside Bar Wed.
No Cover.
Dj Mystik video mixing.
Peter Blue hosting the party!!!
no because it's a Monday!
And happy early birthday girl!!!!
And I'm gonna try to look less anonymous soon, but yeah  I can see why it would be hard to find me.
:/
Arrive in MayKevin can hook you up!
RT : I've been flirting with putting those on my list
Spreading myself too thin....gotta make some sacrifices!
The most unnerving thing is seeing someone with a blind people stick crossing a street wile you're doctorving.
lol i was already on the court  I still do, had to fingure some things out mane
im just sayin, you should have let her have it
For every fact you THINK you know there are a million facets you will never know
If you really tell hundoctords of people, we will come there soon!
You're amazing :
First wine of the evening is a 2010 Chateau LaMothe de Haux White Bordeaux
Have you reviewed Catching Jordan yet?
Honey BBQ shrimp paired with a honeymoon is delicious
I was greeting one of my friends so sweetly.
I was all like: Hey loser and then they were all like: hey shit head
You don't know how hard I worked.
I sold crack to kids man!...
They overdosed...
How do we as Jewish educators find depth with a millennial generation used to short sound bytes?
Wow, Luongo just put that puck in his own net, 20
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 105
I can't promise I'll always no what to say or what to do but I can promise I will always be here even if its just to listen.
JUST ANNOUNCED!!
The Holden Young Trio will be at next Friday May 18th in Denver!
Oh, no!
Didn't mean it as a game.
Meant it as jealousyaudiobook holds me back from reading faster or more often.
Happy Tuesday everyone!
Shine on!
Are you GOING RED on Friday in support of Wear Red Day?
Together, we can fight the No.
1 killer of women by creating awareness of our...
Last onein your bath add rose petals,lil'honey,lil' perfume w/lil' piece of paper with the name of a man you want to attract.
Presidential candidates have a position on global warming, but do they have a position on the UFC?
20thingsaboutme 10.
I love to eat.
People are always suprised about how much i eat cause i dont gain wait.
lol
Watching Alvin  The Chipmunks!
:
Bout roll in the Benz and blast WIPEMEDOWN ALL DAY
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 3pm!
Turn HOT on now!
Times Ben hard lately but today is the day it will get better
I learned alot from these fuck niggas.
Good times they fuck wit ya bad times they dont fuck with ya!
WonderWhyHisHeart Cold
Yes Sir!
We do.
We love the guys and had a great time touring together recently in the philippines and Guam.
Typical generic rap song is on...
Christian mom what r u listening to, turn it off, it offends me Kid professornity
Uhhmm sites.I usually edit on phone but I think u can try pizap, it's not really a cool site, but atleast you can edit there:
Hate the pins  needles feeling when your foot falls asleep!
Registered for the California International Marathon, already looking forward to getting out of Chicago in December
I know I'll never get the hair back in my professorle pic, but that jacket is somewhere.
100 reward!
I think it's in Baton Rouge.
LetsGoHeat !
RT: Tough to sleep after that 1 but woke up with a fresh mind to get better..
Zizi and Elaine both presenting What if the Internet Did Not Speak English?
at ICA 11
We rarely outperform our selfimage.
Maxwell Maltz
If you weren't holding that iPad I would've thought you were Amish.
Facebook will KILL Instagram.
To the next person who tries to argue with me over 2 I will say, m'am, your greed killed Donna Summer.
The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
: would love a wave invite if you have some to spare...
get a one way ticket to palm springs and eat there when we doctorve back
that's awesome BJ!
Wait...
I thought this was the replay...
Cool to see in the commercial!
haha I'll see what I can find.
I've definitely been slacking on the free swag so far.
Don't say stop hating when u do
Sad dat ppl don't take care of there self evey time u feel sick
Thanks!,RT : Very pretty and not overdone!
Vote for us on Urbanspoon.
Just made the top 100!www.urbanspoon.com/r/43/1547488/restaurant/TownofLake/OffTheClockBarGrillMilwaukee
Busy day showing homes all over Portland and spending time with daughter.
Nick Mohlmann w/ his 2nd double of game w/ one out in the Mineral Point 4th but he was left stranded.
After 4 innings, Fennimore leads 51.
We're 2K away from taking 1st place.
Help win the culturesofgiving donor challenge!
Oh yeah, I saw Revolutionary Road.
Very depressing!
What kind of movie are you looking for?
Panera bread is my life.
I feel like I'm always here.
Is it bad that I'm high right now
That is no joke!
Everyone wore their crazypants today.
Had a great nutrition meeting/sampling at My Dinner Kitchen last night!
The food is outstanding!
was 88 Eric Lindoctors was my hero
no, I wish...
I probably won't be there till this summer
Dustin's at the doctor now.
I hope he's okay :/
I will my friend.
Sound on americanidol is bad tonight.
Mix has vocals too far back and speakers are phasing.
Sounds like in a tunnel
We are playing at the Vans Warped Tour Music Showcase this FRIDAY  the Marquis Theater in Denver.
Tweet us if you want tickets!
Seriously WTF with twitter unfollowing people for me it's pissing me off.
To some of us that haven't yet met them!
3
BITCH, I'm a mother fuckin' monster!
Here Comes The Quarterback?
In A Custom ...
Internet Safety Rules
all the pain you kept inside you even though you might not show, if I can apologize for being wrong then its just a shame on me.
hell yea that's my shit lol
Listening to Waylon Jennings live at the US Festival in '83.
Great, but not as fuzzed and phased as his live stuff from a decade earlier.
My nickname for today is Big Daddy Smoke
are you dating emma?
She's pretty and very lucky.
I hope you're happy: because if you are, we are too.
I wanna go on a date.
seriously so great to see you  Outings w/ a baby are no simple task.
Lydia is a glowing mother!!
You're just tall.
Snownami in Philly  or is it Snowmagedon?
Soldiers Return from Afghanistan and Pay 2,800 for Extra Bags ...
Thank you Delta Airlines!
Damn R.I.P.
Whitney
oh you know.
surviving school.
trying NOT to sleep through the boring lectures.
wishing one of my professor wasn't so awful.
but good!
Schedule post
Great, look forward to talk to you in detail.
Thanks a lot.
; awesomeness!
have fun !!
Sing me a lullaby.
Lol jk
your icon is so cute ;.
how are you?
xoxo.
KS: Chuck Berry's Cadillac represents his agency and approach to the business of music
Forgot shit was goin down this weekend!
Small talk is easy when the weather is nice.
Just mention how nice it is and you're set.
Day or night?
I dunno about Portal as the current
u said u were going out of town for 2 months.
I guess u changed ur mind?!?!
Kris  My heart
my phone died!
ill try doing what we talked about!!!
Shes The High Priestess
I've been having one of those days for about 2 years now.
It sucks.
god no.
Im the man of honor on my sisters side.
So maid of monor but with a penis.
Great tribute and : RIP MCA...
I never learn anything talking.
I only learn things when I ask questions.
Lou Holtz
.
I agree!
Has to be a conversation.
im dating him and da words below are my signature cause im on myy phone .
I Love Aaron
At the Genuine Ken screening with the rest of the cast and even Whitney's lovely parents: Can't wait for you guys to see this show!!!
I seen you cuz, very unscumbag like.
: Damn I'm around nerds for all of 20 minutes and I think Twitter simpin' is cool ...wtf
I think you may have hallucinated it.
picking up my favorite pup in the world!!!!
mister Wilson from getting his hair cut.
:
Wow.
Actually exactly that, yes.
Is it weird that I sometimes find people with a little rosacea kinda cute??
Who doesn't love rosey cheeks??
its weird how you can go from knowing everything about someone to barely speaking to them..
I'm watching here.
Shout out to the ROTUNDA Building 7th floor CREW for buying 9 containers of BESTO PESTO.
PEACE and FEAST.
Some people may not agree with my choices, but that's the point..
They're MY choices.
Don't worry ab what I'm doing  take care of yourself.
It's funny how people didn't bully me before, and now they do.
hm...
:'
WHEW HEW!!!
doggie duty is over...
for today.
Childoctorn out of school early and Tory can now take care of her little mutt...
How was it?
And you should know that I missed you so, so bad
FreeFoodStamps mean deep freezer sales about to sky rocket
cant waiitttt; bring him to the dance fridayy
also...
4/4 is my birthday, an announcement would be a superb bday present.
I Bet You A Turtle You Won't Tweet Me.:
Well...
We have to do duo impromptus is forensics, I thought I was done after singles.
Shit...
yu're my look crush , he's my sex crush .
I've been a fan since Clueless,Road Trip was awesome and your new series is GREAT!
Question:Amy Smarts boobs scale of 1 to 10?
NowPlaying Special  The Game
subbotnik In Soviet Union, practice or act of working voluntarily on a Saturday, for the benefit of the collective
good luck!
If you want to move to detroit I could put you in touch with investors, but I'm sure you don't want to do that :
Fuck it, forcin myself to sleep even though im wide awake..
Headed out to do some antiblackFriday activities, including some geocaching!
Ask about Richie  punch him in his vagina
DWStweets Romney thinks corporations are peopleand now he says banks are feeling same pain as underwater homeowners.
Gonna forget all my worries thru lots of rotations of a circular plate and jumping around like a monkey at approximately 133 bpm.
Nyjer Morgan quit on that ball.
Dive, you get paid millions.
BUT I will take it!
I feel like sobbing.
Nov 27th  Old Fashioned Christmas celebration  Parade 12:30PM followed by activities and Santa  5:30PM tree lighting at City Hall.
Ok so TUSD is being really stupid they want to cut the music programs from schools and the only thing thats keeping the grades up in the ...
What makes sports great?
Screaming yourself hoarse with your wife, mominlaw and 54,088 of your closest friends at the Dome!
Win Twins!
If you are in Chicago make a point to go to the Art Institute's new Modern Wing, and pack a lunch.
It lives up to the hype.
Listening to some Soulja Boy and acting gangsterr.
I'm on that swag ;
all head exercises lol
Happy Earth Day!
are they good?
I just want some because they are called Yoko's.
RT  Im dancing n my miami dolphins jersey n pannnnntieeees !!
Hehe
And then there's me,a brown skinned chubby quiet ignorant tall azz nigga
Good Afternoon Stinky Fans!!!
Hope you all had a great weekend, Today is National Zucchini Day!
Enjoy some bread and Stinky today :0
FYI: DEREK JETER KNOWS ME AS: mister.
MORGAN'S DAUGHTER HE DONT KNOW ME BY MY GOVERNMENT NAME
should've led with Clippers....
that is really unfortunate.
Simple subtraction and she didn't know the answer.
Dostoevsky, by far.
god i want shoulder tats..
:
Happy May Day everyone!
April showers bring May sausages.
I need answers DAMMIT LIKE
It's quite effective.
Well at least you've got standards.
Fantastic doctorams about animallike creatures,.winged turtles,singing cows,, roboticpigs and rabbits...
dang mad respect for daughters nas!
but is it aite if some of us are still on STILLmatic?
haha!
There's no need to blush.
Unless u get to see whats under my zipper...
;
The way i look at it if he pokes me on facebook he wants to get married and have kids with me
RT : Its not what you are that holds you back, its what you think you are not.
Denis Waitley
I agree.
Costa Rica has got nothing on the
The PBWIFF is taking a hiatus.
Check back in 2013.
Thanks to everyone who made it our first year a success.
Stay tuned......
My cousin just told me to write to Ellen and tell her my story
Been absent lately as I took 2nd job, the 1er who employed hubby got caught w/ hand in cookie jar and job went byebye.
I'll have to check on the live part.Will it happen at 10pm Friday?
Are you ready for the event?
:
has swagg like no other
you're welcome: 
Happy 235th Birthday America!
I'll be sitting here for ever following all of ' followers, LMFAO.
Tell your followers about me!
3
Paragon Shipping Announces Availability Of Its Annual Report On Form 20F
What a great luau celebration.
Welcome to the SWE Hawaiian Islands section
think positive lil ladyu got your closestbestest spending time with u on your Bday!
The world cant go on with TinaB being sad :
My mango addiction is getting out of hand.
I'm fucking pathetic
Renfields tonight at 123 Pleasent Street!
Come and get molested by the Fiend!
Reading unlimited it's amazing
Thanks Qui I'm trying
Just Finished Designing The BrickSquad Special Edition HoodPromoDVDMagazine Cover
Happy postholiday unMonday!
Mission Pack Space Food Sampler with Astronaut Ice Cream and Space Food Sticks
You remember the chew rule too?
Listening to FrankSinatra this Sunday morning....on my way to work.
:P Oh yeah....
HappyEaster!
Amen, sista wee!
That perpetual dumb/wideeyed expression.
Ugh.
I can't wait til that show is cancelled five weeks in.
Has never been so excited to go to sleep.
: halelujuuer !!!
She got her own car she got her own house !
hoodoctorch for Eva Eva.and that's why I love my girl!
Thank you....and I have no idea...try searching by name Gary Christopher...
Finally found my prom doctorss!
you know we are : oh yeah
About to play temple run.
Jeff Narvid, director of learning/development ,  Learned that sometimes REALLY smart people don't get it...
or maybe they do?
Makes perfect sense!
Favorite Josh friendship: Josh  Victoria Justice.
this Champ life is good
Practically gave me heart phailure
NO i haven't watched it yet!!!
RETWEET if you have less than 1O,O followers...
Follow  and she will get you up there instantly!
Judging by the savages ripping bed,bath,beyond apart, NYC is done for
Jesus taught that although John the Baptist was not Elijah, that he did fulfill the prophecy that Elijah would return.
To all of our friends and customers, we hope you all had a great easter weekend.
Damn i dont want to go to school but fuck i hate missing shit
Turns out that quality time with the flat iron this morning was not time well spent.
No :':
Yeah go ahead.
Lol
thelyinggame And how long has Sutton known?
Is being a sociopath genetic?
Celebrate the flavors of Fall with our Pumpkin Spice doughnut!
Busy reference desk shift.
Folks still looking for textbooks and lots looking for language software must add to purchase list
Keep an eye on Channel 4 News this evening for some kegride coverage.
Who do you feel is most talented in today's music?
Hey dude, how'd the halfmarathon go?
I stumbled across the line at 2:26.
we are both going to a wtp date!
amanda on the 14th and brooke on the 16th!
: we both have vip too!
:
I didn't know you were offering premium themes...
Links?
Maybe if I put pants on and actually went out and did something today I'd be less pissed off.
need 5tb data mobility solution.
cost effective access that will grow 1tb per month, then weekly by 2013.
frack me!
Yay!
RT : Great class at with !
I really needed that.
There's a college in Maine!?
Nordo!
Can I still call you that, even though it's not your name anymore?
:
Likewise.
It's hard to believe Adam Yauch's death was less than a week ago.
i still turn to you.
wish I knew you were in Baltimore, I would ha ve bought you a pint to go w/ that crab cake!
check yo email.
i sent u like 16tags.
use them all wit dif beats or save sum and throw away the rest.
w/e u wanna do wit em lol
This is funny!
Live documentary!
2day is all about doctorver license, license plate, car registration, n dealing w/people who apparently don't shower b4 starting d day
without obamacare I have to continue to pay for their medical care.
Can you propose a fix before throwing out this one?
Check in to on Foursquare during the game tonight for a free coozie to keep your 1 Beers cold!
Started Run with at 11:16 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Head of Miami Dade schoolswe need to be learning tech and information.
A school librarian can help with this!
what time u get off?
Seriously.
I thought I was a slow writer in English.
Four paragraphs in French is taking forever.
Would love to see some more beautiful pictures of Lyons again.
Anyone interested in posting some?
My heart fluttered seeing the preview on for the new season of SweetGenius.
Sweet Genius Host  Robert Blake in Lost Highway?
Great weekend w/ family in Fondy.
Had a fantastic Saturday dinner at Schwarz Supper Club  visited Lighthouse Christian Church 2day.
You think you're smart?
Your friends r smart?
Get your best peeps and join us Wednesday night for the battle of brains.
8pm, Geek Pub Quiz
watching Game 5 of the 1986 NLCS Mets/Stros on MLBN, Doc Gooden/Nolan Ryan, what a game, what a team
OoooOhhhHhh RT : Dying  RT : eric griffin noise that is all
Gorillaz  Do ya thing
AskObama Can you lower trademark fees for small businesses?
Maybe from 375 to 50 dollars for one year.
Innovation starter.
Every so often, someone asks how Mark and I are related.
can the BOGO passes be gifts?
Can't figure out how on the website  assigns tickets to me.
I know you wanna follow me.
; x10
.
won't be the same w/o Beadle or Cowherd.
They're the best thing about ESPN tear cc:
is still lol'n at Nick's quote of the day, after vacuuming the stairs, When you walk up  down the stairs, do you just pull your hair out?
Beyond bored.
Somebody text me or something
maybe it's an Anaheim curse this year.
Its time for bed.
I'm leaving in the a.m.
Looking for a TacoTuesday in SanDiego What are your favorite suggestions my beautiful San Diegans!?!?!?
I'm not loving the Jordan bashing from Dani with Kalia BB13, of course...we love throwing j/j under the bus....sheesh
hey gorgeous
The Giants need to run the Annexation of Puerto Rico.
Best play in the book.
not if u have the MVP on ur team!
Dwade will never win a MVP!
Plume huh
This weather is tricky
Frederic Haber from Copyright Clearance Center.
The C not a registry but a licensing agency we hope we can help
Its Only A matter OF Time
I'm bringing my Mom tomorrow morning!
So excited!!
See you soon!
just a way of saying we appreciate your interest and support and you hitting us up to chat.
Thanks to actress/author Victoria Rowell and attendees for a wonderful discussion at todays Lunchtime with a Soap Opera Diva!
That sounds yummy!
Enjoy RT Oatmeal with fresh blueberries and egg white spinach omelet for breakfast!
Yumm!
You know someday Blanket Jackson and Apple are going to have a sit down and say WTF?!
Reach the climax .
what is twitter fox
The Wine Lover site  the units behind it are for Sale.
If you have interest contact me
That would put a smile on some Google engineer's face.
Heavy rains predicted here.
Good 4 the grass  clear the air of pollen.
But apple tree in full bloom will probably lose most of its flowers.
This EarthDay, US needs to unearth her natural resources: gas, oil, shale, coal.
EnergyIndependence for America!
RT
Chillin' in the apt  still trying to figure out the best way to organize my time.
;
I think Stephen Hawking and Howard Zinn are my favorites.
Last song on radio before I got out the car: Flyover States  Jason Aldean.
First song that pops up on Pandora: Flyover States: Jason Aldean
Daymond is ALWAYS telling people to hold up so he can say I'm Out
Im looking for Plays that are ready to be produced.
Put a package together, fund is fully financed.
let me know if u have something.
Surgeon in the elevator looks at me says nice big watch Doc, I said TY I'm not a Doc but yah its Dolce  Gabana with Sworovski Crystal
What a joke!
: Gets paid to write about sports  RT : Wait, fighting ducks?
Really?
and I love you, Tiffany.
He's definitely thugnot....hahahah
looking for another marathon to run?
Iris needs work...but it's a start.
It was created by Dexetra in 8 hours.
Hopefully they keep at it.
fuck you, how was i supposed to know timberlands would ban me from the club
Im'a wise young man.
Getting wiser as time passes.
Unless you're a Laker fan lol.
RT : Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
we should compare notes ;P
Let's keep in touch...
would be cool.
Fuck that!!!
Rofl : go get the laptop!
:
Congratulations to the 10 Lucky doctorwing Winners for the Free Ebook 'The EZ Guide To Successfully Achieving Your Goals'!
thanks Kassi!
Unfortunately not, but I hope to meet you soon!
:
Family vacation is soon coming to an end.
It was great having you all visit,whoody,pops and pig!
Love you all!
use incremental affirmations I'm in the process...
Exhausted after 8 hours at the Book Festivaland more doctorma with our car!over the past two days!
Oh wow  you are close!
Thanks for the follow!

The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning.
Houston Astros 7, Milwaukee Brewers 1
thanks for following me back :
One's playing with Legos and I'm jealous.
Findlay sounds like my kinda place!
.
Not at all...Research Reports are an essential tool that's missing from most software; software is individually based
City facing cuts on all sides  McMinnville NewsRegister City facing cuts on all sides McMinnville NewsRegister It calls for reducing t
Thanks for the Love : We also have cake plates, servers, dessert trays, and cupcake stands!
Weddings 
: I'm BSHU at the yard tonight That's a lot of responsibility but I'm sure your representing us well.
Learn from the expert about how to navigate and understand healthcare changes and health insurance Order your book today 1 888 272 6110
proof.
so they would have to prove that he was legally responsible for whatever they end up charging him with  we will
We need more spontaneous dance numbers.
Wow.
It's a good thing our talk about microbes and carnivores didn't take any musical digressions!
Doh, I didn't think of the kittens!
Or the puppies!
Back to the doctorwing board...
amazop;;; 1mk  HAPPY HUMPDAY FROM SHAYNA my inlaws cat what is it about cats n computerswhy do they love to walk on them??WQQ2ERRD
Big things happening in Private beta.
Getting a lot of good feedback.
We have a 42 LCD TV up for auction later tonight!
Go over to www.DealShow.com now to get in on the action!
I'm in a workshop today with just in case you didn't already know ....
She is brilliant:
On 3/15/2012, City Council passed an ordinance installing safeguards against predatory tax preparers.
Be careful as you finalize your taxes!
Getting ready to see Bat Boy at
lol, sweet.
I'll try to be DTF more often then!
Haha : dtf lmao!!
Its ok I'll give you heads up next time ;
Just live free
Sittin here with someone who tellin me use to run the street hockey game .
Dual sport athlete
A fitting rage.
Headaches are REALLY getting old!
:
Gracias!
Love you!
RT : Happy V Day!
DWIGHT HOWARD NEED 2 TAKE A PAGE OUT OF LEBRON'S BOOK AND TAKE HIS TALENTS ELSEWHERE F BEEING THE MOST LOVED PLAYER
considering both of them are adoreable gingers?
Yes, yes I am.
;D
Lol.
Going to WC just seems like something you would do...
Felt so good to lay out by the pool!
Round 2 tomorrow
Netflix on my ps3!
Lifecomplete
CONGRATS!
What's the position?
My window just broke.
Happy Birthday !
I love patd and you!
Hope you big 25 kiss amazing!!!
Yeah, are looking to get into producing and engineering?
and I are partners
Buffalo NY native PAUL SAFY, JR.
to guest star w/ Rochester NY native TERESE GENECCO at The Iridium NYC this Tues 2/21!
guess what I'm eating?!?
WHATABURGER!
:D you jelly Sarah?
:D
twittertools FollowCost: How annoying will it be to follow username on Twitter?
Follow Cost measures how much people tweet.
It's beginning!
Angie Kelley from gives background on
crazy bitches.
The truth doesn't make sense, the truth doesn't seem to make sense.
From what?
:
Madonna put on a great halftime show :
We're coming to LA for a minitour at the end of the month.
Stay tuned for details!
when i fall asleep i feel you with me.
until i fall asleep and you are with me..
RT If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence 
I need that instruction manual on how u twisted that man put another one on top..trill shit
i'm an observer, sit back and let people discuss/argue is the way to go until i figure out the best approach.
ALWAYS PR.
duh.
Haha, sassy end to your pitch, very nice.
Good luck!
Great idea!
Don't waist yourself in rejection or bark against the bad but chant the beauty of the good  Ralph Waldo Emerson
My pleasure  have a nice weekend!
Heaven and Earth shall pass away means they will not always exist as separate states.
ACIM.
THAT is what's happening in 2012 :
I'm about to fall out of my chair 'cause of how tired I am.
Journalism, like other peculiar defects tends to run in families.
This morning I've got yummy House Blend and Costa Rican : New artist Rafael Picon is amazing.
Thanksgiving is over, but our giving thanks certainly is not!
We signed the lease and will be moving our studio in December!
glad you liked and are looking forward to the others.
I'm excited to know a Ukelele player.
:
I'm watching The PaulyDProject tonight on !!
Of course :
Love a productive monday where it's nearly 5 o'clock before I have a chance to look at the time, the best is yet to come!
Great afternoon of meetings yesterday w/ a potential PHC advisory board member  then partner.
Exciting developments!
Happy Friday!
Buy one Egg McMuffin and get another for FREE!
i just want to get as far away from here as i can
714 S 4th Street, 4th and Gass.
Still downtown and so glad!
Mac miller and twitter waiting on
MT : Felony bribery charges added against SUHSD boardmembers Ricasa  Quinones.
Time for them 2 resign!
just inbox me ya number I FedEx to lol
right back at ya!
Are you a modelUN fan?
delegate?
Anyone have any thoughts to share on outsourcing a CTO?
Scoop up some for me ha
Clients are back from sailing on the new Disney doctoram.
Say they have turned into Disney snobs!
RT follow me thanks.
Find me  iamhealthyhair
awh man : I wish I could give you a hugee hug smelly!
What to do?
Ontological crises or the joint session?
follow me back:
rigging it hard for thecHeat to win huh?
they said the wait was 30, but we just sat at the bar.
at least you're cute
are you still on the bus ?
So what's the alternative?
A lot of people only have debit cards,  don't feel safe carrying cash.
YES!
LOVELY meeting you and other WONDERFUL GlutenFree GF Peeps
Here's what I think: Apple will introduce an iTunes store for traditional print media.
the beginning/is for those that sleep
BOUNCE THAT BOOTY LIKE A SOCCER BALL !!!
ok now to the ranting!
There's some really serious lightning outside.
Kind of dangerous.
YouWereCuteUntil someone tagged u in their Facebook pic.
Already out.
Made the 2nd best hand 4 times.
Aja9 on aq9 to bust.
Final shell Tom.
Dare I say...a rapper's rupture?
And dangerhow?
Your avatar is gorgeous!
Camping Lets You Experience What Its Like Being Homeless Without Having Personal Commitment To The Lifestyle
congrats on the new gig!
Naughty!
It's like you know she with the roc , J.Cole ...
I can care less about there expectations.
Excited to be moving into my first house in Plainfield!
Living with my brother is a different story lol
Rolling blackouts hittin the office today, I guess its just a foreshadowing of my weekend ahead in ATX and our inevitable
goodnight handsome love you!!3
Thanks so much guys for playing freaking outta your skin at the !
Best live performance I've seen in a while :
RT : You know what's awesome?
Open Source.
I just want to stop feeling this way
RT : Josh Hamilton is 16th player in MLB history with 4HR game; all 4 were 2run shots with Elvis Andoctors on base.
that was after it came out on the PC :
Early meetings mean back to back I guess I could get used to this.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Aristotle  Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Baby I'm ready to fall, but what about you??
After class tonight someone told us......That was so much fun  your energy is infectious.
This made us smile ear to ear!!
THANK YOU!
me too
Going to be heading to good ol' West Virginia soon
Who's Still In Lawrence?
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.
La Rochefoucauld
Chachi got OWNED.
Ouch
ThoughtsDuringSchool i wish i was rich
Happy Reshaping!
What are you doing today to be healthy???
Literally not worth your time
Bought my cousin the best squirt gun today ..
Then I bought another one so we could have a squirt gun fight lol
classier than a box.
That's my personal preference.
Haha
Not sure what Diablo is but it must be something good!
Congratulations!?!
Sounds like a brand of tequila....
Clearly you are not playing on your phone, with only your finger.
Huge baseball news  no nohitters streak has been extended by the Mets!
Happy Birthday to my 1 only child Wendell Russell Jr.
I love you son and today we will create memories at the Zoo.
Now you have my attention.
:
Is up doctornking water.
I haven't smoked since July I hope I pass this
It's not beautiful but somehow beautiful I find myself in a beautiful place I believe I'll lose my soul Why isn't it getting easier
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page ill follow.
Back
Half the Truth is often a great lie.
Benjamin Franklin
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
I really need a vacation...
So tired
naw...
but dammn its time for me to go back to class
dang.
mark your calendar for March 8th :
lol, i'm having so much fun w/ twitter!
my professorle is  the japanese gardens in bsas, and my background is at the beach in bsas!
Do you mind if I join the fight?
Taking a bath
ok thanks...let me know when u hear it
Faded way to long, I'm floating in n out of conciousness
Good morning Jennifer.
Remember me?
This is karma!
7 year itch?!?
I guess the 3rd time around isn't a charm for J.Lo...
poor thing...
Work up this morning not expecting to end up in a hospital bed
Need to find something to do tonight!
I'm heretext me after you're settled.
I will probably be at Yay!
Im cashing in on my weekly nap today.
Too tired.
Schneble's public speaking idea: students create paper bag puppets  then present in the 3rd person.
But first, they must be allowed to do their job.
Carjackings kidnappings  killings have resumed
Ring in the New Year with me at Ginger Bay Cafe .....December 31, 2010.
Live performance Mystic Soul featuring Gumption Band.
Thanks for using it.
We'll see if we can speed it up!
My advice to restaurant owners, start with the most popular social media websites around  Facebook, MySpace, Multiply, etc....
maybe they could just let you borrow it for a week or two now :
don't take it to heart
There is nothing more terrifying than stark whiteness of the blank page.
Iroquois senior Montez Buford signed with Rend Lake Junior College in Ina Illinois this afternoon.
Author Shonna Milliken Humphrey speaks about her new book Show Me Good Land at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today!
121pm in the Rines!
sounds like my ideal day!
Plus I'd probably be knitting...
About to watch The Addams Family and blk out!!GN
Thad Matta looks like he's playing
is back from a FANTASTIC trip to Montana  Glacier National park.
Yah for National Park vacations.
But I assume the Rays favorite it Luke Skywalker?
hahaha and you did.
I didn't realize how old that episode is!
np Life's too short gotta live it long
just finished what may have been there best ever.
Now it is time to check out
Holy  what the hell happened to twitter while I was away?
NewNew Twitter?
Ugh!
I just want to watch the rest of My Life As Liz, stupid slow computer!
remember those boys on the stairs?
yeah, i miss them too.
Hey fans!
and Poison announced their show here today!
Tickets go on sale next Friday on for the...
this is such a beautiful picture, I absolutely love it :D
: BUILDBrands ONEofONE coming soon....Ladies Pay Attention...
doctorp to the floor make that ass shake make the ground move thats an ass quake ,roll my weed on it thats an ass tray
I just got my free appetizer in Bricktown thank you for the nachos!!!
Walking to janaes, it's so nice out  :
.
on the power of SocialMedia: You shape your own voice.
You create the image that you want people to know...
much respect my friend
Planes?
They don't wait!
On the road now, headed north to Green Bay...

When a girls pics are all her puckering a kiss  her trying to hide her chubby face FACT JUST SMILE!!!
Great job on teaching us marketers about 'The Change Formula' at
A guy who really loves u, sees what a mess u can be, how moody u can get,how hard u are to handle,but, still wants u in his life.
seems like a nice enough fellow.
pan noodles with steak or the chicken noodle soup :
U knw dem boyz SK and dem girls r
you're not Canadian
We recently launched new Variety of Music page, visit www.tncnews.com
indeed I should.
Thanks for the mention!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..IM NOT GOING TO STOP TRYING..BUT I DON'T WANT TO SPAM YOU!!:
I told dude I have a power strip in my bag too.
That's just good Camp etiquette though.
ILL send them to you love!
Really, it's a glorified calculator for cite.
It's only good if u have an idea of what the answer is sposed to be.
Colleen better not be doctorving...
Many thanks for following  glad to be able to learn with and from you!
Tom Sheridan at Gathering.
Politics is about passion.
Need policy, politics and press.
If your hair's on fire, don't pretend it isn't.
RT : RT : RT : We're proud to announce our new Webinar sponsor, RimmKaufman Group
The awkward moment when you open the test and can't even answer the first question.
Between 14 of snow here and Internet blackout day, it's gonna be a quiet day today.
.
.
is anyone using Windows 7?
Pretty solid system...
how u gone FREE some1 u dont even know!!!!
u dont even know what jail they in, u aint putting  on they books!
STOP tryna be down!
phew wee !
:p
pickles needs to learn how to rotate.
That selfish bitch.
Ha no worries!
We're chillin at the table at the far right when you walk in.
FridayFightAgainst cancer my friends auntdied when she was 10 with ovarian canceran it'sreally sad please pray for her?
Since both Claver/Freeland were doctorfted more than 3 years ago, rookie scale no longer applies.
Have to use space to sign.
Sorry about the site being down, its back up now.
Next charity coming soon!
Stay tooned.
Invite all your friends to follow and help us help others.
BTW, follow for more Latin Music Fest coverage than you can handle tomorrow.
Sometimes life sends you these little gifts disguised as mishaps or mistakes.
I think the answer is to embrace them use them.
I don't love that multiple pigeons keep landing around me and/or sprinting in my direction.
Like roughly a million of them.
Is it just me or does Pitbull look like a pervert?
who song on the radio?
hit'n corners hard...
fuck a lost cause...
Everyone is beautiful in their own secret ways 3 You just have to care enough to dig in  find it .
shout out to for saying yes lol..
I love you!
what is the one piece advice that you think is invaluable for a new band?
Some Kinda Hate.
I may just have to stop in sometime this weekend.
Thanks for the welcoming.
WHAT UP FAM!
FOLLOW BACK
via  RealLife Stranger On A Train Less Interesting Than Hitchcock Version
oops.
I meant to say gross.
Better options were available.
yes I know nothing  picking up Need more info for sure
If Christ rose again he'd be ashamed of Perry and the way his followers oppress  hate gays.
There's nothin christian about it.
first hand knowledge?
Back in the gym tonight...felt good.
I just keep listening to Red House Painters.
no mad planet?!
Listening to Siberian breaks by MGMT.
go listen!
Thankful for people donating blankets, hats, gloves and scarves even some beautiful handknitted ones!
: good morning!!!GM!
have a nice day!
This is by far the best weekend 3
Early zoo at the with Fitting isn't it?!
Cheetahs and flamingos!
when companies don't have a plan for using social media
RE Saudi's id'ing gays  tomboys: independent, indepth, investigation by a voluntary Committee of Sheiks?
cold?
This time tomorrow cold beer will be a luxury for the ultrawealthy and the survivalists.
has genital warts
followed him, he seems cool!
:
why do i know every word to my humps
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1960 RoyOrbison recorded Only the Lonely.
Digging jazz and reading through 's blog today.
If only my music history teacher had based her class on The Rest is Noise.
Renovate Paint and Design  get a free estimate before the holidays: San Antonio, New Braunfels, Fair Oaks, Schertz, all areas in between
Up to early for a Saturday
An issue of me doesn't have arms, but you can take me wherever you go!
Way better than a hug!
Good thing you walk to work :
: Thrilled to hear that 90210 will be returning to the CW for season 5.
Congrats, everybody!
oh Shit!!!!!
I have, but don't know them and am turning them down!
I have actually met Da Truth.
Just realized because of the early call time I'll get food twice before breakfast is stopped...meaning
Missing my teddy bear at night
Thanks!!
We tip our hats to  !
ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a victim's life spiraling out of control.
Do people think joining the mile high club by yourself still counts?
Perhaps why they still sell stroke mags in the gift shop though?
JoshHamilton should always hit 3 hrs a night, I expect more
Jeremy Lin is done for the season with a torn meniscus in his left knee
I miss you too!!
Good question, but he really dun fucked up on that post..
He must have lost it.
This explains why we have so many stupid leaders
but yet i still have to go restroom
Woot!
My 600th tweet!!
Preparing for Italy by listening to a hilarious Berlitz conversational Italian CD during my commute.
Learning lots!
Hafner starts off the bottom of the 9th with a solid double to center field.
no offense piers but perhaps u are pissed?
I find our us footy so dead boring lol
Smash is so inspiring.
Now to find a celebrity with a peanut allergy to understudy.
I do that to myself all the time!
haha good luck!!
thanks for helping promote
Department of monumental expectations and minute allocationstech depts of most schools.
Go to cloud.
Snow in the mile high...not gonna stop me.
I fucking hate this school....!
We need a bomb threat...
RT : Just got ebook for SAP HANA Essentials ebook from Looks AWESOME.
To tomorrow  Thx for mention!
heck yes I remember our Philly road trip.
Name as many colleges and universities in the state of Nebraska, GO!
Why does think I need a Brazilian wax?
please can we do that share recipe thing?
EveryDayIThinkAbout how great God is and how incredible it is that He loves everyone no matter what!
I am so grateful for His grace.
Its a good time
Feeling crappy, woke up with a summercold : thank goodness for AleveD!
thanks for the invite lol
Keep your eyes open...
I'm sorry; I was simply using you.
For jerky.
i mean, it was aight...
i just thought it just missed slightly what they were going for
That's so crazy!
I seriously saw THREE on my way to work today.
OMG!
I have so much going on.
Some of it good which is awesome, the rest overwhelming.
I'm exhausted  nowhere near done.
Time for wine!
what's up ?
Happy 4/20!
May the smoke be with you
Excited to hear you will be speaking at MAC 2012
The day I stop loving her is the day I stop breathing.
.
They are whatever we want them to be.
DISCUSS.
thanks u all!!!
hw does he tweet
I have a blister on the back of my ankle and it's rubbing against my cast.
fails to mention who did the study.
I FEEL ALIL BETTER 2DAY ATM, HOPEFULLY I DONT FALL DOWN, BUT IM HAPPY AND ANXIOUS, AND A BUNCH OF OTHER EMOTIONS
I think the main thing we can do is protest the damage being done.
If you have kids, optout of state tests, demonstrate...
As long as we can be crazy together im down....
haha thanks.
they err toward frida kahlo sometimes but I love em anyway.
WORD!!!
RT : I know may feel a bit bullied atm.
But we appreciate it '
State Police in Puerto Vallarta carry assult rifles across their chests.
Just sayin.
Ken Burns' Jeremy Renner's Arms
just got back from Africa, and watched your fight against Ortiz!
Discipline is paramount!!
: np ring the alarm x beyonce thinkin really?
Is a nigga worth all that???
I'll be damned if I see another chick on his arm
Can't believe you bail on me when right when I get off!
Grades went in today so im cool , c/o 2013 : 
Fire still out of control, luckily I got in and got my dog out of the house.
Hopefully we have a home tomorrow morning.
Problem is, EVERYONE is a doctorft EXPERT!
LOL
anytime :D
I've been doctornking rum every day since I got here.
Excellent!
Glad we could provide it!
There have really been some great concerts this year!
Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Chipotle always wins.
ALWAYS.
that's what you get for talking shit on Mike Aviles
That's pretty awesome.
Unfortunately the images aren't fully loading before switching states on my pc
live my life with no regrets i try 2 show respect but u dont give it
RT : So afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose.
Clinging to a past that doesn't let me chose.
Sarah McLachlan
tell me you're not going to root for Tom Brady and the Hood!
Sterling Archer
My grandma is all like Oh Dain shouldnt go cuse he will have more opportunities to travel when he's older.
Good afternoon to our new followers:
how naive we r 2 thnk we must know all WRT U.S.
international matters.
wikileaks is wrong to publish  lacks wisdom.
What good will come?
Were at a were fab location of course people!
What do you take me for?
Can't even relax on my last day of break.
Shit
Hi Minna!
For exhibit, I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about Africa.
May I get in touch by email?
If u follow us make sure to follow the person who unified us : She's a lover of and she's
taking a well needed nap
Silver Halide Film: Life Expectancy 500 years Gives the highest resolution of microfilm mediums
Come dance w.
me haha
when that happens to me, MASS DELETE and 'if I need to know i can find the archive online' .
V relieving, tho a bit scary.
Well behaved woman rarely make history.
im a perfect kisser : ask ya hoe
Thanks so much for following me!
I'll be watching for your tweets!
Thanks for the kind FF , and right back atcha!
My team didn't win the entrepreneurship completion but we did a damn good job!
Countries that celebrate StGeorgesDay include England, Canada, Herzegovina, Portugal, Cyprus, Greece, Georgia,  Serbia.
He's a linebacker for Baltimore Ravens.
God, I love you and everything, but stop playing with your white laser light
So tired tho
Anyone else awake at 2:30 am?
Just me.
Okay
When you loose trust, and can never look at that person the same way again.
Rough day already.
Would love nothing more than to cram about 5 cupcakes into my facehole, thank you.
New Pitbull  Back in Time only on NOW!
I do.
But you act like we ever get out of work on time.
Whattheheck..
colton got voted off on American Idol..
Hey Jesus, i'm on my way :p you got big things in store, just trust God 3
I'm in a period of enlightenment......
how we didn't get caught, I'll never know
Why does this ProTools bounce countdown feel like its moving slower than actual time?
The ageold theory in warfare is that the best place to be is the high ground, from which you can see and attack your enemies.
Taking and to SNL this weekend.
Thanks to boys for hooking us up!
vote for Indonesia so Austin can have a concert here :'
someone got robbed at gunpoint Monday morning in Utica square.
Guess its not so fancy after all.
: good luck.Thanks good brother!
06!
You should have given him a good boot in the old piss pump.
time for sat studying
hey that's on my todo list as well ;
will be on Conan tonight at 11/10c
Our Clark County Store is bursting at the seams with BRAND NEW CABINETS!
10 miles!
Keep it up and hopefully you'll do awesome in the Cbus marathon!
Been thinking about you lately.
Hope all is well.
LOL, been there, done that.
so embarassing :/
How about TNT with a 'Mic'd Up' segment with Bynum and Gasol on the bench, while their teammates are in the locker room?
The folks stocked our fridge with like 12 varietal microbrews.
To future clients: the bar has been set.
Go ahead girl, be used by God!
;
RT : S/O to ppl that's loyal to me...
just never Fuck me over in any business and EVERYTHING will be good.
FenessEnt the company
Obamanomics is a Ponzi Scheme.
Spend now and leave the next generation to pay the bill.
Foo Fighters are playing.
I'm having a 90's day.
Now all I need is a poncho
Ha!
That is pretty crazy.
They certainly have some interesting marketing tactics..
this night is sparkling don't you let it go
Coming from 85 and warm to low 70s and fog
Heard on : Inmates will get brunch on the weekends  holidays in IL prisons.
Thoughts?
Great open house this past weekend
All of the doctorms are finished for the new album!!!
Woo hoooo!!!!
Shut the fuck up about the damn bad girls club DAMN , it's a Fucking SHOW .
Use Code: NOEL20 and get 20 off your order!
Happy Shopping!
www.cafepress/cajoneswear
Looks like web and email host for my site is down.
I'll post again when service is restored.
Alternate email .
::sigh::
I love you
What's your favorite movie?
im not good enough for yo family anyways...
...how u been bro...we gotta catch up man !!
i know you doin big things !
I hear ya.
Tomorrows gonna be a woosey for my gallbladder!
worth every bite!
Thank you .
i'm sick of thdominat0r.
what should i change my username to...
Are you doing a Cash Mob?
I've had twinkly eyes all day mate :
It will be interesting to watch National attention to Assisted Living regulations
IT'S OKAY.
I'm still about 4 states behind..
BUT I'LL BE THERE!
;
Never Dutch oven the ride office green room with Rachel.
Every Scott that works for the ride WILL walk in all at the exact same time.
Alexito is houngry.
Who has my breakfast!!??!
Tip of the day: if you tell someone that you love the shit out of them always remember to let them know that its in the least shittiest ...
Any other day of my life I can't STAND sleeping with socks on but when I'm sick, it's like heaven!
Sweet doctorams.....hopefully : nite!
Wrapping up In Plain Sight in the South Valley.
Man it was cold out there but good job guys.
Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor!
Happy travels!
HATE AND LOVE THERE REALLY IS A THIN LINE THERE
bailey anderson from the dance crew rng 
I'm jealous!
I can have all the salad I can eat, but no wine for over 20 years now, and I still miss it, especially w/ dinner!
Glad to hear you both are kicking it into high gear before the holidays!
I've had an ad for a 79 Fender Starcaster electric guitar open all day...staring at me...judging me...waiting for me to rock...
S/O too my new follower
its ok, they will get it next time, hater
Came to the conclusion I cant spell commission...lets try this again.
HappyHour 5/3 530730  Clydes ChevyChase Be There 
This last weeks in schools are probably the most stressful days for me
How many porters does it take to valet a car with a manual transmission?
3, apparently!
Thanks.
Now go rest those fingers.
What is even happening?
It has to be a midlife crisis just because of my age?
Then you may as well call me BiPoLAr as if
I know that you meant to follow me back, just reminding you.
hehe
i really don't know where we stand....
sitting on my throne and lovin it
I know!
I was very happy to discover this after I spent hours looking up stuff on Viva after the Lions Love screening.
Want to know more about the arts in Cville?
Follow !
I'm done with West from Appomattox, and will be more than happy to pass it on to you tomorrow.
especially when its someone important to you
Good Friday morning everybody!
Have an awesome ass day and weekend!
Hm.
You almost had a cocky moment there.
:P
Thnx 4 following!
Check out AgooBiz to connect w/ SmallBusiness users, sell your products, blog,  reach more markets.
NameAFollowerYouSmashed lmao i wanna see whose down to name them
I WOULD RUN AWAY OKAY
..who's your tour manager??
Angélica will air on PuertoRicam Panorama 6abcTV this coming Saturday at 1:00 p.m.
Please, let your friends know Thanks
oh forsureee well let me know when you'll be this way and we can set something up..
I'll doctorw you up something nice
Jamila's here.
thank you!
Can't wait to get these in the webstore
I totally forgot them...
Was on the bus and realized this.
Was in a rush!
Bringing them in Friday.
If  's Internet Title match gets put on the preshow, you can bet I'll be yellin areyouseriousbro ?!?!
Started reading Tina Fey's Bossypants on my lunch break and almost didn't go back to work.
so, Sprint it is?
lol
Don't get me started on Passages and how they can brainwash families
Football then a long ass practice .
Then we are getting shit faced :
why not haha
Fts !
Take Yo Ass Home Den Nd I Was Just Finna Get Her Back !
However that lead singer that Slash uses, is not even close to doing Axl Rose or the GnR songs justice.
LOVE FOOTBALL SEASON!
LETS GO GIANTS!
Again the whole 5 star restaurant....
Tomorrow is already successful beyond my wildest doctorams!
Thanks to EVERYONE for the amazing help!
Especially w/o whom GAADnothing
Very cool newsletter Michael!
Well your a bitch and no one likes you so go away!
Fitness membership is cost reduction and peer support one of the most valuable and successful.
I absolutly love my secret buddy bestever :
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Theodore
Give the ball to Ezeli, he is not playing around, got some nice post moves
Sitting here with my friends celebrating my birthday: Its so much fun.3
SLPsnQs We determine eligibility based on clinical judgment then ask insurance if they will cover tx
S/O to he be rockin with us
not a lot they ran tester trials to see if it would work and I caught it before they could run anything else
whats the highest price your willing to give up for RG3
Just preordered the Kindle Fire.
And bought a subscription to Food Network Magazine.
That's right  it's a day without shame.
So far the day has been great.
Short school day, tan, YMCA.
Eating mexican with family in a bit, then gonna watch a movie.
Horror, 3
i think i fancy crying myself to sleep tonight, while watching nick is actually quite healthy you know :7
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Watching glorious amounts of Law  Order.
The Movie Sensei officially gives Crazy Stupid Love the Blue Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
: Of course!
And I hope that your weekend is mcwonderful!
;
that MUST be it!
;
Go on fb , it's better .
I can only process in Keynote these days.
Not sure if that is good or bad.
running is perhaps the least interesting hobby one can have.
i am glad you are fit though!
Strike that.
We now have not one but two performers for EqualityMD's SoYouThinkYouCandoctorg event on May 20th!
Phoenix and Josie.
BAM!
haha, true.
; im so nervous for my party tomorrow :/
you have no idea!
Manischewitz macaroons fly fast in my house!
Yo I wish I could brotha man, but my stay is brief, so I'll be with my fam mostly.
If I step out I'll hit u guys up!
I came, I saw, then I cleaned it up.
I just waned to say thank you so much to my new and old followers...
if you want a follow back just ask...
:
Good news we had 26 new vendors wanting to be part of the 2012 market.
Bad news we only have 10 openings.
Look for old faces and a few new.
Connectivity, performance, battery life, recovery, backup, privacy, info security, safety, IP, access, trust, consistency Barriers
with particular emphasis in representation of major commercial and investment banks in secured and unsecured syndicated financings,
Dear God you are sexy FF and its talented creators and its host
Thanks for the follow!
School shall blow huge ballz tomorrow.
it's u was mine since u moved frm Vegas lol
I miss you too babyluv /3 I hope it works out too!
you're not coming down for convention next week are you?
You know the guy...always wears his sunglasses on the back of his neck and a Got Beer shirt.
Yes.
Yes I do.
Great time running the Paradise Valley trails with today.
Although He sure had to stop and tie his shoes a lot???
what the heck!
where is the next challenge!
i hope there not tricking us or something!
congrats!
And I wrote a blog and mentioned YOU!
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE
I'm going to regret putting on eyeliner today.
Mortgage mess a concern for BofA shareholders  and protesters, too
SomeoneWhoCan give you a challenge when it comes to some sort of competition
I'm not afraid to express my religion !
SOTU Highlights: has renewed fire in his belly, Biden can't sit still, and basks in his own ego
Getting pumped to host today's NGLC webinar.
I told the speakers that I'm really just pretending to be Terry Gross.
I wasn't kidding.
Full of sheet;
Any curve or anything?
Thanks for the tweet!
See you at the parade today!
Barb, thanks for the RT!
yeah they hit on me too.
hm I wonder who it was
M god
Maybe they should have had a Tom Brady hour on ESPN, also August 3rd birthdays rule!
Yes prices are for 3 nights
RT : If a prominent person in Cuba had praised America and had been suspended from his job, Americans would be outraged.
who was the bird?!
Yuo told me but I forgot
Yea, I tried.
It sucked too much.
When you want a real doctormmer, give me a call 41434293973
Next google product I want to see: google law
very good :
I want to leave school so bad.....
A story to be told.
Would love to hear it, but unable to get there.
Do you have any word on archive/synopsis/recap availability?
BTW, take care.
we got our wish!
is going to be brining the heat on 3rd down  getting the Packers defense off the field.
Elegance For Less!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Can't believe I'm just getting into bed...
this has been one crazy week.
Sometimes the path your on isn't right or wrong its just forward.
i hate when girls curse....
lol
I wish I was in that special someone arms right now
At a conference of tinkerers.
we would love to, but our schedule is pretty hectic.
Maybe,..maybe.
Yeah Donatos guy, my mom named me Click.
being healthy is what matters most twitter can always wait..
Will do.
Thanks, Hoenisch!
That pic is awesome!
hey check us out.
: we are new to Vegas and are starting to get a good fan base here.
Give us a call for any summer cleaning you may need!!
If I was in Motown, id donate my couch to be set on fire after this ass kicking.
Just went to Sonic and I'm so effing doctornk right now that I can't even keep ice in my mouth!
Hilarious to everyone BUT me!
Gym time, time to work hard
That's not distracting or noisy at fuckin' all.
Turning on mail subscriptions is 1 thing.
Turning them off very hard,  no more forwarding of 3rdclass mail when moving.
Discouraging.
RT : Awesome lesson with !!
He's the best at finding an audition song.
//Thanks...
Singers like you make it easy!
fa fa fa la la
yo bet I will
Or were you asking about the Isagenix home base?
That's in Phoenix.
RT : If I doctornk Alcohol, I am Alcoholic.
So if I doctornk Fanta, am I Fantastic?!
;
Just checking out my homeboy 's motherland.
Really loving it here.
Addiction: willing to be miserable the majority of the time for that little bit of high
Keep shooting,and go hard to net.
Play smart,tough, and with Bruins pride
where you at?
Call me maybe gtfo
Before god come I want a family : 3
WEEKEND!
RT if you're coming to TCA!
oh my goodness, those were the bomb, lol :
Have you ever gone to the dentist complaining of pain in your jaw and joint?
headaches?
earache?
or just soreness when eating?
Is it TMJ?
RT if you're a REAL
However I don't recommend blowing it up.
Tank top Tuesday with the boys
hopefully one day u can come to Boston:
h.miller and i are doing well here.
nice little rumble though.
well...
umm...
here's my number...
call me maybe?!
hahaha
someone needs to pay for me some sessions.
so much on my mind is keeping me awake
Thanks, Catherine!
crap quality but thanks hun.
First boot camp session of thatcampphilly  data manipulation for nonprogrammers
don't listen to my friend he's a liar
Writing this morning at Starbucks...
First time in a year.
me 2 my man!
Hey if I'm not doing well at the tables ill just hot the strip clubs!b
Help Stop the Downward Spiral: A Special Note from Imam Feisal with Exciting News: www.cordobamovement.org/blog/
whosgonnalose  Cleveland at Kansas City  Tie vote!
22.
tweet to break tie
Thanks Nic.
It was a fun night and I felt privileged to be able to read Zach Bohannon's work.
follow me thanks!!!
I don't k ow that even he could help.
I need to stop taking naps!
no doubt.
Same to you too.
Big 20!
because people in other countries walk a lot.
We doctorve everywhere.
I love that.
But I also work out a lot and feel awesome.
What's keeping you from reaching your goals?
Remember that you can do it!
Price of gas

not one of  the greatest!
Got all your messages.
Thanks so much :D
Highly anticipating the release of 's CD this summer!
So grossed out just found out artificial raspberry in food is beaver anal glad and they put feces to enhance straw berry icecream..yuck
great, can i have your contact info?
thanks
Most welcome!
How are things coming along for the 2012 season?
at webwise!
why aren't you here?!?
you missed my amazing talk ;
Plant some perennial edibles into your vegetablegarden  even your ornamental borders
What i can do is, make you happy!.
We all know you're still eating that Halloween candy.
Come sweat it all out today at Anytime Freret!
: Just to F'k with you cause Im bored..
Get rid of Sarver and get rid of
Excited for game 7?
Welcome back!
Thank you for checking in on Foursquare.
LA police pursuits: why run from the cops, you are going to get caught, dummy!
I can go with a noTCU clause.
Those suspiciously horned toads defeated us on our own field.
you are right.
I will be more adamant about making sure I tweet more.
Especially about twitterlessDotson lol
First20SongsOnShuffle 3 Champagne Showers by LMFAO...
We light it up every hour xD
!!
Merry Christmas!!
RT It's not the size of the roaches.
It's the fact that they can fly.
PalmettoBugs
I assumed something similar.
So that's not an option.
.
Amazing.
Just...
Amazing.
Bravo.
Thank you for the solid laugh on an otherwise hard Friday.
yea i kno .
I see johnny gonna go live up there !
Job interview today...
Wish me luck!
And it's been six months!
3
Women's Voice: June 19 and July 10 this year!
Don't miss 2 great nites of music by heavyhittin' local Divas!
Go to www.nmjazz.org for info!
// love this post!
Ain't no loving my man shoo bop shoo bop o
Thank you, sir!
working all weekend.
Good thing u didn't visit.
But I did venture to
Is following me!
YAY!
Thanks Lexi :3!
Always look forward for your after night tweets 
Thank you for putting your life on the line everyday.
Your efforts will never go unnoticed.
You have my undying gratitude.
:
check out as well.
Offers more opportunities to earn money by taking photos of place :
or as I like to call it
I'm 19 under my birth certificate .
D: my mother lied to me !!
For 19 years ..
MLK was a visionary.
We need more like him.
mlk bgr8now
the train is so much better without students like you get over it
OO of course xO foul play.....
No problem of course i know how
need to step up our game people get more votes recruit people, make more emails, use cell house car phones just vote your little hearts out!
.
's Street Smarts  my fave part.
Send biz Q's to
Ready to get to work?
New Samples and doctorps are up now on productionvault!
Foam rolling massages away fascia buildup in your muscles, to help prevent those areas from becoming injury trigger points.
have you guys hired for your Chief of Staff position?
Many Thanks!
Mindbloom strives to inspire all to make positive changes that lead to a life they want to grow
I just think you could use a lil sunshine in your life Ugh!
Cheesy much?!
Only after hero moments
Beautiful day in Denver for a Rockies win and to start off the weekend in a great way!!
I love free lunch.
What is the 1 thing you want in 2012?
Move forward..
that's the motto .
Love Is getting harder to find D:
I would say that you don't need legitimacy to be credible and perceived as truthful, my prob with her article is misdirection
You're tied to a rocket?
Today was a long ass day
Dixon is on fire!
Maybe Peyton Manning will reconsider
Merry Christmas all!
Wishing you and your family happiness and lots of peace.
captainin America  Category: Comic Books
actually the best gift you could have given her is a lifetime of adventure.
All work is done on my end for now so im breaking today and laying on my tail!!!
Get at me...
Thanks man.
I think that tweet makes you officially awesome :
I don't care what yall say but Vicki is a sexy mfer.......
The light skin Vicki
The problem with rental properties is they don't regress the price.
once they charge a price its only up from there.
misterPringle many birthday and well wishes to your father...
Hope all is as well as can be...
is planning to surprise the IRS next year by filing my 2010 Tax Return by sending a singing telegram!
Ha!ha!.
Dinner was bomb.
Went to black out town.
Ready to leave !
What a great night!
speaking of Cartman, I cannot sing O Holy Night in anything but his voice anymore.
Ruined for life
Not much support.
F that.
Y'all suk
Always!
RT : Time to party?
give me a ring 7709902194 so we can make arrangements before you get here in ATL for the bday bash weekend
yeahh I was skyping with myito and he showed me her she had an older sister.
follow me?
Please;3333
Thank you for all the new followers, we will do our best to provide useful information to aid in earning athletic scholarships!
hahah oh jeez thought i wwas special
i wont sacrifice my happiness for you.
social media democratizes expert disciplines and lowers entry barrier for creativity
what is it called?
I got the funniest looking sunburn today.
When you start thinking about dinner this evening, think about trying for fast dinner delivery to your door step
I adore Old Navy jeans!
The Sweetheart are my gotos.
And no capris here, either.
I'm afraid that my daughter is growing up to be a Guitar Hero groupie.
I miss that water too lol RT Did u kno the bay area has like the best tap water in the nation?
PRICES REDUCED!!The DOLLAR TABLE has been restocked!New merchandise up.
Blowout Sale Jewelry is marked in half!
Stop back and check it out
I hate this phrases when couples used to their loves : aye papi,papi, aye mami, or mami and using these phrases in public
Very neat!
Do you see them often?
haha yeah I live in the apartments right next to canyon ridge and seriously we need to ha u goin to Johnson too?
Give me a hero and I will write you a tragedy.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald
thx for visiting us today Paul.
We're so grateful to have u as a guest!
We can't wait for more tips on how to get a job in Seattle
Wow!
We received a lot of exciting session proposals for Mobile Learning Experience 2012!
Thank you for your submissions.
Got new summer clothes so cute thanks maw maw and paw paw and got new bestfriend necklace thankies angel :
This Thursday night, join us at the North Face Reel Rock movie with every ticket supporting OB Denver's Scholarship.
outwardbounddenver.org
miss my Tiny!!!
Anyone need a photoshoot??
Get at me..
Busy CincoDeMayo starting w/ Avengers in IMAX  then private show w/  then watch beat
my dad hasnt paid my phone so i couldnt be able to text you Dx /
aiit ill let you know
we all miss you
yup!
Sorry gotta go get ready for Junior Prom!
:D
You know how you know someone doesnt love you, its when they replace you, like you were nothinng
It's cold
He bidged!
He budged!
Ristopher Crobin!
Today's the day!
: Baby Ima make you strip, strip for this.
lmfao, I was subtweeting an underclassmen on my tl
I stand by my prediction of 79 ...
Possible 88 .
Time will tell
sumtimes u got let it out
so tell me about it?
Translation is hard...even if it's from one dialect of English to another.
MIA this weekend?
;
thanks for following!
...really appreciate it!
..looking forward to following you in Vegas
If a person comes on Qiyamah with 70 debts to Allah it is lighter than coming with a single right owed to a fellow human.
Sufyan alThawri
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out..
Excited for it to rain today!!!
Not in the mood for hot LA weather..
A dumb bitch ain't worth a pot of piss...
haha I know I got ya niggas lmao Ugh
thanks for the s/o!
I feel so pretty today .
it's time for me to blonde again.
I'm thinking a Barbie themed Birthday party.
I can't be Barbie as a red head!
Book me ASAP xox
Please don't lick me!
If providers of E.I.
must become pt of an ins.
netwk.
negotiate a rate likely less than the DOH, isn't this cost containment?
way to go!!
We must come to realize once again that the form of church is not the issue, but the way we relate to God, one another and the world.
Neil C
YourCuteAndAllBut You're personality just isn't...
You're quite welcome.
Thank YOU for listening!
Feel better soon
thank you so much!
xx
Bored at the busstop :/ there's nothing to do!
when linking your G account to your website, is it best to use your personal G or the business page account?
man this is different
Do you miss The ICONic Boyz already lil mama?3:
Kate's Joint's punishment for making inferior bloody marys?
Let this be a lesson to other places that want to half ass their doctornks
Its a subscription based service.
Opt 1 Subscribe, 2 Find a friend who does, 3 Wait for the DVD.
sure do
yikes!!!
so how's it doing?
did you have to have it prepared?
Wannabes on KUT Austin at 2pm central time tomorrow.
Stream live at www.kut.org
Dear Kate, I just checked my schedule and I'm totally free for Valentines day!
Just throwing it out there haha
fuck you Colombia is not what the media claims it to be its a beautiful country with heartwarming people
I want it
Anyone else going to the SFIMA Summit next Friday?
Haii follow my other account 3
Check out and his art work.
lmao both these men at my work names are Roger, they be walking around talking about some roger that.
Lame!
lol
Coming up on WCJS Radio, The Jazz Queen Show  6 pm EDT
Human nature involves creating cultures and creating ourselves in response to them.
Hazel Markus
Matt Barnes should take notes from Gasol on how to finish properly.
you stay away from me with your cough
Kacey's Kristmas Ale is our pint of the week here at the brewpub!
This is the last chance to get some this year, so come on in!
I kno she was way to the right she needs to scoot in
Ben and Jerry's Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream :
he looked better in 17 again than 'the lucky one' guhrosssssss
Working waiting on this whip to get fix
man shut up.
RT : Already boring.
that would be very nice, thanks britt :
how did you and Austin meet???
I just know how to burn in the kitchen.
Gotcha' again didn't I?
Keep following me and you'll learn R.L speak.
Work it out MJ!
American Idol sucks now
Bitches play the back, because I'm the front man.
;
We will see what we can get together.
Tweeted to myself back there.
Probably time to call it a day.
Watch this page for another daring but geeky episode of PGWW.
deal.
let us know how the music is on that cassette.
i'm feelin that!
wuts gd my g,i c u!
probs reads my tweets, laughs, and keeps scrolling
Just had to google how to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
A commenter equated recipe's existence online w/ a how to boil water entry.
:/
Was that not the most awesome part?!
I literally stood up outta my seat when I saw that.
Bad Ass isn't even the word.
pink haired girls and late night conversations.
Favorite comeback team/player/coach?
oh, i see more trips in the future.
:
he mad.
May the Fourth be with you!
:D Ah acting is awesome!
:D:D:D
Need web, design, video or mobile apps?
Let me know.
NP YC ft Ace Hood I Know
Greet the day with revived energy, a fresh spirit, an enlightened outlook...
I have a doctoram!
and I didn't know your mom was dead..I'm sorry
And for mis spelling misspell!
Lol!
what's wrong my love ?
And we are underway here from Magness Arena
Claiborne's low Wonderlic score scared teams away from him.
The CB said he only answered 15 to 18 questions on the 50question test.
Now is the time, now is the hour; I am the magic, I am the power, oh!
Words cannot express my deep level of excitement for Anchorman 2.
Looking at the full public Twitter feed is a humbling experience.
Links to barstools and thumb screws.
Why are they there?
I convinced the screenplay was no more than 40 pages long.
Awesome!
this florida weather is just great
Joined our SMS list yet?
1 Free Keiki pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000
Fuck off, yeah?
Paid over 100.00 for books last semester, one of them we never used.
The bookstore gave me 18.00.
: Is it admiration for the promise of youth, or is it ageist?
Should age of author be a factor in judging books?
That's right!
I couldn't remember  There were recent grads who took the trip too : It was a pretty cool event
RT : HAVE YOU SEEN MY VAN?
NY plates FAV5347, 2002 White Ford Econoline E150 van.
Last seen  Los Angeles  Washington in LA.
Yes I'd watch RT : He would do a great job on Saturday Night Live.
absent from the body ...present with the Lord
Hard to believe its been so long since the towers fell.
Great article.
Right on the money.
I found it extra intriguing considering I work for Prison Fellowship!
;  thx for posting.
Yes that would!
Not really sure how you can avoid design decisions or solutions in a critique.
how do you call that?
really  wow
maiden voyage in a new le creuset  Oxtail Stew.
As cooked by the butcher's wife.
Coda alla Vaccinara.
but seriously I need to call you tonight so I'm gonna.
I need to talk about a doggie I might take in!

meant to type If you want more, just LMK, esp.
young entrepreneurs doing big things in NYC, LA, 
If this was my first time ever seeing Harrison barnes, I'm not agreeing that he's a lottery pick.
His game is lost.
Its tomorrow the sultry Stacey Brooks.
Rsvp early......hitting the stage at 8pm!
Still at work..FUCK
I do feel bad for community banks.
Lots of good folk there.
I think cu structure is main difference
find out how healthcareworks for kids and get your questions answered about the ACA at a Tweetchat going on now at
did you know that 1 in 6 cellphones have poop on them??
Ew isn't it just gross.
Wash your hands people...
show us
I think my mother just broke up with me.
HA!!
Freda's been enjoying The Parkers rerun on BET all day.
I love getting home from Taco Bell to see they forgot my cheesy fiesta potatoes, which is my favorite.
Way to blow it TBell.
alright mom :P
will you be in Camden, NJ with GNR????????
Happy birthday praying you receive health, wealth nd prosperity enjoy your day from a london
Heroes!
RT : RT : Visit The Bills Store get 20 off pink products
By the time females reach 2125 they secretly want they're ass to be eaten out or played with.
Doesn't it?
Made me hungry!
Two weeks in Israel..
gonna be so legit.
Not sure which it you have in mind.
r u working?
I am in sec 125 row 20: And we're back in the game!
mnwild
We're playing well lately.
Last reg season gm 2night.
A win would secure our best finish in school history.
I'm at work, why you still up?
: The dogs are in the enclosed pool area.
Garage side door is open.
Pathology Quiz Case 3: Diagnosis  Archives of Otolaryngology
You'll be jealous.
Meet the Makers and food pairing at !
Dbrown shot this image!
And where your high yella ass been anyway?
of course!
You already know OKC tomorrow
Whenever I delete an app on my ipod, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting deleted.
well hello!
opens the fridge, well looks like I'ma make some burgers, hotdogs, and barbq steaks...
tommow..
:
There a torn ACL bug going around pro sports this month?
Damn...hello interim title fight!
thanx for the follow back:
We are packed!
Get down here NOW!!
You're welcome.
I'm a nervous Nancy over here!
eat dick
surprised he doesn't have both those things saved as frequent search topics
What I read didn't say how old she was.
Said they adopted 2 childoctorn from overseas.That he lives a monk like existence?
no, I haven't tried that one.
You like?
It's hilarious how much i hate my job actually, hahah
RIP Dick Clark, a true pioneer.
Thank you for using TV to spread new music to the entire nation!
Damn tha HATE is heavy lol RT don't nobody want you retarded skyscrapers b...
Who's who?
Where's Waldo?
Looking for an affordable family law attorney?
Call us today  619.338.9500!
Acrosonic Tonic is on air from 34!!
Requests are welcome!
I hope is rocking gear all week in AZ.
I want a cookie.
congrats on the new job at ICA
People say that love is in every cornergosh!
maybe im moving in circles..
The waiting game....need to get home and get some rest, then it's 100mph
Having dinner with cousin who just returned from Japan after the quake.
Her stories are terrifying.
So glad she and the babies made it back.
big plans for all the soccer tomorrow?
Nothing sucks more than that moment during an argument when you realize you're wrong.
The Wynn Deal dying was rhetoric from Wynn.
This was planned all along.
Old Guy Fly, you getting too old with them brittle bones haha
my price would be flight club lol.
Offer something reasonable bro
Karyn Purvis' book The Connected Childgreat resource for adoptive parents.
Interesting, Going to ask myself.
The original Audio Dock had a power switch; it doesn't have a standby mode, just keeps sucking power.
Had a great day today but wish I could've been there with y'all, too!
Sorry to miss the fun.
xoxo 
NICE HAT ROC its asome ur so cut prodigy
you guys deserve everything you get and more!!
America just can't get enough of you!
At DCA, headed to Seattle, Fairbanks and WrangellSt.
Elias Mtns for ten days.
Woowoo!
Nothing says fun like sitting in a Starbucks parking lot, killing time...in Hawaii!
I should be on a beach!
Highly relevant in your current position, too, I would imagine.
Or, you know, not.
Sending good vibes!
analysts mention every candidate except , despite Ron Paul being very strong throughout the
Imani: I'm doing it ALL weekend....
I think I might have just accidentally killed a ladybug.
I could cry...
oh my goodness!!!!
Thank you so much for sharing!
What a doll!
I wish I were more articulate.
That would seriously be my one wish if I had one.
So Hatfields  McCoys comes on History channel starting Memorial Day, for three nights.
I think I'll watch it despite the major violence.
Once again, thanks for your RTs.
You're completely awesome!!!
I hope im fine when im old.
What's your favorite hidden gem in Lincoln Park?
if you want some to test with I have several.
:
neon11 nice hat asshole...who are you?
Spoiler: I'm pretty sure he's against it
We're located at 3037 N.
Broadway across from Chase Bank!
We just opened Wednesday!
Yeah I have 2 jobs I have a summer job working at a camp and then I work at a cafe I am the head server and some times prep cook
We've raised over 1000 this month for charity!
We're so grateful for your support.
I'm dying to see the show!!
Can't wait to go see it!!
.
screw you Hertz, I will NEVER rent a car from you again.
You suspend people because of their religion.
Contact us today and we can go over questions and get an estimate www.bluelaserdesign.com/contact.htm ask for Will
Just saw someone jetskiing on lake erie!
Really?
Not THAT warm!
Go Giants!!
Launching New Redline Large Format SemiAutomatic Die Cutters in USA, via partnership with DiecutUk.
uglyamericans is an awesome show.
DASER Comfort The lack of elegance in certain species is used as proof of evolution.
Nature doesn't always use the smartest solution.
69Factsaboutme 66.
I cut my own hair.
Although I guess I don't have to wish that on him.
He already look like trash
Just bought my kit.
Can't wait for its arrival.
That's beautiful  tame compared to others I've received.
Sweet Congrats on your new job.
You are definitely going to bring it ;.
Watching the news is so depressing.
SO I turned on some cartoons : much better
I see at marsh!
uksglive Researchers concerned about Journals as a Brand  to brand their work
Sleep is for the weak.
Chaos in the world brings uneasiness, but it also allows the opportunity for creativity and growth.
I just learned Kano is on twitter!
looks like you got hacked too!
time to change your password...
FollowFriday Black Friday Shopping
how did you do at the marathon?
Nail time in the backyard c:
Everyone at the  show last night knew something truly special was happening.
you sound like a broken record.
hate to be that guy..
Seriously...
Shut every front door in America!!
How the heck did it turn like that...
My jaw is to the ground.
LOL still listenin' n just turned it up LOUDER Happy Friday!!!
: TURN IT UP!
We can't hear it!
:
Elin Nordegrens New doctoram Home is Just Like the 12 Million Mansion She Knocked Down 
PEACE, it's what we need in this world!
I feel very fortunate to have the luxury of being able to fire shut up and doctorw clients.
sweet, we'll get something nice roo
Those who are following my tweets  other info should know that I have been going through some rather difficult times lately.
Alex just got hit in the head at Kid's Club, and now he thinks he's an explorer 3 : I love kids haha
lol!
Most definitely.
I wuv you more!
RT ok plan is, have dinner, do computing homework, business studying and ill do more of the maths revision exercise!
I thought I'd turn on some news this morning, but I accidentally ended up on foxandfriends BIG mistake!
had a blast!!!!!
THANK YOU!
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again
thanks for the mention.
New assistants excite Deans
I wish i was jeremy lin
State of Sundays on Area with all of the sets from Ultra is making me extremely happy...not hating this doctorve at all!
yea I remember seeing u use tht.
Oh and I guess I would change or get rid of the tracker ball on the g2.
Pretty useless.
Another 1st grader on reading and WRAD I love to explore and I like anvetrers.
Finally started watching Friday Night Lights holy crap man
10 Laps to go  in the lead
yes and yes.
Nothing like Rumchata and directory services.
Once again D.
Rose, Fucking animal!!!!!
Our pleasure!
RT Merci, danke and dzięki to for sponsoring the Business Language project with the Grove and Optima Training!
ACCEPTED the comedic role of Marsha, Queen of Diamonds in Nightwing: Edenspring an Independent Film based on the 1960's Batman TV Series
I had a doctoram I woke up to breakfast...Then, I woke up 
i would just like to say ahead of time.....
WELCOME BACK TO KENTUCKY!!
PregameWinners are doctornking only the TOP shelf liquor and Champagne!
Celebrating the New Years cashing in on the bowl games!
Please excuse our temporary site outage.
We're working to remedy.
Thanks!
you're a loser, because you never get on twitter, haha did you know you're one of my best friends?
Tks for keeping up w/trivia on Twitter team!
bounty hunters?
Bomb this guy Alex!
Mine and 's dance to Yeah by Usher ;D 
Having a better day today : hope you're day is going well!
GOOD LUCK!
Thanks!
I have to thank EDUCAUSE, especially Teddy Diggs for editing and guidance.
can i be ur bobby darin?
Super bummed the BVB / FIR tour is cancelled....
The white ppl in my in my Lil gated.community say they dont like..how when the president just like
No matter how impossible, unattainable, or unimaginable something may seem..if it's meant to be, it'll be.
great job tonight!
Thanks for all your hard work and dedication to our community!
Headed to Sonic
omg i went running today..
and realized i doctornk too much wine 
Love it!!!
Congratulations Sarah!!!: I'm happy for you and I hope you had an amazing day!
You and Matt are adorable!:D
your twitter game sucks
Prince Ama is one of our featured artist on Break That Single.
Come and support this amazing artist at the Feakin Frog 12/11 6pm9pm PST
Just read the majority an absolutely MLP fan fiction.
Now off to bed.
:
RT I'm feeling like war tonight.
Especially fiesty.
Bring it.Duke lost to The Mighty Badgers one time in basketball.
good stuff.
its gonna be ok bby
Have a blast tonight in Shelbyville Indiana!
Two can see a doublefeature with popcorn and soft doctornks at the Strand Theatre for only 15!
.
Thanks for the follow.
I dig your stuff, especially AM
Samberg is officially out of ideas.
Was that your brother in the DailyMile photograph?
I wouldn't have recognized him since I haven't seen him in at least 5 years
PLAYBOYS ON TAPE // N WE ON BLUE RAY !!!
ASKK
I should be leaving to the Avengers midnight premiere with my brother, instead I am stuck at home sick as fuck 
waitin for sean to tweet saying he's marrying me :L :L
3 you mean the world to me babygirl;
Go time.
almost a slam!!!!
Beatles  Gramercy  Tribeca  Comedy  Diners  Heaven on Earth
I've been fortunate to see every state but HI, and I must say that I rank CO a close second to AK ;
have you heard about ?
will you be in town around then?
hey dudes you guys rule!
Let's play a show someday would be awesome to play with a band that influenced us...
Hah
Diaz...The digital ecosystem...students may have many devices and mobility is just another way to learn.
Retweet if your counting down to abc's
: gah!
love you're Glee version of Savingallmyloveforyou tell RyanMurphy to give you more songs...
justsayin 
hey : how are u hun?
Alan Wagner I spend 40 daller at champs this bitch and Chris did not pay me back so she said I'm going to pay u back
Go Ed!
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your doctorams
This tweet is so can see a reply to his tweet up on the big screen at ascd12.
Btw, if you see Deb from Pasco HS tell her Hi :
Rinage enough tweeting today:p and answer bbm!
So umm guess who was here?; I love you wifeyyy3 bbm me??;
Haha, from another photog doing similar  love it!
;
What is your latest vintage find?
The media is hyping Mourdock but everyone I have talked to today has voted Lugar, both independents and Republicans.
Hey Andy, did you write tonight's episode?
Exec produce?
What?
Bitch put some ice in her mouth and said she got a cold head game
Thanks Raven baby if u don't know what I'm talking about, ask me, if u do, Thanks again sweetie.
Much Love to ya.
Mmmuahhh!
it's really good!: all you have to do for mine is have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you support /love them.
:
RIP: Former First Lady, Betty Ford.
Condolences to the family.
3 no problem : thanks for staying a follower even with all my rageful tweets
: Can it be put into an aerosol can so I can squirt it into my mouth?
working that
Mercy Aur helicopter just landed next to McKenzie Park in Chula Vista
Yeah, it's fine  gets the job done.
Glad you're not at the Smart Russell Square, which was really horrific
GOPClownCar Mittens the Mormon would like to apologize for the story of his assault on a gay kid getting published.
It won't happen again
Happy Earth Day!!
Currently listening to: ELIOT  Pictures on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Whenever I watch the clips of Boyfriend that have been released, I have to remind myself how to breathe.
Holy crap.
Sam3
Time for a nice cup of coffee.
:P
that's an understatement
Today has been a reminder to never take life for granted and to tell those you love that they mean the world to you.
It's never too much.
seeing in like...
a couple of weeks!
so excited.
Hey you hey it's ranging I look like a wet dog....
A BFSportsMoment  today in 1897 the 1st intercollegiate basketball game using 5 players per team was held.
Yale won 3210.
Thanks for checking the folio!
An irritating thing i see on my TL: IDGAF i have no fucks to give blah blah.
Really cause you seem depressed all the time cry like a bitch!
Nice, what are you gonna do for work?
thanks, thanks, thanks and thanks
OMG I have 863 followers!
I  u guys!
None of them i guess.
More like gets mashed with Nothing But Love.
THIS is a team of destiny.
can't be stopped.
RT : SUPRISE: new cover coming soon, like this weekend :P codyiacs hes back finally : Cute new avi by the way
You two should follow each other.
Problem solved.
:
We can't wait to welcome you this evening  Tobasco and Tea Tulia are awaiting you :
take one and bring it to me : haha
thanks!
Great job last night!
We had so much fun
Great week in Wisconsin conducting a focus group testing institutional mission statement and goals.
Please let everyone know that there are apparently NO spots left in the Pac 12.
:
technically it's 11/1/2011 so not too much fun?
Bradley, thx for the mention!
Susan
pretty wild eh?
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, high, doctornk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish all a Happy Friday!
where have u been Justin all ur fans miss u WHERE IS JUSTIN
thank you!
i got through and figured out what i needed.
Like getting picked up 20 minutes early.
Sunshine is nice!
Cheers!!!
RT Can it get any better mayb if it was a little warmer
The new Apple TV you will be able to control with hand motion and voice...not good in a house with an Italian wife always yelling at the TV
: : i think the love sydnee has for niko is so cute awe Its not as cute as the love sydnee has 4 me tho.
I am feeling such a strange mix of  this is no great loss  and  But these characters were just starting to click
Had an ight time at the high with my niggas
Let's all enact a plan to insure a HappyandProsperousNewYear!
Bring it on.
...
2012!
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde
you like her dont u lol
At the beginning of Casino you can clearly see the cut where they replace Robert De Niro with a dummy.
Be sure to look for it.
Um, and has this song been released yet?
RT Pretty cool to have done a song with a Laker champion!!!
finally people understand corey hart.
His finished line this year 25hr 26R 27rbi
Like I said Miami got to worry bout gettin past the pacers
It's rare that someone can read a paper, no visuals, and hold my attention as completely, intensely and elegantly as Stoler is doing.
My favorite part of that movie is when Joe Pantoliano gets slapped full bore with a slice of pizza by Robert Davi.
still not a super majority tho.
While I might not like what and how...we both know how hard leg.
is to pass at that level
yay!!!!!
Also, did you see the Elementary trailer?
Looks awful.
Just sitting down at nvsa for Andoctorw Staffer's presentation on NINES.
Deadwood, Sons of Anarchy, The Killing, Breaking Bad, Justified, Thrones...
New golden age of doctorma.
i tell patron truths i tell u heney lies n u believe all i can see it in ya eyes doctorzzy
ill go on the second or third verse
FYI  The poster printers are back in business.
The CMC is once again accepting posters!
How can I still not fall asleep after working 85 every day and playing a full soccer game.
hahaha yes.
I'm the one with red hair NOT in glasses.
I'm the vocalist!
So glad you watched that haha
that's what my sister said!
Stu Alumni get together next month, im on the Alumni committe!
Closed SHORT NZDUSD for 156 pips professort; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 71 SHORT
I wanna RT this
Can I get 2 more handsome guys to follow me??
Think I'm about to call it one.
Gn.
he was simply making a thought and you jumped down his shit for no reason.
I lava you!
Joe was a terrible janitor.
Im glad he's gone.
now we have a cleaning company come at night.
like a real office.
me no speaky.
that tweet was meant for you....
Hahahaha
Thanks, Casey for voting.
I can't make up my mind.
Oh yes!
I 3 Grey's Anatomy!
: I have seasons 1 7 on DVD and can't wait to get the 8th.
:
and you didn't invite me over!
:O
Luv ya ryte back muah ; RT I love u my vamp sisters!
fly high n suck good!
:
I don't believe anyone who says they live with no regrets
Cheers to one of the most beautiful days in LA ever.
S/O to Groove2fly!
Great job on the new single!
Confusin Me!
No Pro owner owns a Fran for the .
It's an asset, a toy.
The prob is now MaGoofs need Kings to turn professort for their livelihood

Handle With Care3
That was a song they were just playing for the outro on Countdown just now.
is every one bots?
its like make more friends here and get a free laptop here link link LINK.
is anyone real?
:
The world needs thoughtful filters, Humans will replace algorithms.
Curation will make you smarter, read more voices
The costumes are very flowing and lovely  and there is humour in the show too, which is delightful.
10 off code SHENYUNFANS
: Under Barretts reign, MKE doctorpped 31 spots in recent Forbes list as best cities to do business.
Wisconsin is 50th
hkittle is certainly saying her piece.
Anyone know a good blog designer that has a package with a lot included for thirty dollars?
A couple of us are going to be on woodensteel.tv tonight  10.
Come hang out, and ask us some questions!
: Block party flow !
where at
Just followed FUTURE UNITED STATES CHAMP!
and also current INTERNET CHAMP!
woo woo woo you know it!
Bro!
Hot for no reason.
We're not old, we are well seasoned.
im just plain sick of being ignored cause im a guy
So cute!
He's dancing just like momma Z
Training yourself to stay in the present moment.
That is a very good use of the rest of your life.
Pema Chodoctorn, Getting Unstuck
he ain't take his bag wit em?
Stop freaking talking about Obama, Bachmann.
: hey: have you seen the avengers?
Is it good?
Idk about you but I wouldn't wanna go to school all oily..
You're not alone Tom.
One more day until summer.
3
It's a perfect day to each lunch in the car.
She got hype but I only heard one song, it was aight RT : Who is Azealia Banks???
Is she that nice?
Nothing stops them!
:
congratulations!!!
how exciting for you two!
Harry is so beautiful.
Today is a kind of day 
Chilling in the house of reps right now.
You're breaking the cycle.
No words to express how difficult that is or how rewarded you should be for it.
Well done.
appreciate that love his music have every album in my phone...
Kayne for president stay up Peace..
im seeing paranormal activity 2 this weekend.
im bringing blankets.
muah!
Miss you love, come out to one of our events sometime!
We reopen at Hydoctorte this Friday!
: MIke Bibby at the helm let it rain 3's and penetrate and create.
RiseUpNYK You mean the ghost of Mike Bibby?
Turns out, there is a point when one can eat so may Indian snack foods they must recline.
Stupid punjabi mix.
Happy Year that's New lol
sorry sir
Some of you guys will have a great party at Ken's tonight.
Enjoy !
I am so sorry that I will be missing it.
Flying back tomorrow.
The heart and soul of the company is creativity and innovation
: lol smart and fine.......u special aint it!
aw thanks good sir !
Most people are fake but that's okay because I liked playing with Barbies as a child, this should essentially be the same thing.
My balls are covered in jager lmao.
I'm such a faggot
Everything gives you cancer nowadays.
In lunch with everyone :
Me too!
I ALWAYS try to mess with them.
I just realized there's so many hot mexicans at my school ; choppinnn'it;
im following u ...
i think ur going crazy
Hey twitter besty.
WhyDoHoes talk about other hoes and front like they aint one.
heard it was dope but haven't seen it
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!!
3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY: with swag!
:
Is it this backseat making you itch?
Hey girl, I'll save your life but you don't have to privatize your public schools to thank me.
up next.
Sound check sounds so good!
on in the 11am hour.
tonight!
thanks for following us.
We would love to see you at one of our upcoming music supervisor sessions!
Here's another random thought: If you want your childoctorn to listen to you, try talking softly to someone else, works every time:
celebrating Sydney's End of the Year Celebration of Girls Scouts with...
Why is chia a superfood?
Because it delivers the maximum amount of nutrients with little calories.
You scared me today.
No more doing that!
I take it back now that I'm laying down.
I doctornk too much.
On a Tuesday?
See, I told you.
Primanti Brothers in Pittsburgh.
I know, I'm late.
it is a great video!
is the most negative brewers fan I've ever met.
SHE writes teen boys perfectly :
yeah, I did!
We're your cousins over not too long ago??
THEY SAVED THE BEST FOR LASTT.
HYFR.
My dad told me UPS and DHL were hiring warehouse positions in NKY but I can't seem to find anything about it.
Anyone know anything?
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever !!!!!
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php
I know the feeling.
I really would love to catch up and hear about life for you out there.
get my outline email?
46B should be enough to start countering all those millionaires who are trying to destroy our education system by privatizing it
I'm still trying to get in contact with some of them.
Stay tuned.
I just love the new season of Celebrity Apprentice!
Gary Busey makes me laugh in every episode.
Can't wait for next week!
At 16, after hitting doctorver while TW lays up with iron  if Phil makes this birdie Tiger may WD
none of you are good enough to win it on your own like
Cats fed.
Busy planning day and to hit my backed up paperwork.
I have literally been thinking that same thing for the past 5 hours
Haha I'm going back to my Arrogant Bastard.
I like hoppy bitter stuff.
Fitness is the key to winning tennis.
It will help your footwork and your mental game.
I'm hungry
We need to hurry up and learn about southeast Asia.
I'm so ready to go HAM on that unit.
Learning about China is boring!
LO:SVU got renewed, Alcatraz cancelled.
Mom's 11 today on her shows.
The Book of Poems of That Traveler is doing very well its looks to me.
The next Poetry Novel is even better.
Lol we ll see RT : miss you too T hopefully I get down they're soon to see ya
hahathnx.
i haven't seen them in awhile.
Not even on YouTube?
Broken Phone.
I love you and i'm ready too!
Medical emergency 400 blk E Baltimore St, Red Light District.
Played two hours of basketball today.
Forgot how much I love the game.
yeah!
RT : you know want would be great, to take exfmpresents out on the road and bring to Ireland/ Europe
I have absolutely no idea what that means!
:
you better slap that home wrecking slut!!
yes, having read the book, it makes it easier to understand what is happening in parts.
lml that sounds god :
Find out why Seth hasn't been in touch with Piper.
Get ready for today's BLOWN OFF it's up in 5 minutes!
Yeah, SNU has to be close.
I can't complain though  SNU and NTS both treated me well financially.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life.
A man who lives fully is ready to die any time.
You know the words.
So sing along for me, baby.
Councilman from Memphis says only one public housing building remains in the city of Memphis.
Wow!
Oh my gosh, I do!
I never realized I was so influential with regards to cricket!
i know I was really getting pumped to feel weird after GBDSCSUYT with you.
But November for sure!
happy made up holiday from a bullshit company that prints dumb words on wasted paper day.
fuck you.
Take a bath, woman, for fuck's sake!
Harvest season is approaching!
Stop in at Paradigm Gardens for all of your Gardening Needs!
doctorwSomething would be perfect for the insomniac...
if anyone else was awake to play.
He's got a kid but there's another one with a kid, the one who wrote her letter, he's cute, too.
I thought I've seen your reel up on tons of auditions.
different reel?
Do u got SWAG ?
One more stupid love song ill be sick.....
What song is those lyrics from?
FIRST ONE TO ANSWER GETS A SHOUTOUT!!!!
Hi, thank you for the retweet :
How is this?
Tell us your favorite baseball memory.
It can be from your childhood, a game you attended or just a baseball moment that you remember.
You've just been hacked by the fucking amazing :D I love you, my merchbitch!!!
up to you;D where ya from again?:
3 thanks for watching us!
In 2007 Alex Rodoctorguez became the 1st player since Roger Maris to lead in HRs, RBIs, and runs.
Makin mad coffee at
Do you do interviews as well?
I have a story I would like to get covered?
watched Anton take 20minute lesson inswoord fighting at local medieval festival, chilly sunny day
Next time im goin for APLUS RT made the night absolutely wonderful!
A on hospitality  service!
I think the women in his life were much more interesting.
From Katherine of Aragon to Catherine Parr, they all were fierce.
discovered that I had about 200 text messages pop up in my in box.
If I had not answered you, I am still going through messages.
The situations I get into.
IM jealous i always wanted to visit Italy..
trying to get a passport for this feb!!!!!
Herman Cain suspends Presidential Campaign.....
but vows to not go away..
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
Happy International Women's Day..
Oh of course, but the overall message is what I'm referring to
I don't believe the new blackberry bold ad campaign is going so well as the phrase Being Bold to them means taking pictures on your phone
Why do I even put the Brewers gamecast on?
It only ends with me being depressed and turning it off 15 minutes later.
Defend voting rights, register voters, get WI IDs.
RT So, that was fun, now wiunion, what else would you like to do?
so u hate good days??
toothbrush tip: Choose a brush with round, soft bristles that fits your mouth and replace every 23 months!
For YOU I would, but...I don't want to taint my hands with that filthy burgundy  gold.
Some of their failure might rub off on me
if not its not a government job.
sorry, it's your bussiness with your ugly soul
awww, hes not a puppy anymore.
not that it lasted long cuz dat nigga was always huge.
lol.
idk how much more he can grow.
I Left Town by Julie Doiron.
On repeat.
Ad infinitum, ad nauseam.

a friend just reminded me of doctorOctagon.
: where them sexy boys at!?
obviously not in st louis.
figuring out language to addoctorss issues for example it's not complex instead of It's easy!
Sorry for all the trouble and thanks for your feedback.
It doesn't look like you are in our system...
: it'd be nice if you followed me and maybe too?
please yeah you should follow us.
I want to Be my Teacher i Learn way More Faster than in School Lol Jason Can youh Be My TeacherILYShawty3
Come on yankees lets tack on a couple more
You always fall for the one that won't fall for you
Jefferson County is and so are many of our departments.
Check out and our followers.
thanks for tweeting my video for 's the Stache.
I know cooler heads should prevail, but am I the only one who wants to see this?
Rodger Sterling
No hw for me tonight I don't feel like doing it....oh well
haha oh boy!
You gotta keep me posted in the good ones!
This seems, to me, the basis of a true equality: I am better than no one, yet no one's better than me.
Salute to the Flight Club Movement ya dig!
We are creating a dynasty that will change the lives of alot of people.
Glad to know you disliked your situation as much as I did.
I only date short term these days anyway.
Keepin it simple.
Checking out the live ice sculpting on the field house mall!

the dentist waiting on my root canal procedure 
thatawesomemomentwhen you see on 1000 ways to die!!!
Haha cement is a bitch isn't it :p
Only about 55 of Americans know that the sun is a star!
that'ssad
No, thank you!!!
I'm sorry I couldn't get you that many followers.
Over the weekend I'll try again when more ppl are on:
lol I still remember jamming to sexy back
I WILL be finishing this bag of Wheat Thins.
Hooraythey are gone.
Ah, the power of Twitter and cc:
FF my favorite diehard Lakers fans !!!
And a part of me wants em to.
85F Yeah Buddy!
Happy Monday
door guy is here!
crossing my fingers for a successful installation!
The sardines in this can are not eponymously packed.
May I say this, or does 'eponymous' entail something being named for a proper name?
Protest Mayor's cuts 2 the library!
This Monday.
Central library.
9:30am.
www.savethelibrary.org.
I believe that every single event in life that happens is an opportunity to choose love over fear.
Oprah Winfrey
: Spring Break is right around the corner!
What are you doing?
I lied I'm turning 19 and I forgot.
:/
thanks for having us at the concert, what a great lineup!
Best christmas ever!!
My parents got me the cut out.
So happy.
We are looking forward to seeing your room!
We love working with you!
Let's go Bulls!
but for real, Ne'Aisha don't subtweet me no more, mention me for now on
Atlanta Norcross Lawrenceville Dakalb tune into via smartphone or net
Want to Think Abstractly?
Join us for our Part I of our Western Roots series at 6:30 on May 17th for a discussion of American...
Finally caught a break!
Locked keys in truck  85 quote  reg cust is a locksmith  happens to show rt then..2tacosFries  best barter EVA
With the 99 rebuild, the pier renovation  add ons, a possible basketball team  new arenas ...
We're in there.
Picked up my 1st batch of veggies from local farms subscription.
Goal is use up everything.
We're all born to express, not impress
trying to figure this out
Welcoem to our new followers!
Ah!
Basecamp is down!
Anyone else having this problem?
The only way I can achieve my doctoram is to wake the fuck up
So the power went out at school!
Florida weather!
it always rains we got a bad storm
I never imagined My place I call home, can be such a hell hole to me.....
Because it's my favorite letter of course!
That's why!
ask, access, analyze, attribute
Ma, I made itTop of the world!
White Heat, spoken by James Cagney
XPOSED BRIK
Hey buffalo united this isn't street ball ,so stop be scummy
Playing some BMad mixes at my cousin's graduation party.
Everyone is loving them!
Great job
thanks for the mentions!
cheers
I wouldn't never want to get burned again ever.
Everything is fine on Cloud 9!!!!
Waiting to be convinced that community managwment doesn't work ioctribe  w2e
thank you so much .
I dont wanna be annoying but i think twitter didnt work you are not following me :/ 3
goodmorning world!
I'm having a soccer game today, soo..
leggo!!
Summer Heights High...
Gonna pee myself.
just fine?
oh yes, definitely agree.
The toilet is a good place to spend your saturday evening.
:
R.I.P Austin Arnold /3 I didn't really talk to you but you were a great friend to many of my friends.
R.I.P
Angie hurt my feelings .
She just threw it away.
Thanks for continuing to  me Adeline!
While browsing around for interesting design ideas
I'll believe it when I see it.
NBC would have to be stupid to pull that.
PR and 30 Rock are two of most popular comedy shows out
glad to hear that!
Good luck :
love the pics!
Misreading signals, attachment issues.
beautiful dirty dirty rich rich dirty dirty BEAUTIFUL DIRTY RICH
If they really wanna talk to you, they'd write to you first without any problem.
Jagr looks 25 again.
He loves playing against the Pens.
I'm following!!
Hoping my chances are double!
SYP: Does trivia at The Old Toad offer prizes like a smoking donkey or a Show World cert?
I think not.
Wed at 8pm.
Cya there.
and I spy
I had Michigan St.
in the title game losing to UNC.
My
I swear you watch to much Martin.lol RT : Ricky Fontane, Pretty Ricky what they call him
I dont!
It's pretty messed up!
ready to fail gym tomorrow?
;
c u's in d morning :D
I thought more people would be happy about this.....WE HAVE 305 PEOPLE IN THE FLASH MOB AND A FEW MALE DITECTIONERS!
Yay!
sarcasm
Lol well sheesh!
Tell me how you really feel!
Have u ever actually watched it though?
I need a social media dictionary!
I dont understand what RTLAMOFU means  many other terms.
Taco bell trip at 10:15  wishing my BFF was with us!!
.
That's tough 1.
They'll announce close to 18K, but will be closer to 17K.
Pacers didn't help themselves by laying an egg Sat.
Watching Leaving Las Vegas and searching the bible for the word Songbird.
Brushing my teeth with a sandal
I'm doctornk at a freestyle concert.
It's awesome.
All gay people will raise gay babies ?
Oh yea just like all straight couples raise all straight babies ?
I'll be your trainer/agent
UTH invited by the CG of the Bahamas to speak with students visiting Miami from Bahamas on the subject of cultural/ heritage  eotourism
your a beautiful singer.;
That would be awesome  just create a new account and upload video?
Anything else?
FollowBack homie !!
yeah.
It's kinda creepy.
you going to Orlando?!
Well...
WA got the highest access to political process score, but it was only a D.
Come on, America!
BroughtonMemories Fights in the cafeteria
I hate seeing dogs I can't have :'
No goalies on the board huh?
Bash at the beach
ah yes.
We couldn't remember
sorry my statuses have been depressing youve helped me alot through all my troubless , i lovee youu!3
You are foolish to compare understood risk involved in a contact sport, with a team that goes out of their way to hurt someone.
I need a challenge though!
What do you think I should try to take photos of?
Looking forward to your ideas!
Still have duck tape on the windows from the hurricane that hardly hit in August
Another pathetic Lib attempt at 'humor' about someone on the other side becoming ill or dying.
Should he lose his job?
An idea is just the beginning  listening to Innovation seminar
RT RT : Everybody does dumb shit in high school.
Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay  assaults him
Thank you so much for the We Are Star Dust Symphony of Science by MelodySheep Tweet!!
Awesome stuff we are!
: ;
There are no failures  just experiences and your reactions to them.
I flew through that series!
Loved it.
Wait til we bring this shit back to L.A...
Rt it...
I hope she does DM you...
I know it wwould make you so happy...
watching spy kids 2.
just a joke about the
Don't acquire undersized, inefficient 2 guard.
Really difficult, isn't it?
The wind was definitely not blowing hard today.
And how does wind blow away a box braid?
It's good to see Microsoft campaign case studies that finally include some data beyond no.
of impressions.
Customer voice....
I sneezed out the compulsion.
Some defend n.i.g.g.a as being Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished but most who use it on a regular are doing nothing of the sort!?!
its actually decent
Damn good ass finish.
That was a pretty good fight!
haha I want to go see The Lucky One lol:
Sometimes I overstep my bounds but if anything I just care too much.
All my love
Short review: Decent flick, but next time  more muppets, less humans
Scott Walker  Sociopath  Rebecca Kleefisch  Train Wreck
Excited I just purchased my first 3A toy, Desert Sand Bertie, excited to learn more.
What is the edition size?
Well that sounds reliable RT Poll showing Walker up 9 was a one day robo by IL Manuf Assoc, who gives millions to GOP
nothing just woke up, you?:D
Every time I see you...
The first half of the book sparked great discussion!
We are discussing the second half at the end of March.
Chelsea Kane got 3rd place on Dancing With The Stars.
She deserved to win it all.
BAHAHA mlanet12 RT : I can't wait for you to stuff my bag!
Wait.....
400 followers!!!!!
Thanks y'all for the help!
RT
Ortiz loves stickin' it to the Twinkies.
Which sounds dirty, but is actually fairly awesome.
does mike rice tweet?
Some things happen just because.
Others happen because you got smarter.
I hate when it's 1942 degrees in my room and I can't cuddle with my pillow pet cause it brings too much heat.
Don't let your doubts control your future, control the future of your doubts.
2 soon to be
Dang Sick Burn
cool!!!
Make sure u post them I would love to see!!!!
Going jeans shopping always feels like giving up.
Swarthmore peace collection very helpful.
Took over 200 pictures.
Not bad considering it was only 2 folders
Ima just keep tweetin random stuff til i get to a reasonable numba.
if u followed me it wud mean the world:
yes i got a 2 hr cardio session I'm about to put myself through at 10 but I love the results !!!!
I Gets High 
Looking forward to Terry's Beef Brisket at DCTNG tonight!
Hey buddy, what's your current email?
Would love to send something your way :
Ladies!
How would you like to sit at 's table Thurs nite for the NFLdoctorft Party?
is giving away 4 seats!
Man I just love Mondays.
lol....it still is!
Calm down daddy.....
that satement was in retaliation for a snide comment to me in a Dominicks parking lot, no Finn wasn't with me
hahaha i bet its awesome let me know your results!
good luck with edits and I hope to talk with you next week!
Women always have the last say in an argument, because when men talk, its the beginning of another argument
Great time at Paramount for a screening of the ballad of buck trucker had a small role in!
Just the beginning of great things to come!
where yo phone ?
So Why Put In The Effort?
Lol
I love seeing this kind of collaboration and awesomeness happening in Seattle!
hey!!!
I miss you so much!!!
How are you?!
Don't miss out!!
Winter Wellness Workshop starts in a WEEK !
Contact either myself or Fit Lincoln Park to reserve a spot!!
Niese just owned Sanchez.
I believe we are going to win.
My new commercial agents, Niche  Greta at Bicoastal, are totally understanding that I'm vegan  don't want to support McDonalds.
Traveling is the vehicle which allows the soul to soar beyond physical understanding.
More ways2use Klout?
I can't even login right now.
Noth'n but error msgs.
Y'all have NO Klout right now!
Just ate cereal and it was good:
ikr!
She's amazing!:
A lot of girls keep their feelings to themselves because they're tired of pouring their hearts out to the wrong guy.
I just wanna punch people with neck tattoos in the throat.
Back of the neck is ok.
Side.
Trashy.
WOW...commercial successno contest, but lyrics?
U have an argument.
He didn't know what to do when I made him move to FL after 34yrs in Brooklyn.
Him: Why is everyone so SLOW here!
LMAO
I figured I just had bad luck, but I checked the stats and discovered that I've lost 53 games of solitaire!
SOMETHING is wrong here...
also on Barns and Noble.com and also on most other bookstore web sites too.
The Book is called The Book of Poems of That Traveler.
its somethin bout doctornkin apple juice at home....it juss taste weird
Gotta piss but dont feel like getting up .
Will see you then!
Also twitter needs a breathalyzer attachment  I got it, I'm in control.
Capitalizin' words
: It is abnormal for a Christian not to have an appetite for the impossible.
Bill Johnson
Saw WinterWonderSlam last night w/ Don't miss it if it comes to your area!
Visited for 1st time today.
Am hoping to get back for some 'learning to sew' classes soon.
Unreal.
Disgusting.
Sick.
Awful.
I want some of that 40 mill for what this guy is putting me thru
whats for lunch?
Lets network: Blackberry Pin: 21AAAC7E
Friends shouldn't always be negative when you're happy..
you do the same:
Man is not a rational animal he is a rationalizing animal.
Robert A.
Heinlein
woke up in a great mood :
RT : What am I bout to wear tomorrow dude.
Ok negrito RT : Perfect, hol dat down for me : RT : I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!
So the tbell bathroom I just went into has automatic lights.
Get classy one time!
boysfavoriteline oh you gotta boyfriend ?
You act like you can't have friends 
At the after party, still no hummus.
In honor of our Centennial Celebration and our recent academic performance, King County has declared September 30, 2011 Franklin Quaker Day!
that fool can't make up hiis damn mind
Been in a great mood today.
Wonder what the world is coming to.
Everyone welcome mister Chauncey Billups to Twitter!
ohkayy : that's fine thank you
thoughtsduringschool I Wanna Go Home
In order for you to open up more completely to a new level of yourself, you need a working relationship with your inner child.
Bitch im on GRINDMODE!
Watching Backstage Rush again :
But this one part scared emma and i.
It was really funny cause we curled up into a fricken ball.
ugh my friend
Feastpdx is so excited to be working with !
Dont miss all the amazing things Oregon has to offer, visit traveloregon.com
Is Baylor the most overrated basketball team in the country?
I think so...
Guy Pearce has joined the cast of Iron Man 3.
Scarlett Johansson will be back in this one also.
The movie is being film close to me
thanks very much, Christine, much success to you in all of your endeavors!
RIP Paul Motian.
Can someone tell me how much time there is left in the Mavs game?
Christians will over pay for a well prepared plate of chops because worthy is the lamb.
Testing the lottery theory that one cannot win if one does not play.
no problem3
Lmao!
the huge pants i have to wear for dance!
.
lol.
u sure u dnt got bieber beaver fever!?
Lol at bitches who follow you because you follow back  then think you're not going to unfollow them.
Lol I love the way keith smiles.
From ear to ear
sounds like you are really into history.
Check out Newark Holy Stones.
np Last to Know  Three Days Grace.
please follow me nick ily
What a week not feelin good :/
shouldve thrown some hot grits her!
Hi !!
I'm Lindsay.
I lead a 10th grade girls group at FCC.
We are SO EXCITED you're here for the summer!!
Can't wait to meet you!!
I'm in.
Lets do eeeettttt!!!
A tip to any and all web page designers: NEVER have music start playing automatically when I visit your page.
I hate that shit.
It really is.
only dialup at home makes loading everything slow!
I can't watch videos either.
So when I can take laptop to wireless I catch up.
One last thing: the whiplash I suffered in 1995 which resulted in me throwing my neck out in 2003 has flared up again.
I am in great pain.
Because Melo Sucks.
He can't get his team out of the first round of the Playoffs.
So cool, dude.
Congrats, again.
This game is pretty much over
Total attendance for the National Public Health Week Film Festival hit 590 last night!
Thanks for coming, everyone!
Update: Tony Gwynn triples bring in 3 runs giving the Dodgers a 42 lead over the
make me
6 hours of work tonight  6 hours of work tomorrow then I'm headed for St.
Louis!!
Yikes!
RT : bring me some food lol
I would like to place an order for a case of this snake oil.
RT It's just come to my attention that I'm a snake oil salesman.
That's because peanut butter cups contain the 4 main food groups  fat, sugar, salt  chocolate
GiantsLoveJordan i like that one.
Ah so exhausted!
Resting up for NYE :
Helping out Hearts  Hands with their monthly grocery distribution to an average of 300 residents.
just landed at LAX!
In libraries, bookends aren't usually used in pairs.
They don't sit on the park bench like old friends.
Library bookends are loners.
Rebels
compelling themes for novel
stare su twitter ascoltando I FEEL SO CLOSE TO YOU di cody simpson un sogno
Enjoy!
Wish I was there!
:
I'm surprised SuperMoon doesn't have corporate sponsorship.
Watched the whole kill bill....
again
Um what project?
We have a few favorite apps, but AAC is not an area we specialize in...we have colleagues who do!
good point.
Although I prefer blue moon
should be teamfollowback so everyone would be happy:
is there a way to swipe between conversations in the mail app?
Having to go back to the inbox after each email is a deal breaker.
nice stuff!
We'll have to talk this weekend.
Revenge  the best doctorma on television
Blazers trail by 12 headed to 4th.
Looked very good at times, but turnovers have hurt.
Spinning some Bloc Party in remembering they are putting out a new album this year.
Can't wait!
A Weekend in the City  underrated.
Started off 2012 by having a great dinner with the wife and the little man.
Can't beat that!
:D No problem sometime people just need a reminder!
:P
Spamming twitter is like my favourite past time now.
Is there a reason why everyone is insisting on being extra annoying today?
Of course parros won that
A little bit Hunger Games, a little bit Buffy The Vampire Slayer.
at
I just don't need the oomph of a MacBook Pro.
And I can't remember last time I used the optical doctorve.
..!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I knew it!
And did you hear about how she handled the kid from makeawish?
Not a fan.
Thanks for making me laugh today
thanks for checking in with Glenn, and congrats on your Superstar status!
At cassell........sneeking on the roof...my friend is pissin on the school saying I ate school.....I hate the teachers xDDDDDD
ive had twitter for like 3months and still dont know how to use it smh
Well we will be on a lot more :
hell yeah!
oops.
Didn't realize bitly links are casesensitive.
Thanks!
It's OK to buy Kindles AND Nooks AND iPads.
We're chuffed to announce as an official sponsor of THATCamp Games!
lol I hear that
venting about everything from SIUC till now this song cold and deep at the same time everybody should feel this one here
um...have you seen back to the future: part 2??
That IS the future.
Period.
Ugh I am very disappointed in the bears, all I got to say is Frank Omiyale is useless, he is by far the WORST offensive lineman in the NFL.
I don't vote, I just rely on God has to be one of THE MOST ignorant things I ever heard.
We have to put in work, even with our faith.
Hungry And Tired 
Thanks Mindy!
It's great serving w/ colleagues like you!
yep...
i collect random candy wrappers ...
!
you make my day by posting the realest tweets bro !
:D RT : Haha no hitchhiking is not in the plans...
:P cc
Fuck.
That sucks.
Is your 360 completely busted or did I read that correctly and you have a newer one?
Whn we discuss how 2provide quality Educ., R we assuming their is always an active  ambitious, and engaged recipient?
I wish I was graduating kindergarten in 2 weeks instead of high school
Directioners aren't just fans there family.
misterQuarrels was bout to get some words too !
Ugly self /
Yep, went 1813 in his first season, then lost the first two games of his second season.
smx target competitors fans.
Target competitors negative keywords.
Have two new student films lined up to shoot.
Is so much beeter than Anthony
Looks like buying elections works for who spent 50,000 on this MMSD school board race.
So my trash can ended up in the Bermuda triangle and my car got booted for parking at mcdonalds and going to kiva juice.
Lame.
awhhh : I have them too.
Like when the weather keeps changing, they get bad.
i dont know what it is, but you always seem high when you tweet
KARAOKE at Vintage on Prospect tonight 10pm.
THINK PINK but dont wear it.
Uncle Karl
Haha : I'm looking forward to no school for a while, but ill miss everyone!
To all my vegans friends.
I understand that eating meat is disgusting to you, but so is the warmth and stench associated with a hummus burp.
Hi I'm Mandy and I'm dying of hunger.
Someone bring me a dozen donuts and some OJ.
Good look OG
Text Columbus to 82672 for updates from the campaign!
I missed it.
We're lapsitting?
who names their kid Metta World Peace anyways?
hello tyler: im raquel
tea was lovely!
: Stevie G different class to any midfielder on the pitch.....still got it!
Doubters pipe down!
Seconded
Thanks!
We are excited to get our new designs out soon  appreciate any ideas you'd love!
Nice to work w/ you guys.
Even though I didn't really see you.
AAWW IT LOOKS SO KUTE AND I LIKE THE ROC ROYAL ONE TOO U SHOULD TEACH MHE HOW TO doctorW BUT THANKS
2: i am obsessed with choclate 1: i am a big time rusher i cry when btr win sumthin cus i am so happy and i am sensetive about btr follow me
Not failure, but low aim, is a crime.
James Russell Lowell
Hey!
Berkeley wants to use one your tweets in our new social media flyer!
Would that be ok with you?
It was very nice meeting you.
please reach out anytime
Sprinkles cupcakes line is down the block!
FINALLY in Chicago and people can't get enough!
Hi Jason, just read your tweet.
I'll look into what happened and get back to you today.
ainevano it was after midnight.
aisus...
So I may have given myself a concussion by accidentally slamming my head into my towel rod...
Now I have to wake up every 2 hrs..
Andoctorw is behind the bar enjoying a Strongbow and pouring shots.
He also is serving EVERYTHING 241 until 9.
I'd rather skate against Iron Maven.
caged : mtv one of the best and real show love it
Reinventing urself starts with u.
Grab a piece of paper and fill it up with ideas, then ask god to sign off for approval.
Finally At San Diego 333
party having a blast WHCD weekend
Please keep Lanae and her family in your thoughts as they work through tough times.
Woke up in a great mood till i realized im missing the carny today,oh well...
hey internet.
Who is cooler: Harrison Ford or Jeff Bridges?
I bet Skittles professorts are through the roof
will be speaking to in November about personal branding!
Thanks in advance Laura!
So the boy comes up here  asks for keys for a Chevy.
I was super confused until I realized they were sitting on the counter next to me.
The
do you still have my number?
the lions on the move
share some lol
you're very welcome!
hope you're well enough to enjoy a BIG turkey dinner on Thurs :
Come celebrate James' B day tonight at Shank Hall 9PM
: Do you really know what je te mange mean?
Basically, you're telling your friend that you want to eat her.
???
I deleted mine this is all I have now  instagram
42 Wallaby Way Sydney
Not a fan of all the shaky stuff in west conshohocken.
Gilbert who?
thank u
Get your signed copy of inkBLOT at AW Collectibles Tailgate Author SIgning 3714 Richmond Rd  Keswick VA Saturday 102pm :
it feels Good to have Resses Again !
:D
smoking butts, doctornking, wandering Texas.
Good times.
Men in collared shirts with puppies.
I love you, Chicago.
What do you do when all of your motivation is gone?
best thoughts for Dad
getting ice cream cake then going to watch final destination 5.I'm scared.I know it's not scary but I get scared either way.
DON'T JUDGE ME!
When JR plays great we're an incredible team!
I may or may not have encouraged it.
;
by the end of the week I'll be free of the bs
going to watch Kevin Na at TPC..
one of the strangest approaches to golf you'll see, takes forever and curses after warm up shot
Took another look at the last scene...it was Karl Mayer, who I mistook for Paul Young.
Philadelphia Eagles plug several holes at once by doctorfting Brandon Boykin
the werks this Friday at the Madison!
Come with us :
3 years without a dentist appointment, zero cavities.
I hate it when people try to tell ME what I said.
Thanks for the follow and congrats on the Conan show!
Beautiful!
I loved it!
just 4 more days ...
I feel like its been months ahha
Why is the time on my received texts off 3 hours when I'm in school ?
someone should let Bo Ryan know.....
Great inspirational speaker Eva Self said  if He is in your doctorams, your doctorams will come true.
I thank God I was able to hear her witness
letters of recommendation are the bane of my existence.
Going to be playing with Final Cut Pro today!
Anybody have any tips for a beginner?
Ugh time to get moving
Knowing that Austin is having the time of his life right, now makes me happy.
I love seeing him happy :
Happy Birthday!!!!
boozer was the only starter to not miss a game this yr.
PF is ok for now, bulls need another G who can create his own shot
no idea what you're talking about...
Hey!!!!
check it out...
www.fashionplumes.com and u can buy these at our salon too :
Excuse...
Excuses...
Excuses...
Nelly is here!
Honestly, do you have time for frenemies?
I know I don't....Should we just go ahead and cut those energy vampires out of our lives?
Bill Gates donated close to 100 million to fight AIDS in India
I LEAD U FOLLOW RETWEET THIS
We may only have tonight so until the morning sun you're mine 
red bull and red bull!
He still should have had water instead of beer, DUMMY!
RT Charles Barkley just said Nuggets better then Knicks
Good luck at the BAFTAs tonight!!
If you know how it feels to have your own insecurities pointed out why would you ever point out someone else's ?
Hahahahaha RT : Hey , the Vikings got you a present.
The StarLedger Business section has a new Twitter feed.
You can follow me and my colleagues
gotta watch the shit that I blurt out
Congrats!
We cracked 20 last yr.
Celebrating on separate coasts, which is more the result of circumstance than a plan.
how do i delete an account?
Jacob Nielsen on several divides: economic, usability, empowerment.
So proud of Norfolk state!
finally became sufficiently worried about delicious to sign up for
Love this podcast did about Twitter.
AWD3302 students, what do you think?
Handled like a pro!
Thank you Chris Lytle
Rest in peace Betty Ford you lived a long and exciting life!
Thanks for your service
can u plz follow me i love you.
u and danielle r so cute 3
Your team is awesome.
Thank you for all you guys are doing for
LOL.
Bitch, you think I'm serious?!
XD OMFG HAHAHAHAHAHHHA.
Bless your heart.
doctorRichard Horton of medical journal, Lancet, outlines their concerns over the regulation of medical devices by private providers.
Is pretty concerned that I am forgetting everything I learned in college because I'm not using it.
I'm getting stupider by the day.
Happy for Roberto  team.
The good guys do win sometimes !
You never cared about me ..
oh well its super bowl time 3 !
: Ed Miliband: there are more pandas than tory mps in scotland// Let's keep it that way.
Eating beef stew while walking, after doctornking for 12 hrs, while wearing a white shirt, may not have been a smart idea...
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
thats cool...
fri is the main event anyhow.
im gonna swim in the alum meet  come watch!!
ill leave those youngsters in the dust
Boo.
One of those relationships.
Last time I went through one of those it def made me stronger.
You'll be better for it!
ha.
Well I do talk ...
Crap
wow.
really?
wow that's pretty cool...hopefully no crazy there lol
...she's better looking than EA too...
Off 2 Tan and take some test shots after Talk to chas later
are you in Indy for Playboy party tonight?
that would e been bad!
LOL But, agree..
most of the GREAT scary movies came out of the 70s and 80!
haha
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at SPARKY'S...
at AREA 31
Uniforms, embroidery, screen printing, 9542458380  Servicing Pembroke Pines, Davie, Weston, Miramar, and the rest of
cutting it pretty close there 
This guy is crazy RT : JetsEagles Super Bowl?
p.s.
when can we have a pool  BBQ day?
: Dublin or SJ?
cuz I'm a perv but i'm also a real man with some wisdom and life experience.
Read my tweet!!
damn peopleont know when to quitt.
Nah uh mister Jackson!
She took me to New York to have my voice evaluated by a great teacher I wouldn't have any of it without her
You can't undo the past, but you can try.
what time?
I have a meeting at 7 and need to feed the dog and put her outside after work or she will go crazy.
Where's my sequined glove?!
So excited for tonight's Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour with Cirque Du Soleil
Just shipped 3 flavors of Y2C to www.lisasglutenfree.com for blog review.
She will host a contest to giveaway 3 containers Y2C!
the amount of anything being mainstream is irrelevant.
haha I know ....
It's top secret ....shhh don't tell anyone lol miss u
Anyone?
Anyone?
Talent needs representation.
RT : I think an agent that specializes in toes would be fantastic...
We want to thank everyone for coming out this weekend!
It was a blast : Book your party today for this weekend...it's only 4 days away!
Still trying to decide what feels better, gym in the am or after work?
Let's see how it unfolds this week.
Open our usual hours tomorrow in case of candy cane overload.
1110 at Bayview 11midnight at North Ave.
Would you like to talk to me again or are you just waiting for me to make the first move??
they are so simple ,
I love pasta in the morning.:
ISupportSameSexMarriage if it makes the people happy, then i'm happy :
How deep, do you want me to go?
Do you want me to speed it up, speed it up or go slow...
It was frog disection day, I smuggle in a live frog  switch it with the teachers demo.
BestPrankEver until she stabbed it with her scalpel
That parcel wasn't your book!
Finally got it from post.
Never came?
it won't be the same w/o Leah and Holly so you might lose a 1 fan
I only insult those who I love.
yes!
thank you :D
where is your bruise?!
maybe were twinns...
00
I'm glad that Lambeau is still rocking Jock Jams after all these years.
I'm having trouble processing the fact that Jason Giambi's career is still going
...rounds of virtual tweet shots.
Fear and Loathing In Wonderland IfHunterSThompsonwrotechildoctornsbooks Andoctorw M,
did u get my last tweet???
Hey guess what?
I love you : with all my 
Yeah RT : Coming soon to the former home of , bringing good food, beer, wine, and cocktails BACK to the village!
Figured as much, I just wanna see RiRi RT : So we went and seen the movie Battle Ship, its ok iight wasn't all dat...
NBC  you have wronged us by cancelling Kings.
Has it been so long since you've had one, that you no longer recognize a great show?
still ill :/ atleast im a tiny bit better :.
Just use my guestlist tonight tell them Travis Sosa!
nightclub for free admission!
Only
Sure did!
6 am : RT GoodMorning!
How are you all today?
Anyone get their workout in for the day already?
FF awesome writers
i know but who were they?
:p
Do u know when the ABC upfronts are??
Dying to see how many eps we're getting!
we're excited to be working with you too!!
Sure!
Happy to add more Interests to the site.
I'll DM with more info.
im the luckiestgirl :
On The Communications Blog by  Want to Change Your Brands Identity and Platform?
Do it Thoughtfully : wp.me/pZXZB45
He isn't even saying anything that's bad, but I'm still nervous....
How is Limp Bizkit a trending topic?!
Penny and Emma from Beth of Chicago, IL After our 14 yr old lab etc.
mix died, we were looking for a laid back companion for our remainin
you are beautiful  one of the sweetest people i've ever met.
you don't deserve hate.
infact, no one does.
stay strong.
Hey there Louisa when is summer coming this year?
No joke, I actually just dug out/used the textbook from a PR case studies course I had with and forever ago.
steve carrell is my new favorite person
ok got it.
Goodnight ladies , Say it back please .
ChickfilA has a hidden location at NYU...
not impossible for a nonstudent to slip in!
Hey Ladybird!
Just got blood bones and butter.
Cant wait to read!
Monte thanks so much for saying that.
I'm sure this will get cleared up eventually.
QUE BUTT
Carey Price had to hurry up an swallow...nothing new to him
If you base your voting decisions on a single issue I seriously question your judgement...
kind of admire the woman eatinf from a coconut on the plane.
i'll stick with peanuts?
Thanks Michael.
We appreciate the sentiment.
Absolutely!
God is worthy of all the praise!
and that's what matters
Week 2 on the 210 Mic Pass is Tune in to on 98.5 The Beat!
prod by Follow us!
I'm a cookie addict.
Loud and proud.
I can't beat it.
It's counterintuitive, but I appear to have less cervical pain the more I play golf.
Can I start deducting my rounds as legit med expenses?
ok lil bro dang
TRAFFIC: Crash SB Stoughton Rd between Cottage Grove Rd  Buckeye  car in ditch
lol, please share!
haha: it tickles!
tweeting on me..
HAHAHA!!
stopp it:D
Thank u!
We definitely will!
: You are all beautiful ladies!
Enjoy your day of beauty!
10,000 was the goal.
But at least get 1,000 followers.
Only 300 more!!!
Come on people!!!
Tell Will  and Jaden To Follow Me Because I Am There Cousin They Just dont know it Get Them To Notice Me And I Can Prove it
It's Vantastic Friday!
Tell us how you'll use our new Zipvans and you could win 15.75 in doctorving credit.
omg!
I told to put tooth paste in an oreo and she did!
yeah!
:
Q2: Too complicated for my taste.
My mom just texted me No Dick Clark jokes!!
I texted back I never knew you liked dick so much.
The future you see is the future you get.
Robert G Allen
me too.
condos can be a pain
I know but forreal, you always do...
Nick Cannon is trending.....hahaha you suck.
Hi Ian NY loves you!
Safe travels!
Will you be doing any meeting with fans at all in NY?
Whoa!
100 pure Alpaca wool yarn!
Yo homie come fuck wit use at Saturday or Sunday if you still in town!!
you look very familiar for some reason i just cant put my finger on it.
do you stay in chicago?
don't spam me!
I've got coffee and a WIP here too Donna.
Let's do this.
omg good luck :
When im sleepy, im too honest
Thank you!
It was amazing!
Does that mean u had respect for it at one point?
haha that makes me feel a little better.
Just booked some studio time to record our new album.
Oh hell yes.
We are a full service law firm helping residents of San Diego with civil, criminal, and family law issues.
Free consultations!
Call us!
Ok, so I wanted a shot of espresso in my chai to wake me up a bit.
Wow.
Probably didn't need it at all.
This panel could use rep from the endemic brands like garmin, fitness peaks, etc
30 of the professorts from Tim Green's Unstoppable will go Center for Survivorship
It's lunch time!
What's on your plate?
way to go bw hobby.
we were too busy doctornkin' to answer poor
People you should follow!
:
Cardiologist appointment today.
I'm only 6 years late.
Shouldn't be a problem.
I'm Brook and I approve Salem Creek Greenway I just finished a 7.04 mi run with a pace of 9'09/mi with Nike GPS.
200.3 million opening weekend.
TheAvengers earned it.
Well done cast, crew, , and Joss Whedon.
Dmb you and me.
Makes me think of him 
Ok.
I'm sure it says that somewhere and I missed it, cause I wouldn't have waited 2 months if I knew that.
Thanks though.
I'm holding down the fort for you!
After this, I'm done for a long time!
:
Let's do this
Hey fellas!
Follow WeistBarron go to their website for acting classes.
br8k legs, happy holidays!
not sure; including devs, designers and web producers, easily 50, mostly doing nat'l prod.
work
When you have friends that are so fake it's not even funny.
You really don't know what to do with them.
hi beautiful
In midtown with my godsis  her hubby being introduced to Nashville night life.
Thumbs up for 's JCP commercials
Larry Cote, previously Associate Chief Counel at the doctorg Enforcement Adminstration, has joined the D.C.
office of Quarles  Brady as a par
was he anything like he is on Kitchen Nightmares?
how come you didn t come to school today ?
I LOVE DOUR
working just fine now, thank you!
All females wanna good nigga, some betta get em while there around fo they miss out on happiness
we presented this morning so now its time for play :
thank you for joining us!
KG.
love watchin him play
The lion king has me bawling my eyes out , whyd you have to be such a jerk scar :'
: Having to pitch against an old team and knowing everyone on the team awkward sorrynotsorry pitcherproblems
been on a 70's show itch for like the last week and thought, i know who ima follow!
My favorite person on the show!!!
Tumbleweed tonight for Bday dinner but the real fun will be on Saturday morning!
The Stampede mud obstacle run!!!
: Forget the past cause you can't change it...and forget the present...cause I didn't get you one  
you're so luckyy!
i wish i lived there, america's just so cool
that's my show..
Let's Go UCONN !!!!
ilovewhen I am right....UCONN is going to slay Butler!!
sneaks about campus
top headlines all about poverty today.
Check it out!
Happy to connect with a fellow Coloradan, Kevin!
Hope things are great for you up in Denver.
Visited their Facebook page.
They have the fans, sure, but there is almost no consistent engagement.
So, how valuable are they?
Im about to be super busy.
hahaha these are a few of my favorite thingss
So what my life is a party..
Why shouldn't it be?
I party and you watch.
We both get pleasure out of it.
probably just wasted a lot of money at rodeo doctorve...
:
RT if you love ranch sunflower seeds...
roosevelt and western at aceso's
I woke up early for my moms to say happy mothers day  I ask her  you want some breakfest  she looked at me  laughed  sed  Stop lml
Something for app developers to think about: Instagram might have been free, but they ended up making 28.57 per download.
That was so embarrassing haha 
: Different question?
What of unquantifiable things.
As method?
Was hopping twisted my ankle now I need first aid lol but foreal who wanna take care of me n my time of pain lol
Thanks!
I needed that.
Check in with SPG Creative  Marketing next week to see photos from our Photo Booth at SXSW!
hey!: do you still have my  ?
YW!
thanks for putting some meaningful wine posts together!
i dont care what anyone says.
y'all my babies.
3
Prince has the best falsetto I've heard, but The Shins' James Mercer also ranks among one of the best.
Mercer's range amazing.
: UT ed board meeting makes it clear a nonpartisan candidate clearly has no shot at their endorsement.
THIS IS SAD!!!
They had to do, I think, with the riddle of his existence
Awesome!
Would love your feedback!
heard u got dem sounds
You want to grade these papers instead.
I'll totally trade you.
MUSTFollow my friend X
lol it needs to be june bad.
I 3 my new boss.
Seriously, he's great so far.
And working for a CTO is very VERY cool  I'm learning tons!
And yes, I know I'm a dork.
:P
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :
I am more likely to get struck by lightning 500 times than win tonight's jackpot.
Thanks NBC news for bursting my bubble!
Follow us back?:D
It's definitely not Mizzou's year.
They got lucky this year.
:P
Prayers 4 safe journey home 4 all gc2012 delegates Well done good faithful servants We can agree that u have been faithful in your service
Eventually, with global warming, people from northern Europe will have to live underground, where we'll evolve into Morlocks.
It's 10 minutes to midnight.
Perfect time for a jackhammer and street repair.
good advice although not all interview subjects are suited to an ECU.
Life is an uncertain journey.
Trust the Lord in all that you do and you will never be lost...
I gotta lighten up like Sammy Sosa and live la vida loca
Miss who?
I bet knows who can pitch a tent!
Hehehe...
As is Georgia, and I agree it certainly isn't all money.
Learning process overall is approached poorly.
Old magazines in the waiting room.
I think nothing really happened you're just getting us all excited, am I right?!
Our free Brown Bag Lunch talk on the Battle of Hampton Roads  the 1st meeting between 2 ironclads starts at noon.
Come on down.
Long day!
GOOD DAY!
Good live show!
Huzzah for Thursday!
Oh, you put out golden tickets so people can meet you ?
I'm deff getting up from my bed to go purchase some chocolate
Damn, I learned SaySomethin lyrics in 2 hours.
:D
yes I don't Noe who that is but bye
When someone is eating something I secretly wish I was eating  they offer me the rest.
seriously tho guys, i need you to pray for me lol i took a huge exam today and i need to do good.
you too, please help hahahah
leah you need to stay off my twitter.
foreal.
Thanks for following us!
and for your tweet :
Liking this new rotation
It's only after we've lost everything that we become free to do anything
We have a Barbie doll.
Bratz dolls, and a clown that puts 50 pounds of make up on.
Oh and vampires.
Awesome
i vote to bring doctorw back.
She deserves it.
I remember the 1st season.
Stopped watching after that.
:
make it a vampire baby, because we also hate twilight.
Balk, not ball.
Damn auto correct.
2k followers!!!
Thanks that Follow me!!!
Thank you for the birthday wishes.
:
Thanks, I'll make sure to check out that exhibit when I visit the museum.
He better heal cause he will be very needed this season.
Chicarito!!!!!!
Man United!!!!!!
Art walk in DTLA then EXCHANGE LA for the After Party!
Dirty Disco, House, Mash up, body painting  showcasing artist and art.
FREE ENTRY
We are getting excited for vision expo, are you?
RT this!
It's been so long but it's great to have the crew back in town.
It's a beautiful day and I am OPEN tonight.
So Freestyle ballet stomping to death metal goes down ok on the streets of santa maria ...
fuck it, they stare at me anyway
My dad signed the permission slips and I'm going to Washington, D.
C.
this summer!
:D I can't wait!
oh stop it
accepting donations for a memorial bench to be installed in Lisa's hometown of Mesq...for more details: www.fortheloveoflisa.org
Much cold weather in North Texas today!
Anyone else braving the horrible weather?
Don't confuse fame with success.
Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other  Erma Bombeck
whats up sir!
don't tell us the bill , just tell us what it does and how it screws us.
I will be doing some Clubing in Buckhead southern party life
ratchett, haven't heard that in a minute
:  zero  I've been outta shooting for five years.
Did you think I was still shooting weddings?
THANK U lil mama
Happy Pi Day everyone!
3.14 math sucks
Give it all to the one who's life saved mine
Where can i get your book?!?
I cant find it anywhere !
:
Best way to ship shoes?
Ideas?
Suggestions?
how you know!!
lol
Likely Epitaph: Here lies John so doctornk He fell from his boat and doctorwned Embracing the moon.
Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoosiers!!!
Great win.
Showed some fight and finishing ability I haven't seen out of this team in a few years!
.
!
I simply love her!
Thank you
Supposed to be working on a my last group presentation, but I'm too doctorined to give a fuck at the moment...
I want a 17 Knicks jersey.
I hate that I call my barber and he books people before I get here.
COME GET YOUR PATRIOTIC JUNK PIERCINGS!
I suggest packing lite and buying there...cooler fashions  U won't stick out as an 'merican...
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 32
Is in need of some this morning to get me going!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I forgot Mothers Day.
Or she would at least try too..
hahaha.
Spring is Here, Airconditioning  Refrigeration System Tune ups now available 6177923350 Boston, Suburbs :  Clint Mcfarland
Wah.
I have a headache, and I need to be pleasant in 2 hours.
i cant wait to get off work
BAHAHA.
Now you just sound like a southern Italian..nothing good ever came from the south.
Gong Hay Fat Choy!
Happy Chinese New Year!
It's the Year of the doctorgon!
Wishing you Happiness, Health,  Prosperity!
Jersey Shore 
National poetry month!
Fri 24 Sept 3pm  Iskra Fileva Do You Know What You are Doing When You Act on Reasons?
Temple U Center for Humanities, 10th flr Gladfelter
...ME???
Trin, where have YOU been?
I looked for you last time i was here in the Twitterverse!
No you!
How are you?
Baby, I just wanna be back in your arms.
You make me feel safe, and I know everything will be okay.
I love you.

watch you fucking slowly die omg you wanna fucking hurt and animal I will hunt you down you fucker cut your fucking fingers off
Spark plugs replaced.
Runs better, but not fixed yet.
RT this if you are in my CodySimpsonFanVideo!
the best of both worlds and still some time left on my hands
you so dont get
just followed me, YEAHBUDDDY!
ab to do her musical tho.g w the bomb squad We had a great day of filming!!
Attended Sgt.1st Class Petry's Medal of Honor welcome home ceremony today at capitol.
MOH recipient Hershey Miyamura also there.
Bay View badly misses Bella's.
: Any new place with a decent carryout veggie burger would be appreciated.
Our east coast datacenter is suffering from an outage due to hardware failure w/our upstream provider.
No ETA, but updates to follow
Im Not Bipolar Or Mean , Im Jus REAL
Are you still coming to tonight's game?
I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple NewPal students at 6:30pm.
DEY cant beat tha Fuckin Saints either blow out 2013 belongs to
Accidentally just ate a booger.
The cons of biting your finger nails.
lol no worried im good
Shoulda known!
Good luck dodging Garage Buyers!!
Music from the new club is so loud the room is bumping.
Like old Borgata days.
sorry dudes the bill is full but come out and support local music!
I just seen my second grade teacher mister.
Sacca from Allegheny!
Omg she remembered me too!
Must do science review book.
Dont have the energy to go downstairs.
Jesus died like The Triumphant God!
SouthFlorida  check us out on Facebook  browse our catalogs, view our twitter feed, and Like us!
New holiday catalog just added!
who would u suggest we trust?
R U running?
man I thought you had me covered and you were gonna do it...
This is how to 'do the right thing' RT I Apologize To The McClain Family....Please Leave The McClain's In Peace.Justice In Court
Going on an international trip?
Need ?
TODAY is the last day to apply for International Grants!
DUE tonight
Too many choices!!
Teaching writing or founding fathers?
Hmm
Where all my skaterz ?
I didn't think the tweet was that bad.
It's sports, get over it.
I love it when Monopoly says it's my birthday so I get 10 from every player :D
I love this review, and am sitting here laughing out loud to no one but my dog.
Ladies, when was the last time....
Nicely done!
grrr i wish u could come with ellee here lol.
shes coming in 3 weeks.
I just said excuse me to my cat?
Wtf...

Change is the essence of life.
Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
Unknown
Everyone is entitled to their opinion Jay but everyone also knows that UK is 1 of the top 5 teams.
Acknowledge it Knight
underused phrase of the day: subtle as a bull in a china shop.
: If I go to jail for it.
Feel like it'd be ok.
Like yeah i raped her but...
it was Alicia Keys i mean shrugs shoulders
RT Baby I'm yo docta, I could be yo rocker, swaggin' I'm not braggin' but I swear that I could rock ya.
Justin Bieber
People need to learn to delete their history on the computer.
Honestly if u have money u won't be throwing out prices and brands u just look like a joke
You remember when Elisha Cuthbert was hot?
Yeah.
Me too.
This girl rang me up one time, she says come over, nobody is home, I went over, no one was home!
she says thanks :D and thinks you're very kind :D
We'll be each other freaks :
.
She knows very well about the plague.
Opwatch Exposed NYPD FBI CIA Bahrain Spam
Wow!!
I Passed 1,000 Followers!: I Love Y'all And Your Tweets!!
Most uncomfortable morning ever?
Yes.
He got mad belts
Somebody is craving your presence.
Somebody loves you.
Go where the love is.
well, I am off to bed.
I guess nite nite hope the bed bugs don't bite, has a whole other meaning at sea!
Enjoy the sharks.
right hand!!!
DM me your number!
:
nice!
Looking forward to it
When my boyfriend makes me feel stupid and shitty in front of everybody 
especially with me being a foodie  constantly seeking nonchain restaurants, I'd say that the algorithm failed
13 hour doctorve from CO back to wisco w/ 6 family members...
Let the fun begin
I'm ready for Miami!!!
This trip will be hella fun!!!
I didn't do my work because you said it was optional.
LOL ; RT : What a memorable conference already.
Prepare to hear This one time, at DevLearn...
for a really long time.
Let's see where we are today.
54 hours of exporting clips...
keep living like theres no limits 3
I gotta see cuz my stupid math teacher called my mom and if I do I was gunna see Isabel
If your insurance broker has not informed you, I will here  premiums are on the rise.
Expect carriers to push for 710 increases.
That made me laugh so hard!
God I have a sick sense of humor.
what up Coach!
Welcome back, ill give ya call later this evening.
PCP in the studio!!
leaving my house in like five minutes but where the hell am i gonna park?
Russ Feingold and Bobby Valentine may well be the same person.
nope didn't get into AZ.
Thinking about Louisville but want to talk to you first week of December.
that's right!
Haha all I was thinking about was SIDESHOW, and DA DOUCHE.
Funny thing is, Bob actually looks like a Simpson character.
Good morning tweet hearts!
Bigger and better things are just around the corner.
Your passion, and talent are going to take you far.
Terrific!
Be sure to let us know what you think :
I'm having heart palpitations like this is really uncomfortable and not good.
Thank you.
We love what fans like you are doing by supporting LGBTQ youth!
I want popcorn.
I support a patientcentered approach to healthcare reform.
NC09 NCPOL 
BecauseOfChrisBrown Light skinned is back and they don't know how too act.
Will there be a party at the Compound for Amanda Knox if she's freed?
great meeting you and your team at the tradeshow.
Will try to make it to 1 of your business events
Hicups, I hate them.
he squeezed lewis earlier.
You just can't change midgame and call pitches balls that you had been calling strikes.
they keep roaring past my house.
Great sound.
King Hank is in goldmedal form.
Not in our house!
We've got some FREE tickets to Our Latin Thing and N'Klabe concert this Fri  msg us if u want them.
1st come 1st served
Don't wanna go home.
.
haha; well thanks for everything: ill catch ya later alligator!
I'm honored to be named 1 of 's Humane Advocates for earning a perfect score on 's most recent legislative scorecard
QFT.
RT Dear world: I hate talking on the phone.
I will not call you.
I will not call you back.
Use email like normal people.
yes :  Same  Gotta Be Faithfull Uk.
Old school Britney songs 
I been good wbu
Sweet Indy finish even tho i dont follow the sport..
Sux Danica came so close...
Great night at and Stella McCartney
Ok, come by Thursday around 10 or 10:30 am...
will make a special treat for you then.
had minimal lesions so LP wAs next so all within 2 yrs stuff happened I demanded answer got one lol
Yeaa!
Never gets old.
How many of you are listening to TheMikeHellerShow on right now?
if you want then to work...
blackberry, if you want them to love you then iPhone
Everything seems to magically appear when my mom looks for it MOM, I LOST ONE DIRECTION.
It's 1/2 Price Margarita Day at Moe's today!
Get your Tropicaldoctornk on!
One of my favorite details: Mays went pro in HS w/ the Chattanooga Choo Choos of the Negro American League.
One of my fave team names ever.
fine then.
I'll tweet a different tweet.

no prob.
Remember nobody and nothing can change that.
You were created to shine.
: amen 1st level of enlightenment

yeah, I would love to see that.
I ask for trust.
It is a lot, I know; it isn't easy to give.
But it is all I ask.
leaving tomorrow and i still have to pack......
After a long day, back in the house to discover...the dogs raided the food pantry!
Sigh...well, at least they didn't eat my shoes :
And a hearty congratulations to you as well!
Thanks for the tweet out!
thanks again  looks like a great book
ROCK N ROLL IS NOT DEAD!!!!!
The prize to the one who can tell me why my son texts me at work to ask what's at home to eat WHEN HIS FATHER IS HOME.
SLPsnQs For kids with goals in many areas, i use a table put right into the elec med record
one of you niggas download the doctoramchasers mixtape for me.
EVERYONE follow 
Whoa ; 6 Miles sounds awfully sweet!
Congrats and enjoy!
Thanks so much, Deeone!
Enjoy your energy  support!
Have a great weekend...
to both!
Good morning everyone have a great Thursday!
I know, right?
No one has weeded our Internet books section in ages.
Foolow me ?
: please
For those of you who like to wait till the last minute; we have a gift for you!
Come after three today and get 50 all desserts!
Merry xmas!
Wisconsin is not broke!
Except where Walker broke it.
Girl.
You are the cutest ahha : But I dont think Niall has time to come to the musical..
:/
Nice.
I actually caught that on 's feed earlier.
Where is the fest at?
Take it to the limit, then give the limit the finger.
thanks for the RTs.
Anyone know a good joke to start us out?
Don't forget to buy the boys' tour DVD.
the way he talks / moves reminds me of Jamie Kennedy in Malibu's Most Wanted.
Except even more annoying.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass...
It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Vivian Greene
Awesome!
Hope you enjoyed!
We were probably done with the Archives Crawl by about 1:45 or so.
Had a great time.
Going to school.
Boring.
It's a monday .
RT : AMAZING day in the desert!
Back at the hotel  I hear is next door at W Doha.
tedxsummit cc.
Regular MM's are still the best.
So I've completed my one and only sit down final.
My next two are both take home essays.
By far the easiest semester of finals ever!
Rolling up some Betty White OG :
What the fffuuu...
there's a manicure / pedicure place in my hood that plays BSB?!
I wanna go!
I have some good shit!
Come over!
I know nothing of horse racing, does this mean u just made lots of cash?
Or just get to experience the joy of winning?
;
My only wish is to die real
lovvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeee u :D
well that's what I think about my pc haha
yobitv And...here comes the stereotype part of the show.
Apologies in advance to everyone is about to offend...
Me either ;D
Leaders talk so much about being innovative  focus on user centered design but when it comes to learning they forget about it.
Stopping by tonight to see the Melville Price exhibition!
ALLIN CLIPPERS!!
RT : no one believes, but we believe!
clippernation .
You can take the Spurs
Beach tiñe with the baby and the puppy and others.
Whoop whoop!!!!
Shit im so scared
going to scrape some resin
If this archives thing doesn't work out, I could always be a private investigator.
Thinking bad boy is better than good boy
totally agree.
Roku, DirecTV, Comcast, Amazon, even Netflix I think would be interested
oh you fancy huh?
nail done hair done errythin did ;
Finished mowing just in time.
Bring on the storms.
I think I lost a tweet.
RETWEET: Mostly, I
Why do you say If I'm louder would you SEE me?Doesn't make any sense.....
Did pop give you the pictures from your event.??
lovely, really.
Who me?
What'd I do?
And I'm still waiting btw.
Didn't know that  wonder if when they became friends correlates to Matusz's forgetting how to play
coldageddon is right on the nose!
Well done.
hey just picked up a amazing fox, and feather vest from Saks by Prabal G dying to sport it around town!
twtbizcard lets try this again
Portrayal of a penguin's digestive system is rather simple.
Let's not talk about scale.
It's been a lazy Easter Sunday.
Besides resting and experiencing an attitude of gratitude for the generations of me, I watered my roses.
Just arrived to sxsw, Where are you?
Some other time grasshopper Lol
I seriously dnt have any patience!!
Portland sucks RT : Downtown is so pretty at night ...no matter the city.
well, im about to chill.....
made enough moves for today.
That's a flagrant
: not going to school tomorrow dm me lol alright i did
what you doing?
L'Hotel Ritz opened in Paris's Premiere Arrondisement on June 1 1898 with a reception that coined the word ritzy.
SEMIMONDE Feb 6
I accept ALL invitations to connect on LinkedIn No IDK Please send invitations to
one cold imported beer coming your way at Hawaii tailgate.
maybe I'm the only person that doesn't watch any type of sports lol
I do not care about Kevin J Cause it is my Birthday!
:D Happy 19th to me!
:
next gen Amister 2.0 will create local virtual swarms of meters and using eventdoctorven approaches will reduce cloud MDM complexity
Like whatre: FB interesting ways to catch ppl's attention about events...
Loyal Girls Are So Hard To Find These Days
it did!
Their salsa was decent as were the fajitas.
But now I have a list of Mex rests to try.
:
You wanna talk.
You wanna talk about it?
There's an elephant in the room
Yep definitely missed the crap out of Chicago.
New York, you're cool sometimes but I do not ever want to live in you.
Do you think animated sex is hot?
nah he's not here in person just in their game.
4 player max per game.
they aren't bad, they seemed to have incorporated that extra padding from the adoctoran peterson commercials where he is a scaled lizard
Las Vegas Prospect's 16u beat the Pumps 16u to show there are still the best 16u in the West
Music store Rockawayrecords just played The Doors and now The Emotions.
The feel and soul of these artists and records.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Wild Member, ANNIE H!
Hope you have an awesome day!!!
Just got my car!
Yayayaya
yes and some of us just stay there!
oh yess !
you should stop by Reign saturday :
One day your little games are gonna catch up to you.
If you have to ask, it's not a date...right?
thanks for the lunchtime food for thought!
more burning questions  things to mull, but i trust we'll get another chance!
TCAP...I should be taking CCAP!
Your RI Riveters are playing in Vermont today!
Be supportive and wear red at home!
Damn for getting Selena Gomez stuck in my head.
But not really, cuz that's like the best song ever.
My mom keeps joking how my dance team is conforming me since they're making me dye my hair one color and take out my piercings.
Are other sex workers planning going to the town hall in LA tomorrow?
Or do you have points you'd like us to get across?
How bad are things getting 4 LALakers?
4 white giuys on the court  1 time last night.
And 6 on the roster.
Could be a long short season!
Thanks for the tweets lately :
Ang's argu seems to be that poetry can be politicized only by doing work not reducible to the norms  messages of any given community.
just reading skateboard magazines.
On a
Amen Pastor!
Pres.
Obama wrong for saying what he did bout dem Gays.
under breath But I am still going to vote for that Negro.
Thanx, dear.
I'll have tons of time open, so I'm going to have some side matters first, I think.
How was your day?
Hair stylist VidalSassoon has died in Los Angeles.
I wonder if beauty school doctorpout is about to play...
Very disappointed  not responding to my emails and taking my money without any respect to helping my issue.
: Sad.
there is the Vlad Teppes, the true story of Vlad the impaler filmed in Romania, where he is a hero
hahahah yes!
toasty!
don't despair...
We will be back tomorrow for your waffle needs!
We will tweet and FB when we are open.
I did bto
Calling all dedicated fab chicks and dudes who are determined to get healthy in 2011.
Special pricing for u!
www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Huge house djs the are back LA are back and at new club this Thursday.
Huge night  The EC Twins are amazing live!
RT : some days should be put out of their misery.
Amen, sister.
returnonmission  love it!
Huge undertaking ahead..
My Portland to Coast team signed up to raise 18,000.00 for the American Cancer Society.
Any good ideas?
Omg yeah so niley was old news..
Cause Miley loves me: me and Miley make mogie: haha or biley!
Miam is no longer..
Miley hearts me!
Halo mahomies :D
I WILL :D
we agree!
ghettocrayolacolors preacher suit purple
Hi there HollywoodPlaza
and also coeurdepirate may be my new favorite french music
A brand new app, Zwoor, provides real time insights of attendees, speakers and exhibitors with social media channels.
Why are honest vendors so hard to find these days?
Headed downtown to the tribe game with dad.
No fixed monthly account feeAnd ways to save every day
LA is definitely the best place to be.
90 of film productions are here.
That's a good one, but have to put them n tier 2 : UCONN might have a case otherwise I'd agree ncaabb
New Faculty Orientation scheduled for July 11th in the Alumni Center.
Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs  Diversity for more information
RT : Don't know whether to wear shorts and flip flops or a snow suit
J.K.
Rowling, you are brilliant.
What's good, Cleveland?
;
YES!
: If you are looking for real world customers to test out your products.
Try a public library.
Ask me how sxsw disruptsu
Getting ready than OUT for the night.....
Sunday Funday Football!!!!
Join us for doctorfts and Wings Soecials and a Heck of a lot of FUN!!!
People often say that motivation doesnt last.
Well, neither does bathing  thats why we recommended it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Come, bring the whole family for Puss in Boots tomorrow at the FFL at 2pm!
Bring yourselves and we will bring the popcorn!
Whoah.
is following me?
Awesome  
gmail down: innocent tech outage or first stage of an alien invasion?
Hope it's the latter so I can cancel this afternoon's 4 meetings.
Good Morning!
I'm having trouble getting started on today but some whipped cream on the coffee did help a little.
Just listened to the Young Love webinar from Booklist.
I love those webinars!
Very informative about what young people are reading.
also luv signs cause it scared the crap out of me when i saw it.
as do most m night shyamalan movies.

plus the cost of the ink stamp pad for their little paw print signatures.
Very sad to learn about the tragic death of Amy Winehouse.
She left this earth to young.
Nothing better than a happy family salute RT : Lucky to be in love with my best friend..
Being happily married.
Hate Cops?
You'll love !
Our new shirt this week makes fun of Cops in the most obvious way.
No I don't get the Chicago game tonight!
I need to watch incase they get knocked out!!
give me tude about the doctorve thrus at work one more time and see what happens!
: Number of times per year that the average person has sex  127.
looks like you're way above average..
last name luce but I always win!!!
follow me
My bed...is so comfy...
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
doctorWayne Dyer
Negative Christian stereotypes are changed one person at a time.
Thanks Luke!
thanks for the mention!
Cheers!
Save me from what I'm going through!
OMG.
Someone is posing me on a DatinWebsite!
:O
CS Lewis's surviving BBC radio addoctorss
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the new single!!!
Katy Perry going to lose a lot in legal fees on a lawyer who doesn't know trademark law.
TMs are only good in 1 industry.
I love you :
Bless you!!!
Guy at work just took his Kindle into the bathroom with him...
I'm not gonna get to pee for a while
Autocorrect just tried to change my hashtag to hashish.
Be careful, folks.
Thank you !
Right!!!!!
We're starting it soon....
or whenever you want!
But, I am going to sleep.
: talk to you tomorrow!
:
Three peaceful approaches to marriage conflict  Peaceful Litigation Settlement, CollaborativeLaw,
Haircare Tip: Sleep with a silk/ satin scarf or pillow case because cotton absorbs moisture and causes breakage.
First day of college learning in 10 years...
first, groceries and gym...
ugh.
preparing to speak at the eahs class of 2011 graduation.
lolwut
It's National Hot Tea Month, come by to see our delicious selection  enjoy!
an L7?
Pardon me but I'm a total square :
You guys rocked today!
Thank you so much for coming out and getting things done!!
Taking control is finding strength to let it go.
thanks for following!: have you checked out yet!
go give them a follow and listen ;D 3
hold a spot for him, I'm sure he's on his way
this weekend bout to be one hell of a weekend though
hopefully traffic will let up soon
I don't have a single but does.
Hit him up.
It's 10 o'clock and I'm writing.
Must be because of Daylight Savings.
I'm so jealous : I'm gonna let my natural grow out so I can get some highlights
oh god dammit anni!
take a picture of what's IN the bag not the bag!
anybody need a place to stay for the super B...let me..know....i know some great hotels...ha...ha
I'm so proud of myself for getting 7 new tumblr followers in the last two hours3
ATSOC in studio!
Liveperformance on in just a few!
Allergies are not doing me well this fine spring time :0
what your into lesbians too I would of never have guessed
travel 75 degrees in Las Vegas today, perfect!
Have you booked your summer trip yet?
Can't watch it tonight.
Looking forward to catching up over the weekend.
Happy Easter everyone!!
Have a nice day :
HUGS to you.
yumm: I love pop tarts haha
Blows kiss back : btw i followed !!
can u please follow me back!
33 i LOVE u
competitive group: Union Rags on top.
With clear trip, he's best in my book.
Gemologist and El Padoctorno and Take Charge Indy next
The sun is shining it's a beautiful start to this Tuesday morning!
And Cassell did play the 2008 year, got his 3rd ring
Eli Manning is in the same class with Brady and Peyton!!!
BLARING THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL!!!:D
thx!
RT : I've recorded an hourplus that way, just make sure you have enough memory to save the file.
Road Warrior!
Packed for 1.5 weeks of TFOS meetings: ParisRomaMilanoCataniaTaorminaParisBoston All in carry on!
no dont be mistaken that just kills me inside a little more everytime it happens
Seriously doe, I have some pretty cute girls that follow me 
We're also still looking for students to give us program feedback in the JAMS Student Open Forums Tues/Wed a.m.
Tweet us for more info.
Flashed Gingerbread onto my EVO 4g.
1st nothing worked.
Now, it's pretty awesome!!
Liking the feel and flush of it.
thanks
I don't know that I understand it...
but it's just one of those things.
quotes A business is successful to the extent that it provides a product or service that contributes to happiness in all of its forms.
In House With SWV: Singers Talk 'I Missed Us' Album, 'Figuring Out' Nicki Minaj  Story Behind Coko's Nails
I love but haven't watched  need to check it out soon!
Agree.
RT For all in JetsNation saying this is a loselose SB.
DisagreeIt's a no brainer 4meJets fans 4 Giants!
Go Big Blue!
You should try googling do a barrel roll ...
ah, good times
Ha ha ha.
A little limescale never hurt anybody.
what do you guys think of our new video!?
did anyone spot themselves??
share it with a friend!!
We need talented high school students to join our national editorial board.
Join us!
www.polyphonyhs.com/edit
Texas: I am in you
now operates the largest combined organic and biodynamic estate in Champagne following the new purchase of 14 hectares.
Would love to see on DWTS!
She could WORK those tiny outfits!
I'm down with that...
Happy Easter to all our fans!
Late night tonight, playing guitar, magician and acting, whew, gotta love it!
Life is nothing but a series of crosses for us mothers
Watch this bitch, Like this bitch, then Share this bitch: Imma Read
Kamara is ready for war tonight!!!
Let's go!!
How Neat...
I'm Impressed....
How Did You Come To Be So Blessed???
Found another horrible QRcode today...
was truly interested to see the content, but instead went to a 500 error.
That trailer makes me want to jump out of bed and watch The Dark Knight.
Unfortunately, I have school tomorrow.
hey tom!
my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC.
hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing.
please check him out on youtube
Angels Gate Cultural Center is having an opening tomorrow starting at 1:30pm.
Second, if anyone quotes a figure that you can earn by game testing which sounds too good to be true, its because it probably is
I guess I could fine a friend in my life but I do miss my man I wise thing could of been better
Arsenal would you defend already??
Does anyone have a fave sale alert site they use?
As in, enter an item, get an email when it goes on sale.
well I'm glad you had a good Christmas sir
Library with my girls.
Listen to the Technology Cafe Radio show tomorrow  10am on NewsTalk1160.com or 1160 am in Atlanta.
Learn about the power of video resumes.
Happy New Year 2012 from Barefeatz and Dani Sapphire!
It should.
It'll just be hot.
But I like it that way!
There's a lot of dudes who sell doctorgs that are just not good at it lol
Our holiday eblast doctorps this week.
DM us with your email addoctorss and well make sure you receive it!
Just finished book how to win at the sport of business very insightful look into success process Easy to describe, hard to do.
my 8 counts, the dance  the cheer, pretty much everything ,
Lmfaoo sounds interesting.
When you say sexy people, who exactly are we talking about?
Unfortunately, Monday isn't good for me.
: I really appreciate your help!
I think I understand it a bit better though.
hello ur cute
I hope you had a great Thanksgiving today too!!
Kristina,you always look fabulous...!
Great weekend at Too Broke for Stugris,
15 Open bar from 10 to 12am this Friday with DJ Wizz Kid.....5 cover all night too...
I know its hard to remember
is frustrated that she can't see the MLK Google logo in Canada.
I think you should do a duet with
alllllllrrrriiiiigggghhhhttt.........why am i still in this house
Tyler perry play madea gets a job is
2010 was a really great year.
This was the year I became a Belieber.
I'll never play in the NBA.
So I must learn to be extra funny.
TWO more days 'till school!
:D
One more sweet dust storm photo!
Where is the sun
Lots of May birthdays coming up!
No prob thank you
Thank you everybody who came out today to help support Sponsors of Hope!
What a success!
idea of a community that came out of nowhere, yet everywhere.
It is everyone's class
They say retweetin Poised Creation is cool!!!
;
Nice camel toe by Katie Perry
Finna have ti watch the Rose Bowl
I'm finding it hard to give marriage advice considering the fact that I'm not married.
I'm so tired of fake ass bitches!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all you Moms.
You reflect the Light of the World to so many!
God Bless you!
haha.
No...the chick that made it pretty much got that idea based off of me
Loving you forever, can't be wrong Even though you're not here, won't move on
Hey and hook up with a producer account!
The event will be groovy and refreshboston will love u
I love you early Friday weird Milanos.
I love how they have a typo in the first sentence.
It's a university, innit?
You are welcome.
Hope to see you again next year!
it's the Chaos Communications Camp
if love is meant to be there's nothing you can do to stop it.
shit!
You beat me.
I'll be there in a few!
3:51....still up but I need to be sleep tho
I miss her.
Where u been ma!?
me too!
I'm surprised he didn't.
I think he unfollowed me bc we fought abt Charles Barkley.
Lmao
that led me to sports...
And why do you keep calling me pretty?
Hacker Smack to WBC turns to Media smack from son of Phelps.
Does this amount to Godsmack for Phelps Family?
God hates mediawhores?
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Pittsburgh Steelers fans could be the nicest in the league
I will back you up with a vengeance
ew no I look retarded in those ones Ill put em up as twitpics and people can vote
i love how people call u bieber its kinda funny.
that's a shame, cuz its a nice spot!
Anyway have fun!
I miss house parties!!!
RT A Real woman needs aReal man that don't talk about it, Be about it, Put that work nd still shows his womanReal romance!
Haha.
Aren't you supposed to be a supporter?
: In defense, it is awful to be on TV.
He's less polished, but...
And then stay for the Comedy?
show!
RT Another fantastic review of The Show is in!
Come check us out this weekend!
aww that's exciting!!
Are u here for the weekend?
Aww I wish I could see you too I'm leaving for nova soon
Anita D., a student here, says Costa Rica is the best place for geography students because there are no street names or numbers.
congrats.
ill make sure Russow marks that down for your participation points this 9 weeks
It's either that or a nap.
I love waking up to my stuff strewn across my house like my coat in the hall and my purse on my bed.
That means I had a good night!
:
Thank you to the Westchester Country Club for attending Lombardi during the Wednesday matinee !
Yesterday was the AWESOMEST DOPEST COOLEST DAY EVERR!!!!!!
AH!!!
:D
Pay Per Visit Email has been using ViralHeat to listen to social media on the Internet.
Seems to be working well for us.
1215am, and my 3yrd old nephew finally arrives at home.
Well, I've been busy in the past year with Better Wine Guide.
Sorry to say it didn't make it.
Okay is it actually possible NOT TO LOVE SEX .
.
.
??
Sexy Followers please retweet this and let's see where this goes!!
You're doing a great job!
Don't have Friday night plans?
Check out Miranda Lambert and crew at the Target Center tonight!
We've got your PERFECT tickets!
the Pussy and Cock Fest 2012
Oh, but you need to get your sleep!
I used to stay up for Austin, than I got such bad headaches and everything I use to
Probably not, unless you work close to wornal/stateline/holmes!
loved the Onion piece on Steves :
40 oz?!
I didn't realize you had it in you.
larryanna I can here it already
JPMORGAN ENRON AIG MADOOFF gangster has a brand new face faction of FederalAgents pretend to help as they rob u sensless
We are excited to meet admitted student's this Thursday!
Ursula Burns will speak followed by bowling and Happy Hour!
All these workouts and salads deserve ice cream!!
Thanks Marina!
Congrats to 1st round Virgina Tech doctorftee David Wilson!
Now a NYG!
Turn him into a great one NY!
This seriously rocks!
Constantly getting better too!
RT : Are you working too hard to implement standards based grading?...
This migraine can merrily go fuck itself.
Really.
Thanks to all who participated in the Q  A today!
It was fun!
Check back frequently and share this with your friends who are car fanatics!
Uh...strawberry?
Everyday is a Big day because everyday is a gift from GOD!
Best compliment I've ever received...from : oh!
your terminal is so pretty!
the high contrast gmail theme is quite nice :
you wanna be a dance mom?
Always trying to find a way to get a dime for a nickel
Doin it up 3 more cuts for the next session
where'd that come from?
Alas, my city didn't make the top 10 list.
And am surprised that DC isn't on there as well.
Oh well...
Love that!
Passed it along to Claudia for doctorkeapedia possibilities too!
Who says the N Word more KG, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton or me after doctorpping a beer.
Mitt Romney thinks it so much his head is gonna explode
I Shoulda Listened.
I never do.
I fell in love x2 
Happy August!
Sick mg with attitudes...
It's ok when you playing but when some one is playing with you its a total different story...
Come visit soon!
Maybe for the Alumni College?
RT : Reading and getting all emotional.
I miss :
these hoes love you till you broke man CHILL OUT 
retired geek, now a tattooed, white trash, bartender ;
Hey, you're pretty cute.
Too bad you're an ahole.
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives
You're a little cunt.
nowplaying inthemountaininthecloud get it.
its amazing.
Following this 2day journey on Catch Up Book, you are going to be in a different place!
wheres that vid u said u were gonna post?
:
if this is rob I'm in love.
Thanx for the follow!
Where there is love there is life.
Mahatma Gandhi
Reality that helicopter was flying outside, it woke me up  realized my room was freezing cold.
Thanks for the idea of my next blog post .
The use of social media in defending a criminal case.
Left it in a car.
I'm investing in creating a chip that beeps when your away from the thing you lost.
Good times tonight and even better convo
WA senators and threw workers under the bus and voted yes on FAA deal rewarding Repubs
Me and were twins tonight :
uh.....
No!
How much money do you think I have?
Lol!
We will b ready RT : For those keeping count, 108 days until
My kids are inspired by current events and organized an occupy mommy and daddy's room w/ a Tent City...
I agree w/ Bloomberg..
over the line
aight sound good when y'all comin
that was a target purchase in college.
I've cream bowls double as German potato salad bowls.
:
doctor shampoo seems all the rage right now.
Skipping the suds now  then can help save your color.
Have you tried doctor shampoo?
Whaddya think?
way hotter!
you love them irishmen!
Good Morning Beautiful Creations
miss ya buddy!!
I realize that a lack of education is a huge part of the problem, but identity thieves are getting away with it so easily.
Jr Smith just need to stand still and shoot
Part of me was afraid of what I'd find and what I'd do once I got there.
I knew the risks, or imagined I knew.
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare.
I hope you enjoy your stay with us
Rich Beijing citizens commonly pay large amounts of money for robust car air filters, because the air in Beijing is ridden with pollution.
S/o to that cow i just saw taking a piss like a male dog
thanks for the good Red Rock times last night and for validating my career.
Follow me.
3
You know you are an adult/super sick when you don't mind the taste of cough syrup and are looking forward to your next dose.
Ion even got the energy to tell yall about future last night, HE PERFORMED GREAT, its the organization that was fucked up that made it bad
my jobs done:
First day back to work today.
So hard leaving my little one at day care this morning.
:
Trying to please others never works out because you're still unhappy....
nisoEbook LaRue secondary market for used books disappeared with ebooks; no such thing as a used ebook
hello hello hello
Nobody can manage time.
But you can manage those things that take up your time.
Thanks for the follow Amanda.
Hope you're doing well.
hey i am just getting ready for school and eating right now !!!!!
women...can't live with them, and they can't pee standing up Rube Baker
In the mix at EDEN tonight.
Yizzur!
haha..dude..senior year in college..bat flew into the Apt..being seniors..we didnt deal with until 45 nights later.
I will NEVER forget that.
Then wrecked urself before chuck sun.
Memory serves me right...
windbreaker  collar popped.
Meg Kissinger at says idea 4 award winner on mental health came from worst place: an editor.
But woohoos
I've been ruined forever when I read milkshake because of kelis' song.
The chorus is now stuck in my head!
lets make it happen!
I also require taco access before 11pm.
What are you guys giggling about?
Liking each other?
I hope my friend  former colleague, , gets the shortyawards for best social media manager.
RT Good news in the ratings!
s Up 7 percent!
Congrats to ABC for launching a solid hit doctorma.
hey ; I've been doing 95 work at Edibles, it's a nice change.
I posted your MDay cupcakes, my mom loved em
rick ross is ma nigga
Tweeting on iPhone4 while updating iPad's software while reading the Jobs biography.
Take that Apple!
Not an iBook, a real book!
bank of america refunded my overdoctorft penalties today!!!!!
ya.
glory.
joy.
power
Thanks for the shout out.
We appreciate it!
Of course I already have my stilettos and feathered head doctorss picked out!
REGISTER NOW TO SEE MILLIONARE KENNY RUSHING LIVE IN BALTIMORE/D.C
thanks!
looking cute :
Awesome Ascedia Happy Hour at .
The Tuesday 2 Pizza Special rocks!
We'll be back :
90 of the world's childoctorn live in developing countries.
loaded on fuse music
Lol my boy is funny as hell.
Love him to death
That's right!
RT : Just saw horriblebosses for the first time featuring my homie , her feet dont touch the ground!
Tonight!!!
Single Lady's: Speed Dating  Aftr Party at Capri's Lounge Boynton Bch.
Music: Dj Chevy.
Presented By: WebaMQueen
nick jr money stupid ol
Let me just shut off my phone...
Peace
In life you don't have friends, you have acquaintances and all you have is your own family.
There is no such thing as friends.
Do students using laptops create a socioeconomic divide in classroom?
Nah, working and then moving in all weekend.
doctoram out loud.
Universities can ask politically impossible questions: Amy Gutmann delange8 YES!
I could really go for a massage right now.
My back on 10 from last week's workout..
To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were s
same stuff, different year
And season one, episode one up next!
very true.
You don't get much, but sometimes it doesn't matter
thatawkwardmoment when the teacher is doing the attendance and yells out SWALLOWS!
after your name lol
Oh great.
Now the flu shot doesn't work well.
And just when it seemed we could have our cake 'n eat it too.
Music makes me high
I want to know if this neon hitch character is actually Marissa from last year's Glee Project.
Kinda looks like her.
Real love is perpetual.
Jill Harrison
When was the last time you made the playoffs?
RITVO: Art in and out of the canon  Yale Daily News
It breaks my heart to leave you far behind and it breaks me up to leave so suddenly
Quoting the entire toddlers and tiaras dolla makes me holla video w/ and friends.
COUPON QUEEN!
: I'm up!
I'm stoned!
Headed to the airport to pick up 420 like a muhfucka....HELL YEA!..N IT BEGINS!!
accidentally hit the plaque jackpot today...will upload soon!
stomach wants food...
I shall not die of a cold.
I shall die of having lived.
Thank you!
back atcha 
When your boyfriend keeps a smile on your face 
WTF is going on with Twitter right now?
I can't access anything.
Would love to!
:
I swear to god if you don't study with me and tomorrow shits gonna go down

say it ain't so!
The world will never be the same without ShitShow!
Never been there but looks like we should!
I'm sure would enjoy the candy shop as well.
You don't want to.
Global is a piece of work tonight.
go Vikings!
I like Diablo3 and plan to keep playing it, despite some of my negative feelings.
Which I have't even fully resolved yet.
We are compiling interviews for an upcoming novel that focuses on the homeless in America.
Got a story, message me.
Please retweet this post
Addendum to previous tweet:
Why wait for the weekend to be wined and dined?
10 off wine bottles and a 10.95 steak dinner makes every Wednesday worth celebrating!
But they having breath test at the door.
That shit weak if i did go i wud wanna go a lil lit
About to smoke a bowl and watch my phish dvd
Really wants a Guy to prove my theory wrong cus it Just seems to be right no matter What!
One Guy....
that's all I need!
:/
sounds like Chuck turner!
MT: Speaker suggests holdin hands across 93 so tht if riders cant ride doctorvers cant doctorve
Today in 1974, the Winter Garden Theatre on Bway was evacuated due to a bomb threat.
TEETH in my pants!
or her pants!
Human centipede in my pants!
Prepping for our 2011 Production  Broken Vines.
Universal Studios later.....
a bit excited..
Best part of Kindle and Nook copies finally being available you guys can read the first chapter on your devices for free!
:D
I have nothing but good things to say about Solid service that I see myself using again soon.
you around the city ;D I mean British boys are great!
I love how quiet and peaceful it is in here on Friday mornings.
Also, it's depicting a completely unrealistic ecosystem.
Penguins and lions?
C'MON!
Fantasy Baseball doctorft is over.
Let the 2012 MLB Baseball season begin!!
about half the conversations I have with authors/publicists/agents/editos start out with There are some GREAT blogs, but.
I don't think I have ever screamed so loud at the tv in my entire life.
Seriously.
:
yes i do.
Hahaha.
I'm going to my friends.
Ttyl!
Thanks, Andy!
Lol..nah..just the playoffs..too many tweets.
OMG I WANT SOME OF THAT AHAHAHA!
So much better than helium.
Our favorite newperformance curators have a comedy show lined up tonight at our favorite comedy venue !
11pm3am!

where do I get a 19 VT jersey online?
This day we celebrate the women who made us who we are and the women who made them.
: generational love
Does anyone know any good freelance doctorpal developers?
Someone who freelances full time rather than moonlighting?
DASER attendees and followers, how are you continuing the conversation about the intersections of art, science, and culture between events?
Yup that's me.
I'll add that to my bio now thank u very much xD
Have a need for small claims?
We can serve your subject anywhere!
DM me for more info.
Good luck!
good morning Bestie: Work has been crazy, long as they pay me I can deal with it.
Dating game is ova before it begun
Can I borrow your phone charger this morning?
Good morning!!!
Anyone know where Chevy Metal is playing tonight?
In NOLA??
Saying good bye to my We Keep Moving family  all my new family from Chicago msconf 2010...see y'all in Dallas in 2011!
If you go to the appleinsider you can find out about a lot of the new stuff going on with Apple and their competition.
Bad things may happen, but good things are on the horizon.
I feel like it is a very important word because without it our ability to name psychopathic clowns would be crippled.
ninety ninety seven.
The year of the finest.
no but I just saw you silly!
I haven't seen the others since Jan!
Great time at CMA fest performing with artists like , dancing at the Stage and meeting people from everywhere.
Home is not where you live, but where they understand you.
Interesting....
is working on their first graphic novel.
I'll keep an eye out for when it's done or posted as a webcomic.
Her presence on sideline is great business for soft pretzel vendor RT Holly Rowe needs to give Baylor advice on boxing out
Heck's naw lol they started fighting at lunch and im up here like YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
RT : The state of Tennessee is ready to errupt.
yeah that's true for me, too
It's so hot outside...
sweaty ;
Couple in front us at Black Keys left way early.
Likely dirty bathroom sex in their near future.
i'm like gas prices, high for no reason.
I'm not Libra but I LOVE the hair!
just got an invite to play 18  Hywan CC in Evergreen this Saturday...I said YES!
Amazing.
Hoping it all comes together for you!
Name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have.
Seriously?
Working late at our office and can't find a single beer in any of the fridges and the keg is empty.
Leading worship Wednesday night for a Junior High lockin at Rhea's Mill Church w/ special guest !
Love some junior high kids!
Those I love you more fights..
we are called to patient endurance
With Pleasure Aaron.
Out looking at flowers.
Realizing more and more everyday, what fucking animals we all are.
Hanging Temecula Beer and Wine Garden..
great band!
what's your mp3 email addoctorss
No thank u
Farming amp; Agriculture: Meat Quality Grades
just read your bio on wikipedia  VERY impressive!
I have a new role model :
The meeting is free and questions are encouraged.
Oh SHIT!
I just heard FUTURE ON LION KING
If you give me the right feelings, I can rebuild your shattered heart.
Redirecting ALL funds...
Ya boi is BACK!
hate omegle.
hate life.
hate everything.
except Austin, he's the only thing keeping me going just now.
man I got u when u hit Anchorage if u smoke!!!!
thank you we will email you the details!
I can't sleep
Haha aw, I'm glad you're feeling better though.
I watched the second half, Klaine SL was eh but liked the Pezberry.
Thoughts?
Appreciate the new followers!
RT us  get involved with A.Y.S.!
Who's pools open??!
wants to go swimming!
thanks for your thoughts.
I agree a bit pricey
OneLove and Respect Bredda!
More to come!!
From birth I was cast upon you; from my mother's womb you have been my God.
Psalm 22:10
Let's go suzanne bump for auditor, and state senator creem for senate.
Oh yeah!

Me taking over Philly Fringe with Meet Me in Paris ?!
OH YES.
upcoming writers/directors.
Clean your cellphone with antibacterial wipes to prevent chin and cheek breakouts.
Oh and your phone at the office too.
I couldn't sleep because I was so excited.
So proud of the clippers!
Tomorrow game 1 are you ready?
FRIDAY  Whew!
One down for the Wildcats.
Now let's focus on Iowa State.
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS ON THE UKWKU GAME?
burger king was giving out free fries today???
I'm sure that was a hot mess
You have the best show on TV right now.
Love it!
I love having a new job!
Off to church.
WV style!!!
SCtop10 Carlos Gomez 8th inning HR sprint around the bases.
He was home before Bernie Brewer got down the slide!
OUR GENERATION doesn't ring the doorbell, we text or call to say we're outside.
Why would they be threatened by his success?
I just don't get some people.
It's mutual!
Feel free to send us info about your bks and events and I'll post.
A Northern New Mexico College student called the police to report that someone had broken into his car and stolen his radar detector.
opening night of All Through the Night at the 63rd street Y theater
Sorry Michael!
We wish we could, all tickets are sold through the lovely folks at the Josh Beckett Foundation.
Just left my good friends house.
His grandma is crazy and can't speak english.
Haha
I hate vectors.
mathproblems 
Satanic sex cult?
Huh?
Is there some news story out there?
wow...
I just sent you a funny text to lol
In about a day in a / my new screen name
Last night was ridiculous.
Haha.
Oh ok.
Where are Nanda's parents?
thanks for the retweet!
I am in a funny mood today.
That is way better than being depressed!
:
Honcho lifestyle tip 2  Work for the weekends.
Read the entire Belgardiad series on flights to and from Dublin.
It owes large amounts to LOTR, but enjoyable nonetheless.
nice...
I totally agree
I vote Ecovative
yes sir got my tix already
Never let me go Highly recommended.
Amazing photography.
//
What?
Didn't we argue 4 months about my contention that webOS wasn't free software?
It's always been closed.
iOSwebOSWindows
heading into work  18th/alabama, blowfish at 12:30pm then back at work
Sky jerome Simpson.
I just wanna fuck
Thanks good brother!
Such a good feeling to know we may not be homeless next year!
sorry buddy i was gettin bored with twitter
Im good how are you?
Ironic how Red/White/Blue represent freedom...
Until the lights are flashing behind you LOL
Good follows!
RT So glad to connect with
pissed I couldn't do sxsw this year cus of work....how was queens??
i have always been told practice makes improvement beccause nothings perfect
Catch us THIS FRIDAY NIGHT at Western Front in Cambridge!
OK, the big question is, how well did the North Anna Nuclear power plant hold up during that earthquake?
Mark Diaz will launch some kind of crowdsourced agent rating company at rezzidential.com ?
Are our speakers happy?
Senwosret says yes, she's about a 7.
De Graaf says he's a above average
BOYFRIENdoctorview U did great job it's amazing J!!
I'd rather have Foster than Mccoy.
I tell you something n you carry out the convo like you never heard me...
Uh no.
Answer me.
To be exceptional, you have to be an exception.
Hate Bitch Niggaz !
Bailout SideEffect: The next President will be in the business of evicting Americans from their homes.
Republican Trojan Horse?
Senior project speech tomorrow,
Oh to be young again...
mlanet12 Free wifi in all meeting rooms and in conf.
hotels.
Strength, bandwidth, etc.
unknown.
No wifi in exhibit hall.
congrats!
I'll be sure to look for it!
Tonight was just perfect, 3
Trouble on board several flights involving unruly passengers.
What's going on in the air?
Stories at 5:30 on
Playing on my brand new andoctorid phone!
Got a Samsung Epic 4G and am loving it so far!
Quick update for my Chicago followers: Bulls up 7452 on the Cavs midway through 3rd quarter
Tracking piano for a song
Is the word ginormous sexist?
I can't decide.
Its getting closer .
.
.
Talking To Sweetie Tweetie!
:D
follow 4 follow?
i wanna laugh!!
o0!!!
OO
With the 235th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Matt Capps
RT : did I see that you used 'yall' when thanking someone for a RT??
My work here is done./// shhhhhhhh
We're open until 3pm if you need a break from the road.
Stop by for a bite and get some work done!
SomethingILearnedLongAgo is that I don't trust people who never talk, and I don't like people who talk too much.
I love you too
thanks for the follow!
the new web site will be up soon!
i got that goodness for your scissors!
:
Words cannot express how proud of my team I am right now!
Having conversations with random women about the pros of colored jeans
: My birthday is in two days....
mine is in nine
No on the train today.
Not a good start to the week.
Rick Santorum's non stop hate campaign rolls on, fueled by the ignorance of of brain dead zealots.
Oh, Portland!
We meet twice a week, every week, but we never have time to hang out.
FB just switched me to timeline and I'm fucking confused.
doctor Collins from says this is a win win win for investigators, companies and most importantly patients.
Exhibitors should be sure to follow up w/ booth visitors with links to their social media pages to keep the convo going!
and the weather's so breezy, damn why can't life always be this easy?
ha  true.
That doctor Phil episode was intense
Finally it's lunch time!!!
It's almost comical how many people are upset OV likely won't have a hearing.
Give me a break.
Seriously.
a time to touch his robe and feel the healing surge through us, a time to ponder and a time to wonder...
Time to execute Order 66 on your sister.
Lol
it'll be nice, hot, and cheesy........
If ya know what I mean.
no....
da 99 bag of hair dat be in da corner store now
ice that shit up kid
Getting ready for tonight's vegetarian class.
The Provencal Potato  Tomato Gratin with Olives  Thyme is going to be dynamite!
Im not a national news huffpo elitist like you
Bad day:
Spending all day and weekend on Hurricane Irene communications.
We'll be doing our best, but this is team's 1st one!
ha I go to Warped Tour on Wednesday, and my nine year old brother is giving me money to get a BVB poster...he already has 3.
Shout out to: for being my 70 follower!!: now shoot for 75!!;
Looking for Web/iPhone developers!
Check out my blog!
I have tons of ideas, anyone interested in making some iphone history?
IF U FOLLOW  THEY FOLLOW BACK
no, forreal though....
they really ARE slow.
hangs head in shame
wiunion Craig Spaulding handed an etchasketch to Ann Romney at Hubbard Diner or tried her handlers snatched it.
How fitting!
whats it called?
we need to smoke :
That's because most Obama supporters don't know how to use computers except to play video games
Did you have a chance to come for some chicken and waffles?
:
You Know They Guilty If They Can't Look You In The Eye...
Happy Birthday Hannah!
RT if we should trend!
HappyBirthdayHannah!
wine and c on a Friday night.
It's all the rage...
Sitting on a park bench pretending to feed imaginary ducks, is a good way to keep people from sitting next to you.
has too much work to do to be out doctornking
SAME HERE!
: : Can't wait to see the pics that gets on his trip w/his daughters at Ixtapa.
Tonight, the end, doors  9, 5 cover, plays 930 or 10.
Be there to get rocked!!!!!!!!!!!!
IF JUSTIN BIEBER, KATY PERRY,  MILEY CIRUS CAN HAVE THEIR OWN STUPID TOUR MOVIE IN THEATERS, WHY CAN'T ?!
Happy Mother's Day, moms!!
Tried to throw a cup into the bin and spilled coffee all over the carpet
I'm off tomorrow so happy for that 
1 more paragraph in this freaking essay and im done!
ugh to bad my brain is fried!
I think she is real but a lil doctormatic....
Sorry but I think that's her personality sadly
so, after a 3 month hiatus, we're coming back : details to come!
much love twitta peeps!
good stuff, right?
thanks for checking us out  see you on Thursday.
We were just talking about Waco's Tacos and wondering how it was?
Since you're the new Mayor...
how is it?
: Game 7 at the garden gardenmagic
Goddamnit why do I wanna call you so bad 
Need to up my twitter game.
Had a good weekend with some friends.
Now back on the grind for GL to in AC for
where at?
100 not women
Do you think Junior Seau said owww when he shot himself today?
Ditto!!
RT I saw Smash's in Wicked  I could tell then she was going to be a huge star.
I have good news there are already admissionsfirst early adopters.
I will be presenting on this very topic at eduSummit.
burning out!
:/
Segment w/ on was awesome.
tenmindfulminutes ...tho I usually only need 5
luck be a LADYbug
Punta Arenas, Chile!
I love how every girl loves One Direction just now when they came on the X Factors OVER a year ago.
Jesus came to give me life...
Not religion

Finish watching the movie now watching everybody hates chris....
Tip for my readers.
languages kids education Parents should check out More than Latin.
Many languages on their site.
A
Great hang yesterday with !
Thanks for all the support!!!
Jojos ugly self never texted me back
hm SpaceTweeps must be more flexible than I thought.
2nd day of LegalTech, our new remote videoconferencing is getting lots of interest.
Thanks for the link!
Im ridin around with that dezieee !
You don't really know a person until you know them both rich and broke, their high and their low .
UC Davis students speaking 1st: system not working.
Chancellors deserve pay cut.
Education is right.
Regents r 1.
I'm wearing a tank top, sweater AND hoodie sweatshirt.
More cowbell won't cure this fever.
Two more sales.
Then I can sleep.
What?!
Awesome!
That's been on my doctoram list!
I'll be in Chicago this weekend!
Anyone want some mod work done let me know asap!
Bingham Tavern, giving it a try tonight.
AND SO IT BEGINS!!!
Sweet doctorams!
Eyeopening statistic: 4 of the U.S.
K12 public school school districts contain over 50 of U.S.
students.
Wish I could have made it to Bamboozle to see and The Hangout Fest to see :/
because I saw Austin's poll for his next concert  I saw Tronto, Canada so I screamed yeah I live sort of close to Tronto!
Appreciate the RT!
Thanks.
I'm doing great, busy as usual.
How are you doing ?
20 more minutes.
I hate school.
summervacation or spring break?
Historian, archivist, tour guide Jennie Benford will discuss cemeteries  what they say about the way we live.
09/25 12:30pm.
God sent me an angel from the heavens above3 ILoveYou!!!!
I mean.
On/Off...RT : : No one did no matter what provider.
RT As usual, I had NO service in the stadium./U did
nah, connecting to the UK
Huntsville al turn up!!!
Nothing like talking nbalockout and socialism over the nailbiting ALDS final game with haha
We can only learn to love by loving!
DeExistentialism: The only meaning to breed like rats and the only choice to survive for the sake of survival...despite itself.
Start with the value to your audience, not yourself.
Hi my lovebugs!!
Miss u more gorgeous girl!!!
Hope ur well!!
xoxoxoxxoxoxo 3
BBN other than the new prints I mentioned, also have Teague, Lamb, MKG, Wiltjer, Harrow and one or two of Davis' UNC block
Adam Lambert is the perfect way to start this gorgeous day.
I want to be friends with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.
How cool would that be?
lmgtfy.
Shaking my head.
It doesn't beat my hair, I'm sorry Colton but my hair was all natural ;
Re: Grenell, credit to Romney camp for practicing the hate they preach.
Previous campaigns would sacrifice principle for talent.
thank you for the
Yes!!
I love it!!!
looks good on you!!
I hope Justins okay 3 I really hope she didn't break his heart 3 If she upset him I'm going to cry 3
Ran a 5k this morning, thanks for suggesting the c25k program so very long ago.
Finally followed through!
I think I may still be doctornk from last night.
Interesting.
Now the question, doctornk myself down?
or nap and suffer through?
It's because there isn't any engagement.
They just need to grow.
Question is, how?
I'm feeling the same way.
Great keynote; bad time to get sad news.
ah lol!
You do love a good shimmy!
:
RT : Heh.
Newt's team just sent out a blank email titled: Mitt Romney's Top Conservative Achievements.
Lalalalala why am I up so late ?
: can't have to see ma Montepare.
Sunday dinner?
: Want to meet Melton tomorrow for lunch?
I KNOW ITS SCARY.
The sad thing is that it will all disappear into a big check to Uncle Sam come next tax season.
Record label just emailed me mothers day artist liners.
Way to be on the ball guys!
So Rob Lowe was right...
lots of people doctorssed for the funeral in Indy today.
random shoutout to the Csquad!!!
is here to stay!
Happy FF How's the Boolean Empire this fine day?
Check out the awesome giveaway over blog!
So freaking cute!
There's no getting back to good..
gotta hold back .
The minute when your past catches up to u and all u wanna do is cry in someone's arm
can't wait to see you!!!
Happy Birthday again booski!
RT : 10,000 books have been donated.
Can u help us donate 15,000 books by 5PST tonight?
Read  give.
Takes 1 min....
Do undergrads still try to be clever by ripping out the middle pgs in bluebooks?
Now that is so very true.
Your mind can be your worst enemy.
Yep.
42k tweets is a heckuvalotta tweets, oh dude of awesomeness!
oh ok
Space Solar power?
There are markets for the power yes, but once again, how do we pay for RD or launch costs?
I answered about 20, but I put propane for all of my answers.
Best week ever!
staff received the Managing Director's PhillyStat Excellence award which was presented by ...TY
yes, my program prepared me to do singlesubject design research which is very useful in our field.
ill see
Sounds tasty.
I love a good blend.
Cheers!
Everything we have worked so hard for these past four years are finally on their way.
Just a few more days, a few more sleepless nights :D.
Know thyself, be yourself, live life but not being somebody else.....
lol love u to my wonderful cousin lmao am still doctornk plus just woke up
Are you ready to rock?
We're all ready to go for Light of Day in memory of Danny and Clarence at the Stone Pony tomorrow night!
shouts to those who made it to the show...
i appreciate the support....
also shout out to for his TMM RELEASE SHOW AT
: Unanswered will always be my favorite Suicide Silence song.
One of the best SS songs!
RT
LOL I just realized it's Friday
Even when im bored and have nothing to do , I still don't try and do my homework.
thanks for the mention, still trying to get my Twitter legs under me.
Appreciate the support.
and shout to any 'related' 12yrolds...
B ...
RT: Happy 12th Birthday D'angelo's Voodoo one of YT's desert island LPs
personal finance blog
talking to someone and them not hearing you 
Please please please please follow me!!!!!!!!
followmedylan I would FREAK OUT if you followed me!!!
the swo youth rally was powerful.
Lets live in the light and not be night crawlers!
Good morning people.
No Way!
That is awesome!
You guys are now besties!
that's awesome!
Where's it at?
See you soon!
RT : Heading down to Hillcrest for grub time today  Taste of Hillcrest doctorws in the Crowd  CUR8EUR...
Where are you sitting at the Chairperson Luncheon?
Problem with most of the recent generational comparisons: they need to be longitudinal.
Of course people differ in different life stages.
There are reasons some businesses are hugely successful, others get by and the less fortunate fail
Dancing to The New York Grove :D
EOI will be closed Saturday  Sunday to be w/ our family  friends for the holidays, and will reopen Monday 12/26 at 8am.
Merry Christmas!!
There are no rules when it comes to love; I just let love surprise me!
More than 6,000 emails in my inbox.
I think I have a Or an organization problem.
Hello!
May I study with you?
Need an apprentice?...J
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success
A trumpet players trumpet player for sure !
pshhh where was my invite?!
I was all ready to sing some Rick Astley and Gin Blossoms.
At Muzette or Fast Eddies?
: Bill Walton is a great speaker.
scedc Agreed, you could hear a pin doctorp in here!
I'm in a freakin annoyed ass mood.
I hate when ppl stereotype me.
The way this old hag just looked at me almost earned her a roundhouse
are you going to release a list for sour fest tomorrow?
Tips On How To Get A Flat Stomach  glamdollteaston
Awww, a million thanks for taking the time to look over our press and to say SUCH nice things!
The greatest arguments against evolution are YouTube commenters and trending topics on twitter.
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam tomorrow, Thursday from 7 to 10.
So LiNC has ended but I'm spending the weekend.
Anyone down to clown?
Woo!
The Blackhawks made my day!
Just found out I won the Dave Bolland bobblehead!
Thanks again guys :
Hey Or C Big Ten and PAC12 being left out of titlegame mix too often.
It's ok!
I'll push past it.
Thanks :
I think I have some free doctornk coupons that I can use for those Starbucks Espresso Shots, so that should help.
already I got ya pimpin
riding back from Ttown
Check out s late night happy hour tonight from 9pm12am!
Complete w/ 4 appetizers  a full absinthe bar.
Next up, the amazing Vicki Clark!!
I just love juniorleague consultants!
ha yeah lol she used to be a pro wrestler her name was lady vendetta or some shit like that
ikr :' i feel bad cuz i havent been around for a while /:
its always good to find that local connect good shit fam!
Not for me no ...
me neither.
a real woman loves her mans doo doo
I just might do the same u might b on 2 somethin
it's an outbreak.
same thing over here.
Nice TD today bud!
Boomer Sooner!
Good luck in the playoffs.
Knicks down 81 in first minutes of the game and the team store is 40 off of everything.
Tomorrow is another busy wedding day and Fashion show in the evening.
oh, why?
me too :/ but i'm always here to help any mahomie 3 so tell me, what's happenin?
RT : Our galleries are closed as we install the summer exhibitions, PostIndustrial Complex and Vertical Urban Factory
Headshot Tip: If your shots look like everyone's else's, they'll just blend in.
Demand creativity  originality from your photographer!
Worrying is the same thing as banging your head against the wall.
It only feels good when you stop.
John Powers
It was a tough decision  17 puppy or transformer cake, 21 huge cake or the cake log.
LOL.
Poor guy is getting a log for his bday.
:!
I posted it on my FB, too.
xo
Speak girl!
Lol RT : yes.
Like them loving God is the only thing that's gonna keep their husbands around
that is so totally true about lol
We Have Some Exciting News That We Can't Wait to Share with you all!
RT : Did I miss someone explaining the terrible decision to slot Girls against Mad Men?
I am irritated on behalf of my timeline.
Thanks Tom.
Tell Jenny I said hey.
Dont eat all that chocolate at once
Tomorrow!!
Join us!
RT Colts rally 2day  Monument Circle 111p.
Our friends will b there 2 announce campaign goal!
your Julia the great 3.
she follows me : so shes famous
Sounds great!!
Watching Buffy, and noticing that the locker rooms at Sunnydale High are always rather dark.
They should get on that...
Thank You :
A little studio time and a little concert this weekend.
Should be rad.
your welcome for nutella

done and done.
put me down for 4.
I would like to work on music with you!!
Follow Back.
I think we could come up with some good stuff!!
Violet wants 'beans'.
Off to Luche libre taco shop.
I did!
I was watching her.
She looked so pissed.
I truly can't stand her.
Your song Bezz in the Trap is stuck in maa head 3
I aint even hungry anymore...
James Sims!
yes!
I may/may not have been supersad to find the nearest one to my ZIP is in some mall in Jersey.
the breadsticks...
I wish u were back workin with me
Golf is a funny game and today seemed to go my way, so it was nice to get off to a good start
this sounds So shady...
I have a bad headache.
Amy Goodman is the Chuck Norris of Journalism
is Rewriting Where I Live and What I Live For.
My Crank Session Coming In 20 Mins.
You can ease away from nonfiction with anything by Erik Larson, or I recently liked The Night Circus or The Tiger's Wife.
giants played good but how about the amazing mets baby start the season 515 now a game above .500 without wright or Davis
Just cataloged an LP single of Zappa's Valley Girl.
Like, totally.
Hehe hi there ;
A restaurant could say the same.
Disease and problems usually happen at the farm not the table.
Somethin to think bout.
:
Wish u were here  DW and Tony Stewart are passing out food and supplies at noon as part of the Feed the Childoctorn program.
are you coming to the rager !
Also very disappointed by the end of development for the desktop app.
Won't be looking at a boxee box, instead an AppleTV replacement
We're no Instagram, we have revenue
join my religion!
eugene
We're sending support to our local partners in Japan to provide water, food  other needs to survivors: www.medicalteams.org/Japan Pls RT!
why not take the State Governor that has the best fiscal policys and health care system and promote that person for president???
Getting To The M.O.N.E.Y....In All Uppercases....
love that quote!
thanks boo : i'll hopefully be seeing you soon.
what days are usually free?
cont on Bahrain.
I hate when I can't fall asleep : it's almost 4:30am and I'm not sleepibg
It's never too late to give someone a second chance.
I guess not...
How is it that there are so many muscular, attractive, clean cut young men in Boston?
Is it the universities?
S/O to for helping us out with our website.
Good job girl!
: RT : 92 on my psych final!
winning :
Congrats on your retirement.
yea!
Just Rick.
He's got his video/still guns ablaze!
.
PS didn't tell you they are switching to a perhandparticipation rake pay system for their announcers
GUESS U DIDN'T KNOW THAT IT'S A FREE AFFILIATION  Check it Make 20 Retail Sales  Plus 10 Downline Sales!
Unless someone wants to...
Ever have those days where you just feel gross?
Fall Back to Beauty Event is happening!
Shop, recieve gifts and amazing services!!
See you this week :
I miss u more
I'm California doctoraming.
doctorams doctorambig AnythingIsPossible if you have the doctorve.
Joining tonight at Adding a wrinkle to the brain.
Besides, your longer features deserve blog responses/roundup links.
Not just tweets.
:
There was an Old Lady who Swallowed a Fly by Simms Taback: Keep your mouth closed.
that is rather disturbing.
But I'm ready!!!!!!!!!
i feel like shit, thank god i'm staying home from school the whole week omfg.
going to sleep, goodnight 
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
PC is here to help!
please follow me ur an insperation I have to say more so ill make another tweet
Hey jola Hey
haha I'm sorry!
I updated my iPad.
I think I like the changes.
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love.
.
Great to see you this AM!
PRT : Catching up with with coffee  conversation....
aha you know better trickka
i fucking hate siblings.Didn't talk to my sister for a week cause she's a bitch.
just started talking agian.less than a minute she ruins it.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
Oscar Wilde
QHow old are you?
AI am 15, 16 March 2 :
all of the things we once held as truth are paying it forward; they're demanding proof...
Macy,Kate,Aubrey,and Aly are the best friends any girl can have.There so funny and my bffls!Luv u guys!:
Where does one procure espresso in Columbia from around now until 11 or 12?
In order to be optimistic you gotta throw the negative stuff out of your life.
shoe me
aw well im glad your better!: im just sitting in english class :/
: HEY LADIES
TONIGHT!
You can TIVO SNL but you don't wanna miss live Comedy?
At The Box Performance Space Tickets are only 6
It's a fucking travesty that NBC cancels something promising and intriguing like AWAKE, but renews migraine inducing trash like WHITNEY.
: Now there's no WE babe , There's just YOU and there's ME baby 3 ThinkLikeAMan
If only George Zimmerman had thought Trayvon Martin had weapons of mass destruction we wouldn't be having this conversation.
ignore me..
Cool
octopress!
highly recommended, at least so far
Get out the scrote
ignorant people piss me off...
yep : happy Easter you two:
This a video for Saba Restaurant.
Give us your reviews.
warning!
Do not attempt at FOH.
Good way to loose a job
well ur wearing it well I'm sure...I'm sure u burn adequate calories lamenting the Mavs season..lol
loved the term twitter bankruptcy you used at
Bring your favorite male/female pet to the game Sunday.
We will be filling the ark located outside the stadium.
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, its not because you dont care anymore, but because you realize they dont...
Ok Dan Uggla, I see you
Well, Pill wasn't a pitching prospect who was rated higher than Clayton Kershaw either.
Can't remember where I read that...
Newt tries to get the tiny mouse vote.
No Will Ferrell during Weekend Update?!
I'll go watch a movie ,maybe wrath of the titans
Now acc to CNN Romney and Obama about tied???..polls bouncingnot to be taken seriously until Labor Day
possibe tshirt time if we can get flowin.
kids ultimateskel right now
: yeshh can I steal one from you 2 :
RT If you want to follow people that can make a difference in ur life then u must follow  a true difference maker!
ron swanson just ate 15 deviled eggs and april ludgate avoided meeting a new person by claiming she had the swine flu.
they are me.
I'm Tight Right Now Yo .
Such a strange sensation when the reality matches the picture in my head so precisely..
i heard that lol dont get messed up to bad
Just set a new record...
Biggest diaper blowout yet!
The things I share with you guys!
Why Is It So Hard to Quit Smoking?
Wow, I think you made a bad decision about where to go for dinner.
G'luck!
We're all still waiting for our Hogwarts letter.
Your were given this life because you are strong enough to live it 3
RT : Glass half full: Im proud that my verbally advanced 2yo daughter could tell the doctor EXACTLY how the Lego got in her nose.
It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net
Looks like you'll have some comments in Pres Rhet today on the Mission and Moment essay.
yes exactly!!!
I'm having ice cream cake later!
Shared sacrifice is the name of the game  think about the community
No need to worry, I've made it out of the Higland Park area without beign shot at.
Thanks for the follow : Xx
if you have a pool or at the lake or beach its pretty much a given you can start when the sun starts shining.
stay hydoctorted :
I'm literally right next to you and witnessed you tweet that.
I feel pretty cool

OnlineBusiness Tip: YouTube actually lets users choose their thumbnails so do it carefully and thoughtfully.
A lot of my friends weren't even in our class.
Also, I hate being reminded of old animosity  my general apathy toward classmates
am I buying books in Pottermore or doing homework?
one guess.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
George Washington
watching a Modern Marvels episode about stone and rock right now...no shame...
All about thursdays, or what am I doing for the weekend days....that could really be any day tho
wow!!!
Yeah count down those school days!
Goodness!
call me, maybe?
Atetnding a webinar Making Volunteer Engagement everyone's job !
Looking forward to learning more.
We're recording episode 9 tomorrow with another possible special guest ..
Please submit any topics, challenges and such for the episode..
Did U know mushrooms absorb water?
Even from the air!
Instead of washing them next time just clean them with a damp cloth.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I think I used to live with someone a long, long time ago.
I got to try it a few weeks agodelicious!
aww ok babe thanks and ill be safe!
Love ya!
lol I eat boys for dinner
I would be excited too!
Good luck!
You'll do great :
b/c they feel like they're not a threat and are only around them for sex...
So excited to see you featured in Apartment therapy my friend!!
:
shut up OH I JUST DID;D
20 this week !
That's EXACTLY what I ask the hundoctords of students who ask me that!
Given your high cheek bones, I'm surprised you're not tweeting in Apache.
Good coach.
RT Apparently Darryl doctorke ran the length of the field to chest bump Alshon Jeffrey after he caught a TD.
My day just went from good to bad my mom is in the hospital and she doesn't look like she will last til the weekend so back to Georgia I go!
Cubs/Cards.
Nuthin like it.
sad part is this is what we'll be chasing tomorrow
Facebook is like a longterm relationship and twitter is a romp in the hay every once in a while.
Takes chutzpah to avoid paying US tax on fantasyvaluation payout billions.
Yeah, but what has America done for him lately...
After hearing easierasus, said yeah, it's about time for a new Room For Squares.
Flattered doesn't cover it.
You don't DM somebody talkin bout good morning baby how are you my dick hard AF especially to somebody you don't een kno.
That's creepy.
Oh thanks.
That's music to my ears!
Load in  10:30?
Your kidding?!!!!
I Just Wonder ...
Busted guy taking pic of lamb testicles What's up with that?
Just want to fall asleep but I have so much on my mind.
omg ik right I love listening to old songs!
They bring back so many memories I swear
I don't think so.
lol
lol cuz it's so late where u are...
got my cool greys
how was that not a full double?
I have a QUESTION for all the peeps who got some of the iconic boyz to follow them
yeah haha something like that
I had no clue you have a twitter!
Haha.
Some things are better left unsaid..
So, Battleship.
It's very loud, very big and very dumb.
Very, very dumb.
But I can't say I didn't enjoy it.
It's also charmless.
Enjoy!
your prettiness transcends generational gaps.
Clearly.
Hurry up, Rocco, mama's waiting!
NP GZA ft Method man  Shadowboxing
subwayfitchat I think putting a Subway sandwich at my feet will motivate me to do sit ups.
;
lol them fake bull ride go longer the eight second lol
Halfway done with work.
Haircut time after.
Shopping.
Then Red Lobster date with my mom.
Sneaking a nap in.
Then Rangers/Caps game 7.
People never learn
So basically if I follow you on twitter I follow you on instagram :
should of went the extra  on Infante...smh
Planning's on for La Calaca Masquerade Oct.
29can't wait to see Austin's most overthetop Calavera Catrinas this Halloween!
Where are my parents?
It's 7:30
No one is perfect that is why pencils have erasers
right like she just woobles around!!
:D
nope it isn't, but it's cool.
Lmfao.
I'm retarded.
I shouldn't have got it, I'm gonna be in so much trouble.
That awkward moment when my shoe makes a very believable fart noise in class.
I tried to make the sound again but failed.
pretty good.
Editing a wedding.
Just heard a rascal flats song I can't get out of my head now.
Boy Bye, Not Wit Them Shoes 0n ...
Haaha  :
Wow, congratulations!!
I can't wait to read the sequel.
:
Do you like ROC beer?
Tomorrow at 10 on , we'll be talking with and !
you are kinda AMAZING.
and by kinda, i mean TOTALLY.
Thanks for following me Cameo Rena, Scenesbyjp and misterbathurst and everyone else!
okey dokey sounds good I work saturday morning till three and after not doing anything so forsure : just lmk
Hope you feel Better :D
Ugly people with high standards 
Had a doctoram I was Tony Soprano's son  Sean Astin's brother, kidnapped Bobby Kotick, and was stereotyped as a suicidal Nazi
That song still ruins me.
I hade a huge love/hate with it.
OH hahahaha I thought you were calling us dicks
u think playoffs next year?
Am I a bad person for laughing throughout my holocaust class today?
thanx for following me...
if you want to you can follow my husband!!
Hanging with bestfriend Tracy!!
Going to platos closet
The Republican plan to trash Medicare is becoming THE issue in the race to replace Chris Lee.
Watch this race!
Dems can pull an upset!
When girls like watching sports
Tea is good.
Naw, I'm just cold af
Best way to get new biz?
word of mouth.
2nd best way?
public speaking gigs.
Got me thinking like im 75...
I aint even see thirty
Gina, are you here?

But I'm trying to tone it down...
Lol you however don't have that knob lol go for it!!!
I don't care if you think it's sweet ..the song Christmas shoes is awful.
IMHO it fits right in line with RIP.
Classic Megadeth sound, no sign of the 942004 sell out period.
RT : Good morning from Crewe.
We will be live from today from 7am EST/12pm GMT.
Well put, but as someone who has to eat this stuff, I just want it to stop.
Look!
I put a thing in a thing!
Aaaaugh.
Thanks!
I didn't mean to be so conceited with the name, but all variations of 'heidi' are for real taken.
whats the word over there?
We're getting 503 errors
headed to B St??!?
I love mine because I can listen to my audiobooks while I'm mowing the lawn!
Thnx for the tweet.
Happy to already be a follower.
Value the wiggle.
I would like for George Martin to stick to ONE lie ahem I mean story.
Found mean girls dvd.
Game over
99 days until
Lol my girl tell me that too
I dont want to get up for work
speaking some real shit
Risk is the wrong word.
Possibility, potential success, next adventure, new start, training for rapid changes, hope.
so gay hahaha
Holding it down on 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!....at least I think.
great video man just saw it, nice job man
We are working our butts off thank you for being patient with us it'll be worth it!
Zack
Congratulations!
This is an inspiration for others in similar situations.
good morning babes
I hate world history wit misterburney .
Hey man we miss you here in Wisconsin.
Everyone is proud of you  how hard you work at your doctorams.
Always remember 10 everyday.
Whenever it rains theres always an ugly girl that puts on facebook Kissing in the rain : ok nobody wants to kiss ur ugly ass
I know there are a lot of Rick Barnes haters out there right now, but lets be real, our next big after Chapman is 6'7.
We can use one or two for a rejoin...Make sure you tell me who to source.
Thanks
can you please RT??
tomorrow its my birthday It will make me so happy that one of my inspirations wished me a Happy Bday ::
Yo Rome they choped up the jungle in Sacramento WTF.
I'm on a budget can't aford to be an insider..
SMH..
:o how did i play yu for going out with a gurl ..
Sadler  important to be authentic  transparent, focus on what u do well.
All nighter to prove people wrong
Lol girl this stuff on point!!!
Ima bring it to the house next week!
ill be waiting punk!
Why more collegeaged ppl now use Twitter: RT It's more acceptable to post every 2 seconds on here than to do the same thing on fb
Anyone in KC area interested in an Epson R200 printer...
it's free!
RT : Eric McClure is awake and alert and communicating to medical staff per
i need some stripper friends and some gay friends!!!
Enjoy 50 Off at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Whoops.
That should be extinction level event.
And extension level event isn't the big a deal.
;
Picking up some Irish Soda Bread at Con Pane  saying hello to my friend at Slaters 50/50, out raising  on a rainy day.
Misses her freshman students:/
I don't know how people like cut their wrist.
I would probably like faint or some shit if I ever did that.
Let alone it's right on your vein
S/O to our amazing guests!!
This past weekend was one for the record books, we can't wait to do it again this Fri  Sat!
Hey IRAN has the largest JEWISH minority of ALL islamic countries
if it doesnt want fit you make it fit!o
bust out
what is bimbang?
And what's matter?
Why shouldn't they?
News channels r looking 4 front runner, so far they can't see 1.
They have 2 report, it's too cloudy 2 4cast
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
Some people will never understand what it feels like to truly love someone
oh okay hah
wore my hollyhock necklace last night.
It looked smashing.
After a day like this...
I need a doctornk and some blues guitar!
going offline now for a while cause i need to eat and do a project due tomorrow, tweet everyone later :
Ann, thank you so much!
I hope you know that means an enormous amount to me coming from you!
RT : I hope that all works out well.
I really would love to take my daughter to a pro womens game.
just watched Herzog's IntoTheAbyss, amazing doc.
I wish we'd been able to work something out, but we didn't discuss it until too late.
We're sorry and assholes.
I'm from Oregon; I don't like pumping my own gas.
just watched silent disco I can't believe you took the other part out eitherway i'm now gonna throw a imagination party..
...
right back at u
Hi Kim!
professorssor Hecht said I should introduce myself so you could add me to the list.
Thanks!
yes but we are currently experiencing some bugs.
Should be fixed by Saturday for doctorid and apple
can't wait to watch you vibrate RT : custom cupcakes 5
ah : okay!
Thanks fellow Mahomie
Heard a colleague say in a meeting today, universities are no places for innovation.
Ideally, I think, they should be.
miss those lonely stoner nights.
.
.
hot rod is such an inspiring movie
0.79 for sparkling water at Trader Joe's is definitely the highlight of my weekend.
Looks like a great movie!
I'm in San Francisco so unfortunately won't be there.
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend, Nick!!!!3
Promoting a book is officially the most awkward thing I've ever done.
thank you
is she going to do playboy or is it all over for her?
This game makes me much more confident.
At least they are trying!
I think it's time to start charging prospective employers and clients to interview me.
Cyborg chauffeur pulled over for turning left on red, trying to doctorg me into the doctorver's seat.
Let me finish this tweet, Gamgam!
Wake up !
....Is the loneliest number since the number one?
because my twitter have a problem , i unfollow you and i follow you again , try again :'/
can you ask B if he wants to meet me for dinner tomorrow?
The Avengers was a good azz movie in 3d
damn girl I saw on YouTube dancing to I think shakira u were shakin it like CRAZY!!!!!
:
I am an interior designer if you are open to working via the web
I can't wait time get my little dog...
that's all I think about.
lol a skirt with a pink top
Catholic Hoops league would keep ND football independent.
Otherwise, ACC offers best academic mix  lacrosse!
Hey lady beside me, I told you someone was sitting there.
So MOVE.
No?
Jerk.
hahaha where you at im with des we on our way I your place
Too much?
I find most women do not give themselves enough credit  rely on makeup excessively
hahaha that's good!!
you're too cute.
It's sort of like backwards emphasis  the error brings attention to the subject.
I hope you were being serious :x
I should have known someone already had that covered.
you like where you are ranked?
really glad to be here in Austin for SXSW ...enjoy the copyblogger party and networking
CTIAEnA wonder why people are quiet.
They are all connectors.
that's illegal.
LET'S GO
YOUNG LOVE MURDERED,THAT IS WHAT THIS MUST BE.
good morning alli ; i miss ur videos, youre really positive ;
Always a pleasure to see your pretty face!
Cowboys may be 86.
Yet these Texans lose to a 1 win team.
I guess makin playoffs first time in 11 years is progress.
Going to look at new cars.
absolutely love this writeup!
you must meet such a sweetie;
Today turned out pretty ok : had fun at the mall with my besties!!
Missed you guys!
Needs to happen again :
Yes.
Still a lot of filming left to do.
Footage looks good so far.
:
Quality time at home with family  priceless.
It sounds like my neighbors are blowing shit up.
Wiki is freaking out.
I don't blame her.
I actually made my ex boyfriend take me to best buy and buy it for me.
:
I saw your mom today...
I'm sure you can guess how that went.
Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how it's meant to be.
at least enjoys insomnia whenever its productive
TOTALLY AGREE!!!
Nice move coach!
Almost ready to perform the 1st act of the play all the way through.
It's a 25 pg monologue, you understand.
Christ.
hahaha.
see I'm masochistic enough to like that postyoga pain.
I don't care if it's uncool, if you have an amazing Mom, you love her.
Mine helps kids at the Boys  Girls Club  is an incredible artist.
great to see you today!
I hope the taco did not disappoint  you are doing well.
Sad to be leaving SXSW.
So much to think about.
Met smart people and witnessed magic.
I can feel something really good about to happen.
Will Pearson lead the content revolution?
Content not as an artifact, but as a service, both personalized and social?
Gonna go hunt for food.
Be back in like some ood minutes.
Nail, eyes, an toes on my agenda today its a must gotta keep it cute !!!!!
National Peanut Brittle Day!
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.Channing Pollock
hey there.
: I'm god and you :o
ooh!
I'll be at Preakness on Sat also..
and am strongly considering WineInTheWoods for sunday :
Ahh..
Well, you're talking to someone who was terrified by a chipmunk at Yaddo .
TotalCityGirl Can't wait for Djerassi tho!
Been hard at work all day on a Sunday.
Went to Peoria skate park for Davids skate sesh gave him new bearings discuss new graphics .
Thanks for the shout out and for your support!
I'm talking about your dog...
good point MT : Genre writers shd give marketing bootcamps to lit fic writers.
They understand importance of interacting with fans
Viva Mexico y La Batalla De Puebla.
Taco De Mayo!
Come get your Mexican fix with us!
Watching the lion king.
my fav childhood movie of all time.
:
i need eveyone to follow join the movement
Touchdown Green Bay!!!
will you dm us your email addoctorss so we can arrange getting your prize to you?
Romeo Santos ft Usher Promise someone sing this song to me 33
Ok that's it.
I have to get this 50 Shades of Grey ish.
My curiousity is piqued!
Back to getting zero Facebook notifications a day.
MAN FUCK INDIANA
Liberal learning inextricably tied to technology
Working at in 58 minutes...
Hopefully a cup of Tanzania Peaberry will help me combat the wind...
That awkward moment when your old teacher tags herself at a bar.
I had lots of bestfriends and now I have just 1 because my bestfriend cole left and I will never see him again and I had a big crush on him
That's a good way to do it.
I might go that route.
i got an extra one if you really want one :D
Don't confuse being elite with becoming extinct
lol no one follows me
Tribune deserves a fair and comparable contract!
This is a season of pruning and promise.
Welcome back to school.
Hope everyone's classes are doing well.
Get psyched for Fall Rush '09 next week!
Will do, but I'm thanking you now for thank me later, LOL at one of my favorite phrases.
Cheers!
LOL!!
that must be it:
RT On the forf of thuhlie.
Yeah, that's it.
Can I just go ahead and do a layaway investment on whenever SocialCam goes ipo?
Youtube is so fucked.
We do have the technology!
Never a question of if...only one of when....:
Pretty proud of what we accomplished yesterday w/ !
Bo my bob!!
Hahahahah
THX for stopping throu C YA next time u in INDY be safe!
Stop Coming To My House
Beaming Stars Community Center  B Hulk presents LaDo Fitness Program....
Our program is a Youth/Adult Obesity Prevention Program..
ACROSS THE UNIVERSE had a great concept, but I felt it unraveled and not in a good way the second half.
thanks man happy you like it I'm going to try to realy push my self this year
Totally been there.
It's bad when it is a member of your committee.
Well...
Thats Another year I didn't miraculously get doctorfted into the NFL..
Bought a new suit and everything smh
Also witnessed a lot of vile happenings in British prisons this past weekend.
I might have felt better about the move if he had taken Pat White with him...
Indeed.
Maybe the next one will do it.
Microsoft is getting there, slowly, but surely.
I'm cheering for them; Apple needs competition.
more will over time.
I tweet for the council so personal accts are going thru withdoctorwal.
hola star grat glasses as usual :
Wherever I am, there is joy and laughter.
Louise Hay
You and find that dog you were lookin' for?
What a night for ya!
Glad we had a chance to catch up.
Golf time!
I worked out an acoustic version of JimiHendoctorx 's Burning of the Midnight Lamp in open G.
I can hear harpsichord in the open strings.
Got my printer to work again.
Now I can print all the esl exercises I need from home.
Life is so good!
But more barriers users have to register for 1.library 2.amazon/ebrary/ebsco,etc 3.adobecontentserver, before using
Hate feeling anxiety.
Not a good feeling...
Just inbetween
Happy Thansgiving to you too!
RT : All of 's tweets are getting me to excited for this summer's olympics
www.actorsintensive.com  Oneonone private  online coaching sessions for actors, writers  directors.
Take your work to the next level!
so confused right now.
But still love you and all of your random tweets ;
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 24
appreciate it
ah cool.
I've got a Samsung fascinate by Verizon but I had it since last spring.
things keep falling through
What's most depressing about DoomsdayPreppers is that the fate of human existence will be left to people like those in it.
Happy Valentine's day Twitter!
: I hope everyone is loved today!
Kisses 2 Xo Babes
YO we play tomorrow!
Showbox...
We called hussle club.
Wanna come?
Over 600 followers today!
Keep it up guys.
Can't wait to see everyone in the Fall.
We have a great schedule to release.
The schedule is out!!
March 24th needs to hurry up and get here
definitely saving it to faves.
to trainwrecky not too.
Yup RT : My neck hurts from all body rockin yesterday.
Thanks
If I had a dollar for every time I said I like that doctorss on the bachelor this season I'd be broke as shit
Thanks for the kind words and the great company.
Cheers!
How about a reality show called The Decision Every week a player announces where he's going or a team announces a trade.
ONE DIRECTION HERSHEY TICKETS NEXT YEAR :'D
Beta bros betta be in the number, especially Grayson, Cook, et al.
I went to a track meet today ok 727 that's my track team
im so confused D:
I'm so excited for you and your trip!
What if ceelo and performed Remebering Sunday i think i would pass out
You be the bird, I'll be the feather.
We'll be the best of friends forever
The problems seen in your life are just challenges to overcome.
Enjoy life!
In further regards to previous post, clearly the 17 yr old in this piece hasn't heard of Burning Man or the myriad other music fests...
RT : There are many heroes around the world who stand ready to help Earth in the coming struggle.
Meet the members of......
Alan Schwarz's reporting on MTBI Committee; suicides; Omalu and Congressional action was catalyst to lawsuits.
Hitting the restart button here.
Get onboard and help us offer greater opportunities to girls and women to play highlevel soccer.
Miami beat the knicks and now watchin clippers and the grizzlies
raw10 People say, 'Birds of a Feather, Flock together'.
I keep telling my Girlfriend, I know she's a undercover Freak!
King Yellowman WILL be at the VintageReggaeWinterFest
ABQ Sunport good times watching people do stupid things.
Yeah sometimes you don't mean the things you say, but you ALWAYS seem to fucking say something you don't mean.
Amazing concept car at TED!
The future is near w this one!
Congrats!
for sure!
Will be trying to live tweet when possible
He's like the guy version of me.
:o aha
omg, I'm with you.
Like, honestly, what on earth was that performance.
She really is the worst.
DM us the details or your contact info and we will see if we can help you out!
working, law, investing, organizing
Setting the Saints over under at 8.5 this year.
Any takers?
I'll take either side of that bet.
what's the first part of your number.
?
I have two for you and need to delete one !
Just don't go on whoever it is it's not funny
I just finished a 2.10 mi run with Nike GPS.
What part is false?
That the lib bub is fact based?
Until the right buys evolution and climate change they are useless
Super excited about the Packers doctorft.
Brought much needed attitude and intensity to the defense!
Thoughts on the Bears?
.I feel fuckin lazy but I don't want to be out in the cold  i have to bus it home.
On the real it's not on my agenda  won't end up on it.
Good morning world!!!
Have an amazing day!!!!
Xoxoxo
Sorry.
I hope u do well I am praying for you and your family
Like I don't know that was about me hahah.
love San Francisco.
Enjoy your chowder.
I'm having a pretzel in NYC today.
Honestly..
i could use a blunt right now .

That's the hopeful plan, Stan...
Oy.
:
Oh same here.
I can't not watch it.
HACK THE PLANET
Thanks for the general yesterday.
I Learned a lot and STG is an awsome place with great people!!
Did you get our email about the blog?
I need a clone May be possible.
Wouldn't want clone of self though ...
I'd want one who was strong in my weaker areas.
to someone else for example tylerXD
Thank you for initiating the FF!!
Have a great Friday :
My pretty angel you came from above
Glad you're home.
Sounds like it's getting dicey over there.
So sad that my frostwire isn't working :
Y'all will do great.
Wish I could be there
Take me far, beyond imagination
You played me, but thats not the worst part.
The worst part is I believed you....
Morning.!!
Wish me luck on my performance today
Oh yeah P.S.
lolol happy 050809 Lilly.
;D
I can't wait to try it!!!
Oops, we're sorry.
Good morning !
:
...
Alert them to put it on a car.
I really don't enjoy McDonalds, however .......
11 Months Old
whats up nick
I don't think I have ever needed coffee, a back massage, or ice more in my life
yeah the more I hear about it the more I'm convinced my bangs gave my lazy eye l o l
i miss my dad.
Get ready  Portland Pinbrawl 2012 is happening Sunday, April 22nd!
More details soon...
Dig it....Marine Corps' newest recruiting tool: A Dunkin Donuts on base, first in the area opens today at Camp Pendleton.
Mother's are amazing that way.
Thanks for sharing a geat vision.
Headed out east for early Easter!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
: it would be a doctoram come true if said happy birthday to mee!!!
:D
Oh yeah...
Who could forget.
Summer session starts this week, too.
thanks for the follow!!!
90 degrees?
Loving this t shirt and sunglasses weather!
Plus only 3 more days till Vegas!
Thanks for the RT.
We agree!
Water and green tea help detoxify and rehydoctorte your body and clear your skin.
8 cups of water and 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day!
but that pic is beautiful.
I wish I could teleport!
Time for to rage quit in like 10 mins lol
Maybe my boy at FORMA can help wit your campaign.
He beat your frenemy Norma Chavez.
White boy in brown seat, he can help.
love that you're tweeting Cindy!!
With all that chew, I'm surprised how many teeth major league players still have.
Workn on this marriage thing makes me really think nd I dnt lik bein deep wit myself
The winner is: !
Congrats!
Thanks everyone for participating and we love you all!
I wish it was Friday already!!
Lucy is on too!!
LOU!
how many songs have you boys made so far?xx can't wait to hear them!
Thanks!
RT like the SD trade up.
we agree on doctor to DEN.
nice work
Thanks again to for a great golf outing yesterday!
Super interested in what two T.
Rex's having sex would be like.
Anyone else admiring the speed of Clemson?
I'm A Gigolo Spendin Lots Of Dougghhhh!
RT I can't stand a nigga who acts like a gigolo.
Amazing Grace and Chuck ...on SONYHD
Dexter Pittman is trending, someone take a screenshot of it for him.
Might be his biggest accomplishment ever.
i swear if i end up going to whetstone next year i will cry tears of joy
I really hate the fact that all the Celtic fans on my timeline look good though ....
Well besides one and I zipped her tweets quick fast!
or need to rap to that instrumentals
Defense looks beast.
Tons of blocked shots...
I actually didn't and I regret it.
it's tonight.
I can't believe those prices!
100 for a bicycle in 1895!
Remix Rihanna Where Have You Been
Create a Blessing Today!
Be a Blessing Today!
:
One day we want to hang out with just because he seems like a rad dude.
: We also feel compelled to cook for him.
Bizarre.
No Kansas fans our hotel yet but I ran into a couple Ohio State fans though.
Real question Oklahoma Joes or Arthur Bryants?
The shit I put up with smh
Just because I don't tell you I love you, doesn't mean I don't.
Sometimes it means that you mean more to me then those 3 words explain.
I do love how Gmail reminds me when I've said in an email that I attached a file but forgot to attach it.
No Big Ten or Atlantic 10 team has won the Old Spice Classic, until today.
Dayton or Minnesota.
the gas tweet, ask Margie about the evacuation of concourse B lol
lucky.
I had some earlier today though.
:
this is very educational how rag gossip newspapers get their information and ruin people lives,
I'm not hungry
It's cool.
I'm in the front of the line and she's in the back.
If she blows will go 1st
I'm ready to see my sisters this weekend.
thank you!
We're hiring.
Project Manager position is open!
Are you an energetic PM with magazine experience?
Almost there!!
Get to start pre production today!!
Double Technical Fouls.
Wow
damn, than maybe I'll do that.
Anna!
Genius!
Thank you!!!
thursday  wine time w/ and others
Cinco De Mayo Idea: Make homemade quesadillas with , and boom  happy kids.
Do work Andoctorw Larkin!
Good luck on your second day at the combine!
no joke!
Hahaha you should hear me sing his song, Dirt Road Anthem i'm so good at it, i should sing a duet w/ him ;D
RT I leave for exactly 2 weeks from today.
I'm so ready.
/// bro we still need to get together..
That's your oldest joke!
hand sanitizeritas, Spangsters...you know it's that thing where smart people like Steven Hawking turn into gangster rappers  make it rain.
Rainy days are quite nice every once in a while
How big of an ICONiac are you?
:
i have total snow envy right now!
Not sure yet, but I'm jealous!
Where in FL?
if I made her big titty ass squirt in the pool...
I shud have cuz dats big titty money lol
Let's Go Miami Heat
'hang on a little bit before you get excited.' 
BUT YOU LIE
Yea I know, trying to find a bright side3 And it is here too!
Like 107 degrees two days ago...
Daddy I want another pony.
now get out there  find me a hot guy LOL:
Can't wait for the new album, you guys are some bad chicken tacos.
thank you for the forward.
I love my radio peeps.
In fact I'm married to one.
Haha glad you agree!
Santorum could be doctorpping out?
://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2012/04/10/reportsantorumtodoctorpout.html via
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me without cause
nah, there's none down this way...many friends back home go there all the time...they love it...
Gates may be old and fat according to some source, but he is still THE MAN.
It sucks in Madison!
Windy, cold, and snowing :
oomf finna feel that fire under they ass
Nice effort by to make that catch.
your cuteness is natural aww best thing said to me all day :
Haha that's hilarious!!
that's a good one!
Happy Friday!
Who's using their Wrecking Balm today?
jobs bill is lies, it takes 2 to 7 yrs to get road  bridge jobs ready
Roger Waters announces live performance of THE WALL at Yankee Stadium on July 6, 2012
hey i was wondering if you could give me a birthday shout out, my bday is tomorrow, and also thanks for following me.
:
Headshots  Should look like you on your best day, not overly doneup or unlike how you normally look.
Use the app to find a photographer!
what channel :
Thanks!
I think it will be a good time : Did you see my tweet about reservations?
Paddlock your style
Bah!
Rear trailing arm bushings shot on the car now.
Ehh, know what im doing this weekend.
U the wifey type beautiful
5 Coolest Things.
SR71 Takeoff.
Forward swept wing aircraft.
DC8 aircraft for flying science  500ft.
600 rocket launches.
InTheSummer I use to go to bed 4 am  wake up 1 pm.
We're getting slammed with a winter storm.
Stay off the roads if you can but be extremely cautious if you do doctorve...it's wild out there.
Soo excited cant wait to see what you guys throw down!
never thought that i could be replaced as a best friend .
people change over the years :
Lol  I need to find out who I gotta screw to get a degree
I KNOW I AM WATCHING IT LOVE IT DO U ???!
burned 248 calories doing 30 minutes of Running 10.6 min mile with hills
On police scanner 47th and Schafer mentioned much
and no we will not be open for the mariners games
Thanks for the follow Mark.
seems like a great company.
Video and Microtargeting interest me the most...
yeah me and ashley got in a pic together  she said she liked my shirt :
Show Tonight at THE GRAPE ROOM in Manayunk.
105 Grape Street, Doors at 7, 7.
Did you see Steve Stucker's award this morning?
Yeah, we're proud of him, too!
DemiOnPunkdTonight yes i am so excited to see this episode
Visit my colleagues , , at the SLA2011 event in Philly!
Theyll be at booth 1131!
Yes RT : In a virtual world we can evoke assessment that can't happen with paper/pencil.
Builds rich audit trail.
Dede
Thanks buddy!
I'm free at last!
It's surprising how many accredited doctors snuff off the science.
It should be the only thing that matters
yeah bruva.
check the news.
Like the VacantHouseBand on Facebook!
Let 'em know you liked it!
Go Kansas!!
To the people who coming back around because you know I'm almost done with school, youainshit.
Shout out to the ones who stuck around!
didn't I just see u there ??
:
create a focus group, team up, ask for 30 minutes of a doctor, present case to prescribe the community
follow back?:
Everything finally setup with Ready to start swiping
These refs are terrible.
Every replay shows Davis getting hammered with No calls
Washington Dc in the building
Save Cuillier giving Data Ethics Checklist for databased reporting in opening session of Soc of Pro Journalists Denver conf.
yea yea
Show tonight in columbia, SC.
Last show in the Carolinas for a while.
Back to FLorida in the am.
:
So ready for football season!!!
BBN4L
I still don't know why people hate on How about you try selling out a show in 22 minutes.
Its not easy!!
Like really?
Noone ruins my Sundays
will you really
I own 2 season tickets to UK football yet chose to stay home and mow the lawn.
Mitch, are you listening?
Baby in the office, baby in the office
Boycott these co's 'til they leave ALEC: Johnson  Johnson, Kraft, UPS, State Farm Ins, Bayer, Walmart, Pfizer, ATT, ExxonMobil PLEASE RT
InCaseYouDidntKnow I was there, so don't try to change the story.
those too!
well, gonna hop off  c what i can give away/trash.
lovetodownsize : ttyl
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dogloving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
How'd it go?
Jealous you are home for today's Eagles game but can't complain about the 80 degree weather here.
Saw Wepner..
ctfu hell yeah he be makin everybody look so short
are you talking about that Zohan piece of garbage?
can't wait to work with you!
MyCelebCrushIs A Bad Lay.
cute kid
doctoresen did save Elway's cell number.
MTV's Real World is coming to US Open Sandcastle Comp next month in IB.
Ready for something new in my life...time to make decisions and changes!
I'll have to see if there's a podcast.
In my world of Cinco de Mayo for a bday NOT going to Mexican food is a special occasion!
Headed to 3 Foods Cafe with the fam to celebrate
Be sure to pick one that matches my monocle and smoking jacket.
sometimes I really wish it were true...
nice stick figures too by the way!
Dammn rite im sleeping on yu niqqa give me my pillow!!
Will do!
Much needed break.
:
Thanks for all your support  We are so excited about TEDx Youth Day in Miami  November 20 
that awkward moment will be moot soon enough!
Some talent still left in the doctorft pool...Kellen Moore, Chris Polk, Broderick Green, James Rogers, Alfonzo Dennard, to name a few.
I feel SO much better now.
:
Movies with my baby!!
Are they announcing regionals already?
yes when you get 1 msg me your gamertag
Your shoes are oddly fascinating.
Flats first, heels top out at platforms in late 20s,  gradually down to flats again.
you do realize i could have gotten her right?
Secretlust tweet!!!
Somebody feeling a certain way huh?
RT : Embracing your sex appeal is a beautiful thing.
Lmaooo selena looks like justins mother..they don't make a good couple nicki minaj love u
tminus 4 days!
is in for a HUGE surprise ;
Nothing much, Just got in from a long day of filming.
I'm eating dinner now.
How about you?
Make sure u nominate exile for all eligible catagories at the Ohio hip hop awards.
This year were gonna make noise!
I'm finding out that twitter is mostly for smart phone people...don't have one, just a laptop...oh well...
20thingsaboutme that 3 in AP euro was the best of all my APs.
i thought that test kicked my ass.
Job creation is crucial for the survival of cities.
Joan Clos, ED of UNHabitat.
Forgot I have a bruise on my cheek, I just rubbed my face, HOLY SHIT OUCH.
Aw are you cold?!
Well that's what you get for wearing booty shorts to a night game ya dumb bitch!
You said you loved me, but now you flipping like reciprocals
Come get one mouth watering burger
Not in the mood now...
Hi, remember me?
You used to smile when you saw me, hug me for no reason, talk to me for no reason  love me for who I am.
I miss that.
What's your favorite part about KC?
New from Comcast!
Internet Essentials: 9.95 Internet service for qualifying families with kids who receive free lunches...
congrats to who is receiving my last pair of am90 infrared for completing a mjace challenge lmao
Let's go Lakers, put these people out of their misery!!!
Hey college students  bring an awesome speaker to your campus for your next event, conference, or lecture.
Contact !
What's goodie my G
Hooka and beer with the best in my porch
and more!
Call to reserve your space  212.594.9616.
The object of Art is to give life a shape.
William Shakespeare
Grambling is tear Southern up this Bayou Classic!
Leave her alone....
eh, it was better on paper than on screen.
so yea small balls  anger issues I guess the world balances himself
Tim Tebow will be in the top 100 even though I don't think he should.
Hopefully he is on today's show
Wonderful to see you, as always.
Thanks for your support
Congrats!
I had to get involved in ending the reign of legal ignorance over craft beer.What's brewing?
Please doctorp me a line.
Eric Cantor is a traitor.
Putting Israel's interests before the US.
If a Dem did that all TV talking heads would be screaming.
But IOKIYAR
Get Markakis out of the 3 hole.
He is no more a 3 hitter than Andino at this point.
Hey I'm performing in Fort Myers  the Laugh In Cafe, Feb 34.
Tell a friend.
Great weekend to you!
Mexican Wolverine :///
I'll link to my review tomorrow.
The Brazilian origins of the dance and the music should make this really unique.
We all die.
The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will
wow!
soulmates?
I got you a little something for your birthday but I cant wait so I'm probably gonna give it to you on Monday  lmaox
When you are having casting for a video in Miami let your Miami base twitter fans know!
Today could not get worse
I posted late on Wednesday's post.
Had to think about what I posted but it's a done deal now.
Praying it helps someone :
Yum!
Can't wait!
maybe it was perfect?
:
Just met Leroy Butler
What's up cuzzo?
yeah, that's what I was thinking too.
Just thought I'd double check :
Chad Kroeger, HERO OH YEAH...where is my SPIDERMAN?????
CC looks good so far!!!
More than one woman told the whole truth about his life ..
hey sweetie how your day today it's raning down here even the way yoou look you could make the be better buy looking at your pic
Bella's doctorss was hotter than Kate middleton's
How bout WeGotSweptLikeBitches?
RT : Need Lakers templates in tweets?
I need to come toTarget more often.
Delayed choice entanglement swapping does spice up the psi discussion re: retrocausation Be wary of oversimplifying 2 ensembles
aww.
I do!
I like the zippers too.
They're real pockets!
Kill me now.
well, because I'm a Moose.
lesson learned just now  it pays to stop coding, step back, learn a good way and then get back to it.
fridayreads Finishing The Long Goodbye by Raymond Chandler and rereading Kindoctord for !
Walker texas ranger could kick Donyell Marshall in the head while playing piano in
Hey!
Rey gave me his glove after a game last year so don't bash him, even though he does suck hah
I was just saying...
I keep having doctorams about Disney land o.O it's weird
MBUSA announces teams for
Tattoo tuesday at secret gentlemens club.
Come win a tattoo from counts tattoo shop.
2 beer.
4 well.
And me!!!
People seriously need to find new topics to talkk aboutt
runs in slow motion no jumps on to the pancake I just saved your life!
now get the Kings to sign me
Please follow us.
I know we can make a difference together.
Mitch
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Right.
I can buy him not remembering  life is long, and he probably bullied others  but it clearly happened.
Thought rain would make me sleepy but maybe not.
Just yawny.
This is not good news Brewers place Chris Narveson on 15day DL with tear in his left Rotator Cuff.
yeah, i love you too.
Does anybody have a tablet or iPad for sale with camera!
And also looking for ipod!
Send pics and price in here if 3046122469 texts only
What da hell bobby
in dallas?
tank and i spent 8 unneeded hours together waiting for a battery to charge that never worked.
awesome.
Baking and Easter dinner preparations, mow lawns, clean house, opry mills mall perhaps.
Good thing I woke up at 7!
Here we go!
which thunderbird are you playing at?
RT HabitatRestore HabitatWC's ReStore sells used  surplus building materials at a fraction of original.
That's fantastic!
RT Our FOT tree is 12 years old now and gives shade to our block.
hahha, I'm totally turned on by this : Zac Efron accidentally doctorpped a condom on the red carpet at the premiere of The Lorax.
psh celebrity apprentice is a great friday night ....the doctorma between Lisa and Diana has sucked me in!
Life gives us brief moments with another...but sometimes in those brief moment we get memories that last a life time...
Mikey on the track music FOLLOW qm 
Awesome pick!
Good work!
RT : Excited to welcome Nick Perry to the Packers.
Good football player.
Power out on Amtrak 173 Boston to New York.
Stranded half way.
Temporary?
I'm balding but I believe a girl will love me for whats on the inside.
Problem is, I'm also balding on the inside.
debuts today on FoxSports.
a baseball talk show for kids, hosted by kids.
I am going to WBF we should meet up there.
thank you!
Best.
Weekend.
Ever?????
xoxo
Spinning with Linny
Fall TV stuff.
Some looks great, while some are turdly looking.
We need ideas for our 2012 list.
Know dates for any events/festivals/food celebrations coming to the 'Burgh in 2012?
This had to be one of the fastest weeks to go by.
Voter turnout for the wirecall primary was around 30 of eligible voters.
everything that dont make since about me, makes since when im with youu 3
I've been living with myself all of my life, so I know all of me.
So when I watch me, all I see is me.
It's boring.
Its might funny how yhu didnt wana pay me no attenion and ignore my call but now yhu wana blow up my fone and call me werid
Justin Beiber.
Do I really need a reason?
I'm editing a piece and not sure how to explain the changes I made.
I broke up the excessive dependent clauses???
MAN i missed on twitter bc i was doing my last book report : i am sad now
So, just how 39;nontraditional39; is Jessica Simpson39;s baby name?
we can't wait!!
RT This Sunday Long Beach Patchwork Festival from 11am5.
At the Marine Stadium Bay shore.
Super fun event!!!
DONT INSULT MY INTELLIGENCE
I strive to help protect people, when I get the calls that someone didnt make it, it hurts, but you keep fighting
i gotta say, is putting forth a solid effort to make a splash.
dope video.
yall need to holla at black caesar lets network for the tone
Just got home from a 1st date...It went well!!!
I look forward to the 2nd!!!
first date
Jus never been dominated in 2k how LeBron is doing us right now lbs
Without a Father needs extras.
If you are interested please let us know at .
Sitting at SoHo House WHollywood working away, June gloom in LA this morning, with 15 dollar Americano's...good times
and co.
thanks for dialing in my cronus cx on a very busy black friday.
rides so much better.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody
lol XD thank you captainin obvious no but seriously i'd care god forbid something happened to you.
thanks for following!
:
I'm exempt from my Spanish final
Tina you just dont tweet enough, what are you actually on the phone with real people or god forbid outside?
Love You.
im tired of it
ok.
Lol.
Bye.

I don't care how old you are, if you don't respect me i'm not respecting you.
Word to the wise: never smile after eating oreos.
santa clara...u?
this was spectacular and much needed!
Starting cooking young increases your confidence.
Esp.
As a male.
via : If you want your childoctorn to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others Haim Ginott
FF  to get a special PROMOTION PACKAGE which includes Radio Airplay  PROMO for your Music
omg!!
Yes!
I forgot about those hahaha
Who's comin to MyStudio tonight for OMARIONS Official Mixed tape Red Carpet event with special CONFIRMED Invited guest CHRIS BROWN!!!
Yay for a great night!!!
Small job outside of Athens.
Anyone headed that way?
: End of an error.
RT : Source: Dodgers sale has closed.
McCourt era has ended.
Lmao point made
This book is getting interesting.
TODAY'S ZYX'S SPONSORED BY
man went to supa ghetto as apartment party not even a house party and got robbed out of 3 dolla cause we paid and wasnt there but a couple
if anyone was ever this excited to see me I'd probably die.
you're a precious man.
SEE YOU IN NEW YORK, BABY!
I know what it is..
you ain't catch up on ya sports center today?
too busy watchin reality shows?
lol
that's a wonderful thing to do:
Can't wait till I can doctorve:x
Just switched my saved GoogleBooks to Life is so much better with good metadata.
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!!
Defeat is my common enemy, I hate defeat.
congads bill the brewers superfans always behind ya.
Good luck
: Glee club was cool.
Rapped Bohemian Rhapsody instead of singing it.
guess WHAT dudes.
THIS SHIT WILL NOT STAND.

I'm too nice to the wrong people.
I need to stop believing there's good in everyone
this sexy toe is out......
love you austy baby ; lol.
Via: Leadershipfreak If all you care about is making the numbers, you don't care enough.
If you are a girl...
Let me be the first to tell you that you need to go ahead and read fifty shades of Grey.
O Well I Aint No Hater I Jus Talk Shyt But I Do Give Props.
Wear Her Legz Like EarMuffs N She'll Love It.
Chesapeake Finsh Line Tower!
people do less dangerous things, while using social media and get in trouble less?
Was that in the script?
PUT ME N THE LOOP BADNEWZ FT doctorGZ PRODUCE BY THE PRODUCER .......FIRE LOOPY IF U AINT HEAR THIS THEN U AINT IN THE LOOP!
lol that's how they do it I guess.
just float it lol rookie of the year was my fav movie for awhile pitchers got a big butt lol
just breathe you got this
We are still waiting for our Fanzy winner to contact us from March.
Be sure to check your emails!
hahaha great idea, Don't forget to bring a towel
tell gab I said what up!!!
Watch: Jackson Loses His Cool
Amazing fact.
: Great trivia question and answer on the Colorado broadcast: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9 of all hitters, ever.
: With the win tonight, the have been officially eliminated from the 2012 NBA Playoffs.
No!!!!!!
S/O to my gurl Lakecia Benjamin for blessing my tracks so awesomely today.
masterStackinBeatzMadBlood POOF!!!
Fair enough.
At least there are free and inexpensive events around town this time of year, too.
I love golf, butgolfhatesme!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Aww, Cryssy, I'd date you.
But I'm married.
straight.
But I still luv u lots.
Maybe I'll go into my lab  build you a man...
: A walk to remember has to be one of the greatest movie on earth hands down...
hey thats our movie!
phone died call me back when your done with your shower
All dat fake shit gotta perish...
You are very welcome!
Thank you for the follow as well.
gonna try not to stab myself during this last conference call of the week!
so tired of talking to vendors and consultants.
Random words idea came from great book POEMCRAZY.
Author used for prompts and I've just taken it a bit further :
Cop me one too please!
They're on it.
You should hear from them shortly.
Sucker Punch, the ninjas only weakness!
If you hear it coming, it's the last thing you'll ever hear.
edchat committed as a principal to support learning, aspire to philosophy that the good teachers should not be stressed.
Based on the people around me, I'm guessing the destination of this bus is the bowels of hell.
Thank you so much!
Wow  9 yrs flies by when having fun at
when you look me in the eyes, i catch a glimpse of heaven.
3
That's the thing: everybody THINKS this and THINKS that.
Better chance of Bazz to UCLA than Noel to Gtown, though.
okay chris jericho is getting a little carried away with his jackets
RT OUCH!!!
RT : u dnt even kw wat house music is RT : Coming to sing 4 u RT : I miss house music
on 300 shares, lol!
be patient, it will hit my short term target of about 3.05 in my opinion, and might exceed it.
Don't quit your day job.
The circus isn't as appealing as it seems.
Thank you!
Enjoyed hearing you in Baltimore 2 weeks ago!
Looking forward to piece on Freeman!
Go Curley Friars!
You may vote for UP TO 8 members at large but you do not HAVE to vote for eight.
ugh, not what I wanted to hear as I walk into a meeting!
its raining and thundering!!!!!
RT Pride and Prejudice, one of my all time favorites.
I've watched this '05 version at least 50x JaneAusten
FF my partner in slime
where's the petco at?
Might need to head back to DMV..
just installed 1.5 and it crashes repeatedly on startup.
NOT PROMISING.
Ted Mondale  Vikings making substantial contribution to creating venue that public will use 355 days per year.
Johnny Bananas  Camilla hasn't tweeted nothing yet?
Wonder if it's a sign?
WONDER
fo.low me
you're right  I love mandolins!
Can't see this link  could you repost?
Thanks!
Slow down, and stop making silly fouls...
As always you are more than welcome...lol ;
Someone just waved at me as I doctorve by them and I couldn't tell who it was.
Lawls.
Looking forward with optimism, ignoring the rear view!!!
Second to last INDOOR copetition today!!!
Gonna be awesome!!
Especially the 2 1/2 hr bus ride..
lol;;
The only thing worse than finding a creepycrawly in your home is finding just the leg of a creepycrawly in your home.
I need to clean my room for this weekend.
RT : You did the cause proud, !
RossiSnook we are providing access it's just mediated to YFF Collection.
Some teen thugs preoccupied w/darker themessome not!
dee brown from Illinois may be faster just could never figure out the change of speed thing
Life's best lessons are learned at the worst times.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Have a great day bruh bruh!
The tournament buyin will be 250, with an additional 50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails  silent auction follow.
U no men have there periods too
Tip of the day: meatloaf can be served with egg or without egg.
Wish would invite that pig over for a BarBQ!
Go Casey!
You should be able to use your Transvip voucher  whenever you arrive to get to your host family house.
heading to walnut in a few.
I Said I Was Sorry ..
thank you!
I hope you did too!
love you!
Good Morning Austin!: I Love You Please, Please, Please Follow Me!:
nowplaying This Is How We Do It, Montell Jordan
That awkward moment when you're not lying, and you ACTUALLY LEFT YOUR HOMEWORK HOME.
People who like fish on their pizza are weird!
Any Quality Assurance Peeps out there looking for a Perm Position?
3126167974
Happy mothers day
Thanks Linda, it would be a pleasure to meet you.
On route to my 3rd library today.
Gushed about it WOOOH so much books..
yeah bibliophile..but heart libraries so
bestfeeling When you are having a crappy day, but someone tells you that you look nice or look like a 'skinnyminnie' ...I'll take it ;
lmao yea that girl would be hella fine
to be fair, she's probably collecting a fat paycheck from abc basically for being famous for being famous...still i'd take fb stock
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Haven't used a desktop since my internship last summer
LindaFor your househunt, are you looking to buy or rent?
I am happy to help you and have quite a few resources.
Aaron
Ok, for real  somebody get an update on Mariano.
Thanks for the Twitter love!
About to hear at
I've Loved And I Lost 3
it's tough dating a liar, but I guess it's tough dating an actor, too
That hurts!
Thanks for the linksI'll look forward to joining on the wiki.
For 2nd year in a row, I have a conflict  cant attend
Who's running the Joe Kleinerman 10k in Central Park tomorrow?
Should be about 38 degrees at the start gun  brisk but not freezing!
you better keep your fingers crossed for no rain delays or cancelled flights!
Congrats on engagement Mae.
Who's the lucky fella?
follow for chances to win prizes on friday!!!
just as long as u won your part 3
: What's good on tv?
MLBtv will you be able to ride this weekend?
You're so welcome, Emma!
: Thanks for the ff.
Have a great weekend!
Who need more followers?
Retweet this and tweet me 'SWAG' and gain 1OOO followers!
The boyz are gonna be on shake it up!!!
Awww, I love Adam.
Making spit balls out of construction paper and flinging them at me.
How cute.
Clean, low cost, abundantenergy.
A day when you cannot say, Clean your plate, there are people starving
iPhone4S or NexusS ?
I need help deciding!
:S
To all of you who followed me during my absence, thank you for your follow.
Im excited about reading your tweets and being back at Twitter.
Yeah!
RT via : Help Wanted: Telepath; you know where to apply.
I just tweeted 200 times in the past 40minutes...
Feelings hurt!
working on some changes.
Will back up soon
The 99 think like the 99 and that's why they are the 99 bitching at the 1.
Be the 1 by thinking like one.
remember tonight exactly a year ago!
Fucking
I'd LOVE you guys to do a feature about cruelty free cosmetic products.
It would be AMAZING
Last few days I was at hospital for my wife, back in office today
SexTip Guys, if your girl starts to lose the mood during sex, return to foreplay for a minute or two to get her back in the mood.
Lordy  email jail since 8:30 AM.
Makes for an Antsy Dina!
beer curation winding down yet?
There's still some mellow fun to be had at BO!
you furnish the pasta maker, i'll bring the wine...
we can gather the girls and make a night of it.
Allegedly we've put a man on the moon, yet the Facebook app still sucks.
: Merry Christmas to you sir!
Have fun tomorrow at RAW!!
:D Thanks :D
imagine you and Louis are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you.
you: not here.
Louis: then let's go to the bathroom ;
your story inspires me, thank you!
I do not wear curator pants.
I wear Hammer pants.
Wait...
these actually look like something MC would have been into...
Glad u njoyd it!
Givn God all the Glory.
I had a great time with you guys!
ihavenotolerance for stupid doctorvers!
I hear hammers and crowbars!
Demo is going smoothly!
Christmas decorations in the office!
I have my own personal mini stocking hanging on my cubicle wall.
Haha...love the holiday spirit!
Cheers
We've switched to showers modeboth rain and snow.
But virtually all valley roads stay wet.
with the case jack out there u can't fold fifth, wp Mike
and you will!
I gotta take a risk take a chance make a chance and breakaway
!!: I'll keep your secret.
3
Just checked out the ratings in the App Store  average of 5 stars and wellearned.
Great way to get addicted to fitness.
doctor Love thinks that a relationship between Daniel Simmons and Beautifull Smith has a very good chance of being successful.
Such an adventures night..got lost downtown and now in a random parking lot with a flat tire.
Right ?
I can't write this paper.
RT Much love to the Lobos on winning the MWC tournament!!
Everyone's a LOBO...WOOF WOOF WOOF!
how was the concert?
Follow and I will send uUR name to the crew, JUSTIN, Cody, peyton and the members of one direction !
No joke :
Boom!
Yeah!
thank you Caroline!!!
Guys were so glad to say we signed our first artist and there debut album will be out January 19,2011
YAY!!!!
Sign up for the mailing list for lube!
:
hah.
hipster?
lame old dude.
You and your locked tweets!
lol
Over/under on the calories in this?
Tim Hortons Cafe  Bake Shop debuts deliciously decadent Caramel Chocolate Brownie Iced Capp Supreme
Hopefully I can double the 50,000 words this month for nanowrimo!
Listen up!
RT : Tourist lessons: if you're going to get doctornk to the point you don't know you're name keep your ID with you.
: walked in to the office past News Channel 6 van, front door crowded with bleach blonds smoking cigarettes; Sammy Moore's ABC hearing!
I'm with !!
PeopleAgainstThePats...
Go Giants!!
Goodmorning everyone !
Its a great day for some fun!
Cumm see me.....
topnotchescorts.net
Pakistan means Land of the Pure.
The Capital is Islamabad, so that could be the Muslim you mention....
RT : Sic Saturdays  240 E Pittsburgh.
It's party time fun craziness.
Extra bass weekly.
Guest Dj Kosmo tonite no cover
Yw, sounds like the perfect tour guide?
; I've doctorven thru CO many X  thought If I ever have chance to live here!?
Now, I do
Sex and sexual compatibility is VERY important, but at times thats what WE ONLY focus on RealityCHECK its NOT EVERYTHING
lol u ready
So excited for mother daughter din at tonight w/ Bring on the grigio!
Dana Point, CA just for the day.
Or, wherever my cat permits me to roam.
Somethings are better not being said.
Track meet today feeling good !
quit protectin those tweets.
You got some retweet material
have a great day luv
Capes are a liability!
My husband would probably agree about the golf, but I've seen him eat haggis batterdipped, deepfried, on pizza.
the power of media!
We can leave the past behind!
Happy Holidays to all
admit it, this is my appeal.
Do what you want im just saying...
words cut deep.
Increase professorts Selling Jewelry at Craft Shows With Gift Boxes Selling handmade jewelry at craft shows can be more professortable with the u
Love that Brittany brought her grandma.
Hate the girls that made fun of her for it!
Received and replied.
Appreciate it man!
3WordsForYou I Miss You
the one and only Daniel mori!
i would follow but i'm over my limit: but can you follow me please?
:
It was great!
Im back home now but going BACK out there in a couple of weeks!
Morning run in Vegas  awesome.
I might not like the people here but the building facades are grand to run through.
And Im not cocky I just love myself
Hell yes!
3.70 more  you can cop a nick sack is all I'm saying.
We've got a lot too learned but god knows we're worth it
Now that's real hustling.
Work hard to achieve your doctorams, no matter how big or how small!
:
Dont trip!
We are not going out of business.
Got some cool changes underway.
As always we are available online but also in some new shops...
I am curious as 2 how u heard of me I really like your pf info mayne POSITIVETHINKING is VITAL in everyday life!
Thats gr8
Females Can Be Players Too .
Yeah, my mom bought it!
but not impossible
In order to ensure he misses a start it would have to be 9 games which is just crazy.
Feeling pretty in pink!!!
why must the e network people always rhyme when talking?
pretty sure cats have a similar system for morning food distribution.
Inefficient and poorly distributed.
that is awesome!
This years Shareathon is even better than last years!
1,000 just to tweet!
nothing what you been on?
Nah.
Just commercials.
On TV, web vids, etc.
I am feeling a strong connection to this lady!
I'm clueless, but competitive.
The Moth,
I don't think of her as riot grrrl but as a great musician.
bring me some!
haha
Do you play Bioshock or have you?
Go to sleep, Ace.
What do you think about the moves Spurs might make today ?
Gary Cahill, Parker, Adebayor maybe?
please follow me!!!
i'm your biggest fan please
and I just witnessed perfection.
OH: he should treat me like a princess damn it I am Rapunzel!
haha doctornks on st pattys day
Chernobyl Diaries: for the generation that missed the Blair Witch Project
No thanks, I don't enjoy listening to teeny pop songs by high school girls, that's so 90s...
thanks much.
I've decided to try to popularize the term little b buddhistwho's with me?
Yes we will
I was gonna tell you my doctoram but it wouldn't fit :
And pining after death seems like a lower bar?
Boxing Quote Boxing is smoky halls and kidneys battered until they bleed.
Roger Kahn
what's wrong with it?
I can just picture WWE '13 right now; the object of the game will be to get your Superstar to trend Worldwide on Twitter.
your gonna love it it's amazing!
best run of my life  love this weather!
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
Albert Camus
Doing great, love the hat, I see your into the holiday spirit.
You are the best thing that's ever been mine.
hard workout  warm weather  nap time
where have u been at
what's wrong wit yo phone
that was colorful.
Like when teachers think an entire class hates them because of one upset student.
Nice example, thanks.
Thanks Ralph!
We'll send you some answers later today.
Lol ..
Why you say that ?
Somethow twitter reminds me of the days of CB radios  comback 
Even though I've read the book now, I still love the movie dear John.
Movies are usually so great, even if the book is better.
Regular sized condoms are so little, aw
How do you know when the stage is level ?
The doctormmer is doctoroling out of both sides of his mouth
Follow back plz?
VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR Guest List Call Or TXT4654148/2291110Ver más
who has facebook?
malia fullerton: most particip asked to reconsent for data submission to dbGaP said yes, but 90 said being askedextremely important!
Blehhh all work no play
The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
Looking for an Aussie actor in Boston Ideally would be 2040, w/ a comedic and punk edge.
Tattoos and spiky hair welcome.
Wonderful Amazing Gyrotonic session.
Thank you !!!!
3
hahahah okay!
It's like a superpower.
It's magical.
i was waiting for you to reply lmaoo im sleepin now shhh lol god night: gl on ur finals mines r coming too 
Glad you were tweeting about the other Karen.
Big shot for us 6259
A good weight for someone to be at may be different than yours.
Focus on being healthy  performing at your best not the number on the scale
I finally fucking made it.
Thanks for letting me know, dude.
who produced such great television?
re; I was representing for you son!
Hook em' horns!!
My resolution for 2012: the maximum supported by my display and graphics card.
Like us on facebook!!
www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
right here
I love the phantom and now we are no longer related
Happy birthday
vs Pacers no, vs OKC o Spurs, SI :
53 days until Vermont.
then come see me!!!
And my 7 year old.
The arc of history bends toward justice.
How are you MAJ?
If u can't understand why looks so bad on this  across the entire family of platforms, then u really just don't get it
My God this is unfortunately so very true.
Not one doctorever asked how I was doing
Federal Agents raid gun shop, find weapons.
MuddButt RT Kobe got the bubble guts
no.
I took the picture.
I can't believe I just locked in a 30yr fixed at 3.75.
It is like they are giving  away!
teamfollowback n I follow back bitch!
hahah I've never doctornk by the pint in the states actually.
so London is still winning.
lol
Congratulations to them.
I thought I was getting an ElfWire email but it was actually an email sent to like 9723832879232 thousand people.
theysaytrueloveisblind but you really gotta have some vision problems if your asking a 400 pound woman to marry you
USF Talent Show tonight at 9 p.m.
in North Campus.
You pick the winners through text voting.
Go support your friends!
:
right on, will keep an eye out..Peace!
littlestar making the cups kiss
I need a nickname
Eli in the Superbowl is teaching our youth that any MouthBreathingDummy can make it in this country, I won't allow it!
ICYMI: sotu2012 proved obama2012 is stronger tax cutter  deficit fighter than
today is going swimmingly, coffee is sort of working.
i'll call it a win
I want my girlfriend to be out of dance.
I wanna talk to her already!
i realize that education is important, but is it really necessary to make us wake up at 5?
i'm more of a night owl :
Caller just labeled me the Newt Gingrich of local radio because I do.not sling mud.
Hate the analogy
: RT : I'm going to next weekend.
Love big bots with spinning blades.
Once I accidentally pressed cancel during that second it says 100 before it actually finishes when rendering a video.
10 Often Overlooked Marketing Strategies Philip Kotler defines marketing as the science and art of exploring, creating, and delivering v
Who is that?
haha idk i had to say it..
thanks for following!
Enjoyed listening to 'Repeated Measures', thanks.
I agree on both accounts.
Estrada is always up for the challenge.
How has Peralta control been this season?
You gotta put your I hate college song on youtube so I can share with my friends!
THAT SHIT'S TIGHT
you don't wanna call nobody else
wat can i say ......something says one thing.....nd he says another...which one to believe?
confused O.o
A pixie cut may be in the near future.
Not a fan of hair in the face
Liked Josh better
already u still in sa?
haha yes!
We will discuss details and the plan tomorrow while doing hair :
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort.
Full effort is full victory.
Thank you, how are you today?
Thanks for pointing these resources out!
I'm still getting the hang of Twitter and am figuring out how best to manage data.
No doubt.
Haven't decided what to get.
Carrying a Ruger LCR for the time being.
We could incorporate dusting into Jules's first birthday party.
Party favor is a new dust rag.
thank yew :
why do my checkins keeps getting retweeted?
you weren't here with me!
me too I hate when Stephanie Carranza doesn't text back ugh!!!
: I hate when people dont text me back!Now i know how it feels.
:
Happy to have run into at the berkeleymunch tonight!
I'm done with all the recording but It's not complete yet.
Still working on the cover
check out single
Transformers 3: Dark of the Hoe
I had time to rewrite my blog from a casino in Macau.
Posted earlier.
Had detention time with some unsavory and suspicious guards.
But...
Such a fun evening with a lot of fun people last night.
Always guaranteed a good time in the Lower East Side.
who isn't down for a warm squirt?
First job interview happening in 3 hours.
If I could sell anxiety on Amazon, I'd be a rich man.
please follow back chanel
YouGetMajorPointsIf you're a Texas girl
15's photo shot was AMAZING w.my bestfriend .
oh no!
I hate being sick.
Hope you feel better.
Hope wasn't contagious!
I will for the man who brought us Forrest Gump
I don't get the love affair with Josh Smith.
hope your Tucson days are filled with otter pops, maruchan soup, disturbing solstice rocks, and Bob Key
Share your time and talents with people in need  the life you change will be your own.
Yes!
: Looking forward to playing at Curio in with and on Tuesday!
9:30midnight
To make culture authentic again, need to create shared moments
Smh They just don't know or care that in order to be a good teacher u have to be a good student.
Nothing wrong with learning.
It's happened a couple times since then..
Would love to see Loyola pull off the upset
If only I had  1B.
I guess I wouldn't be tweeting about this stuff, if I did ;
thank you so much for stopping by!!
but Britt is cuter ; lol
Lunch reading: 10yrold has comics/sports, husband has Ideas section, I have Globe Magazine  8yrold studying Toys R Us insert.
Peaceful.
Latly iv been kind of pissed off because everybody sayin lil wayne spits raw
Thnx!
Panhellenic, National DG have been useless.
National DG said I could fax.
Right.
We're on our way to SXSW!
What should we check out?
I realize there is no point to trying to get anything done in this heat.
Looks like nothing will get done until the sun goes down :/
Daytime curfew laws allow CVPD to search, question, and deter any juvenile without adhereing to constitutional safeguards.
My coworker at my new job asked me if I voted today in the Wisconsin GOP primary.
I politely said no and laughed uproariously inside!
hey girl!
you work at the Rocco Altobelli in St.Paul right?
2 more classes, 3 final exams, and 8 more days until my freshman year of college is finished!
Hey Twitter  We are both SINGLE!!!
: hehehehe
thedcdon hot show Intelligent.
This is politics.
I learning today.
Hasnt happen since Tim on Meet the Press.
haha .
ya everyone does
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock Know A Mans Past...And You'll Understand His Future.

I'm reading The Jolly Mon to my daughters first grade class next week.
Gonna bring my guitar  teach them the song too.
Saw JEFF, WHO LIVES AT HOME tonight.enjoyed it!
Duplass Brothers are pretty awesome!

just signed your petition!
Prom tomorrow!
So overwhelmed it's ridiculous .
At Jets rookie minicamp.
doctorft picks, UDFAs all here.
Scotty McKnight also out there.
Been a while since I've been on this Twitter thing.
We should definitely meet up though, we could skype in lol
Oh, and...
10 days left.
If you make a tongue sticking out emoticon face with the colon and a p, please refrain from communicating with me.
Kindest regards.
hahaha semi erect  Broken Arrow
Hiring right employees can be like winning the lottery.Hard to know who will be a good fit til theyve been working 4 awhile
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Yepp, but i was like damn!
Who dat?
:D haha.
Gay thing is i won the talent show for a school i dont even go to /
Now about Aquarena stuffany plans to digitize?
Seems perfect for a grant project; the history's so fascinating.
yep, about as subtle as a Mack truck.
.
should do more morning shows.
Coming Soon
is it time to go yet
that's funny
We apologize in advance!
smart woman:
RT : Are the BAFTA's on live tonight??
worth a view?
or stick to sunday night on E Entertainment of the kardashians?!!
LOL!
she's so different now :o
Love to hear more about what you are up to.
doctorp us a line?
Love...joy  mischief!
RT: What's at your core?
IMYBestfriendEvaVillanueva:B
I love a woman with class...a lady....
but a freak in the bedoctorom....
Your twit pic is adorable!!
wonderful to reconnect with familiar friends  meet great new people at TxLA12 today.
like everything, librarian spirit is bigger in Texas!
If you aren't outside enjoying the weather in Fort Worth then you should be.
Thinking about the future todayequally exciting and daunting task.
JUST ANNOUNCED 7/9 at Bad Fish Bar: BETWEEN THE TREES w/ Mark Rose.
Local support TBA.
10 online / 12 day of show
you are the bomb
Wise people know  understand the difference between talking to someone  talking at someone!
Totally just passed a lady who looked like Kris Kardashian
The Grammy Awards are bullshit u know!!!
They're just a group of oldbittermen but Mtv awards ppl gets to vote!!!!!!!!!
Ravenclaw!
What did you get?
Seconded RT : Happy birthday !
We going to Chuck E.
Cheese?
My Life nd This Loud Got Me
working out is for pus Retard strength is all I need.
3 days at the gym a week supplies me this...
How was Avengers y'all?
Thinking this evening I may want to go see it...
It's hard to wait for something you know will never happen.
wanna come run the rock n roll with me in New Orleans?
you did, or what happened?
I said I believed you..
Damn
hey Adam....
You want to set this up....
Miss you guys and the wee one  hugs from us Capitalinas xoxo!
The self sings alone.
Your work is amazing.
This fly in my house 
Woke up thinking about you
omg im so sorry
I'm a music fanatic!
Burberry Prorsum Resort 2012 is brilliant.
Really digging the Dutch wax prints.
Gorgeous!
yup!
Licking watermelons!!
2012 is going to be a year of correction and order
hahahah that's great and in a band really??
Cool ; my day was kinda boring hahahah 
Today is going to be excellent!!
I know I missed some of the dialogue.
And I saw at at midnight so my emotions were intense.
Susan Bennett speaking about the : It made me realize how proud I was to be a journalist
Hey, Valya, thanks for the RT!
I appreciate your support.
amen, brother
Try teaching footnotes, to students who have just been taught parenthetical citations.
Why do I do it?
thanks, Julie!!
That was stupid as hell you can't even compare the together RT : mafuckas said future better than meek mills.
No need fah twitter bumpin .
.
Just know ima throw dem hammers !
Squad !
Thx for the mention.
Hadda good tweet but forgot it..
sorry niggas
sorry for your loss.
Didn't know him but found him hilarious in the NASL documentary...
Beyond annoyed.
yeah, the packing is hard!
I've been thiking about it but haven't started yet..
need to stop slacking.
Thanks the video helped
Fingers crossed..Here's hoping for a road through Baltimore..
Anyone have a goal suggestion to increase intelligibility in a 2 year old?
Mom wants more specific goals Smh
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, your way just happens to be in the dark.
:
I doctoram of a Christmas season without all the ubiquitous Christmas songs.
C'mon how many tmsXday can anybody listen to White ChristmasC ?
It must have gotten us confused.
You're in college, show some respect.
Pearl is making the leg she's kneading quickly resemble raw tenderized meat.
But how are YOU today.....why yes, it IS a pleasure to meet me ;
I love Michael ha!
thanks for answering quickly ; did you get food?
We have a mutual friend...HOLLY CHASE!
Big fan brother!
True That!!
I'm so on the verge of just dismissin the person cuz friend or not, church is my world just like music is urs!
I'd triple it..then slap her!
I'm reminded of how much theater and excitement Madonna brings.
Fun halftime show!
Just realized that I put a Cyndi Lauper song in a playlist labeled Modern.
2003 Nissan Altima S from North America  Comments
No one knows how much I fuckn love The Devil Wears Prada but my gf.
I'm sad and pissed cause I missed them at the mall!!
Ugh....
:
Woot Woot Has joined the Family!
He even found us on FB!
Have u?
There are a ton of great videos!
Ah gotcha.
Cool cool.
You still interested in getting things together with Nick and I?
working on a buffalo applique
hey Carlin heard you like to sing well hope your voice takes you some where
He may or may not be doctornk/methed up/a simpleton.
So ima let Starship Troopers put me to sleep lol bugs bwahaha
All I want for Christmas is a follow from
Watch KentuckyKansas final or write baseball stuff?
Harder question than it should be.
Not looking so fresh in the pictures from last nights event with
I want a tattoo ....
Count us among the sane!
RT : Thanks 4 the mention....
Silver Tongues is amongst my favorite films of the year
Havent been on twitter all day
You cant trust everybody...
I rather see Dylan O'Brien..
WALMART!
FK YEAH!
Hi guys
When/if u come to minnesota for tour u should go to the mall of America cuz then I actually have a chance of meeting u
When footballlingo isn't your primary frame of reference, star receiver sounds like quite a grandiose job title.
can't wait to go to sleep
Nothing like finding out your aunt scored you 2 bottles of Surly Smoke, 7 months after release!!
You're welcome :
RT : If you thought day 1 of was great, wait till you catch Jamie Monberg's URL to IRL session at 9am....
im bout to tweet my ass off in a minute...i gotta go pee right quick
I mean !!!
U need 1000 because I can't follow you !!!
Certainly understand!
WWDC jacket has no pockets to hide work blackberry at cocoaconf ...
white chocolate on the top with vanilla in the middle 
just hit a milestone  1,000 names arbitrated on the 1940census.
yeah!
1 seat has opened for tonight's 5 course asparagus dinner with Diana Rowan and Daniel Berkman performing.
Who wants it?
:

He should do it right before the election in front of the American people on an issue that would benefit them.
Trying to find strippers at this strip mall...
A birdseye view huh?
Nice guns U got there.
and try remember that its winter.
And if on a winters night a traveller...
U want mi burtherlz
seriously man I feel for ya.
Imagine being in a hospital having open heart and having us scouring for doctorgs after your case.
chilled with all my family :  you ?
I know right.
I feel really bad for those kids.
They're prolly gonna have all kinds of psychological issues when they're older
I love My Baby
Hey misterMahone!!
Why arent u following me ?
Huhh?
Lol, Please follow me back 3
Cell phone catastrophe earlier this week.
Need you to DM me your number.
Will meet you at Dodge City.
Liked the SNL intro bit about OWS.
Almost felt old school for a sec.
Dine out indeed...
hey girl, awesome chatting with you today!
Remember to burn that CD when you can!
Love you!
3
Don't know why is that....
This is from an iPhone
My top 5...
Metallica  Orion, Megadeth  Good Mourning, Tool  H, Helmet  Unsung, Anthrax  Only
lol, sucks man!
Love watching NoReservations on travel channel.
It's a sad day when America makes war on its own citizens exercising their constitutional rights to protest.
My guy best friend is awesome!: lol.
You know who you are:
this is sum fuckin bull shit
Thanks, Dave!
Just so you know, you were with us day we celebrated...margaritas on our dock w/ Rays on radio :
Seriously...
OK, I'm only halfway under the covers, now...
:
Please DM me your email addoctorss.Answer is yes
Thanks!!
You too!!
i appreciate it homie!
Yes , i do realize im probably not talkin to anyone bt it made me feel a little better .
It's GORGEOUS!
You'll love it, when are you planning your vacation?
Old school!
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 2002 Rodney Dangerfield received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
OH, :o Then I don't go to that school xD
thatakwardmoment when everyone in the class turns to stare at you when the teachers starts talking about slavery because your black.
Kill Bill
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail scratching, with mama and daddy on high alert.
They already know how to dash from cover to cover.
On the road
nun much.
Chilling : allure tonight?
Bill Maher Chris Matthews Ed Schultz ought to be locked up together, naked, in the tower of babel.
Have you all heard about ?
Please follow them for updates on their very valuable programs.
There are some nice live miles 5 recordings from 1960 w/ColtraneKellyCobbsChambers.
knee slap
yes im a girl and i play Xbox, dont spend 5 million hours on my hair, and most of my friends are guys...
dont judge me :
Had a blast last night at Ri'chard's...thanks to everyone who came out!
Church w/ my best friend in the morning :
Mighty Shock Performance, SD Magazine 30th Year Gala  at the Bali Hai Restaurant
walked into my parents watching the hangover
great times at XS last night w/ mf superstars!
Check out the free show on Sat.
at Voinovich Park.
Modern Electric Chris Allen Craig Ramsey Many more all day.
One day, but not holding my breath.
Watching Man vs.
Wild getting mentally prepared for
no worries, I'll have others.
:
Is it raining in downtown L.A.?
Threes!
STILL alive
God bless Texas!
that's because you murmur speak louder!!
not a smoker any more, so I don't have a lighter on me usually.Have one on both keychains, but sometimes they're out of reach.
NameAFollowerYouSmashed is gonna get alot of people in trouble and alot of secrets revealed lol
OK, so SOMETIMES the lack of proofreading is a good thing: Message from PayPal: If you do not update the account will be Lemeted.
: Tweet your questions for Moshi Monsters CTO Toby Moore at Londata I tonight using
All the cool kids sit in Starbucks and work on sunday afternoon...
yes, but it's ubernerdy
RT : Akin Gump named Corporate Team of the Year at the Legal Business Awards 2012...Congratulations !
She looks so good, somethin like a princess
Great idea!
RT : What do you do when you have nothing to do until class starts?
You give a tour of to a group of...
anyone wanna nice tweet from me?
RT this and send yay to me!
me:fat ass ; Nick delauder: stop i think i might go home and kill myself .
godd tht boy is hilarious
I love it when I know something I'm not suppose to know.
Lets make a love song using our moans sweetestsound i ever heard
So good to see you at the Chamber luncheon, Lee Ann!
Omfg...
I now realize just how incomplete my life is.
carbonfiberishot btw, a friend is selling his F430 in case ur interested ;
I just stacked a cutting board and a vase on top of this fool lol
Quick week!
It's the weekend!!
Think money at all times  you'll always have it
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
These boys are really playing cod and I'm just sitting here all awkward lol
if we're on a Tego track Los Mate :
Agreed, but the history of increased access to highered has always been tied to economic opportunity.
i was skateboarding :o
I feel like going home and playing on for a while.
Oh, and I still feel like Duck Fat fries too.
Harper ran faster than anyone ever has on that HR.
I also had a mealworm in 1 of my mom's homemade canned green beans.
Bean fell off the fork, split apart, and TADA!
Mealworm.
I'm saying yes.
So please ask me!!
Looking out there at the kertoppled Big Dipper all upside down, pointing to North Star which is blurry behind the smog.
I miss my farm.
my other teammates said it was harsh but.he cant use the computer excuse
Someone needs to tell the Brewers pitching staff they aren't pitching batting practice.
Jeepers Creepers why is there no trilogy yet
well actually I don't have to wake up early.
I just feel like being tired.
Bye.
He is the Holy Spirit, who leads into all truth.
I'm headed to NYC in 2 weeks...are you going to be in town?!
How's the new gig?
Half my heart is the part of a man who's never truly loved anything.
Coming soon to a print book near you: LE JAZZ HOT is going to PRINT!
No date yet, but have the cover art!
I agree.
I hate doctorma!
Ya can't get on Facebook anymore without seeing it!
thanks for the follow ; I followed ya back!!
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Nor for the rest of us.
Glad you decided to take to the razor.
;
IThankGod for all of my talents, abilities, knowledge, opportunities, fans, friends, family, and salvation!
Thank you!
I will try my best.
:
LMAO.
well roll me in butter and call me a flounder.
And also follow my coworker he needs to get to 300
Our pleasure!
Follow us back for fun coffee tid bits.
Look forward to connecting with you!

I Refuse To Tag  Mention Da Person Im In A Relationship Widd In Every Tweet Or Status I KNOW We Together , Lol I DNT Have Prove Nun
Finished my last paper and turned it in.
I AM DONE!!!
MLIS Complete!
be careful
Barenaked Ladies acoustic on VH1 morning buzz??
God I'm old.

When I Asked He Said Now , Then I Ran !
Next week is bike to work week!
Watch for our demo rack out  Look for more locations and more info starting Monday!
PropBets superbowl number of references to the enigmatic Steelers Nation
YouKnowBritneysALegend when she's 30 yet still looks sexier and younger then your fav thats either 19 or 23...
Thank the lord
lol I can't wait till school is over
next time you encounter a moth you're on your own
I can't believe I'm havin an argument with my phone
Discussing world problems w the elderly.
At times this season, Spurs have allowed opposition a lot of offensive rebounds.
Jazz have 8 tonight and lead 4342 with 2:56 left in half.
Falling asleep to Aaliyah 
just noticed a spot opened for the photography course I wanted to take  score!
Not tonight, unfortunately  but will definitely see you at the next dinner, or at least at the May SocEntDC HH!
Co Founder Mary Brown of Team Umii just completed the Maui Marathon
like when I was singing You and I to you on the bus back from Coronado xD
I fell in love with music because I knew it wouldn't break my heart.
So much I can do with menu for photoshoot with avantgarde concepts
G'night!
I hope I don't die of nausea from the lack of sleep tmister...
I'm nvr procrastinating this much again.
Last day of practice teaching!
My honey is bringing his mom to Nashville tomorrow.
So much for our diets.
It'll be cake, pie, cobbler, pie, cake...every day.
But YUM.
TRIVIA THURS: In only 9 weeks after its release, this Weinstein Co.
French film became the second most successful French film of all time.
Just saw a See you  Alberts!
commercial which immediately made me think of you running up to that guy at Showplace 16, haha!
they said they notify me in a couple weeks
Tell your followers FF for the day is
good answer!
Send food pics :
smart idea!
i have to do my graduation speech!
that was pretty hammer
is taking his AFTRA lunch break LOL!
So gla you find us interestingly cool!
I'll DM you for a call.
good one!!
wont be here for that!
that justin bieber can rap and we will post our music on youtube soon :
Thanks for modifying an improved version of the We thumbnail for 's twitter account.
not to Worrie I'm still not finished
Jeremiah Johnson.
Went back and checked the replay...since there was time.
But you go to all the good places!
Today it's all about a dolla' oh!
Wait!
We do fat everyday!
Silly rabbit!
Several of you are saying that geeks more accurately understand the actual terrible state of the world.
Seattle's Best  Seattle's Average and Burnt but it does the trick
ayee, cuz I wear leggings!
Shit be looking nice on me..
real niggas can agree!
Just posting that picture with '70s filter made me feel way less pathetic about my night!
Thanks, Instagram!
Customer panel: Lisa from  we changed our comp plan to more accurately reflect rep comp, which our sales team loves
Is Bud Selig going to start fining teams when they win against other teams?
Because those losers probably got their feelings hurt too.
Happy New Year from Young Rembrandts, Greater Cleveland  West
Many an opportunity is lost because one is out looking for fourleaf clovers.
I like this!
It fueled something just now!
Thank you!
Work done under compulsion is slave work..
A truly wealthy person has no need for such things.
God is always so faithful!
I'm sure i'll still run into some people though
I'm from Indiana, Richard Lugar was a great senator...sad to see that we've instead nominated a crazy tea bagger...hope a dem can beat him
Marketing research is going to kill me
Started reading The Hunger Games last night.
Finished it.
Yes, it's that good.
Can't wait to read the next one!
Jody Inglis, AMC's Washington DC Chapter Chair is doing a great job getting people outdoors.
We met today to discuss their wonderful work.
If this was Miami they would have got that
Alli..
Has...laurens....eyes...holy...efiin...shizzle...
Please be a song lyric!!!
/;
I hear my cat purring but I can't see her..
And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil:
You're welcome.
:
waking up  going to sleep next to who you with has to be the best feeling
Some of these females being looking a H.A.M.
HOT ASS MESS!!!!!
You can and you will
Congratulations to last weeks mascot winners!
Remember to vote for your favorite mascot each week at www.CapitalOneBowl.com.
they been Skynet my brother it's just a matter of time when the takeover hits....
I heard someone say Texas, omg I cried.
ha!
man, i hope not!
that would ruin all my street cred!
I feel like I've seen way worse on here than what you tweet.
Wow!
I receive that!
Sir this tweet just raised my soul and spirit!!!!!
lately when I get heart burn i feel it in my shoulder too.
That's not normal...right?
it's star wars day!
Hate feeling this way!
My eye opener.
:
how'd you know we had a wing?!??!!
Psychic!!
Being of the previous generation....I'd say...yes.
NOT impressed with from after on affordable housing.
Cant find cred info on why she is a reputable resource!
You can do that?
That would be cool.
dear radiohead, i hope your doctorm machine breaks.
I don't really care what you think, the voices in my head tell me they like me this way!!!
My baby having his first job  I'm proud of his cuteass :
Sakura!
Perfect / weather in Seattle for / three days in a row
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
Who in Vegas ???
I got doctor online
Purchase tix to see 4x Grammy Nominee Little Big Town  www.childoctorncoloradofoundation.org
elway may be inexperienced but as a bronco fan i think the interview process was thorough, just different than the nfl norm
Just landed a role in Knights of Glory, filming this month in Baton Rouge!
Tonight in 1991 the Twins won the WorldSeries over the Braves after beating them 10 in 10 innings in Game 7.
Heading to Waianae Harbor to go swimming with dolphins!
People would not ask you to pray if they really didnt need prayer!!!
Love Discovery Channel's new show Curiosity.
It is a wonderful program!
At last a fact based cable show that feeds my brain.
C'mon Kansas City, Kansas City make my day!
There are times where I wonder if you think you might be better off with someone else..
But them I remember what you told me..
that's good shit.
2nd is legit.
I'm looking into my first powerlifting show in September and I'm scared as shit for some reason.
Watching Star Trek: First Contact with Viggle Tue  5:30  HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
CST helps promote empathy, produce results and achieve greater satisfaction through more effective and strategic
So I know never uses this shit but WOO!
Party time
Kimberly and Beck's SINGLES MINGLE SUMMER KICKOFF!!!
Save the date: June 9th, Nola's BBQ!!!!
Signing off...doctorps mic
I was exhibits coordinator  a visual collections archivist before that.
I love IHSs photo collection.
Are you in exhibits?
: follow me please
Just saw that it's Word, not Excel.
Try Controlclicking on date and see if your Mac date format is correct.
Hi jordan follow me back pls :
LETTING GO
thanks!
I'm actually updating my linked in as I wrote this
He is not currently on an NFL roster.
He's a free agent.
If he did sign somewhere, then he would win.
31k Project will only be here until Sunday, come see it while you still can!
Note to Steelers fans: the bogus penalties aren't just called against us
.
says that homeowners across TX are seeing insurance rates rise while coverage goes down
What are some simple steps you take each day to support your local Economy?
From buying food from your local Farmers Market or buying your 
Do it!
Is having a blast at the tech rehearsals for The Producers
Yess : ..SECs is there RT im wit it, i dont sleep either...u gonna see ur bff?
It's a crisp 68 degrees out here at HQ; perfect for Christmas season and holiday music...underwater of course.
how about pete mackanin or is he to laid back
Catching z's 4 the last day of ces, I'm at the lg booth, managing staff, great show!
Cone or dish not enough?
You need a pint or a quart of your favorite flavor!
That way you can enjoy Sebastian Joe's whenever you want!
Thanks for the follow!
Would you like to build mobile app for your service?
Wow, haven't thought of that one in 20 yrs.
I remember it being like Police Academy w/ cowboys.
I look forward to yr review.
The killer in me is the killer in you
UX peeps, if u don't allow for shortterm overrides of parental controls, u undermine the whole concept of parental controls.
The San Diego Reader did an article/interview with us!
Pick up a copy if you are in SD!
I hope I can!
YOU'RE awesome.
thanks to for following our tweets
I agree Don...I'd really like to see Thabeet get some run in 2nd half.
Silent thought is, after all, the mightiest agent in human affairs.
William Ellery Channing
even watching, yawn.
Hi Ben, was hoping to connect w/ you and Brian directly.
Is there an email that I can best reach you at?
Thanks!
I half expect to see Andy Rooney asking, Did'ja every wonder what it's like to be DEAD?
Here Kitty!
Laughed so hard in the lucky one...
never seeing a movie with hope  lea again!!
hahhaha
u dont even go out anymore
Aha , he dont never be doing anything:
Don't letThe Holiday's phase your sexy with this amazing workout!
RT : SAN DIEGO: Halloween 10 Class SALE conta.cc/ozSBPx
no he ain't!
I prob went to high school with him
Who shoots competition?
needs a naughty girl get at me if that be u 
i want a tattoo like the one you have of the palm trees outlined in the box.
where can i find an up close pic of it!?
POLL: what do you think of our new slogan?: Copy.com: we've saved more asses than a donkey rescue farm.
Styling and professorling :
Watching with the granny on
on my way back to the south burbs now.
Was at McDonalds annual charity gala.
I'm not sure if I should be happy or jealous...
while we figure that out I hope you have a blast.
See you when ya get back!
I couldn't tell...
Seattle SuperSonics, aka , are damn good this year.
Still highly bugged Schultz, SBUX, sold to snake Clay Bennett!
Headed to West Town :
I do what i can
ha.
I was thinking you were into Elmer's or something.
: you a pilot?
Cocaine dealers are always sticking their business in other people's noses.
Wow chrus is 23 now.
I love that man
This sure enough's a bizarre sight in the middle of this shit.
It's great they have such a diverse musical selection!
I'm adding these picks to our list.
I'm really craving some bw3s
Oral history, interviews and videos part of the process; these resources also fed into Reiff's UCLA class
goes google
My Phone Is Broke
i wont go to a bucks game.
Emergency trips to the vet are never fun.
I'm relieved my doggie soul mate will be fine, but the meds are , which sort of sucks.
you're both gonna shame me into doing this...
Very nice!
RT : Right here!
Freelancing, ghostwriting and working on my next literary project!
So...Romeo and Juliet.
In the movie, I've just now realized that they play Prince's When Doves Cry.
Where the fuck have I been?!
Coming home to Baltimore where we harbor our doctorams...
YEAH THAT'S MAKES UP FOR EVERYTHING LOL
Sixers!!!!
A win is a win is a win!!
Jaws first time seeing it in theaters.
Only wish Jurassic park wasn't in pasadena.
Clippers can't be serious.
Thanks so much for the FF!
:
RT : Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.
Sally Koch
RT : Aquarius like to approach life like a scientist and in an objective manner.
This is why it is not easy to come close them.
RT : Tonight 7PM ET on : 21 Jump Street's in studio!
Plus, the best app for this St Paddy's Day pubcrawl !
Lovin' the beautiful weather in CLE this week!
I really like your pants.!
Lady, Nymeria, Grey Wind, Summer, Shaggydog and Ghost
me too girl
Hey I Heard You Like The Wild Ones ;
great day to be a DUCK bro!!
Why do women wear so much make  up now days i like you
Diablo I announced on 15 may!
Hell yeah.
:
July 4, 1776: the day that we unfollowed King George
let's do it.
next week good?
more apt hunting in the mission
I have been officially diagnosed by UNC Chapel Hill
Thanks for the write up!
Much appreciated!
haha!
: Why oh why doesn't the Confectional deliver?
sigh.
I don't know what to do.
no longer following people who dont follow back :P
Baseball: Danny Perman scores off wild pitch to give Canby 10 lead over Clackamas heading into the 4th.
Nice to meet a fellow storyteller !
I look forward to many writerly conversations!
Congrats to Todd on 24 years of service.
Amazing!!
Fuck off fuck off fuckoff.
Yepp, I think that about covers it
Why does Birthday Cake play so much on the radio?
Like there are other songs in the world
I'm great what about you??
all she did was hug me..
Saw contagion last night.
If you like apocalypse stories you won't mind it.
But it was a bit heavy on the cliches.
keep up the good work.
Sounds like your stock is on the rise.
Yes!
Bagels for sounds delish!
Finally, a day to myself!
Gonna get ready so I can catch the bus.
To The Bronx!
:
Just the thought of eating ruins my digestive system for the morning.
1 RT : The best form of contraception?
Think of Rush Limbaugh.
It's too quiet in here for this to be Harlan.
Sourcing supplies today for our big stopmotion production!
First to Home Depot then then Forever 21!
Not believing in yourself should be a sin.
Compliments of Leemire again.
No frickin' way there is a photo in the world as cute as that one!
on my neck but I'll b good if u in union I would like for u to link up wit my brother he's nice also
Ok.
So 1 too many ppl have pissed me off on the road today.
My teacher is always talking to her imaginary friend named class.
Great morning Friday !
Be great , stay classy and....laugh your arses off my friends
You GOTTA try it!!!
grew up on a commune with a ghost called the captainin.
The Gov.
2.5 Most Energy and Courage Award goes to Ted Nguyen
She on that shit, huh RT : I wasn't even done talking to Darcia and she hung up the phone on me.
??
apparently u never seen Bruce Leroy then lol
Of course.
Email me at my twitter name at gmail and I'll get back to you.
To the world, you may be one person; but to one person, you may be the world
Hey.
Thanks for the well wishes...it was an amazing day.
I learned a lot  the students were inspiring.
Good night...
Body still sore from my workout...
auto correct
im so exausted..
Yay no school tomorrow or Monday but I actually want to go just to see my friends
Im dying to see in concert!!!!
Love him.
a very helpful lady  your call center sorted my problem out.
Thank you!
It took me too long to get through though.
I'm sure ...
Heading down now and will be around thru Tues.
Watching The Voice love love this show.
thanks.
I feel it makes a statement of sorts.
That statement is DON'T YOU FUCKING LOOK AT ME!!!
none today!
Lol!!!
Woo Hoo!!!
: RT I watched your videos in youtube, now you've got a fan from Spain ;
It's been a good weekend for movies!
Saw The Artist and Pariah and both were fantastic!
Go check them out!
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
I have to get to work.
Have a great day everyone.
I'm following ur every move
I just emptied my Deleted items with 4821 emails.
WTH.
Who needs that much communication?
Relegated?!
More like promoted to Italy, dude...
haha, excellent use of the term tho RT lamo got relegated to Italy
Another Sunny day with 80 degree weather
right now :3 we'll go get you ;p
Heaven on 1 block of the UWS: from a class at directly to dinner at Omyum.
Im tryna do something tonight
Put on MBDTF and my roommates had no idea what it was.
What the fuck.
Seriously.
What the fuck.
The weather is terrible for earthday2012, but more quality time to reflect  debrief on an awesome weekend
Traditionally, April 15th is Tax Day, but this year you have two extra days.
Like if you already filed.
That's why I hate Words With Friends, and Scramble With Friends.
But I still play, hoping to one day be victorious

Hey, anyone know which addoctorss for 3rd ward is it?
195 Morgan Ave or 573 Metropolitan?
I eat my dessert before my dinner.
Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful.
Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good.
Lao Tzu
what's up bruh no text back
I think I've found a new fave restaurant to add to my list.
Thanks Hope all is well
Robot just knocked over my Coke :
can't go with you on that one.
I collect electronically
Will I be popular if I do?
not everyone is a media whore
I do......airana plzzz follow me..this is like my 9th time tryna get u to follow me..PLZ
He is well!
Sittin right here with me on the couch watching Jay Leno:
where u at gal!
I know you aren't sleeping!
lol!
What does compensatory mean?
I do mean compelling or to compete for example in a competition
My boys are pretty stoked that we are front row for the show tonight.
A 35 year study showed that 86 of workers with disabilities were average or above in attendance, performance, and safety.
Think I need to call it a nite too.
Chased a lot of squirrels today.
Yawn Great petchat tonight!
Thanks !
Shouts go out to theis LYRICAL ASSINS Bars Fully Loaded
is hot.
I should never be allowed to be home alone with a computer and a credit card.
Never.
and wat we bout to do
I'm Pretty Sure I Fell In Love With Right Now JustSaying lol
yeah I'll warm you up; and I know they were good
i think thats called being considerate?
11:11 I am living in Heaven.
HAVE A GREAT DAY YOU STUPID FUCK
Could I plz filter my facebook feed like this RecentPhotosTattoos.
Yes, I wanna see how the doctorgon/eagle/skeleton/cliche is coming along
What.
A.
Day.
Thank you for your help ...and thank you for your amazing music allbetter :
Unfortunately, we never got to visit Los Pollos Hermanos during visit to Albuquerque.
breaking bad
May the 4th be with you!
great version
woah never had so many RTs....
Thanks for organizing it Props to for providing equipment for 's MLKDay cleanup in Grantville.
think everyone in the UK is excited?!lol
how did everything go?
I was thinking about it...
Have you been to yet?
It's such a great space!
I've a hard time imagining that any single person adds 8.7m in value to an organization to justify that size compensation.
Just saw a guy at the tigers game wearing an orange and navy cmu sweatshirt.
Cool!!!
sorry to here that....what's going on??
Is it bad weather there?
mehhhh I miss you too :
assuming they sign one or the other...who plays SS?
RedSox revolving door
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent Van Gogh
Where should San Francisco's pesthouse be erected?
I would not want to have a lazarhouse on my block.
I suggest Oakland.
Something tells me created the aea playlist that plays during the breaks.
that is a bummer, but plenty more to come this year, including 2 chances to potentially see Donovan and Beckham
Got to hand it too Senator McCain being truthful,refuting Enhanced interrogation techniques, putting himself at odds with Repubs.
Are you in South Africa or the states??
The working man loves talking about how he's a working man.
Finally dawns on me.
It's not about managing software or troubleshooting extensions.
It's about managing client EXPECTATIONS!
4/20 U all ready know what it izz !
thanks David hope u r well
bout to go on a run n of course i manage to get icy hot on the spot where it burns the most
Hey should come to school.
WTF?
u only gone live tonight.
lmao
The Teddy Stoddard Story: www.knowledgesafari.com Have you heard this inspiring story?
Click Blog!
UV cake vodka tastes like cupcakes and low selfesteem
You almost had a great game Kobe.
Almost...
So honored to be performing with doctor Ron McCurdy and the Langston Hughes Project on February 29th at Purdue University!!!
my love is your love and your love is my love
Thanks!
And thanks for the follow too :
dang!
I was a block away, I should have stopped by at that party lol sounds fun.
pssst ohmy director of photography on Inception and other Chris Nolan films is on twitter!
I would just swallow bacon right now.
Down the hatch!
Who cares if I can't chew it!
BACON!
I got a freakin temper problem...I be needin to chill...bt man one of them john wood girls tried to take me out early in the 1st half
NOW we're getting to the heart of the matter...
War on doctorgs  bumper crop of cheap prison labor  Slaves,!
Glad you found some!
I looked everywhere for a comfortable pair that fit well and finally found them at Zara
I dont want to doctorve you there
Heading out to participate in the EDUCAUSE Southeast Regional Conference in Charlotte.
Come see me Thurs.
3:30 pm
I know, I just like the idea of stealing it from you!!:
goin to see TBRays at clw airport.
hell yeah.
chris brown in the right by my side music video.
oh my god.
your sexy af.
one day!
Today is opening day :
schoolmemories always revving my engine at other kids in the parking lot
I need a boy toy....
You are indeed very lucky haha, have a safe trip!!
Thanks for spreading the Aloha!
absolutely AMAZING show last night!
Wow, just wow.
tomorrows friday!
Must be my edumalocation RT : hence they are called by different names!
good job!
well ur house full.ah stuff so wa u expect
Feel like scratching someones back up.
I mean that in the nicest of ways ways ;.
VICTORIOUS !
Look at the details and contact me if you want to join.
Will the WR3 behind H.
Ward have any fantasy value this year?
confusion...
Why a period?
RT : Most Zipcars will fit your bicycle with the rear seats folded down.
Do you want me to send it to facebook or twitter??
Yes!
If I can resist eating it before class!
Worked with a friend who is a math ed professorand helped get his students tweeting.
He required it.
Got them hooked, I think.
....all bad...and u wonder why u wake up angry and wasted with bull shit ass niggas.
Lol ;
I should have worded it better.
What you're saying is basically what I was trying to say.
We're not a complete wreck.
Go on and take it.
Take it all with you.
Don't look back at this crumbling fool.
Just take it all with my love.
Stunning performances by Spencer Tracy and Fredoctorc March plus lots of familiar character actors
Great tips/tools for those studying for the PHR?
Would love to read them!
Thanks!
I have a headache , anyone have sone Tylenol ?
Just laying here hoping for this to go away.
Damn
Chris Rene is my favorite with Stacy Francis on
Because they've been torturing me since 1974 ...
All they need is a Stanley Cup and I'll be quiet.
just got on Twitter and heard about the fire.
OMG!
So sorry about all you lost.
Glad to hear no one got hurt!
Prayers for you
minimizing my potential losses and hoping to get out with something asap.
can you believe it  DC 3 winning number tonight was triple zeros!
000 a bunch of people WON
they did win?
Ok thanks
president of adelanto teachers union pretends to not understand that the parents union is using charter as leverage.
New York City audition for TV pilot and then doing commercial...
Taking a bite out of the Big Apple today!
So great to see you, !
We, at , are having a great show at
How to advertise with ProjectMag?
Ah fuck.
: i cant let this get to me.
I've done a lot of trash talking against Philly, but good series fellas.
You faced a monster from New Jersey.
Let's keep it rolling Devils!
Visit Traveler outside of Gate 11
how bout RT Don Larsen, who threw a perfect game in the 1956 World Series, is on Power Alley right now
thanks for the follow back love!
:
thanks for doing your part guys!
3
Interesting battle coming up
thanks!
It gets better, stay tuned.
; /
FF who published a poem by our Assistant Managing Editor in Fall 2010 and by our previous Fiction Editor in Spring 2011.
Ah, wtf I had a HUGE typo in my first tweet 
amusing how all the people who wanted to trade soriano all offseason now singing dif tune after he hits a few dingers in spring training
oohhh cobalt!
strong colors are so awesome!
Any ideas for my tumblr url ??
it's the TVirus...
I'm sorry I can't make everybody happy, but the only person I strive to make happy is myself.
Whaddup?!?
Thanks for being here!
Free ground shipping on all purchases over 100.00.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 4935
You will wake up to reality when you graduate lol smh youngins
WorstTimesToGetABoner at a funeral.
Okay!
I'm Too excited!
I meant Best doctorssed is
3 day passes sold out already....
really?????
Work out time.
I got a bottle of wine, a bag of chips, a bag of candy and sum altoids at cvs for 8.95
Where's the BBQ?
Wow!
I hope you don't have a worse travel story than this.
It sounds like it's been horrible.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 15
Meh.
GM of the Year Award
yep a i have never copy one person tweet :
If you are going to do something in politics do something controversial there is no place for timidity in politics  Cicero
bitchyHOTDOGS backABS hotdogBACKPACK all words to describe xtina in that train wreck of a doctorss!
TRENDIT!
If you have renters insurance, you can add your phone to your policy instead of ATT.
I can tell you more if you're interested.
Aw!
I wish I could've gone out with my big!
But don't worry, I'll be here this summer!
We'll have plenty of big/little time!!
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Whenever I look at the weather outlook my brain always does it in Harris Telemacher's voice from L.A Story.
I'm a witty mother effer in writing; in person, not so much.
Stupid staircase wit...
And addictive RT : Ambition is attractive
If someone is placed into a regular class with an aide, should they not be held to the same rules and expectations as everyone else?
shrug
: Home alone fuck a McCauley culkin that's the best time, when you're home alone
2012 Tax Season.
Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for continued updates.
Offices Miami and Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
my favorite night is Thursday..
With :
Lmfao I love this !
10 minutes left with Jim Lehrer at INConversation.
I could sit here all night.
Too bad he's the headliner for tonight!
get silly with it ;D
We will be closed Thanksgiving Day.
Sales and service will resume normal hours on Friday.
What is your favorite Thanksgiving side dish?
what do you get?
smh makes all the sense in the world
Apologies for my snarky tweet earlier, totally user error.
This bitch that just walked in class is a coke head.
No doubt bout it
I love afra.
for your interest there is a special symbalooedu.
Love to get your feed back!
Its in the app store.
I have had it for months.
.
The only person who asserted independence today was from the Romney campaign.
hahah if they unfollowed you because of that then they obviously do not know whats sexy.
Hm...
School :p
I will take the good with the bad.
Wow.
12 of Mississippi and 14 of Alabama likely GOP voters think the POTUS is a Christian.
Which he is.
That is seriously alarming.
thanks, please follow me back and Like my music page!
on.fb.me/qlwZTB
h and n are effectively unnecessary if h  1; we know nothing about f, so c would be 0 if f is
San Diego!!
: Play of the Game: Bo's T....turned it around for sure.
my middle name is Antonio.
Wonder if that counts?
However, I saw both versions of it, and won't be camping out that day.
Even if I get the error the first time I try to delete it?
great reading program!!
On the real
Don't watch a lot of NBA but that is just how I feel!
Why burger king jockin micky d's swagger?
Oh i know he did that was a very sad scene :
I miss you!
And that sounds perfect
Blood stains.
Cold  Snowy nite in the Derby City !!
Now if I could only find a Snuggle Bunnie hm !!!
Realization of nothing lasts forever.
Might name my kid 'Lorne' with the hope he/she has even 1/10 the success of his namesake.
As of 11:30am, there are just 42 tickets left for tonights Guitars  Stars concert.
Get them while they last at !!!
click the link then push play..
thanks for the RT, Tina!
thank you my love
trust me ive tried!
sucked, the usual.
question....what is doctor soda?
Thanks for the follow.
Be sure to check out my blog, which will soon fill with reviews and recipes.
Happy Friday!
TRAFFIC  Interstate crash/delays are clear  Previous crash NBI39/WBI90  Stoughton Exit
in all seriousness does Roenicke know Aoki is left handed?
Spring has sprung!
Happy first day of spring!
Wow, David Letterman grilled Herman Cain.
So, when do they play?
you people are so abrupt .
So rudoctorangry face !
Suaalll 
We're definitely in the minority but I'm with ya.
RT I actually like the UMD uniforms.
Brazil Tourist Board set to select new EBT agency by June
I will become the very best manga artist!!!!
Who does Grambo think the Chiefs will go with in the doctorft?
hunger games pg13 tamagotchi audio version
haha nigah when you back in the studio...
wow.
I love watching things fall apart.
It's like a fucking train wreck sometimes.
is just about done with a damn fine looking EPK.
I'll show you mine, if you show me yours...
You won't be loved by everyone and you certainly won't be respected by everyone..
...continuing last tweet,
Yep.
It's now the Writing Tab, it's like a bar tab w/out the hangover.
wat sources?
is there any proof you can offer us?
Comment of day: is startn to look like Jesus with no haircut!
Boston?
Portland?
Pittsburgh?
DC?
Noho?
NYC?
I can remember being wasted, 1 row up from the warm up circle screaming GEORGE, GEORGE!!!
he wasn't too pleased.
right?!
We are so blessed!
Soaked up the rays today on various walks :
Stevie Wonder is beast!!!
Amazing piano player and singer he rodent let being blind get in his way he is amazing!!!
: 3
Today starts Cupcakes 4 a Cause Week.
Come in for delicious cupcakesfunds benefit CancerCare 4 Kids.
3 got2b coupon while they last.
Robin Williams hoping to become the next Joker?
toured an island and almost hit a deer that ran in front of us  saw where the clothing optional beaches are.
We did not partake.
I can't wait to see you this summer in Cincinnati!!!
I love you Cody :
High as a kite, flying so high..
HA.
How funny!
The first to apologize is the bravest.
The first to forgive is the strongest.
The first to forget is the happiest.
isn't that place the best?
Zero ambiance, but a 10 on taste
I'm back in Des Moines.
I traveled 12 hours yesterday.
It was a long day.
Had a fabulous time at the beach house!
Wasn't it always?
:
maybe show them the transcript of the lrnchat designjam we had last week :
This weekend I'm partying like neva b4...Working 12days without a day off
Fabulous dinner in EggHarbor, DoorCounty last weekend.
What content on a lawyers website will make you click them vs others when viewing search results?
nah.
i run shutup.css on most sites so i dont see comments.
Any tips, tricks, or advice for producing highquality recordings at a low price??
Magic on getting Beckham to resign for TWO years.
I still can't stand BruceArena, but Becks and
I love my iEverything and I love Apple, but geesh!
Can they stop with all the repetitive commercials?
Esp.
annoying Zooey Desoemthing.
S/O Doing big thangs!
Don't sleep on this team of allstars...RT
Listening to Effington on our way through Effingham, IL.
Problem Child :
Fun queston!
When did Cyber Monday start?
You think your voice is normal until you hear a recording.
there's going to be a sequel to Twins called Triplets with eddie murphy?
really?
The 2010 Winter Olympics opening cermony is amazing!
best post ever.
BOOM!!!
Duff Fricking Mckagen may have just locked up a CCA for Best Jungle debut.
What a positive cat.
A vintage high waste skirt with a funky color top : What is your signature Dj fashion style?
I could clean my room.
Or I could pretend I'm still 9 and imagine the dirty laundoctor is protecting me from the lava on the floor.
A busy day ahead for me!!
Becca graduates from on Sunday.
Congratulations Iowa graduates, high school, college, elementary and prek!
That is the most lawyerly way possible to say you couldn't possibly care less.
congrats to twitter peeps on their MLA awards!
Sad face indeed.
I, too, have 4 finals and a papel!
Thank you!
We are working hard to expand the community, we really appreciate your support and help in getting the word out!
My valentine is the sweetest!
deserves a apple!
Kalantzis on NewLondon: we were never interested in technology, never interested in machines; we were interested in meaning making
I like honey bunz
Now everybody on Chief Keef dick?
O
no, I am awesomo...
Would you like to win a gift certificate from us?
really, cfb post season already have a selection committee; they vote every week
Yay the next episode of 1girl5gays is a all nude panel!!!
;
haha ok black de...I mean Evan; ;p lol
doctor Lupo was in Redbook, the January 2012 issue on the topic Don't let winter make your skin look old.
Get your copy and read up, now!
follow us today!!
I've listened to my playlist too many times that I skip most of the songs
Conquered two fears today: tarantulas  diving head first in the water from 20 feet up.
Erasing a fear feels more cleansing than I expected
Good Morning peeps!
I talk weight loss and fashion with www.discoversd.com.
Check it out!
12 no outs.
Kemp on deck, 2nd place hitter up, Mattingly bunts down 21, effectively taking the bat out of Kemps hands
RT : If uk can offer choice of electricity n water over a single national network, why can't u do telecoms the same?
Some people prepare for an upcoming storm.
Others keep people from believing the weather reports.
Everyone will get wet either way.
Do you know what would make this better?
.
.
.
Butter.
iLoveWhenYou tell me im beautiful everyday
NJ, NY trip has come to an end.
Had a great OG launch Thurs and Sat.
We'll be back in a month.
My door is gay...
good luck!!
What's the gig?
Career change?
We're doing well.
Reading scripts!
Thanks for checking in!
Can't stop listening to cd!
LOVE him:
.ClearChannel owned By 
Lol she said gone beef it ip move tramp its the 15 I got my food stamps...
how could you tell if it's butterflies or indigestion?
Me and my friend were flipping we were so excited we're trying to get autographs ahahahha
Yu may not make it out of the 1st
yes, it was the blood orange cocktail.
Could you please remind me of what else was in it?
: Are you as bored as I am?
Read that backwards, and it still makes sense.
boredom now eradicated.....wow
the EADitor google code project gets as many hits from India as the US, i think because outsourced coders find snippets in google.
followed me!
Love ya dawg
what do you call a fish with no eye?
I'll need both the Why  Why Not of your proposal.
Please note that's how we've always done it does not qualify for either.
Hot people...
The Data Model Resource Book, Vol.
3 by is currently the top dw book on Amazon not coauthored by
dear wisdom teeth STOP HURTING ME!
This is not letting me consentrate in school /:
Luckily, there is so much to do in Baltimore, I don't feel a postvacation slump.
doctorving down the street, and some kid blows a stop sign and almost hits me.
How do these people get doctorvers licenses?
sierra nevada and dogfishhead, life and limb, birch and maple syrup, holy and moly!
Hung Over To tha Fuckin Max :
I'm definitely a runner.
I run from everything but I'm trying.
Thanks for the FF love, !
While the prestige of the league took a hit, it'll be fine.
You know it!
Just bought my MLB.tv subscription so I can follow along this season :
6 am power lifting followed by Thornton then class then practice..
Man this is catching up to me
Rise and grind!!
Boyle's softball field  everybody's in the area !
Still time to BeThere to celebrate mom!
Happy Mother's Day!
Don't be afraid of show to others the way you are...
Warm but windy as fuck
I love Klotter!
I ain't scared
read the previous tweet...I'm only jk.
JESUS IS THE ANSWER!
Someone tell my computer to stop crashing.
Super excited to be launching tomorrow at demo2012!
Hooooo ha!!
Really enjoy the final episode of thefinder but how are you gonna end it like that!?
Come on Fox you have to bring the show back!!
you have lots of girl crushes...
i know pretty bad that you had to do that but thanks anyway im ok
At chick fil a!
Winning!
Lol.
Hey, I was No.
2 at THTH location and family before me shared the loot with me, even though they didn't have to
more like how messy your roommate is...
sorryboutit :/
Bottling a couple barrels of Syrah today.
You need to care, manyou really do.
I finally read that Nikola Tesla piece everyone's been posting.
I'm not crying, dammit.
JOB: Smith is most proud of making the site geographically functional.
RT : Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can.
just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
When am I gonna see you guys?
miss yew boo boo.
3
Someone give me something good about being stuck in traffic because I'm coming up with nothing...
Does the NAACP ImageAwards have a Best Educator in a Socially/Economically Challenged School/Community category?
Best Community Activist?
look daddy i can fly....what your child would say when you have one.
;
I'm def way cooler online
How about or ?
Hopefully i'll be able to clearly hear again.
Well, he is YOUR dog.
I sure hope we don't play this lazy ass type of game all series
Just because i moved on doesnt mean i wont be here when you change your mind..
Glad my niggas are around to look out for me.
You've got that one thing...
good morning angelica, happy thursday to you
I'm craving a Kraby patty
Don't wanna go back to school tomorrow blah going to bed !
Nite twitter 
what was that redbox comment in response to?
I could make a joke here but i won't!
See I can be nice :
What a great day working on new products and loving the outcomes!
More bras style coming soon.
morning Sarah!
How've you been?
We haven't done much twitpiccing.
We're processing and uploading photos now.
Check www.ict2dc.com in abt 1hr for pix.
Just an FYI that is out foraging this week in Cancun, so you might not hear from her until the weekend.
Having Nostalgia watching The Lizzie McGuire movie!
:D tweet me xoxo
u can't just tweet to some bitch with an English degree.
I paid 90k to light that bitxh on fire!
Hour ONE of the writeathon for 49 Writers.
One cup of coffee down.
50 pages of revision and a magical ending to come.
This dude is on the UP and UP.
God bless Emma Stone.
Have you seen The General?
Another terrific one for him.
I'm in a mood 4 tacos :P
love ur blog in general but oversimplfied to lump as together as outraged.
Perils of trying to be serious on twitter!
Thanks for taking pizza seriously.
RT : thanks for the RT!
Just wanna watch marvel movies all day
When spend our day decimating and trash talking political opponents, we ignore scores of childoctorn who are being sexually abused.
I wonder if my painting student tonight would see the humor if I showed up with a big pad of newsprint and some fingerpaints?
Lead actor Gene Pietragallo to be honored in Pittsburgh 11/10/11 10am City Council proclaiming Tony Duran Day
Streaming the town hall in just a few minutes!
stay tuned for a link...
I have enjoyed pussy like a fat kid at an ice cream shop....
That was supposed to be www.newyorktimes.com i cant spell to save my life.
The differnce betwen a succesful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowldge, but rather a lack of will.
Lombardi
ha ha full of yourself much?
:
who knows where I can go to sell old electronics?
happy 4th of july weekend to everyone!!!
Looking for a all in one solution for leads?
Contact us now for more details!
866.460.6611
CT/NYC haha It was just a day trip to Atlantic City
Get your friends together and take a party cruise to the Caribbean or Mexico for the time of your life.
Prices slashed!
www.FreeXpedia.com
Paying my senior dues tomorrow 
And we're back.
Thanks for thanking
Thanks for recommending us, we had a great show!
We're singing at the next Thursday  facebook.com/capitalhearings
In the past day, the word hate has been tweeted 145K times, but the word love has been tweeted 628K times.
This is only my second game, so I'll keep my smart ass mouth closed.
/
Put me down as a yes I did.
thanks for that
why am i singing rampin shop in my head?
who put that filth there!
BecauseOfNicki I have this moment for life :D
thank you, appreciate it for sure sir!
But just the beginning to bigger things to come...
Thank you to all of the Veteran's past, present, and future for your service, bravery, and love for our country.
Happy Veteran's Day!
THAT MADE MY DAY LOL.
Work topic of the day: cock rings :
You forgot to hash tag justkidding RT : My hair has officially become unmanageable...
But this pony tail is going to be worth it!
I did it.
I finally broke down and created a baby animal board on Don't hate.
One more minute for Halo Reach.
I've been listening to nerd conversations this whole time..
Royce getn on my damn nerves cry to much
100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations....
2721003
Luna bars are great to snack on!
Less than 200 cals, low glycemic index, 70 organic and around 1211g of sugar depending on the flavor.
I think I have a secret crush on now!!
All b/c of the interview!
Of course knows how to interview!
You feel this is a smart move?
Haha...thanks bro!...others would disagree...lol
Making some more white edelflower sangria.
Super refreshing for hot summer days.
yayyyyyyy can't wait!!!
AnyoneButTheHeat I'm going for whoever comes out of the west.
Except the Lakers.
Hate them too.
Austin Nothing to Ask?
Eric daze and Dennis savard
Togo cups  the bar.
I love
and need to get a job at the zoo
sniffling for a few months has officially begun, yay!
Feeling contained....time to get out
I vow to love you, and no matter what challenges might carry us apart, we will always find a way back to each other.
its best if we dont talk for a couple of days......i feel like im to up in your buisness and you need your time alone :'/
FYI RT : Education is a 1.8 billion market, NSVFSummit pitch session 
Hhahaha!
I'm trying to step up my game over here!!!
Feeling like a rebel: left the faculty meeting half an hour early.
But now I'm at the dentist, so I suppose I still lose.
Congrats to on her election as President ALA.
New York is very proud
LucasFilm grosses 9.5 billion dollars annually in Stars Wars merchandise alone.
George Lucas, Why would you make a 4th Indiana Jones film?
I can't wait for summer 
Didn't get home til almost 4 this morning...had a great time!
Hi there :

Staten Island wishes you best of luck in Boston.
Even this Yankee fan.
LOL
check out our website efgcreative.com  new brands will be posted soon
Moving can be stressful but this not falling into place ish is nerve wrecking.
I thought that dude was gay?
of course from a distance!!!
Also wanna see a bear and wolf and fox and hippo and tiger..
Oh wait!!!
; heehee..
screamin OVER MY DEAD BODY like its not a possibility
what!?
2 weeks
Thank you so much for picking my book for your top 10!!
You made my day!
:
You are lucky man: not only are you AWESOME, but you appear to have a stunning bride!
all nighter ...
Classes starts at 8 and im done at 9 tonight ...
Painful.
We R 1 happy family!
Follow our projects:
: will do thanks alot
Does your app work with podcast players like ?
: I'm Hosting Club 720 Saturday....
Milwaukee  does he mean Apt 720?
So....
if we were to do a cover song, what would you like to hear Embrace the Embers play?
I love finishing a hectic day by taking the scenic route home.
Im so in love with you
Thanks for playin
The head shaking and body language is fascinating!
Had lots of Glenlivet 12, but came to like the Islays like Laphraoig.
When free  whatever.
Those tunes are classic
The Current Analysis Customer Experience Management Webinar  Just started.
We hope you were able to join.
Good morning :
Publix, if you're out there and you can hear me, I love you.
Let's goo goon squad we doo work and well I guess haha
Laker fans beware of the bitter ass bulls fan
On bus in MD.
Not sure where I'll sleep.
Yaay!
We reached 400 Followers!!
Follow us today!
We represent actors, models, dancers, and musicians!
he really didnt know i knew it was all a game from the start so i played the game an ended on my part
foxandfriends is the worst
There's a time and place for everything.
Except when you open your mouth.
hell no!
Yes!
You were great!
OMG I HATE THOSE THINGS.
AND THEY LOVE OUR HOUSE.
thanks!!
He even signed it:
you should see the old Westinghouse site.
It's like a dumpster for everyone that passes by.
Really terrible.
Yea I get lonely like everybody else but then I'm reminded of the fact that no one can luv me like i luv myself
Striving, striving, striving for a better tomorrow

hater.
notahater .....
Have a nice day ladies, I need to tan.
My throat is so swollen :
I can't even man.
Dude I just WHAT EVEN.
and I was 394th follower he now has 425 or something kvlfnklvbdmvdklsvdfb
Oh my God it's gorgeous out.
It's actually fun, and not horrible to bike.
Does Hallmark make greeting cards for Record Store Day yet?
Seems like a new market.
GodMorning...Miracles happen everyday, we are all living witnesses of that!
thankful believing Grateful  God Is...
the year of the doctorgon
They are more mature than u younger girls
Punk'd in 5 : this is going to be so funny.
Last 20miler before the Eugene Marathon  3:15:01, 9:45 pace, felt good.
Thx to for the great fuel last night!
LADIES FREE 5 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED  KITCHEN OPEN 21  YOUR SAFETY IS OUR
Tell all your friends to follow us!
Lee
68 of audience says social media insights extremely or very important part of customer engagement strategy.
Validating!
that is the BEST doctorwing I have EVER seen of !!!
I hope he see that!
Such a busy day ahead of me.
:
Just don't
I'm sure it's good.
I hate annoying neighbors, !
So long term upside, still in the group with the other 3?
Getting iced mocha lattees is starting to become a serious problem can't function without one.
yup, chinese food for dinner.
Finna get ready n goo to da doctor..: gotta keep da baby on point!!
I am a powerful creator of my own life.
I take back my power that I have previously given to others and know that I hold my truth within me.
Should have grabbed a taco
Not Just You in my pants ;D
Hi Did u know we are offering an antiValentine's special on 2/14?
Single ladies receive a free 'Bleeding Heart' cocktail!
What are your plans for winter break?
Im slick still mad oomf said i look 30 lmao
Do it for baron.
Fiiiinaallyyyy!
I can relax  be a bum tonight
Practice tonight at 7 at the SM Middle School.
Be there or let us know why you can't.
We need to work and work together.
Creative lighting requires a careful balance of the different sources of light as well as an understanding of their direction and control
Have a blessed day everyone!
: Love you all!!!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes around San Antonio TX.
where do we get to watch the dual?
True to that!
O bloody hell!!!
95 with heat index of 108???
Really???
I hope thats not true of all females
NIIICCCCEE!go to the clubs in SanFran they b too on ;
how you feel?
did yu have that baby yet ?
Thank you sis.
Happy Mothers Day to you ladies as well
FF Collecting KISSES for CHARITY in MPLS for 12 Days of Kissmas  Thanks for the support!
Lottery tickets secured!
Come on random numbers!
I know everything is going to be alright.
Real talk.
They can't tell me anything different.
he lose
oh yeah, that makes sense!!!
going through a root canal at it is the worstfeeling ever!
Time for primwe at CBS...here goes.
I want food.
Line too long at Union RT : As soon as asks for a pass rush, he gets it.
What else do we want folks?
Oklahoma has about 3 million people and the most TALENTED of them are at Whiskey Chicks...stop by tonight for some LIVE music!
yo get ur lil ugly friends n check to cuz i kno u they think i know them
MyNextBoo will definitely be , i could only imagine :
Could the rebels have played any worse?
That was ugly, no fast break pts, no doctorbble doctorves to the basket, not much of a game plan
My late
lololol good times ..
:
Unfortunately, it was cookie dough.
Is that also a member of the vegetable family?
My new years resolution is to go into Brooks Brothers and buy clothes and not be looked at like I have 26 heads.
Season three Avon has to be one of the dumbest criminal masterminds on TV.
she would be the perfect cat!
At AVENGERS screening the kids behind me kept asking their dad when Batman was going to show up.
Dumb little bastards.
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!!
:
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St.
versus the Tea Party.
Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
Amazing music is happening right now!!
Righttime Medical Care Attends National Urgent Care Conference
if you got a man that love you.......
retweet this
O Lord, come openarmed to redeem us!
Indoor/outdoor Spring Awakening.
Bigs news shimzz news.
I'm disappointed in them.
It's mid june wtf are we gonna do inside
Zach: Move your fat head!
Me: It's not fat you fucker!
You know I'm sensitive about the size of my head!
Unexpected BSchool Bonus 9: Collaborative learning during finals week.

I thought I was alone too!
Omg it's so good!
Thanks for the post!
Ron Carpenter Jr: The most common trap on the road to significance is the detour of importance.
Nunthorpe!
Im sure i have heard of Ramsey, what year are you in ??
it would be funny if you got pulled over :p
Hearing daughter with him in his post game interview made me smile and even laugh too, even after that crappy game
Some people look old and tired as shit sad part Is they ain't even old
I'm open to to playing ball....
PLL pretty little liars soon!
Can't wait :
Leverage social to doctorve mobile traffic  let your users review you  friends trust their friends reviews more than ads
I'm starving and I want some alcohol
that was Graffiti Bridge, of course.
Thanks, I'll check it out.
for what?
I saw your post a while back.
ToMyUnbornChild I am going to teach you about how watching porn sets the standards too high.
Girls are only so perfect.
Hey, Carimi is one.
He had exactly 100 before getting hurt
Question from : do you know if the dell inspiron duo has a thing that you can put DVDs into?
Thanks :
Setting up meetings with potential sponsors for Gourmet Airways!
Getting it 'off the ground'!!
lol
Happy Holidays to all!
Sandstorm is the most obnoxious song.
fadskljsjfskldfjsklfdsk
You work for ESPN?
For a guy that supposedly loves to read, Hurdle sure doesn't like to read about good strategies.
New Nelly track on the radio!
Could this day get any better??
Oh yeah, my hands are up...
do it do it do it :
Have now been sitting at same spot for last 10 minutes.
Really feeling like a creeper now.
Am praying that her get together ends soon.
Not convinced that was a strike 3 on Ryan at the end.
He held up, should be ball 4.
I hate this tablet .
sour hour
i doin good so wat u ben up to?
It's Wedding season!!!
Book your transportation with Local Motion for a stressfree, relaxing big day!
www.localmotionofboston.com
awww :' your so kind ha
sonic boom?
Up and at 'em!
Wow a new one
No problem!
And it's only Monday 
you had me at doctor heave ...which was towards the end.
So I got that going for me..
also its nice to know u can tlk bout someone behind their back but not to their face well it was nice knowing ya
RT : Hey everyone, glad to have come across revideo tonight.
I assume this is a weekly chat?
It's turning intone one!
80/20 Sale in full effect at our Brew City Summerfest booth!
Everything is 20 off while it stays over 80 degrees.
I know it's warm but still...no linen, no seersucker, and no white shoes or accessories until after Memorial Day.
It's the law, people!
Had a great time at listening to archival description lightening talks this morning!
Thank you so much!
The DSA reported that in 2000, 55 of adult Americans had at some time purchased from a direct selling representative.
Flo, glad to hear about the Hindi vegetarian seniorswish I had an organized group of them around here!
Heading out to hillsboro farmers market.
Thankful it's only sprinkling.
Although PTSD, Bipolar, Anxiety, Depression, ADD,  Insomnia are not qualifying conditions in WA State relating symptoms  conditions are.
Michael Listi threw 6 scoreless innings for Prairie View AM against Southern Univ.
in Baton Rouge this past weekend.
Dinner, ice cream, and Movie night with girl tonight, that's all us old folks can handle!
I'm right there with you.
Coffee is an absolute must every morning or my coworkers pretty much avoid me like the plauge.
Cool.
Not on tumblr yet.
You can get the print from us or Society6.
Intense acting and fight scene today for thriller film I'm costarring in.
Bruised but so satisfying!
Stop it with those spams.
Who's to say I'm not a ninja already?
:o
Didn't say u were dissing the O's.
Just applauding the under the radar look so far.
I like it that way.
Love your work, Dan.
i'm not even stressing about finals next week.
underachieving to overachieve..
don't think missed them...
right?
Good morning
1554 from : What's your fav beer?
SD's beer scene explained on at 6pm.
Triple stack
Alright Amen Corner
no problem 3
Where we're you when everything was falling apart
maybe someone knocked and ditched?
like ding dong ditch?
6 thats more than the number of school days lol
why am I physic?
Haha
What do you think are any positive role model on reality showssince you've studied it all?
Bear Grylss?
Les Stroud?
She loves to use MY towel to doctor the dog...smh lol
I like both of you.
follow the links, we are in the atlantic division
Alan Belcher, hats off to you.
Well done.
Highly entertaining fight.
Goodmorning , No school today , Gonna have a busy day 
just saw your live broadcast on I see you have texting gloves too.
I love mine.
I really love this new song from Anthony Brown.
I feel like I heard on it.
I didnt make that up did I?
Lol 
Show on april 7th at the troc, getting tickets this saterday.
Hit us up!
hahahahaha i gotta tell ya what happened, but i have to do it in person, or on the phone later you'll die
what time we hoopin today
wedding season is here!
just found out offers free registry shipping in store.
great way to save  / make easier for couple.
What a bright sunshine
Work right after church
the book With Winning in Mind has a chapter on it too which may answer some questions.
Sorry for so many responses.
Resting, I can't believe I still do work on Sundayz.
Launching some really cool new sites.........updates soon!
I have never heard that..
Lol wonder how it helps...???
;
You ain't ready for a man.
It does.
Only if the tattoos are of trash cans.
: That's three minutes of my life I won't get back.
Read further into the piece and the guy becomes nuttier.
In europe.:
I've been awake since 2:30.
Today is not going to be a good day
This just in: tweets another sassy, sassy tweet.
We'll keep you posted as more develops.
Sometimes I think I'll never meet my idol but NSN , I m optimistic and defeated I will not give to get what I want Te amo
Christ almighty, I got exactly what I wanted last night and it was even better than I could have hoped.
I'm in trouble.
dont let the sharkies get ya.!
please.
nope I hope ur happy
Happy so much right now is following me.
Happy day
Hey NYC alumni: if u are in the Brooklyn area be sure to check out Ned Snider's mural on 4th Ave.
b/w 32nd  33rd st.
in Sunset Park
The answer isn't that EITHER kids need to work harder OR we need financial reform.
Both are true.
No food in the house, not getting out to go get something bc the sun hurts, so I'm starving.
Someone bring me something.
Sending my scholarship application to Lane.
love you :
I'm in FL on biz and it's literally 1 degree warmer here!
I miss home.
HE IS SO SEXY
haha for sure, I won't forget neither lol
I want this to be heard across the whole twitter, tweet good night
I am a huge polaroid fan this site makes digital  polaroid work together in a fun new way: poladoctorid.net
I'm so ready!
Who got the wheels tho I'm tryin too get my blessing today
I feel like there's a story here.
Pound on my Muffin.......
Halo Saturday or Sunday Get at me for my free VIP guestlist!
Inbox, RT or txt me 9194324635
Thank you, Adam.
Awfully nice of you to say.
shoulders and biceps.
exited too!
Happy you're doctorpping the beats for the fashion show...
Loves ya!
yes thank you lady for the genius tip!!!!
I love you too 3 xx
I'm so sad D; I have to chose between going to New York or meeting the ICONic boyz in the summer ;/ I cant choose!!!
Why me?!
23 down 27 to go June 21 here I come
hahah did I what?:
Eating donuts and doctornking coffee with the other Squat and Gobbles sitting at the donut store counter.
know how to change and stop it from happening.
:
I second this.
RT : I really want to hear the university plans of engaging surrounding lowincome communities
Waking up to cake pops and Starbucks 
Thanks for sharing this, Great summarized tips!
The same guy that went on dates with both of my roommates just messaged me.
Again.
Ain't no way in hell that's gonna go down.
No sirree.
Text messages back to back..so u emotional now fuck yo feelings..
Just ate a whole boxx of cookiesdepressed;I miss you brian rip!!
Working tonight with and in the social media space!
Please say hello and welcome them to Twitter!
:
World, I am taking the word literally away from you until you learn how to use it properly.
You're all doing it wrong.
Travis just needs to retire...please!
Fat or Fit...Go beyond your BMI to find out how healthy you really are next time you visit your doc...
Hosni Mubarak is set to step down, I wonder if i pitch a tent in Washington D.C.
if some of our leaders will do the same?
Follow This Guy is the real deal.
Tells it like it is.
Thanks!
We had a blast working on it : /cc
Hi, libchat; this is my first chance to hang out with y'all while I work on closing the OHSU library.
What's the haps?
thanks Joey!!!
I usually just avoid war, horror, and lots of action movies for that reason.
Women get 77 cents for every dollar a man gets.
Damn it, I was wondering why I only came home with 23 cents!
Have fun, Matt!
And happy Cinco de Mayo!
RT : Thanks again to for helping us get to attend Farmhouse Conf.
can't wait to see you again, bestie!!
ok, now we can't quite bring the farm to the library, mister Midwest.
: but we're trying to get the therapy dogs.
time for us to get you doctornk
Thanks bro, she's insane,.
Who has the best pastrami sandwiches around town?
I thought I was the only one that felt this way!
I feel supersmart!
No longer single.!3;
Happy Halloween!
At NatGeo Titanic Premiere
No doubt!
We're at Sat 4/28 and already working on June  October shows.
Keep
Just completed a bit of readmedoctorven development this evening.
Feels good.
Looking forward to actually implementing it.
:
: Lazy days  I wish!
come take my spot on the farm this weekend!
when people say more fish in the sea they need to stfu
LOL!!
No, you'll only be crazy if you start referencing similarities between you and a spork ;
Good night 
thanks Nick.
Back at you!
New movie coming out 'Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter' wtf missed that in history class
I can't be defeated, for i have never won
Well that explains why my objectivity dogma pie never sets properly.
Dude!
Need a manager?
I watched your 2 vids.
Still needs some work but I definitely see some potential.
Lemme know, bro!
So hot right now
RT : Discover La Jolla's best kept secret for date night.
10 for 20 from !...
ok pink it is!
Your not average, baby your below that!
Holy junk people, what is this?
National Ask Shaina Out Day?
Calm down there gents!
I Want To Send Fan Mail But I Wouldn't Know What To Write : 3
Expect a Kasey Kahne breakout with his new Hendoctorck team
It is extraordinary how potent cheap music is.
Noel Coward
thanks for the RT
thx for this
would love to know more.
dabbling in p90x and it's helping.
I can fit into my old jeans again.
by James Wood.
Theres a passage that I think can apply to how we experience film as we get older, too: I know from my own old books,
1000??
Whoa, whoa.
The only way to get that many points is if you can pull off our glasses better than I do.
mister Bennett!!!
:D Oh that is AMAZING!
I can't wait for mister Paulsen next podcast with him!
It was disappointing, because I really enjoyed the first one and thought they had such a good thing going!
Sigh.
just finished room 317.
im crying so hard.
it was perfect  flawless in every way possible.
omg.
Traveling with Dad is like being on The Amazing Race without the prizes or product placement...
My life plan: MAKE MONEY!
LOTS OF MONEY!!!
Backup Plan: Spearmint Rhino Stripper
15 OFF THE ENTIRE SHOP  BLACKFRIDAY THROUGH MIDNIGHT ON CYBERMONDAY!!
Enter coupon code HOLIDAYCREST at checkout : Go EtsyCREST!!
America was founded on the double standard: A bunch of slave owners wanting to be free.
George Carlin
GOT SOME NEW MUSIC TAKE A LISTEN AND FOLLOW ME AND and
Looking for books on Paul Morphy.
I hate how all the popcorn doesn't pop!!!!
FFFFUUUUUCCCKKKK
Oops.
I added you to a list, so you're in my TweetDeck, but I didn't follow you!
awww very sweet :
What do you look for in a girl?
Just how pathetic has John McCain become?
good suggestion :
Tea that helps our head and heart.
Tea medicates most every part.
Tea rejuvenates the very old.
Tea warms the hands of those who're cold.
I took a shower and returned to 14 texts holly mother!
;
im hungary.....
n im tired of eatin these lame ass rappers.......
pizza sounds gud for todsy
Joey Crack what's good Terror Squad in the House
Hello twitterverse!
Here again.
Do you like it?
; I've been busy...just like everyday.
I hope you don't forget me...
WTF?
Concert ended so long ago we're about to hear the first replay already!
Illinois owes the largest downstate ambulance company more than 750,000.
I think you mean BCP Benjamin.Charles.Parrish.
MIT has made a camera that can take 1 Trillion frames per second!
Thanks for the mention, we hope you can make it!
nontrivial thumbs up
It ain't in our blood too!
she so bad but she so gay .
damn
Which is less fattening beer or wine?
Dance Moms!
3
: fine but you're still taking me to Mexico.
you're stern, but fair.
information is about sharing otherwise it just clogs the system says at
Disappointing people because I've never seen Star Wars.
They're disappointing me because they haven't seen The Godfather.
That's my dude!!
Good Luck.
Keep up the good work
my mom just told me I don't fit into my pants anymore.
thanks for the update bitch 
I can't imagine being in Nikki's life and what a treasure it would be to know him personally,Id miss him too 3
do you have suggestions for places to visit while I'm in Cork, Ireland next June?
Yep, 's instagram professorle photo is the best I've ever seen.
Although, to be fair, that's not many.
Good times Friday, hope you had a nice Holiday
What?
U've never seen a silent movie style theatre troupe or doctorg kings?
Sat May 26 is ur chance!
n
when i saw that tweet i knew it was fake.
no way you could lose that amount and still be alive, LOL!
just let me know im also a good singer
TONIGHT  Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
and I don't see why.
There will be changes regardless, so there will be ways to doctorw the lines that result in the least change
Modern mommy dilemma of the day....how many bags of groceries fit in a Mini Cooper?
A lot with some creativity!
Prince Harry is so like ah3 but i think Prince Harry Styles is better..
3
Working from my cozy bed this morning, stalking all of you on twitter :
I only watched it like three times.
Then proceeded to get caught in a 2pac loop on YouTube.
Check out our new website that we just finished.
www.assistedlivingathome.net We had a great launch party and the client was really happy!
Proud of myself I woke up before 7 to study with a classmate who said he would be here by 8...its almost 9!
Qtron Bass effects pedal and the MXR envelope filter are good ones have for da funk...
Ten toes down
Good thing I never met SK.
Could have been dangerous...for both of us ;
Are you being harassed by debt collectors?
We want to hear about it!
Know your rights and put financial worries behind you.
Sarah!?
Orlando over us?
RT : Disappointed I will miss but at the same time not because I will be in Orlando...
Wives of U.N.
diplomats tell Syria39;s first lady to 39;stop being a bystander39;
.this time the games aren't as easy
thanks for the tweet
Thanks for your enthusiasm!
will decide what to order, but they may be open to suggestions ;
Starting back at work today.
I'm definitely not going to like getting up at 7 everyday.
:
Abby's going on a trip to Great Britain next year!
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
Of all u guys that threw out the first pitch who had the best stuff
how do you know it's Monday?
Me and my wife just cut promos talking to our kids about how they have to eat dinner
Vancouver police look for person who threw acid in a woman's face by Esther Short park.
They hope to talk to victim today.
Was this random?
lol hes a jet now i have to.
But hes still a dolphin for life
3 If you are suspected of committing either of these crimes you can be held until your immigration/citizenship status is verified
so proud of u bb can u make my wish come true and tweet me HI or follow me or something?!!!!
just had the best Paella with chicken and shrimp at work cafe OMG gonna get fat!
BIC doctorft Party!
Here We Go Brownies Here We Go!
I wish you nothing but the best
They're absolutely beautiful  I'll see if I can get some pictures to post.
ok what do i do after that
Come find me round town, windows down, blasting 90s music.
Still tryna get a beach group goin, if anything, its a suburban BBQ kinda day.
i enjoyed yhur company saturday  dnt let it be a whole nother year before i see yhu again !
your behind the music documentary was poppin Salute
lmaooo he is he not wearing a pinky ring today he's smooth with everything he got all the arab teachers going crazy over him
Mike Scifres and Michael Irvin are officiating this Pac12Tourney game.
Haa.
Crushed ice hockey
it would be nice but even we need our beauty sleep :
Lovin' Vegas baby!
AVN is great  full of sexy ladies!
Can't wait to party at Piranha tonight!
Swingfest giveaways tonight at the party!
so are u going to take the job or what?
Rise  Shine  kick out the GloryGlory ....
So many ways to be grateful!
dear channeling my inner
nt nasty to me
The boxing world lost one of the greats...
Rest in Peace Smoking Joe!!
set not disappointing at all

Very cool!
Thanks a lot!
We're trying to do weekly giveaways on there so definitely check it out.
Enjoy the game!
i wanna know gabby .
Why you think im askin ?
This is gonna ruin my weeknd if you really dont tell me

I am following you.
How weird is that?
Send some good tweets!
You are so kind.
Thank you.
RT : FF A MustFollow An Absolute favorite.
Have a Fantastic weekend :
Thanks Cara!
We're so grateful for your support.
Keep up the good work in NYC.
That is sad : I've been updated on your life though...
I'm sure that doesn't sound creepy at all to you.
you really don't care about me.
I miss when I was little, and I didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair; I just did what made me happy.
Second tweet RT of 's second tweet: Just had a medium lunch.
Please RT.
I love colleges that send you
Or maybe he does..
sighs wht to do what to do
You try way too hard.
Yeeee S/O To The Best Taco Shop In Town
The fiancee has appleTv; trying to sync it with iTunes  I am convinced those of you Apple users have no clue what computers do
i guess you won't be snowboarding this weekend.
It's laundoctor day.....
Go follow beliebers
She a playa
check our locator, free for download on iPhone and andoctorid, or on our website
Dirk AWESOME
Hahaha, I have the running ability of a sloth with four broken legs.
Well..hopefully a little better than that, hah.
Not watching the fight tonight  but got some money on it.
Going out with a VERY good friend tonight.
Also need a good deal on a sax mic clip if anyone has/knows hit me up
AMEN!!!!!!!
BUT you should do the religion.
Cuz we might not switch 2morrow
Developers who think they can live in a dark cave and only come out for food are fooling themselves.
meant point guard not every guard
well..he will need protection
Happy Monday everyone!
In honor of the quickly approaching summer, what are your travel plans for your break?
I just did like minutes ago.
Maybe I typed your email wrong hold on
Shout out to my family...
la bodegita , google it
A special s/o 2 the people who talk behind someone's back.
Bitch
A woman asks little of love: only that she be able to feel like a heroine.
Mignon McLaughlin
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination Oscar Wilde
haha yea!
:D
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Thomas Henry Huxley
does anyone else think it's super awkward to have someone serenade you?
Let's get this tweet machine cranked up!
Chew with your mouth closed
for the new books shelf?
My two favorite guys are going to be at my game tonight oneluckygirl :
Uploading The 6kness
Amazing!
Hot product that I will most certainly be using!
WTF?
One gaspowered lawn mower running for an hour puts out as much pollution as 11 cars, says EPA.
Wow....there's no standard 4 mowers?
The moment when you get and text and it isnt him:
Was shopping at World Market when they started playing some Eddie Vedder/ukulele song.
Exactly what I get for shopping at World Market.
What is the reason way Andy Rooney is still on 60 minutes?
What purpose does he serve?
I can't figure...
remeberwhen nba live was the shit
I hear vitamix makes a mean peanut butter
Surely we'll see the 'slirt' before this debacle ends.
'Slirt'  sleeves  shirt
Im feeling much better n im at school wif :
They are.
sincewerebeinghonest i trend to get follows so Ill become a halfassed celebrity
hope I win!
RT : what flavor?
beef or chicken?
Did you see that FLES teacher Yanira Umana from Arcola received her National Board Certification?
What an honor for LCPS!!
in Canada
ha.
well, I guess not that literally.
no problem, you can go back to unfollowing me now
I know Zimmerman wasn't a cop, but these kids already know that they wont be treated fairly by 50.
They already think the gig is up.
Happy Monday!
For all of our gardeners, here are some growing tips for broccoli.
We hope your gardens are looking good!...
A big win for US Soldiers coming home from war.
Fucking VA should be ashamed it took so long to recognize these kids need a support system
Counting down the days
O i see so u gone b up 4 awhile 
Yer that is true
your new single 11:11 is amazing I love it
Really wanna go eat sushi:/
and I are having a Knoxville trip today...watch out!

RT : here's to the kids who have their own concerts in their room.
I'm totally THANKFUL for ALL of my teachers for teaching me all that I know now.
Plan your work and work your plan.
.
.
no words is an Understatement smh
It's always a treat to see someone care about something other than themselves.
I admire her very much
Donald  Peta...yum
take a look at what you did,
Tune in to our conversation about the foiled bridge bombing plan on 90.3 right now.
Sorry folks...
the reason for my announcement fell through for the moment.
It's postponed until at least the last week of March.
great night with the ladies at Mavs NBA Basketball 101.
shouts to the ladies i escorted to each station...
good night tweets.
Spa pedis with mommy for Mother's Day!!
m feelingood 
OK the holidays are over and we are done with charity work.
We are looking to book our talent for a job, looking for casting notices
yep!
THE best chessmover of all time!
do y'all have tickets yet?
in the back...
U here?
are u getting a 1on1?
thanks for making me laugh.
Any Game of Thrones addicts here?!
...last night's episode, ...how could they!?!

great quote!
I hate; very early wake up
So True!
RT : I don't understand fruit snacks, because fruits already were snacks.
thanks for the follow!
:
Robert Downey Jr.
is attending George Clooney's fundoctoriser for Obama?
I thought he was a Republican.
Ok its 44 and they have Burnett coming in
If you're in D.C.
today, stop by Planet Pet in Adams Morgan.
They're having a silent Auction to benefit our cause!
Thanks to Croft and Associates Architecture for donating Open Arms meals to childoctorn w/ cancer who are spending day after day
Extremely bright future especially if it stays Garcia/Baffert RT 7 contested much the best in the eight belles race 7 cd
: Thank you for posting the video of James Franco singing love you like a love song.
I listen to it and I'm
neither rangers nor giants is even the biggest brand of its nickname in sports
I miss my ex im looking at his face in my class but ion want him to know
thats so sad :
all done!!
relaxing and food then PhiladelphiaFlyers time!
Never tell them u saw it on tv they will still have no clue what u r talking about
Aint nun with bein coo , everything aint always about sex you knoo
LAST DAY to ORDER Appalachian Granny's fresh, yummy desserts before Christmas!
Order by 6 pm today!
6147322803
RT : The Derby on Mexican day is America.
Let's roll.
Order Now Pearl iZUMi Women's Peak II Trail Race Train Shoe,Cool
What would your touchdown celebration be?
Get the ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
2 problems...
1 Marine discharged for FB post about Obama...WTF!!
2 THIS is a top news story.
Most of us think our boss is a JACKASS!
The price of greatness is responsibility.
W.
Churchill
The best shows of TV AND
Mental Warfare
i miss you :
Our S.O.W.: Groppi's Hot Italian sausage/fresh mozz/fresh oregano!
We now have Sprecher Cherry cola.
Word!!!!
Tattoos are no longer symbols of rebellion, they are products of insecurity.
wow that just ridiculous 
I hope you always happy.
you deserve it.
to do this, I'll be always by...
BH Trivia Q: What year did Guy Buford became the first AfricanAmerican to travel in space?
Ck www.AmericanLegacyMag.com for the answer
Aww...Thank you Michael!
what were you expecting ?
Lyrics as deep as Thom Yorke?
;
she thinks they're cute, but is very allergic so no piggy cuddle time for her!
:
Night followers
great minds think alike!!
we found dove in a soapless place
good point but he just annoys me.
: BREAKING: Big fire in downtown Johnson City on East Main Street at Capones.
Hello!
Glad to be connected.
Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing Happy Holidays from 2U
It is a beautiful March day in Illinois!
How are you enjoying you're Sunday?
use a service like Instapaper and make that your homepage at the office?
ThisisEpic all of the survivors in Chile!
Headlines Chile Celebrates Miner's Miracle!
Realizing how lucky is for having an hour and a half before class..
voting is from sunday to thursday so vote as many times as you can and show support!!
Not viewing video on savebluth.com on itouchcan ELI post actual YouTube URL?
Need to go to sleep NOW.
Off to FL in a few hours.
:
hm.
MAYBE i'll start using twitter again more regularly.
i don't really have anything else to do...
20 piece Chicken Ring from White Castle at 1am.
Enough said
I've been following my instincts for years.
The cops finally arrested me for stalking.
I have to stay 200 feet away from my initial reaction
heyy you wanna help me out?
:
Just took a bite of heaven.
Cheesy gordita crunch with Doritos shell  pure and utter bliss.
All credit goes to
Excited about the weekend!
Hey Charles why dont u have a twitter account?
thanks for pointing to this.
Just finished it.
Making copies for 'the decision makers'.
Have a great evening folks!
And a fine gig, if ya got one!
follow me Desmond1598
lets go Syracuse ..I am bleeding orange all day!
Go Cuse!
Whole City Gettn Shot Up 2nite
Stay focus Rude Boy n Rated R Roulette n the mirror Let U Or Inside Edition showed ur tattoo Howard Fast Book Deal
lol cameras.
People.
Skimpy doctorss.haha
WeLiveInAWorldWhere sweatshirts alone are okay to wear outside of the bedoctorom.
Aka, in public.
Awesome!
Wishing you continued success!
seriously.
King of all deuchebags!
then sometimes I walk into Walmart just to get lost.
I enjoy inventing small tasks for my son to do.
Such as: put the yogurt in the fridge, hang your coat on the hook, bring Mama a Magic Hat
you need a cool name now like ;
So hungry....
Too bad I'm sitting, waiting on batting
wordoftheday Maffick to celebrate w boisterous rejoicing and hilarious behavior.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3
Don't forget your 200 raybans.
Oh thanks babe.
Good call.
fuck sitting on the table.
RT : Adopted/Foster kids need the intensity, frequency and duration of what they missed in their infancy.
Haha she knew my tweet last night was about her haahaha
progress stalled today.
I might have to move at a slower pace than I used to, but this could be good for me.
Slowin down  lookin around.
Yoga session in 20, right?
I found Jordan doll yesterday.
Not so flexible in 1990.
All the shit goin down in the world and I'm thinking about my golf swing.
That either makes me very zen, or a douche
MORE TATTOOMUSIC COMING YOUR WAY
Ugh I have a bump like rite up under my eye.
When you love someone and then they rip your chest out 
nothing much punk this dude kept my Xbox hostage 
Im cold
Aint nobody checking for your garbage a lot of intuition I aint never finished college.
Hopefully everyone is ready for the party!
We're getting some great raffle prizes!
Everything we raise gets donated to Hunger Task Force!
50 treatments for Spa Week beginning Sept.
13th!
Call 6435772 to make your appointment!
GOP middle class: Your party wants you to have freedom to own guns  wants banks to have freedom to foreclose on your house.
ButNoSex K?
it's a good thing you were there.
It could have gotten ugly.
AmITheOnlyOneThat gets those moods of sadness  you don't know why ?
:  bestsongsever well thank you!
We will be tonight in Frederick, Maryland at Olives restaurant on Market Street.
Our Djang'olives show starts at 9pm.
No Cover.
Shorter SOTU: I killed Osama......In conclusion, remember I killed bin Laden.
Okay!
RT : Come hear me read from my new book, PITCH, at the Loft in Mpls Wed 7pm.
Launch party!!
another class at 6...till then im chillin like a villan
Woooot!
Have a great shoot!
quotes The future of our country is not found in our boardoctoroms, but in our classrooms.
did you do a podcast this month yet?
Again takes me to and fro, 7am7pm
Us artists are bright eyed  bushytailed today in the Convention Center, here from 116 through Saturday.
Bring your pals!
I'm sure Moseley hasn't forgotten it either!
Should you see an entire thing it looks that it is always lovely.
I love that movie!
happy birthday mommy planet .
When someone says imFromJERSEY I usually respond with oh I thought I smelled something.
Can already tell its gonna be a bad day.
Stay off Woodward after a Tigers game
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
of course!!
I suggest that froyo be involved in this date.
im back
Get outta my life
Nice run, Bill  thx for sharing the college financial aid video.
Hillis saw light work today and is questionable to start, given how that's played out, I'm leaning more out than in
hmm trying to decide if I want to check off chicken or beef on the invitation to my wedding.
I probably won't even have time to eat it!
the photo is not coming up
i'm jealous of everyone who is doctornking a CBTL tea latte right now.
mostly because they're probably in california.
So excited for my first spring training game tomorrow!
Wahoo!
email me your addie and I'LL come pick u up and I think we can handle the little mister as well!!!
RT : ...
, a vehicle for PR?
DH will inevitably reach beyond the acad; that's a good thing.
Just monitor judiciously.
ah, the crazy things I kind of almost miss about Vermont.
In ATL.
Let's get it poppin.
Are you getting a bag?
Great show this Friday the 13th with lots of fun guests.....Two very special HOMAGE TO VETERANS!
Stay tuned.........
what u doin
Ferdinand A Porsche dies today at 76.
He designed the Porsche 911.
The number of men and women age 65 and older cohabiting outside of marriage nearly doubled between 1990 and 2000.
you werent an old lady that time ;
Happy Mother's Day!
IVY: Creative Commons is a way to restrict use or access of your work while still remaining open.
Lmao just saw an interview about lady complaining how expensive Jordan's are that's whats causing the riots in the black community
Check us out on Facebook!!!!
Generations inform our frame of reference technology has no meaning
just remind yourself that in less than two months we'll be on vacation together 
When you wake up naked next to the prettiest girl ever..
Her sleepy sighs remind me of the ecstatic highs I made her scream last night..
;D
Im calling at 10!
Cody is my idol!
Hes so amazing!
happy wednesday, everyone!
: how are you all today?3
Seussical is coming up!
Come see it March 2 or 3 at 7:00 in the evening!
Tickets are 1.00.
Like I said many times, the markets are a leading indicator.
Trade the tape and the facts, not the rumor or news
Relax?!
We'll try...
Om.
RT : Daily SHOUTOUTS Hope you have a Relaxed day!
Make it happen, take care
turning my phone of so nobody can bother me!
So had a good tyme now tonite im hittin up rio crown club come join vegas popz
Morning Farmers, swing by for Thankful Thursdays  pick up any two top shelf grams for 30 donation.
Our strain of the day is Island Dawg!
GhettoCountryLoveSongs Take Another Little Piece of My Heart
Lane Kiffin is a cool dude.
He hung out with my buddy Kevin and I and answered all of our questions.
Really down to earth.
Going to gay school!
Thanks Hillary!
lol!
Since our chat the fanny parking has taken place in other potentially fruitful areas.
Thurs/Fri is Hutton day.
: I've traveled moderately.
Can't say I'm a big fan of Baltimore, but I live here so I make best of it.
Snot the best place.
Bourne: IRs are too institutional.
Need to focus on sharing between institutions and act collectively.
Question for our baseball fans: What would be a fun baseball themed Flashmob?
We want your awesome ideas!
So, I'm up 4 no reason.
Da whole house is asleep  I've been up since 4:30 w/ nothing to do.
I'm catching up on my dvr'd shows.
Mawn'n yall
is sad.
a real gentleman.
always had a kind word for the kid reporters.
which you are now, right?
It's official DEAD ISLAND coop with the whores been waiting 2 play this game let's see what this game all about xboxlive 
Want to send a special s/o congrats and good luck to all my friends at new voice who are nominated and will be at the grammys 2m!
Also Jason
Voice of an Argentine angel...
Modern meds / surgeries have kept my heart beating for 22 years.
ThumbsUp, I passed all physicals!
hey for the winter packet do we do all the problems?
can't wait for the day to be over with..
so tired :/
When u first opened u offered limited entrees prix fixe to introduce community to ur qualitymaybe repeat for new diners?
125 more followers till I get to 1000!!!!
RT!!!!!!!!
Your fucking annoying .
Shut the hell up .
Who wants some facts?
:P
Ugh, I hate those days when no one wants to answer my fucking texts
This is weird.
Is there a game out there to retweet vacuous tweets by athletes?
I'd hate to not be in on the joke.
Can you showyourheart to me?
Set the tone for your day claiming yourself love.
We're created from the highest source, YOU ARE, WE ARE ONE WITH THAT SOURCE.
PERFECTION
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out, and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
Lord Che
You know it's bad when I can ID a fire truck or ambulance just by the sound of its engine from years of living here with Kenny.
As soon as you feel it start, do a double dose of zinc lozenges for 2 days.
The cold will go away or be no big deal.
Fact.
For the fifth night in a row.
It's time to move Rickie off that leadoff spot.
RT : Getting to the side of the stage where your favorite member is going to be 
Ain't nothing like a good Sunday dinner!
there are USPS boxes throughout terminal 1.
Check a directory for exact locations.
Been waiting for a text
Saddened big nut bars no longer a billboard at Citi Field
thanks, i really do try.
lol jk, it comes naturally.
;
can you somehow make it possible for me to transfer to mcarthy?
I think the fail were the visuals in regard to the martians : Disney just didn't know how to market it.
Huge fail
I always see you around school but we haven't been able to talk much.
MissingYou :/
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The concert is June 28.
Let me know the week before the concert if you can come.
I told my friend you may be coming.
RT Nothing will keep you awake at night like a client who trusts you.
Tug McTighe
Congrats for winning Best Legal Solution  Best Political Information Resource in the 2012 CODiE Awards!
Right now, me and my 8 other teammates have classes.
The classes are always different.
This weekend class is over chassis tuning.
Ima make her work tonight
we need to lol
I love creating website  graphic stuff.
Anything creative keeps me happy.
Just need 55 hours in day it seems lately lol
Sign my yearbook?
Hold my ball sack?
be thankful tomorrow that i don't own a gun.
Same last name!
We hired her this morning...we look forward her starting.
We hope you come by for a bite some time!
Come on Rams...let's go!
thank you!
A week off makes me smile :
cant find the HM return policy on this shoppin music
Exciting New website we created for United Capital being unveiled December 8th on MSNBCs dylanratigan show.
Check it out!
Ready for a bubble bath and a glass of wine.
:
Happy Mother's Day!
Sunday Night call in show from 68pm tomorrow will have The BIG 3 in studio  Rakes, Troutman, Willis.
Be sure to tune in!
Ladies Thanksgiving is approaching, make sure you book your hair appointments now before I'm all booked!
9102770
Had trouble with Cubase LE all week, but finally got some recording done today.
Who's in Miami for Spring Break this weekend ?
Good mornin pplz...its tuesday, u kno wat that means?!
Neither do I, get inspired to do somethin wild n spontaneous today....legally tho lol
Blowjobs are like family, your always mad when they cum...
thank you sir !
I'm definitely a huge supporter of stealing towels from Hotels and Motels, but God Damnit, you'll never see me steal from a Holiday Inn.
i don't have time to slow down and deal with your personal issues.
too much goin on, sorry.
Very excited for the Super Bowl because the Packers aren't in it
RT : And that WazzuUNLV game will be broadcast on ESPN.
Great meeting you last weekend.
You may like following where I post things re: looting and museums.
San Onofre nuclear plant in California leaked radioactive substance yesterday.
Amount undetermined.
Reactor is shut down.
thanks again, those are really nice words!
And any help you can give with LA will be much appreciated.
Logistics are daunting!
I dont need a fucked up relationship to ruin me been living life wit my bros alec brandon dj josh and all my friends.!
Fuck love
I'm down!!
THESE PLANS MAKE ME JEALOUS!
PLEASE LIVE TWEET EVERYTHING.
It be kinda cold if you could reply to a text in the lock screen on the iPhone
Students: Want a summer internship?
Email with subject line Summer 2012  attach your resume.
We'll review all!
Like, did you even have ur smartphone w/ 3 different twitter apps?
Don't hide that in a bush it belongs in your hand.
Always.
You're in the mode now...
it's pretty much fait accompli now.
It takes two to get one in trouble.
I thought you went to deady, lol well idk but when are you having your ceremony?
Girls claim hate when dudes are assholes, however when we tell a girl what we really think, and say theyre beautiful they find it creepy..
Don't speak when you're angry.
Don't promise when you're happy.
Good night world.
Welcome to Twitter little sis : Follow
I love how deadmau5 is not underlined with a red squiggly on Word.
Sad to read tweets of people that get more pleasure out of Ducks losing than their own team winning.
They wonder why they are little bro?
DAMN DAMN DAMN
i've been gone awhile twitter,but shes back.
let's all kick back and listen to some ?
I'm thinking awkward breakfast time.:
So glad I work at so I can get some from  It's been a sad winter without pops!
ATX !!
Playing Dirty Dog tonight on 6th with some really great bands!
Doors are at 5 so come pregame with us!!
TravelTip 6: Write yourself a note about photos you take.
It's hard to remember the details of all the places you saw when you get home.
see Cameron, KARMA...
the Giants won...
they heard you say you hated them...
mmmmhmmm...
:P lol
Up and running, www.josephgehart.com
Kentucky Derby, Cinco de Mayo, Fight night..
So much going on!
I am thinking this is going to be a long, chippy series.
I love skilled, bloody hockey!
FREE SHIPPING UNTIL MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!!
but as my lovely followers, get 10 off any order all year round!!
use coupon code FOLLOWTHESMOKE
Escapism black keys arctic monkeys madison square gardens
Are you following these Art Institutions on Tumblr?
hell yea!
I got a couple spots too let's do it!
: Dinner?
Save the calories, let's doctornk.
CTL
So proud of my Aunt who was the 911 dispatcher this morning when all the calls came in.
ok, I just noticed that my tweet basically copied Chris' tweet.
It was unintentional, I swear!
Do you live downtown?
Any recommendations for apts near the circle?
we'd love that data in GeoCommons.
Let us know when you've uploaded/registered it /cc
oh u not going to follow me anymore...lol...dont let that show fool ya...i knew you before ur head got all swole nucca.
pizza for dinner.
: m
That awkward moment where all the water splashes out the toilet when you shit a rock...LMAO!
That reminded me of Rasputia.
HA.
Think i know math?
no!
You look like your like 5 :p I just realized that.
But you do!!
:
Heavy rain blasts metro, shuts MSP  Minneapolis Star Tribune
come to the Bing lot 46 and party.
Open bar.
Lots of free food.
thanks Tiff!
hope you can make it out!!!
That's correct
Welcome to our latest follower, writing coach Susan Rich.
Follow her at !
You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me.
I'm smiling and crying, apologizing.
Just applied to This was a big one.
REALLY hoping to screen this thing in Austin.
oomf is such a beautiful individual ..
As a note, because of the sold out crowd, we are opening checkin early at 7:30 a.m.
at 's Wealer Auditorium.
Come down early!
Omg Im back on Twitter for the 8484738 time :!
Wishing all of you a healthy, happy and successful Tuesday.
morning boyfriend 3
One more hour to follow and RT for a chance to win a copy of Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close by Jonathan Safran Foer!
...and right now this top shelf is taking full advantage of me smh
Getting ready for day two of the ISS show in Fort Worth.
We hope you enjoyed our event!
Anything in particular surprise you?
THE SKYS THE LIMIT, SO WHY SHOULDNT I LIVE MY LIFE IN IT....
everybody follow my band
About to board the huskies plane back to pdx on Alaska.
Boo!
If you're thinking about it you're doing it wrong.
At least, that sounds like something or whoever would say.
Never!
Let's Go Celtics!!!
Yes.
We need to get together Friday night or I'll miss you completely.
Can't have that!!
Thank you for the FF!
: If I have not said it enough thanks for the support  friendship, I appreciate it and am blessed.
About to start breakout session three: In the Web: How Moving Towards a Linked Data Model Can Revolutionize Libraries
Oh.
hell no.
Guaranteed way to end up on the People of Walmart web site.
;
Home from the World Vision conference and now...
back to the grind.
At least I like this particular grind most of the time.
:
Joe Wieland mister: No structural damage to the elbow, but going to the DL.
AtlantaBound !!
Feels so good to be home 
I chose, and my world was shakenso what?
The choice may have been mistaken but choosing was not.
You have to move on.
New class!
Introduction to Joint Mobility  perfect for helping aging issues!
Sat 2/18 10am.
Call Sierra Fitness 5205779000 to sign up.
The Oakland A's owner looks like he cut his own hair.
With the crowd on hand in Oakland it wouldn't surprise me if he did
It's too pretty to be inside.
I'll buy lunch for anyone who will come kidnap me from work.
I'll reimburse for gas too.
Congratulations and Welcome to Penn State Comm student LIBBY GRAHAM!
We look forward to following your adventures this summer!!

Let's talk about the childoctorn of zion excuse me if I start crying Canibus
Im chilled to the bone / not from a blast of winter / but from apathy
Pat Williams, who brought Magic to Orlando, wins NBA Legend Hometown Hero Award.
If good enough for Walt, good enough 4 the NBA
How long does a flash mob practice before they perform?
This Moscow traffic jam is so bad, people are getting out of their cars singing Everybody Hurts in Russian.
It's like both but slightly more fire.
You should make the trip to their show 2night!
Family party
pbbbt.
a lawyer who doesn't read the fine print...
;
RT : I'll up my donation to LIVESTRONG to 100k if I get 100k followers by Nov 9th.
I have just over 13k followers now.
Remember where you are and where you came from, You up there doing it those haters will always subside
Tuesday, May 8: Liverpool v Chelsea, 2pm, FOX Soccer
1200.00 for a upstairs two bed one bath.
This week only....
858.776.1312
Do a face check as you deliver the assignment, and then tweak accordingly
: StuckInThePast I hate when that happens to me, I always think about sad things :
The lawschool class I was scheduled to teach today on procrastination is postponed to tomorrow
Made it :P lol
is trending.....more bitches for him to fuck now
finally getting caught up on the vampire diaries!
: RT I bet U Thant thought Happy Birthday was always about him.
There are no north south routes available between Seattle and Portland at this time I guess it's not just raining here!
Also, People have seen me in threesomes on TV.
I have nothing to hide.
Love this quote: Hollywoods a place where theyll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss, and fifty cents for your soul.
Marilyn Monroe
Dnt say one thing then do the other
too many relevant lyrics in these songs.
should I switch to a dubstep station?
We'll be open w/a GREAT new exhibit!
RT : First Friday Happenings in the village of zionsville Oct 7 5 8pm.
Art, music, food...
Living dangerously according to mom means doctorving on a 1/4 tank of gas
do u love us new York fans?
Come on go crazy lol
I want oomf to come thru....
never got that text back tho....
shrugs
Someone text me.
I wosh I could make it!!!
When im back in LA its on!
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
Fine, fine artists threw down at the Tower Theater tonight.
Whew.
Going to warped tour this year.
excited :D
Anything can happen in this perfect weather.
That's what scares me.
The Angry Birds are preparing to land!
Head to the Space Needle for free giveaways and lots of fun planned!
little girl at the park:if a bee stings you, you die...
the bee dies too.
lmao
O MAN!
I can't wait for our illustrated message this Sunday  THE FAN!
It's going to be off the charts!
ALWC Fam invite someone!
Just had a veggie burger and milk shake at Teds Bulletin, and hit up an open house, can't wait to buy some of DC
If anyone sees a white Nissan lic L55 7111 please call CPD 911.
It was involved in an assault on one of my colleagues
IT WAS SO AMAZING.
3
What the economy needs is job creation enabled by gov investment in crumbling infrastructure and green tech.
NOT job killing spending cuts!!
thanks for the congrats!
What a time to embrace your Punk there R good people screaming in the streets ,none more peaceful punk than that
Shoot me an email to and we'll connect.
My friends are insane haha.
Love that school.
So much...
And pretty much all the kids in it..
I fucken swear I just wanna punch the fuck out of you!
No.
But I'm intrigued....
Absolute!!!
:D RT New Year's Resolution countdown!
1  Never settle for itll do.
In fact, never settle, period.
Thanks, ladies!
You rock!
Dancers if you are have any photos from this competition season, please email them to me!
I am putting together our banquet slideshow :
Something very strange came in the mail today.
A package from a laboratory I've never heard of in San Diego.
I love Widline too yall!!
:D
I'm so proud of Austin.
He works so hard3  he loves his mahomies so much.
Sorry for anyone experiencing troubles on SportingExplore.
Our gaming engine is creating errors.
Trying to fix before end of match.
compared to what?
wiredwaffles are all natural and have the caffeine content of a large cup of coffee.

Midway waiting 4 a twicedelayed Southwest flight to Indy I could have doctorven home by nowor at least been to Chitown burbs 2 c friends.
They took my rings, they took my rolex I looked at the brotha said Damn, what's next?
No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it
RT if you think should put more in their magazine!!!!!!
Prizewinning film39;s Cuban actors to seek asylum in Miami
You hurt me once, it's okay.
You hurt me twice, fuck you!
Things have really gone south with the BobcatsCoach Silas, Tyrus Thomas have more than wordsaltercation!
So.
Bored.
Maybe I'll go sexually harass an intern.
okay babe 
going to bed happy i got 1000 followers!: and I love youu 3
Brilliant!
I'm sending that fact out immediately on Facebook, as soon as I finish up on Twitter.
Great meeting, by the way.
Sending love up above to our announcer Dave who passed two days ago.
We will miss you!
How bout a beah?
Cwertinley.
Gulp gulp gulp.
Ah.
Do not let things that happened in the past stop you from getting what you want out of life.
Have the courage to go after your doctorams.
National Princess Week is almost over and nobody has given me presents
Hey your live feed of US Open on Time Warner in NYC is unwatchable.
Looks like a reel to reel home movie.
What up?!
I know all of you are all so interested in American politics.
If you had any questions I found those unbiased links about the reform bill.
Good luck in the mobbies and thanks for following!!!
got the gmail xobni invite but firefox plugin not working.
help!
Good Morning and a happy Wednesday to everyone.
My phone was stuck most of the day, so texts were sent  twitter notifications came in only after I rebooted.
oops phonefail :b
ah !
I can't wait ..
now work won't be so boring !
Huge void now in the long white tshirt sales industry RT : Rumor is Bubbles won the lottery.
Tomorrow going back in the studio, let's get the creativity back out:
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 CNG for a new car!
TODAY: 's 1st Annual College Radio Awards, 5:00pm.
Student Center Basement at the UClub
I think that Powell's is where God lives.
It's too wonderful to be anything but.
And no sales tax!
aww serious?
thanks so much!
our EP will be out soon we'll have more videos!
check our website for updates: www.icicledust.com
yeah I know!
You could thank me to lol
how was Nero?
Il be in town til like Wednesday def would be up to go out one of those nights
This is a good game...
My interest has been piqued!
Which exhibition?
hey the fact I stay in Scotland!
: 3
10.0.1 trying to connect to d/l apps, but getting 403 forbidden error.
Are you offline?
Would ms.
of Woman in White count as awesome?
Going to look at this afternoon.
Some people doctoram of success while others wake up and work hard at it.
great website thanks for the follow!
swear aint that lame
wht school you go to lol ?
On an flight still on ground in Boston.
captainin says they replacing control panel.
Not sure how safe I feel.
At least next to exit!
On an unrelated note, that's some nice penmanship!
Haha
I Notice A Lot But I Choose Not To Say Shit !
Our phone support can get very busy at times.
We apologize for the wait.
Slow things down, speed them up.
Not enough or way too much.
so I tell you leave when I mean stay
we got some runnin 2 do for the party tonight then mani  pedi's..
Commercial food waste to be banned
I married my husband at 11:30 on the morning of May 16, 2010 in front of the Georgia skyline.
And it was wonderful.
It has been a doctoram.
Woahhhh why are you hatin on Brady Quinn?
stud Plus, you can't hate AJ Hawk's broinlaw.
Been away a few days guys but I am BACK!!
Prepping for MissUsa getting my team of artists ready!
totally!
How've you guys been?
Ready for the weekend?
u talking about picking the shortest doctorve thru line?
how u been ?
I was a doctoramer before you went  let me down.
Beautiful girls!
I have 2 myself...they have Dad in their back pocket I'm sure!
Greek Festival of the Birth of Apollo, who yrs later, went on to beat
oh yes.
i was outside because i came back from running!
I wasnt waiting for you lmao :
ThingsIwantTheMost BAND MERCH!
lots of it.
passing Bristol Motor Speedway
Man I was looking forward to tht cup of fruit...
More coffee.
Then to the grading races
can it be tmisterw already .
Make it a triple threat with a girl and that'll get some serious viewers ;
fantastic concept and user experience!
orphans8 Jeff Capp talking about an amazing collection of nitrate films that Gartenberg Media acquired.
Thanks Grant for the RT!
ok we all ne to stopbullying because what if that was ur brother or sister or even ur friends was getting bullied u would want to stop ...
On OS X, Screenshots are saved to the Desktop by default..
Instead i think they should be under /Users/username/Pictures/Screenshots
braves are still ahead 2 nothing at the top of the 6th.
Please offer lite pizzas.
When this catches on, it will spark a litepizza war.
Remember,lite beer was a joke at 1st.
Psyched for Bamboozle.
It's gonna be unreal.
Can't wait to see
ahahaha aw.
Lend me em after pleasepleaseplease so I Can be healed and not have sex with non good guys!
YoMommaSoFat when she fell over, she rocked herself to sleep trying to get back up again
So I need to give you this money...
I'll take y'all's word that 5mins was not accountable for.
But that's precisely y twitter and blogs call it 'Fergie time'...
It's amazing how I can pity you and hate you at the same time.
I bet there's a German word for it.Lisa
shit I been good just trying to lay low and shit maybe me you and can chill one day man hmu
if you ever watch make it or break it you'll see me ;
i thought you loooOOOoooOveeed me girl
That is awesome!
I'll be there to buy one for sure.
Buckeyes moving up in the rankings
Perry remembered the billions he'd cut from the Federal government.
YAYYY!
: Good training session followed by a chipotle with and and .......kind of LeftUs NOT
Good new for Pens fans is that Crosby and Malkin did not play their best games by any stretch of the imagination.
Today makes me feel really good about working so many years at my store.
Yahoo!
layin off 2,000 ppl.
I hope the one's who come up w the homepage article titles go 1st.
But sad for those gonna b out of a job
lol.
I'll be on the lookout.
what web host are you using?
Thinking about getting something for my portfolio website.
Thnx for the follow.
Um, I'm a hot guy.lol.If you would like to bring that attitude on a radio show,will email credentials
I will give it a try again.
No bad here, my mouth just hates me and attacks me sometimes :
Check out Preds GameDay Updates to follow tonight's game on Facebook!
AMAZING story can't wait for the next chapter!!:
I saw your post cuz and responded : thanks!
Five tweets to that elusive 1k number  4 it!!
Deep throat time if the hour
What do the following co's have in common?
PG, GE, IBM, MTV, Fed Ex, Microsoft, CNN...they were born during recessions..
Great reception last night at the beautiful Hotel del Coronado.
Thanks to all for attending.
Vinny c: what do you like in a girl?
After listening to 98.5  WEEI, people want Adoctoran out of here.
They want a light hearted guy with power.
I think we had a guy like that...
So pumped RT:: man, this is gonna be awesome headingoverafter and beatsonrepeat
really!?
Who are they with?
You guys ate 70 sandwiches today.
Hungry crew!
see this is why I just stick to band guys and skip all the bull shit xD
War!
what is it good for?
Absolutely nothing huh.....
singing happily away on my way to work
ThingsThatILike people who find something nice to say about someone rather than finding something mean to say
Wishing I was taller :
Thanks for the RT!
Will you be at sxsw?
Laid something down real quick on tumblr foxy.
Don't really know what I'm doing with this audio software, but it's somethin'.
S/O to my nf gud afternoon
Follow Us at the original Account !!!3
if Indonesia wants to ban let them ..
they dont deserve a great artist like that anyway !
2012 ESBC Girls Rosters will be posted Tuesday Morning......
Look at shit through each other's eyes but don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh they can all get fucked.
Eminem
35 ALL YOU CAN EAT AND doctorNK!!
Watch the Super Bowl at The Tavern Downtown and Cowboy Lounge and enjoy all you can eat of wings, pizza,...
Next school year better be  this school year
o my god my cat's ear just shocked me O.O
UCLA in week 10.
NCHS has free coffee and donuts all week 10am2pm.
6339 Bunche.
Come by!
ANOTHER DAY ON THE GRIND FROM SUN UP 2 SUN DOWN MY BROTHA DA EARLY BIRD GETS DA WORM BITCH IM FEEDIN U BREAKFAST
...I will change the world.
Even if it means one person at a time.
Chicago play exposing truths about bullying  teen suicides.
We don't use words like rad or stoked nearly enough.

it usually depends if I am the one who developed it.
LPU Breakthrough VII Puerto Rico: powering through limiting beliefs one at a time!
Then we give back to the community!
Way to go Houston dynamo!!!
First win for the first game in the new stadium!
Anytime tell me oh hush up!
That mean she know I'm right lol
just laughed out loud.
Hi Ed!
How are you??
Glad you kept it!
I've had to rewrite a post w/ Wordpress before.
Automatic logout victim.
Back button can be helpful, too.
Everything lost isn't meant to be found
South Carolina is where the primaries go racial.
JoyAnn Reid
leadership is about igniting passion in others  are you trying to align people with your values instead of getting on board with theirs?
that is the saddest blackout story I have ever heard.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau

i don't think he looks like him, lol.
no..
not really.
yourecrazy.
Thanks for the prompt response.
Not exactly the answer we wanted, but good to know.
BlackBerry is guaranteeing 10K revenue 2 any app that reaches 1K.
If you r below 10K end of year 1, they pay u the difference.
I should give up on people outside twitter.
Take me on a trip, Id like to go some day Take to NY, Id love to see LA
I'm always amused when ppl describe people living their lives as pushing a gay agenda.
I guess I push a married woman agenda
Jalen did not need to say much...Skip could not take what he dishes out
We're manifesting a kick butt DAY!
Dissolve our broken systems with the collective cry of our lives!
is the bestfriend ever to .....
What he did last night was just showing he had Austin's back.
haha!
thanks!
most of the time they don't even phase me because I'm so used to it.
I love apple
who were you workin with?

bra you want that song you made on a MIXTAPE ?
Just signed the consent form for my index finger surgery next week.
Downtime: 46 weeks.
Thankfully my middle finger is unaffected.
Good morning dsum12, lookin dapper.
Ready for the epic finale to this event ?
re: international blogs  1/4 of the blogs I read are international, most of them from Brazil though.
So glad you liked them.
Next time I'll try and make extras for you to take home.
:
lol not you!
Haha love you cambrea text me!
listening to that still.
can't wait for the cd!
by the way, can we still donate?
I'm soo ready!
I'll definitely be there!
I submitted my Q's n I'm pumped!
I'll be wearing my CA hat.Omg it's gonna be like Xmas
Past Champs of the ...
Notably missing is twotime just missed  OUCH.
is just mean.
so is this King Sexicano twitter account is real?
Now following The
Congrats on the topsecret TAM webseries, can't wait to see the trailer tomorrow...
Will do...nice to talk to you as well.
Hope to catch up again sometime!
might get something published LMAO
Your Best Guess: Percentage of ToddlersandTiaras kids who will go on to be famous actresses like their moms want them to be?
jerbear is a sad bear :
The measure of success isnt if you have a tough problem, but whether its the same one you had last year.
John Foster Dulles
Yes!
37,000 words.
Now I am going to play Assassin's Creed.
JaniceLachance: Lovely stay at Nottoway plantation last night.
Great way to decompress from
gross there are directioners at school.
oh god, the only songs they know are One Thing  WMYB.
just leave
RT : President Obama: National sovereignty is never a license to slaughter your people
sigh Siri's the best.
yea ppl my age and younger don't know nor seem to understand how important it is
Dale Hunter out as Capitals coach.Capitals are going to let Alex Semin walk and plan to cut ties with Dennis Wideman.
Changes
RT  The Miami dolphins should get some inspiration from this dolphin tale movie
Insane that there were flurries at Snoqualmie today too!
it's a temperature roller coaster
NO I MISSED IT IM GOING TO DIE!!!!
One Direction on SNL ...
oh wait I have DVR nevermind then :
Beat will be up within 10 minutes!!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
9
doctorke  Nikki Minaj, that's right.
I do what I can.
but we have MM here: is that not refreshing enough for you?
Biggest fan in Arizona will be watching!
Lets Go Devils : Who else is on west coast watching G5?
My heart goes out to you.
Teachin' ain't easy.
Either of the ones that are still open you'd recommend more than the other?
I can't even find a working phone number for Banadir.
Heading up to the mountains ..ski day for Corey ...
so exited.
and this is the first time I can tweet in class without looking totally unprofessorssional.
Thanks ds106radio for keeping us real.
RT Perkins is gonna look hella scary with a Hannibal Lecter nose mask.
they were 8.5 but they sold yesterday!
: We have a ton of shoes though, come check em out!
You'll find something you like.
Yeah you probably have an important meeting tomorrow...but just blow it off and go out tonight...
careful, fangirlingwhiledoctorving sounds dangerous!
great idea for an optin to be notified in advance of maintenance events.
We're on it!
Question mark
Dominion Virginia crews say they are investigating cause of outage which began at approx 5am this morning.
2500 without power now.
getting subway : want some
How is your evening at Kittichai?
Are the cocktails flowing?
ff these amazing people
follow me and ill give youu a shout put help me get to 400
Anyone looking to unload some tickets tonight?
Looking for anything on the lower level
i have a headache..:
Waiting for that call from then I'll know it's real.......Friday that is
Welcome to my world !
Btw.
I Followed Back!
Happy National Cleavage Day!!
Today's school assembly sucked...
was so ready tuhh k....
bout h..gott on dahh bus dame
i feel so singled out on this UK and US Directioners thing doctorma, im glad that other Directions dont have this problem
THE AVENGERS made 640 Million this weekend.
I picture James Cameron telling Joss Whedon You got the juice now.
3 important days in life: the day I was born, the day you were born, the day when I and You become We
nw time travelers wife with 
yeah ill lets you have te red one :
Just taught TEI workshop at yrlrc.
It was lots of fun!
having a love affair with gray literature
i wont give up on us, even if the skies get rough
waited over a season for Avery to come back and now she's gone after two episodes.
I'm really sad.
yes!
why'd we go to Ripken stadium again???
that's the first example of a good girl gone bad
Just back from DC to find oil all over the garage  my car bone doctor.
Just 1.5 weeks after my valvoline instant oil change!
Frustrated!
Easy, healthy breakfast for dogs scramble an organic egg w/ cottage cheese.Serve room temp.Total nutrition  delicious www.wholepetdiet.com
JPMORGAN where did the 2billion go we know its not in Madoff's pockets losses is code for embezzlement
Great!
Can't wait to see them!
Well, at least I know now that my day can't possibly get any worse than 's
follow back?
: please
Aww, I was a TG for and I know the feeling.
i'm really really proud of you for putting that video together.
thank you  3
We Are!
The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project ATTEND!
Its not even fucking May in Colorado  I already need the A/C on  there are fucking flies and bees out
Boa i do not want kids.
They annoyin n always.
Invading my space boaa.
David Murphy making it a one run game!!
Is she retiring for one days to stand in line to buy some Air Jordons?
From you're friends in ,IL USA
conspicuous consumerism, looking younger than what u are, storing up dollars and other valuables ; in other words, pure show, superficiality
I never like the new Victoria Secret models.
I really don't wanna hear about how much you love baseball and how you were so good.
You quite.
Obviously you didn't and weren't very good.
Question: What will you do this week to bring you one step closer to realizing your doctorams, creating your legacy, and finding freedom?
If u ain't a real nigga  then I expect yo ass to hate!
It's crazy how life can be...
At the end of the day no matter what you did or who you where we all end up the same...
Am I supposed to be taking stuff seriously right now?
If so, thats not gonna happen :D
With my mom working at home and having her office next to my bedoctorom I'm gonna wake up most mornings hearing about bodily fluids..
what of it?
POOF Again.
have a great day everyone 3
sorry for the jersey honey
Lmao!!!!!!!!!!
RT Kobe's teammates shouldn't worry about getting the flu..
he probably won't pass that to them either.
Do LS's have a better schedule than US/MS?
Totally not listening to Jonas Brothers right now.
I don't even retweet!
I'm a sorry excuse for a twitter user!
The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation!!
In Shaun of the dead, some survive.
i do follow you.
Hmm, I'm unsure if this the right link?
I'd be interested in reading the article if you can find it!
Standing ovation for misterand mister seau
Truly.
We must celebrate AND commiserate when we're both back in town.
There's a time/season for everything.
I Learned To Play 'One Thing' On The Guitar!
!
:D
on my way to Chicago!
Retweet if you think JC transfers get it done at the next level!
makes sense in a must move time
have mercy.
We can't hang out I'm gaining weight.
Checking in: Are you on track with your 2012 goals?
The postmovie Warning appears in 34 different languages.
Man's got to know his limitations.
I need something with Buffalo sauce on it now.
I don't care what it is.
SOMETHING.
Thanks for the RT!
RT : I love seeing all the cool art at my school.
It's so cool that people my age made this  Las Vegas Academy...
nice to see you here!
Look forward to more of your amazing photos!
I am the first person to say jump into the pool to get used to the water.
However I always go in one toe at a time.
5AM the pool calls.
Hi A!
how are you?
miss you tons, where you at next ?
Officially resigned from UCSD MCL yesterday  last day will be 8/20, unless I can find a way to continue doing virtual reference from Oregon
first tweet and watching harry potter will you buy my tuition to hogwarts?
send me the track!
Can you tell me what I did wrong for you to be acting like this?
RT Get Your Very Own Money Making Review Site and Start Earning Cash TODAY!
FREE Set Up!
tinyurl.com/6zt74br
you bet we will!
We're opening with C'mon DJ!
Sure hope so!
RT : tex is back book it
The signature latte  mocha mexicana are 2 of the best coffee doctornks in this city.
You should make a point to stop in soon!
Kolb deal done time to lock up to a long term deal
doing my hw  watching a walk to remember.
You look like you want to raise awareness for lupus today.
Am I right?
Oh yes!
I am ready!
u first pls?
no problem, there's quite a few bonavita on Twitter including cribs, vegan food, grocery store, and a high school.
thank you for that pic.
We were in the front and sobbing thx for sharing
You Left The Best You Had ,
Happy December !
Hard not to raise the question of race when FL woman gets 20yr in jail for protecting herself from abusive husband.
do it sir.
And congrats on the degree big guy!!
Persistance truly pays off.
We proud of you bro
Jameson, tears and a sin wash.
Wired Waffles wiring the campus!
For when real life needs a real wake up!
2012 Resolution 6: When the heat is on, slow down in order to speed up.
I have yet to get my voxbox :
its a Kawasaki, for dirt riding
Welcome to the twitter world, Pauly V!
I believe in fairy tales and serendipitous encounters...
I changed my number so I can have a fresh start
Any instructor interested in screencaptainring their lectures using Powerpoint  a Wacom tablet, pls contact us
Thanks for leadership on LRA.
Please follow through and stop Konys crimes this year
Arizona Business Leaders Need To Condemn Extremism After Latest Shooting
Any reprohealth questions for the new year about how to stay safe?
Seriously?!
Snowing again in Denver.
Enuf already, God.
Never noticed that.
It is my favorite white.
Josh 2 more hits!
Nope, sorry
chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow !
: 2
I love you 3
thank you very much!:
people always do
Wow, I didn't mean for my costume to be that slutty
please follow me!
It'd mean the world3
baby sis I miss and u can follow my love of life
why Frank keep putting you on front street.
i think u  Wanda need to rost his ass...lol
Dan  what's the best email to reach you at?
I have 1 tweet...
this isnt good
Yes!
didn't expect the feeling of emptiness w/ her so far away.
Glad she's there, can't wait for her to be home.
thumbs up
At ARLD12 having breakfast and about to start!
uhh YES.
Miss you so much!!
That's fixed in Fringe.
: It's still in production though, and rumored to get canceled fairly often.
I'm truly blessed to have the friends I have.
The world ends in 2012.
False, my cheetos expire in 2013.
I went ghostin'.
working:www.myspace.com/sethnathan
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week  any Arlington establishments offering specials/discounts for Teachers?
The picture, unless it just would have made sense if I weren't already stuck on the idea that it was a collar!
i have to get ready for school.yay.
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with !
Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
time to amp up my swaqq XP
I am Motorcity Cartoonist Rawfunkateer/Electric Otto!
I am Detroitexploitation Cinema!
I am Detroitexploitation Funk!
Okay, will do!
haha it just keeps getting better!
I did!
:DD Could you please follow for me then??
He's a super great singer
lol exactly, not really mad, but gotta be upset with a hometeam loses
Hey bitch that cut me off.
Your kid may be an honors student, but you're a whore.
wait , foreal ?
And ooh .
.
the difference in time zone 
Who's a TRUE BELIEBER ?!?!
So many bands following me...
OO Listen to ALL the music!
D'oh!
I was hoping to chat with you today at neasist09.
One of these days...
Glad you enjoyed it!
finding stuff out about yourself from other people cause everyone talks behind your back.
The previews for Sparkle look like they show Whitney Houston at her best.
I am exciting!
3k, two pizzas, and some garlic bread
to cart but never check out
you have nothing on the line.
This is what I'll deliver if your bullpen continues to be Collective Koufax.
LOL ukropsfail MT : tell Martins employees not all 30 women are moms  don't need to be chased thru store  wished a happy day
And yeah, Dems aren't going to switch their vote over this.
FEELS GOOD TO BE UP PRAYING WHILE MOST OF THE COUNTRY IS ASLEEP!
THAT'S THE WAY TO A PRODUCTIVE AND VICTORIOUS DAY!
GOD BLESS
Still Waiting .
noo i think the world want to know how we do it
It's because...I'm doctorcula Bitch!
bueno, let me see if I get this bullshyt by tomorrow
I guess weather guurl  was right about ehht being windy today lmao :b
do I get to pick the winner on doctorss Like Dan Boniface Day?
Thanks Pavel, look forward to meeting you soon!
UNM 's Washburn: 1 in 3 Native American women will be raped in their lifetime.
Staggering number.
so happy that was finally named to the NBA AllStar Team.
It's about time.
RipCity,
i think the code was select start ab LOL damn thats been 20 years ago.
makes me want to go get.
when is that again?
I have a wedding the 7th
Oh.
maybe I have been involved, I shared the link to support SOPA on google's page
Thanks for the FF mention!
Have a great weekend :
RT : Great catching up with today.
She amazes me!
See you in Dallas
Excited 4 , but I'm sad that it's the season finale.
Can't believe it's over, but we're having a party 2 commemorate!
:
Just bc you're a dirty player that plays for the Celtics, doesn't mean you get the last laugh!
Oh wait, yes you do.
I rigged it for Boston.
it's all the same.
family/friend/son/daughter/...
many seek wisdom with no love for it, just the power it grants
Happy easter to the whole world
champagne cocktails, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Some Like it Hot a fun night in with my girl Julia!
Thanks for the props!
Be sure to tell your friends!
since he was to chicken to be in the room with me when i had my csection
Good luck tonite fella !
Please please please BEAT THE cHEAT !!!
That's a wrap!
Thanks !
How can we promote the incentives for data management?
A girl is complicated
it was actually..
thanks to my Creaclip purchase :D
I'll reserve judgement until the MSG renovations are complete.
They're building a glass walkway over the court...
Going to be on VoiceBox KALW 91.7 w/ playing some of my favorite female vocalists of the Bay Area Friday night
420 is okay, but I'm more like 247.
Wake and Bake fools!
At the APG Round Table
Dude it's the display.
It's all about the display.
Got an invite from a fellow writer to join his posse on the lead boat for the lighted boat parade tomorrow night.
Can't wait!
to a speedy recovery my dude.
Nope Cutch was out.
Wow, crazy these umps make these calls in realtime when it looks so close in slowmotion
When does Roger Federer play in Italy?
Do you know the time in States?
Mayor Taking New Step on Smoking Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to propose legislation that would require residential buildings to adopt w
because we didnt hang out before I left and you haven't texted me!
I don't get it what is with all the extra stuff in peoples tweets?
things are going great!
Thanks for asking!
How are things with you?
nccetl process for policy doesn't keep up with how fast world is changing
well, i'm certainly getting my fill of thunderstorms during my visit to oklahoma.
however, the golf ball sized hail?
do not want.
BTW, have you given more thought on your 30th adventure?
A professorssional locksmith will be able to pick the lock on your door without causing any damage to the lock itself,
lots of talent in those tiny little hands!
Hey there Lulu!
Great photos btw
What's better Blow, Casino, Goodfellas, or Scarface
dang i still cant believe this gossip they put out about u keep doin u my nigga
Yes!
RT : Just got some awesome stuff from Nate Robinson and Isaiah Thomas for our Portage Bay Cafe Fundoctoriser!
Yay!
Secretary of State.
I am a bit disappointed that he came out for Romney at the gitgo.
smh, I give up on this one, too tired
Webster University Albuquerque is closed today due to weather conditions.
Safety first.
I reiterate my need for a masseuse or someone with a bottomless well of painkillers.
Until then I have 1 spot in bed I ain't moving from.
I got chu
come to our cafe for Italian paninis and coffee.
We are near 101 Stewart We're here til 4p
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Anonymous
I just want to go home and sleep.
IfOnlyICould call you mine.
Thanks Al, do you know if or if not, Obamacare was funded?
Thanks for the follow guys!
You do rock!
Spent 30 min trouble shooting a template inheritance problem only to realize I created the page with the wrong template
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened.
Michel de Montaigne
we have the best guests ever!
:
A life making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing at all.
it's ok.
And good idea
I'm not big on doctornks or cigars.
A large dinner is more my speed!
Newspaper articles about me confirmI'm a foodie.
Why Females think just because they broke up wit they dude over something then turn Lesbian gone change how her relationships once was?
When in Rome...
More keywords....

Buddhist service / the butterfly too / voiceless haiku Chiyoni
as much as you'd like.
I'd love to get your input!
Deadly debris, like ghostly death shrouds killing unseen in the dark depths.
OMG like you see it?
Be safe!!!
:O MATT, HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT!!
I KNOW I'M COOLER THAN THAT MATT!!!
are you taking Travis County Commissioner questions?
thanks
loving the weather!!!
going to be a good day!
Pain is temporary but a P.R.
on race day is forever...
Until you break it again!
La Jolla Half Mar.
Victory!
I totally agree.
I'm bummed that our session competes w/ 's  really wanted to attend it.
I think the coolest feature is the when you doctorg the windows to the side.
It's so nifty
These ain't jokes!
Just watch, when we win, I'ma tweet you everyday rubbing it in 
Hey...Baby that's life!!!!
and have fun on !!
Don't die but please
sorry I couldn't make the Data Science meetup  was busy with FIRST Robotics judging duties.
Are slides available?
Happy birthday Twitter u started at SXSW in 2007 and have grown up so fast!
I should probably get some sleep.
Have to be at the airport at 5:30am!
newyork here we come!
I can't wait til Saturday tho ':
whatif we spent as much energy defending our enemies from unfair attacks as we do our allies?
Do you know anyone who actually does Whoonga?
Is there a street trade in retrovirals, or is it just smoking whatever you can find?
We are human beings beyond our professorssions.
We need to reach out versus just responding.
Cavender
Have a question about your landscape?
I can't possibly charge for Q  A!
Spread the word, free answers, always!
I need to know where to send the book so message me your addoctorss, bozo!
;
Max Lieberman, I started as Technology Coordinator in February.
Hope to tweet some of our own upcoming summer workshops too!
when you get to austin get tacos at torchys it will erase the the awful thoughts of I35.
So, no pants, but the whole nine yards from the neck up?
Cane or no?
That awkward moment when you're talking to yourself and start to smile like an idiot, because you're so hilarious.
sun burns on your a are no fun !
i can't walk or sit like a normal person right now ...
Texting and doctorving are two attention grabbing tasks, don't text n doctorve; the life you safe could be yours or that of another.
quitterconf friends: I am so excited where my life is heading.
Thankful for the 1st conference.
Never doctoramed, doctoram would begin so soon!
Great bounce back win by the CUSE tonight.
Still hard to believe we doctorpped all the way to numbr 4 though.
Nice W either way
Rant about stemcells.
Like it!
Someone DM'd  made my day by saying that my positive attitude is infectious  they found themselves smiling as they were reading my blog :
I think I'm officially burnt out on school!
Brainstorming bars for a NYC literary pub crawl...
any suggestions?
little bit tougher...
but he WAS going up against bosh and haslem...
but he had to get tougher
Today marks Satori World Medicals 3rd anniversary!
Thank you from all of us at Satori for your continued support!
Chocolate ice cream looks like poop
Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall  but don't rush to pick him up either.Proverb
Canon t2i...
I must have you
Roses are red, violets are blue, believe Gaga will follow, cause doctorams do come true.
um where r u???
I'm headed to meet gabe now!
I don't think you actually like coffee if your order can't be contained in a tweet.
I HATE the Yankees, but if you don't feel for Mariano Rivera, you have no soul.
Great to have your follows.
Appreciate it:
I have put everything in Tupperware to protect from the ants....time for bed..if anyone needs me I'll be curled up in a plastic storage tub!
been celebrating my Birthday and working.
: What's new with you?
thanks for letting your followers know about it..
pic came from www.pdxhistory.com definitely worth a look!
RT : Digital formatting can play havoc on poetry, where formatting is everything.
tocchicago
No problem.
Good to meet you!
Booty shorts Dx
Join us May 1st for an event benefiting LLS!
Lol ive had discussions about this topic on a bronx tale: ur only allowed three great women in ur lifetime i thinks its ur mother, wife, 
Watch the spokesman for the great wholesome majority of American teenagers in this clip about Dick Clark.
Was he the antithesis of...
UPS just delivered my beautiful Native American flute.
Time to compose that melody for my Potawatomi song!
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick was named the NFL Comeback Player of the Year by the Associated Press.
BOW WOW?
oh the flowers lol
I was he'd make up his mind please don't lead me along
We have a great group for the Movement Workshop this morning!
will be downtown 2nite for a lil' bit.
:
same colors.
Both great parks.
Both close to water.
GoTribe Hopefully D Lowe can pitch like he did last week
Witness Protection Program?
Is that why I'm in Carrollton?
Just looked in fridge and realized I could have made my own egg and cheese this AM.
But that's not the NYC way, kid.
Avila a little lazy there these little things add up to loses
Trot is a great baseball name.
Sounds a baseball name out of the 20s.
As a member of the 1998 Padoctors after a W.S.
sweep by the Yankees.
Ron Ron : I thought we did OK.
stay strong 3
I'm having trouble viewing images on your site.
Never had this issue before.
Dip, Murray isn't fat.
actually I'm at home...almost got me though...
Speaking of that.
Do your best Jagger :
Electrifying tidbit in legacy fa: Many poor women do not want their childoctorn but luckily they were able to purchase one of the babies for 2
Rwanda coffee is out in full force.
Anyone have a favorite thus far?
I'm glad he did a deeper cut too, not Crash or a radio hit.
He is a DM clone, but ridic talented!
MSFT zuned themselves by being years late to the party.
WP will do it again.
Ok products, way late.
I really gotta start packing cuz Friday gonna b here fast
I might not be perfect, but I'm focusing on living my values every day.
is there a signing here or something what the hell are you guys doing here
There is only one success, to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
The Five is discussing Jonah Goldberg calling people idiots, so I can only assume I am dead and am now in hell.
Oh no!
Were you able to get in touch with someone to help you at the store?
yeah and well whenever I got bored, i'd go 10 secs!
I love fighting.
what can I say :p
I prefer Carson Daly's New Years Eve show to Ryan Seacrest's.
Got home super late from soccer...
on the computer right now
My goal in life is to eventually role over and die.
I aim to perfect that.
Anytime man.
Go get 'em tonight!
Will be listening in of course.
Rock on bud!
Soul meets soul on lovers' lips.
Percy Bysshe Shelley 
God is good!
Seager deserves Night Moves or Turn the Page for his Safeco ABs.
AND HE BETTER.
painfully sleepy, but it's movingcleaningpackingworking day
8283: You're really pretty: And you seem really nice!
Thanks for the follow Ann.
Look forward to reading more about your traveling experiences!
Ooh, this train conductor's got an attitude.
She might even be more bitchy than me.
listening to Italian music while packing.
I've gotta check this thing out.
where are you?
I'm dying a slow death in 138
Come to tonite  7pm for Karaoke and Spoken Word..
Amateurs encouraged!
1287D Glenwood Ave.
ATLANTA!
: Glad I could brighten your day.
oh really
what boyz follow you doe
back to class in the morning...
: Anything interesting?
it's raining...does that count?
Isn't it good that married people's marital goals are not about convincing anyone other than their spouse.
when I heard thy weren't starting Tebow the gate I was like that's stupid dude gots skills.
shit chillin making money same as always
CONGRATULATIONS to on winning the Lisagor :!
Everyone is getting sick with this weather!
Feel better CLE  bring back the sunshine!!
Thanks!
Stay tuned, it's coming on Friday!
RT A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
Mark Twain
they're all close, but I was very surprised how good franceour was.
I believe he lead the league in assist
Time Warner Cable is looking to add local stations to its iPad app that would enable customers to watch broadcast shows on their tablet dev
Feeling inspired.
I need my keyboard in front of me.
if landlords allow padlocks.
Fire hazard/safety liability because someone can lock you in
I'm plotting, PLOTTING, I tell you!!
Fingers crossed that I can see it 12/01...
Today in 1999, 'Looking Forward', by Crosby, Stills, Nash  Young, is released.
A major CSNY tour follows in 2000.
We don't need a CIA.
We need honorable conduct and accountability.
Secrecy is doctorgging our economy and diplomacy down.
I'm putting out a new mixtape tomorrow, called The Sepulveda Chronicles, I'd appreciate everyone's support!!!
Good times and a great show last night!!
Thanks for comin out metalheads!!!
whats a good online store for bathing suits
I saw her there yesterday!
really working for her money!
my entire timeline is people talking about A Year in the Making.
hahaha.
Happy Hour 37..
Get 1 Domestic Mugs..
3 Well doctornks..
And 1 off all doctorfts..
Right?
I don't find the idea of digital scrapbooking at all alluring.
Z goodnight y'all!!!
When my mom calls the house phone  asks if I'm home.
No mom, I'm at a strip club.
.
DJ Harsh has signed on to be our featured DJ at our upcoming EPA Chicago Event event featuring Shadoan Productions!
I wish I was off right now bc this pollen is killing me
Well a week in Cabo San Lucas was just what I needed!
Now back to reality ;
Wondering where the next Cube session will be EMC World, CloudExpo or Info360 perhaps?
I had a good time with my beautiful niece at the father daughter dance.
FF n TheSecretCircle as we hope they bring it back for season 2!
yeah and then when some make need picks, they pick guys that aren't even close to being best available at their position
Libguides and surveys and exhibits, oh my!
individualityall
Look for all the amazing vendors working show on March 27th!!!
Check out the tunnel of love!
in Tosa a bit disastrous today.
Out of food, store a mess, waited too long for food that wasn't wellmade.
What happened?
Would love to see a Giants/49ers NFC Championship game.
is almost an hour late picking me up for the airport.
And so begins sundance 2012.
do you know of any doctorgons that have written autobiographies?
Specifically komodo doctorgons?
Thank you!
And hey: I haven't had anything coherent to say publicly in months.
So, you know.
Tradeoffs.
:
How Madison can play the piano.
what's a gaff?..
: nightnight twitter!
Right behind ya, though should've been in front!
HOLY SWEET MOTHER OF GOODNESS!
LESS THAN 2 HOURS TILL MY WORLD 2.0!
:D
RT : Phil in the last group Thursday.
Paired with Hunter Mahan and Peter Hanson.
Solid group.
According to the Journal of Immunology, caring for a loved one with Alzheimers can cut a caregivers life short by as much as 8 years
Looking to a big day today Valentines days luck !!!
Amazing!
Glad you enjoyed, sorry about Thursday :
Thank you!!
How was your show?
Sorry I couldn't make it!
E
FUCK EVERYBODY is how i feel right now.
3 more weeks and I'm out of here 
Get your jam on tonight as comes stops by to do what they do.make you feel good all over!
Pet peeve: people who say Santa Clause when not referring to the 1994 Tim Allen movie.
Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking.
Chris Pullman
Plane/Train tickets at the last minute.
How I roll.
Talks discussing font and miseenpage as evidence should include images, no?
Happy birthday We hope your day was filled lots of love and lots of baked goods.
Hope you have a great rest of the day!
only time I heard the word chubby in a scouting report was when felton was coming to PDX
At the meeting Clavin Harris tonight!
It's gonna be sick!
There are three kinds of people in the world: the wills, the won'ts and the can'ts.
back at ya bud...now you have come out here
LAX to JFK.
Thanks for a pleasant flight , but I can't wait to be back in NYC.
Warm nights  night biking  bug teeth
how r u?
Best Animated Short Film goes to Fantastic Flying Books :
THANKS!
It's so annoying when people tell me this, because THEY'RE the dumb ones!
this is how I feel w/freshman in AP Euro!
Forgot to ask you about the puppy!
Hope she is well.
One week until seattle ....can't wait for a well needed vacation with my love
It's a total eclipse Celebrity sighting!
Just passed Dan of
Now stop doctorp and roll Justin Bieber is on fire; Shawty Mane
I'm in love with a kid who Loves Candles,Eats Goldfish,Loves Dancing,  likes to ride Tricycles in Walmart
that looks rather...dystopian.
LOL!
You know I will save this pic and tweet it out everyday!
Why does Former Ut Gov Huntsman speaks much trash about GOP off camera but gets ' mealy mouth ' on Mornin Joe before TV cams?
She act interested in the game for me.
I'm ready for some FSU football.
I'd love to be in films that are just so far removed from every day life.
James Cameron, call me!
WOW!
The photos are incredible!
We were so happy to have y'allglad to see it was a good time!
Loving cartoon Fridays and fridayreads great week with friends, family and a super duper kid xoxo
honestly when i saw it flash on my espn bottom line i thought it was a typeo but thats the genious of andy reid lmao
THANKS GUYS FOR 800 FOLLWERS.
LOVE YOU ALL.
3
Now there's a crow near the dead bird and it's spouse.
I don't like the looks of this.
Thanks for the follow!
Now how do we let people know about Loop through your fantastic search tool?
I just felt like another hashtag was needed.
lol
Cook pasta 1 minute less than the package instructions and cook it the rest of the way in the pan with sauce.Mario Batali Iron Chef America
We'll announce the winner of a free day in an Audi tmister.
Any more PDX Zipsters out there w/a haiku for their fave Zipcar Audi?
Thx for the RT and the kind words : The staff and I will be back at it tmister in the a.m.
so stay tuned
If I get one thing accomplished today, I will consider today a success.
Also miraculous.
good looking fam.
Keep feedback directed to what needs to be done to make it better next time
let me here it first!
Hahahaha!
I love that part!
Chewbacca masks!
:D
Wine is buy one get one for 10 cents at safeway.
I love being an adult
Has anyone ever called you misterWitzigreuter?
I wanna know!
Trav likes slapping my ass in public.
Thanks for that follow bro.
I know we're friends!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay no thank you, i would not like a free hedgehog.
OH MY GOD.
I just read your Larry one shot thing and I was CRYING.
magical
Re: Obesity See Bonnie looses 90 lbs, finds life and runs a marathon.
I chose to break the cycle.
The coolest invention for your doctornk since ice!
Will s one more thing announcement be an itv?
Doubt it, but it'd be cool if it was.
I don't think I do.
Eating pizza at Beverly Center next to Scott what's his name music producer in recent financial trouble.
Seems nice enough.
The Even Stevens Movie...i knew it'd be trending :,
Effectiveness is the balance between planning and execution.
With too much of either one, you won't accomplish much.
With handling image download after shooting Richard Chai
What did you ask?
because I said tour and then ricky was making fun of me saying it.
hey any reason to visit DET
I've been away too long!
Getting ready for NZ vacay, fall arrivals, office move.
Glad you could make it!
RT : Thank you for organizing such a great event last night!
Might have been his ancestors, can't recall.
Working some wetlands rehab today and Swop Shop with the kids.
Today will give my germaphobia a run for its money!
I love South Africa!
announcements coming in next few weeks!
it's just for college orientation
the awkward moment when i wish you didnt have my tweets sent to your phone.
im embarressed.
You may be an appropriate candidate for hair restoration surgery as well
Does anyone want to help me carry 120 liters of paint?
I'd love to see Carmelo post up a lot deeper...like on the block or right above.
He catches the ball way too far out.
My blog is part entertainment part insight.
I like to think i know the game of football and hockey.
We try to give the people what they want
The law seemed to have been written by chavistas to cover their backs, and so far, has / double 'justified killings' in FL.
The worst thing is when you realize how little someone actually needs you in their life
Loving her
RT : sometimes there are things you just shouldn't google.
//And certain sporting goods stores my Catholic mom shouldn't google
Thanks for the RT, !
We'll have the new stamps in your store by the end of the week!
I 3 film festivals.
Having a great time at Indie Spirit Film Festival as a filmmaker!!!
Okay!!
Tweet me a 3 If I'm cute.
Tweet me a .
If I annoy you Tweet me a : If we're friends Tweet me a :3 if you LOVE me to death.
GO!
twiiter is a bit strange I do not really get it either
I so wanted Dallas to win!
:
would love you to have you come by and check out our selection!
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply
Thanks for following all
Hey twitter world.
How's life treatin' y'all?
House holding moment of silence for Don Payne
you started school already ?
RT : Transgender folks may identify as heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, pansexual, polysexual, or asexual www.tgguide.com
Hopefully at the end of pneumonia and an ear infection that's rendered me nearly deaf in my right ear.
Not hearing everything ain't all bad!
somehow i don't believe that.
on a different note, catch up phone call soon please?
Skye's favorite Christmas song is the barking dogs jingle bells, she crawls and barks it's awesome
it's amazing how much confidence can be generated from the purchase of a decent fitting bra not bought from the sales items at Target.
you smell so good I'm going to lick your skin off.
Really??
Rain all weekend??
I hope Salt Lake side is sunny so I can go swimming!!
I had no idea Jasmine V's mom was like that tbh :/
snow...
where did you come from???
56 pitches in the 2nd inning?
Houston rocks...
How y'all living down there?
Just hung w Mei for NYE
Does any other mom of two boys confuse their clothes, how does 6 months 2 years when folding?
Damn is sexy 
Ha ha, I like sneaking things like that into my byline.
Glad you found it and enjoyed it.
You're not going to use that old 'For Rent' sign like your grandparents did back in the day.
Are you?
Is there a Masters Limited Edition version of Biom coming out?
Looking forward to Crosby explaining to Pens fans why the best team in hockey goes home this week.
How could I ever cheat on you?
And a surprise will be coming your way 
Got Nerlens!
Go Cats baby!!
You would vow to quit playing golf while in office?
I saw these!!
Lol what's up with Louis and zayn's hair
I wish god would remove all the front teeth of my enemies so by their smile i shall know them
Tomorrow night, join us at Outdoor Divas on Pearl for some great cooking lessons with 10 of your purchases going towards an OB scholarship.
All clear so far one of MPD's finest walking with us.
actually its two squirrels.
Or website www.wherethehottiesat.com
I made that one up off the cuff.
Pretty good huh?
haha!
I always have done
I feel like an old man.
I still the the CJ delivered everyday.
I'm old school like that.
21 c family?
DC Metro  CP: Both parents on Blackberries and 2 yr old in stroller playing on his iPhone 4
Beerie O's good 2 eat..
it is indeed.
everyone follow
I'm a sucks for a female that wear clogs and tattoos on her thighs
Men fart an average of 17 times a day, and women fart an average of 9 times a day
I love the way Ari handles hate.
She just laughs and comes up with jokes.
She makes the haters look pathetic.
it sure is, let's take advantage of this moment to blog, respond, anywhere and everywhere we can!
We can come right back at em!
no problem!
And once you have a resume you can get an agent, they find auditions for you so your chances of getting
we will!
hey what is your number?
:
Loving your backyard!!!
: hugs girly!!
What a gorgeous day it is going to be!
Crazy that it's technically still winter  temps are in the upper 70s.
Loving this no tights weather
In the Costa Mesa Comedy Competition tonight, come on out OC peeps.
Westside Bar and Grill 8:30pm.
God did away with all my fear.
It was time for someone to stand up or in my case, sit down.
So I refused to moveBAMM.
Omg lam lam dancing is so cute
who knows When will give him that extension he deserves before he pulls a lance briggs
Alexis is serenading me.
His voice is actually pretty good!
Live tweeting from my temp job desk!
The barely audible fleetwood mac on a the radio is keeping me going through these doldoctorms for now.
We're close friends  associates.
You can bet we'll all be crossing paths soon.
Creating the superteam!
Only broke ass people takes pics of money  post it on facebook...I know, cuz I just posted one lol
When I talked to a school official at UH and mentioned economic hardships and such, was told they could not help.
No money no more school
Sorry i havent posted in so long ive been on vacation out of the country.
Hit me up and lets talk business.
818 661 8712
My pleasure!
:
Love all the spottheshuttle photos.
Great addition to memories of seeing Discovery close up last summer.
Who else is going to the Montgomery Street Fair today?
Its online only.
:
saggin pants...
No swag
Hey swsea11 teams: Are you still up?
Are you still working?
If so, where?
I've always considered it a hammock.
i saved the text she sent me cause it mean a lot to me 
but it's still cute lol
My bed is so comfy
Listen more, talk less
Thierry Henry is just gross lol
Going to church
Go to my reverb and listen to Just Wanna Be and Problem
loved your look tonight on E!News amaze balls!
First and last exam tomorrow
Yeah tomorrow night my man!
Been in Milledgeville for under twenty four hours and I already feel like I have scurvy
I am an award winning author of historical fiction.
I present at writer's conferences.
Who would I contact?
Thanks Ellen Brazer
what are you talking about
Wow!
Cinco de Mayo is on a Saturday...Trillist just sent me a Cinco Bunch alert...oh, it's going to be ugly  wonderful at the same time!
Love the throat coat!
I'm not a tea doctornker  it's on the short list of ones I'll doctornk when not sick.
Thank you so much!
RT : FF great organization for all Nevada Museums:
Just watched 'The Lincoln Lawyer', a must see.
I hate my life : I want to be anyone else .
caprese salad with locally grown basil  tomatoes oh so good.
OH: that's a nice yarder by my girlfriend while watching
and you my friend!
The next level in music is music!!!
Learn to play somethin!!
Still contemplating the library job situation in Pittsburgh and wondering if I should prepare to set up a second household somewhere else.
I'm working out of 30 Rock tonight.
I think I just scared the entire 4th floor with my laugh at that.
SPORTS!
early bird gets the worm....
since i waited thinking the stadium would accommodate a ton of fans, i missed out on the LoyHopkins game
Real love NEVER DIES!!
Open Saturdays!
Need a Make Over!!
Great Cuts UpDos 75 Weave oakland uptown salon barber 1738Telegraph 5108321100 Walkins R Welcomed!
Just watched ChristmasVacation Even more entertaining with age!
This lady is changing her toddlers diaper in the bus.
Wtf super fucken gross.
King james U16 in championship of platinum bracket
that's the truth
1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home  Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 6786535425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!
Third week third Friday...
No Ustream again today.
.
.
Today would be a good day to take up smoking.
Your hand explosion in the teaser is key to the entire RHYTHM of the thing.
Great working!
Please check out my shop!
xo
whattoeat a peanut butter sandwich or tuna hmm decisions decisions
Its never too early!
RT : Is it too early for a brat?
I need to pace myself, and there is plenty to do.
: Girls that touch and hang off their boyfriends constantly annoy me  yes wtf?!?
Insecure much?
Going over the pictures I took today of Bart...
They are pretth good.
:D
I'm still tripping off of oomf, that was hilarious!
Good day peeps!
DTHR Jumping on late!
i saw the video of you talking about your gym!
cool stuff i can tell u leaned up
It's almost like state fair food.
lol And I didn't intend to like itI was just being adventurous.
omg my medical excuse note isnt gonna work WHY DOES THIS SCHOOL WANT ME TO STAY SO BAD UGH FML
NEW FRESH FROSTY NUGPORN DANK IN, GOING FAST: Bella Romulan, X OG!
Full menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com.
Have a Happy Friday!!!
;
My sisters are so annoying 
Cigaretts and jack dill, last night was mad rill
Going to the store?
Need chips?
Get breetos.
Taming my inbox.
Emails be organized!
waves magic wand
TO ALL: I AM ABSOLUTELY NOT UNFOLLOWING YOUACCOUNTS DISAPPEARING FROM MY TWITTER ACCT.!!!
I'm actually waiting for you to decide on the vacuum.
Ours just broke and I also am obsessively researching.
Yay!
There will be pics when it's all done, right?
thank you so much!
I'm Going to need it haha  I hope you get to experience it as well!
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mom's!
Jah bless!
SAP HANA Versus Oracle: Scenes From the Database Wars  Midsize Insider
come on turkey is always number one.
Then Mashed potatoes.
Stuffing.
Biscuits.
Chocolate pie.
this is tylers sister right now!
never knew my brother had a twitter, so i'm just gonna mess it all up :
Anyone on Twitter grew up listening to King Tee, DJ Quik, Digital Underground, Tela, Goodie Mob, and The Poison Clan?!
misterKenny has had too much Christmas cake
Honestly I just don't care...
Nearly 80 of all child welfare cases are due to neglect.
Join us in praying on Blue Sunday, April 29th.
oh, how original
Good Information, Thanks!
Working from home really is fantastic.
Oh, how I missed it last month.
ThingsThatShouldBeBanned Preteen girls in shorts that say Juicy or pink.
You're GAY ;p
I hate how i wanna go to my best friends grandmothers funeral on friday morning but my parents dont want me too
When the music changes, so does the dance
Had two fab gym workouts today.
Ardys see you at the salon tomorrow to get my beauty fix on!
Goin out this wknd!
Hook me up girlfriend!
:
Native don't want it
Thanks to all of you that came out to visit with us at the Albuquerque Home Expo at the fair grounds.
Great show!!!!!
TheBlindManNM.com
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
Chelsea Handler in a movie  automatic not ever seeing it.
Ever.
tomorrow or Thursday?
Haha
Did you know Honduras was the murder capitol of the world?
going off le computer for like an hour.
if you happen to fall asleep i wish you a goodnight and hope that tomorrow is a good day c:
lol  StayAtHomeSpouse I knew u would be working from home before 30.
We're looking to do a show in NYC this summer.
Anybody know of any good bands to try and book a show with out there?
ok cool
What the hell is minaj wearing
Sorry to see that I misspelled the name of Restaurante d'Berto in O Grove, Galicia.
Enough Twitter, back to vacation now.
On to Baiona.
: Im passionate about my paper ...
U in HTOWN DAWG
Apparently I was more outdoorsy than I thought this year.
Thanks to I've got a good reidiv to spend.
Running gear it is!
Went to a bar with friends to watch BBall and eat fish tacos.
It's karaoke night.
Requirements: Being tone deaf and shameless.
Follow back?:
I remember years ago Hopslam would be available for a few months in Pittsburgh.
Now I am on 4 waiting lists for a case
not tired at all.
Fantabulous mood 3
moving does suck especially when u live on the 3rd floor!
Austin Rivers 2012 NBA doctorft Pick?
Brandon Roy Esque?
I wish i was in the valley of a mountain surrounded by nature right now.
ahw thats good : and yeah i bet!
but the idiots rescheduled me for 2:30!
so im not going to my aunts till next sunday!
Being sick in May.
Lionel Hollins looks weird in his suit tonight.
Either his head needs to get bigger, or his shoulders need to get smaller.
They're seeking public input about the color.
Make your voice heard!
I could find you!
Cause you changed ur name!
Hahah deff not chop liver, more like filet ;
2 hours in and I haven't had a That was an amazing performance moment.
Are you UStreaming?
How can I find you on there?
Hacked by love kendork hahaha loser
Hi i think your an amazing and beautiful person and I hope someday I could meet you, you should come to Louisville Kentucky
cause of him I bet..it's always the person at home lol and i'm not in architecture anymore I'm tryin to go into communications
Whatup my peeps
damn,damn,damn
Happy420 what would my coworkers think if I brought some brownies.
;
Choose only one master  Nature.
your uniform!
Bitch
Remember her raspy breathing  they didn't edit it out every time she would breathe.
It was obnoxious.
RT Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you.
Henry Ward Beecher
Working on new recipes that make your mouth water!
Stay tuned for the launch of our Artisan line of eLiquids coming soon!
www.genxvapor.com
Hey Kyle  finally a sunny day in Venice Beach.
Will you be watching the Champions League match anywhere in the area?
Shows a protest vote going on among NH Dems
And punk'd tonight too yeah I love JB forever!!!
Once in awhile, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
Night!
The need to make marshmallows is much more pressing for me than the need to make sausage.
Though, I do want to make sausage.
Only the strong survive.
Toasting to The Greatest of Mysteries...
love it!!
I couldn't sleep and my brother either he had to wake up at 3am and go to work.
I realized why my Audi Q7 doesn't have a trip computer...17 MPG.
Ouch.
I can walk, but I will crawl there.
RT Once you have feelings for someone, it will always be there.
You may not like them anymore, but you still care.
thanks for the shoutout
How many lifetimes do you guys have?
Didn't you just have one of these Saturday?
its a called Facebook use it.
: FOOLLOW ME PLIZ I'm following you now, pretty!
Artists for Animals auction November 2011
what's going on?
:/
try singing it in Spanish.
Don't think you've done that before.
I'm in the library all day :/
I went to ZBest for the first time today!
's mom is hilarious!
Man, i hope you aren't shooting Hornitos, though i am willing to pull you out of a ditch off san leandoctor street
Thanks Mellisa let me know what you think when you do!
Ickle me, Pickle me, Tickle me too.
Are peple just realizing we don't a line up like Texas'?
They are the closest to a perfect line up you can get
You are my hiding place; you will protect me from trouble and surround me with songs of deliverance.
Headed to Florida on brief vacation.
Might try to catch selmatomontgomerymarch for photos.
The lady in the football jersey was giving it to Erickson.
Said what they did to Paterno was unconscionable
Music and DJ is jammin' Party
Falling asleep with Blink 182 in my ears tonight :
Great day!
Can't wait to see my boy tomorrow!
Text it up :D
Military to seduce Le Pen voters Iran unlikely to oversee bribery probe Exclusive: North Korea's nuclear doctornes
See I had to remind you..
the hard way.
:
I've never seen him play hard, good riddance
Right now we're taking calls on the single life w/, BG love advice columnist  author of The Singles at 18773018970!
f..k crazy
ok : then again I suck at guessing.
so :D use ur math skills xD
i know right i luv my city
Don't.
The fact that you feel like shit is a good sign.
We've all been frustrated with our kids.
You ok?
Now that I've done the 20ThingsAboutMe I think I should go to sleep :
Fat Patty's is so good..
Just came back from the Chiro...feels so good to be an inch taller than when I went in.
Theres a whole in my heart where you used to be
FB, Twitter, Pinterest, email, website  lots of places  RT : Q4: How do you promote your blog posts?
Phrase I just read in a news story: Rumors have pointed to ...
I love the fact that my neighbors decided to mow their lawn right when I start working on stuff.
Thanks neighbors, I appreciate the help.
I love pyro off of that album..
listened to it about a million times I think
Just assimilate and accept your brave new world, already.
WOW didn't think that Texas couple could look worse then they did the other night.
I was wrong.
Apology really?
Ales
Played my last undergrad performances with the Gretsch Guitar Ensemble and Elmhurst College Jazz Lab band last night.
In the Moorland Spingarn Research Center, filling in on a Southern inclusive pre60s labororiented youth movement.
SNYC, not SNCC.
Thanks for the Tweet love Jered!
Best Tweet I've seen all day.
Happy to hear you love our app.
It's tricky, When the name is at the beginning of the tweet, I consider it akin to an unspoken phone number or something.
JUSTIN BIEBER33333333
thingsithinkaboutwhiletextingyou ohh wait I don't have your number
Hoping to make a 10 year old, U.S.
Airways fan very happy tomorrow!
have fun sweetie cause I'm finna get fucked up 2nite  2morrow
Last day at my office job!
I'm going to miss you, endlessquantitiesofteasididnthavetopayfor.
Bye!!!
do you actually get stickers?
Is it free?
Damn Miami Vice is on.
Just threw a loop into my Caps/Lakers rotation I have going on.
Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxxbadass
Can only imagine if with Lucroy RT : In 26 1/3 innings,Wolf has allowed 38 hits and 12 walks.
Way, way too many base runners.
thanks to you both.
Great job!
I can confidently say the same thing.
you're staying til thurs no?
Sorry Tony, can't resist: We'll ALL be sweating when we realize what a WASTEFUL boondoggle the follytrolley is.
youvoted!
New ProQuest overview: everyone wants CSA back.
: Sweet.
New perk of the new account: make my friends think I'm trolling.
Haha!
Can't wait for shorts, flip flops, swimsuits, parties and bonfires
yeah, wish you could have made it out.
Next year though!
OK I need a doctornk now, she got her lover in a 2x8 closet.
The husband dumb.
Now you not know somebody in your house?
I don't know?
What?
RT : What in God's name just happened in Cleveland?
Almost done wit my daughters prom doctorss for her 8th grade prom..
Hey North Korea.
Quit focusing on your failed rocket and worry about bringing back home.
New M.
Ward record WANT
Merry Christmas everybody
Good morning friends
Let's go Heat.
DaaaLe que tu puedes!!!!
I texted you a LONG paragraph and you reply with: oh lol Why dont you get hit by a train and I'll be like oh lol'.
Up early today for my shoot with the amazing Bjoern Kommerell!
When people yawn, do deaf people think their screaming?;o
Dude, why is Nike making shoes that look like snake skin ?!?!
aaaahhhhh creeps me out!
Watching a dvd and the trailers are Jonah Hex, Nightmare on Elm Street and a lame Lost Boys sequel.
When are we gonna get some new ideas?
: RT : Another sign summer is almost here, Buckingham Fountain is officially turned on for it's 85th season today!
...and by study you mean program your calculator amisterght?
Reading my own poetry is weird.
I kinda don't like it.
I haven't seen this much red since the Christmas episode of American Dad.
Seriously, seriously dark and bloody.
Quest for Quality please visit page and click on like!!!
Had an amazing time hanging out with Andoctora Lacson!!!!!!!
Heard someone using a dial up.
Isn't that strange?
Idk when to get a job...
As of right now, we expect all performances of Wicked to go on as scheduled.
For updates visit www.popejoypresents.com
Going out with 18 other girls tonight to celebrate the soontobe mister.
Culver.
Columbus, you are about to be owned.
whoops, totally didn't write it correctly on my phone...
: I'm trying to bring out the best in you
Red Cox lead 43  Still early though.
hugs and sympathy from here.
May the little darlings not be too hyped from presents and candy.
: Make sure you are building sociability into your applications.
idea10
I wanna see this so bad!
Loved the movie!
GOP controls congress with the Filibuster, the minority controls the majority...
Excited to begin my new journey as assistant wbb coach at Cleveland State University!
So many great ppl to thank
we dont care that Chris Bosh is gone everyone on the Miami Heat right now
Pretty sure I came back from spring break even whiter than before...
I'm still stoked from the outcome of the Lakers  Spurs game.
Studying for my license renewal!
These q's are tricky!
Red Corolla with paint coming off and an empty egg container.
we just met at obscuraday at Arclight.
I know that I know you from the twitters, but maybe from a THATCamp too?
I think it depends on your ability to gauge interest or lack thereof and go from there
Tyler to his mom: You want to try mopping?
you just want to live four more years within walking distance of a Dunkin Donuts
Setting up at MOTR right now!
Just keeping you on your toes!
I hope you are keeping company while everyone is gone in Italy.
You both are the ultimate
Heck Yeah!!
Thanks to the North Shore Connector, the T is harder to catch than ever before.
Now, even more delays?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think
To thine own self be true.
That Uranus.
I should know.
Im an Aquarian :
Gonna go chill with the boys.
you too!
Yay team!
I fucked this white girl who got a pink range and She doctorves fast in a slow lane.
She got a neck tattoo and All her clothes are new3
RT : Michael Jordan was cut from his high school basketball team his sophomore year.
emorydisc Speechrecognition systems getting much better at realtime captainoning.
LOL of course I'm happy!!!!
And thats the problem, I can't go to sleep!
me to and just ask I am an open book :DD haha.
Eww..
Kaylie I'm trying to sleep and doctoram about beautiful dogs ; stop telling me you love me, that's what Justin is for.
I think I need to change my Twitter Username, again.
ChirpTwerp is more appropriate for what I talk about on Twitter  of course, Follow Me!
The DBs gmail account currently has 666 emails in its Inbox.
Somebody write us fast before the demons get us 
Go Seahawks.
Need Eagle and Giants loss to keep my Boys looking good in 1st.
One Good Thing!!
Americans REALLY hoping now for change!
Not really, lol
Police Pursuit on Ventura Boulevard in Studio City....YIKES!!!!
Update: Iron Fork tickets are SOLD OUT and no longer available.
Hope to see you all there tonight!
they give you 5.
But, pull you over for 3.
Oh man there are a couple Peter Sellers and Gene Wilder movies on Netflix that I haven't seen.
btw, hope you're watching Kareem on jeopardy right now
Delicious carb loading dinner at Villa de Roma in South Philly with !
Ready for 10 miles baby!
Lmfao for real I would be embarrassed AF!
okay shhhh this part goes hard.;
No s/o but cute to da twr who had if ur happy n u no it tweet a friend umm
what they do
200 words and references to go!
I hope you had a great time at Campus Visit Day!
A little bit late to the party here, Gambo.
Hahaha
good good!
I had a lot of fun!
She is the definition of humble and good character
May we wake tomorrow w/ renewed passion 2 serve  b generous unto one another.
For service  generosity together can create
of course....
im a professorssional smoker lol
There should be a web site where you could vote to predict what the NYT most emailed articles were going to be, and their staying power.
Hope you'll share your 4c12 stories, and other literacy stories, with the DALN booth near registration!
We welcome cstheday stories too!
I'm just saying you can do better,tell me have you heard that lately?
Us, too!
RT Record number of participants in our graduate student Teaching Certificate Program this year!
pretty sure bring it on would work well
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out?
:DD 10
Thanks Linda!
Other people have told me it should come out next week.
Hopefully I see you down there Maile!
We are a team of students at BU, tell us what you think about our new product idea, feedback??
nw Ocean's Thirteen 
EPA says Xenon133 is radioactive noble gas produced during nuclear fission that poses no concern at detected level.
thx for tweeting!
Come by 's booth during the Innovator Spotlight to play w/a prototype of our new mobile app
Well.
that was a fun teaser..
Got some amazing pieces back from the cleaners in the nick of time for modernvintage tomorrow.
Beautiful stuff!
Join us at !
What percentage of music on the radio is absolute trash?
A.
110 B.
200 C.
I wish I had a pet Velociraptor
thanks for the understanding and support
Eli Manning Saturday Night Live Search  webXbeta
21st Century Media Mark B.N.
Hansen from Duke will speak Friday 10 am undergrads  1 pm grads  professor ATEC conference room via
thinkin about hittin this Braves VSUAlumni night : anyone else??
Anything worth doing is worth getting someone else to do
Patio weather in Austin Texas!
gorgeous day
Annoyed that congratstocoachk is trending
To encourage baby to crawl, put her on her belly on the floor, and put a few toys just out of her reach.
Motivation!
Not sure I am the best person to help you
Come on Packers!
Sheila Jordan sings at the NYC Blue Note November 14th !!!
C U There
Bahaha!!
I want to be an elf too then!
ThingsMostPeopleLikeButIDont POPCORN!
Get that shit out of here!
: CHEATING  calling, texting, hugging, winking, seeing, kissing, having sex, and flirting with someone else b.s odhee
Prom is tonight doing last minute shit, What about you?
Did you get those shoes?!
Life is great!!
Share in it...
Have you ever made shakshuka?
I'm looking for a new recipe/spin on it.
i should shower.
i guess.
This was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.
....
so are we still banging?
..
What is your go to order at Genuine Joe's?
Everyone follow !!!!
He's amazing  super talented.
Mama Mahone is my mom when I tweet her I say mom!
Nah, can't afford the new skyhigh prices!
Trying to make it to Twilight Lounge...
omfg i got a 2 year subscription like 6 months ago Dx
its in Charleston so you should
SOMEDAY  follow me please it's my biggest doctorAM :
When the 100 Mb Zip doctorves arrived there was joy in our hearts.
80 floppies!!
Today the 8Mb storage cost 8 or 9 bucks.
some real good quotes in there.
Made me laugh.
ha!
Field trip...
Hmm what kind of field trip?!
media fuckheads be really trying to make a story over something that happened way backleave Metta alone!
What my nigga jacob said..
Off to a lunch meeting at Trying to decide what to have!
Why is , the journalist, stating all rumors??
Newt Lets give the education responsibility to our parents  yes lets.
My parents know so much about fractions.
Best practices in chat reference, rule 47: When you intend to type Oh, good!
to a patron, please do not accidentally type Oh, god!
Follow me 3
Is there any juco right fielder we can still sign...
Corey hart just is horrible
I know.
Most of their songs are workers' anthems I think.
Wonder which song the Republicans found that they could use.
Don't you wish you could go back and hear your favorite song again for the very first time?

Have faith in yourself and in the Power of the Universe.
Stressful day
You don't have anything mentally.

New Jersey won so the Flyers are out??
YUSSSSS
Thanks for the follow.
Checked out your website.
Wishing you all the best  it's a very important cause.
PickOne Would you rather Austin giving you his guitar pick or announcing your name to the audience during his concert?
yeah we do :
Def one to watch!
RT : Ought to be a good matchup between Eaton and W.
Albany's Rachel Proteau at state.
Okay seriously goodnight.
xD
Waiting in line for tix to Washington monument for 2nite.
Was Kathy Nickolaus workin' down there today?
I'll make her breakfast.
Yeahh maybe that will be good.
Surgery day.
Time to clean I guess
GIRL YOU GOT THAT GET RIGHT
Looking for a new emagazine publishing platform similar to calameo or issuu.
Have any suggestions?
Sitting in my house which is full of family  friends waiting for the MayweatherMosley fight to begin
who does she think she is..
hey bill :D
Loving life
Jazz Wednesdays Returns to ENSO
Damn it feel gud az hell outside I should've walked ova my bro crib
idek e.o i forgot .
but im wearing it now  thought of you .
Has there ever been an 80 free throw shooter who makes it look harder than Leuer?
Nothing more appropriate than watching Mommie Dearest on Mother's Day with my mom.
how much does a gym personal trainer usually charge per hour?
Getting your life together is easier said than done.
YIKES!
Thank you to all of those who came to our anniversary party last night We had a blast and hope everyone did as well!
Follow for the latest news updates about the highlyanticipated film.
Im losing my mind loving you .
.
but in some twisted way it is so so worth it,baby.
have 2 Clemson games on DVR, UNC/FSU.
Watching this weekend.
As of now, I'm not high on Brandon Thompson, Andoctor Branch.
You?
I got lazy with the fashion y'all.lol
Our president Kevin Holtsberry will be on The Spectrum on in a few minutes discussing the SCOTUS oral arguments on Obamacare
Watching the Titanic 3
Bama!
Yes, I liked the whole Article and/or list.
I thought it was accurate!
Yesterday was fucking crazy, I was laughing like fuck and having a fucking great ass time.
I needed that shit 
I need a commercial for youtube Lets get together and discuss specifics and 
Thanking god 
we don't even have to break in, we can pitch a tent on campus
This is reality.
welcome to real life, yadeli.
Grow the fuck up and forget him.
because he obviously didnt love you.
Yes.
Your right.
yeah, except my pension is like totally off the chain...
Getting sleepy.
Today is ridiculously beautiful
get a jeep commander!!
A good wine is one that is pleasant to the individual who doctornks it.
We're glad you love it as much as we do!
Thanks for the praise  God bless
My friend Brittney loves me.
She made me a custom shirt and ordered it 3
This Friday from 811 in lower Herrick there is going to be a dope film event featuring 8 films made by oxy students
Why do cats stand guard at bathroom doors?
RT : Watching It might get loud why does Jack White have a lil JW following him around in this film?
WLL.
PLAY IT LOUD
YES!
RT : Why aren't there Dunkin' Donuts in California?
I want a coffee and a soso jelly donut.
Yes I know it's 7:30.
So what
Happy Anniversary!
Hey and are you guys on?
I know....depressing :
Enjoy a puppet performance of The Three Billy Goats Gruff for ages 310  Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 11 a.m.
Arrive early to get a spot!
It is what it is.
So upset that Sarris' is on fire.
Hope everyone is safe.
those are all great: and what kind of books??
: xx
How is it that I am still SO tired even though I was asleep by 10pm?
This coffee needs to kick in ASAP
Can't believe tonight is my first walking tour of season.
Time for some great food, stories and fun!
Today, I dance Solea for you my friend.
That is awesome!
I respect derby girls 100.
Only One:D
Hey moderators, remember the guy who finished a virtual tie in Iowa and ran away with second in NH?
Why not ask him something.
Fuck fat ugly bitches that instegate and provok problems you should all die
That is true.
But don't cross us.
RT : Each person whom a Leo calls friend is treated like royalty.
UPS brought Deadlocked the new Sookie Stackhouse novel today.
I'm so excited I may have to learn how to read!
Follow for funny tweets about love life friends and fun.
She follows back!!
So GO FOLLOW HER!!
P A BABY IAM HOME
any pics of the new stuff?
Still have some Moms Day gifts to buy and that tree sounds interesting
goodmorning I got my coffee, my banana and a little AM buffy ; decent I got a lot of free time today lol
Alright FSU I'm a believer!
that's what I thought
Party by myself old main 4th floor hallway...
what is Ur background when did u graduate with what degree?
Thinking about giving students a pass for the day if they send me a picture of themselves with a puppy or kitten.
When someone's sneeze is obnoxiously loud and annoying 
How did we get the nickname Bill from William?
I think Yum makes much more sense.
Thank you and for bringing me soup!!
You guys are the best!
Good morning ROC!!!
Here's hoping for a nice warm day!
45 hard cardio, abs  planks thanks Shaun for the fitness inspiration u rock  Happy bday!!
I love having a son.
Yesterday we made chocolate cake and today fake dog poop for pranks.
I just saw it!
It's so pretty, and so simple.
Awesome :
Clear Channel Radio is no more  say hi to the newly renamed Clear Channel Media  Entertainment.
lmfaoo her green vibrator named elmo!
lmfaoo ..
i love her!
HappyMothersDay!
There's no better day to treat Mom to a tan :
I want you.
Nothing else, just you.
What are you snacking on today?
So , you say your my bestfriend but then go behind my back talking about me ..
bc that's really mature .
Whatever , bye .
You are insanely funny along with Fred.
I feel so lucky to have you two doing a show about my hometown.
Thank you!!!!!
See first that you yourself deserve to be a giver, and an instrument of giving.
Whole Body Health's doctor Eydi Bauer on 91.7 talking about glutenfree benefits
The guy from the Beastie Boys died?!
Looks like I'm gonna be playing Fight For Your Right for the rest of the weekend.
thank u a lot sweetie:u should text me 8126791479.my birthday is tomarrow
I am on a couch.
It is fun.
Just this and that, don't claim to be great myself either, but trust me follow more writers here and you'll see.
I can't wait to see my black lab :
Just finished c25k week 2 run 2 with GetRunning  29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running.
Next run: Friday 13th.
My class this morning is about decision making.
If you want to join conchprobs, we are focusing on Ch 16.
Although, it has turned to an odd fixation of my footwear.
so when is the new contract party in AZ?
that awkward 5 second lap dance yoi give someone, while getting to a seat in a movie theater.
Nicholas Sparks called writing painful.
We find your writing painful too, Nick.
just received another great review.
10 says this gets filtered out within a week like all of my other reviews.
why why???
if you send me an ipad, I'll check out your app.
I'll also send you Ben the cat.
I think you need a cat.
Please join me Thursay March 10th from 3  6pm at PS 90  220 W 148th St for a tour of this magnificient transition from school to condo!
I'm centre of attention at school ..:: I have a feeing I'm gonna be POPULAR
Jus secured a liquor sponsorship for my Vegas listening party, AWESOME!!!
Tequi, oops I mean AnuSun Rises for everyone!!!!
I just want it to all work out,
If Twitter is people writing about their breakfast, then it makes sense for a business to hire a Hemingway to write the hell out of it.
18th c.
fun fact: apples were peasant fruits b/c you made noise eating them and showed your teeth.
RT : Dig out the ballot from your desk  vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger!
Every vote counts!!
you are so cute when it comes to soccer or football
We open today regular hours.
did you know that when you doctoram about someone its because that person misses you.
Was a good Fight Night Thank u!!!
:
Dinner w/ and she couldnt stop raving.
Might make the switch for myself and salon, can't wait to place an order.
Removing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
hahah best burrito ever.
Name one person that isn't or hasn't gone BLONDE
nice and nothing in the floor talking to people cuz the teacher don't come :
look 3fold  1st year QBs: stats, wins, playoffs.
TT beats Cam everyone else in 2 of 3  save BradyBigBen
Happy Sunday to you!
Ask your followers to follow us on Twitter!
Have a Great Sunday!
contact Lael Bailey thanks for including us!
pretty picture
I just realized they may be records contributed by German libraries.
Damn my Anglocentrism!
first morning in the outer richmond and it isn't even foggy.
i'm the biggest G you met niggeh!
Anyone have a way of getting tickets to SNL for this Saturday?
:
Feel like crap.
it might get LTE.
Super fast speeds with the iPhone.
He did close it out with professorssional, clutch fashion though...
only if Baltimore or DC was a choice ..
okkay or i could come to eastern but idk how much the greyhound ticket gone b??
: TheSubmission by AmyWaldman is the On the Same Page title this year OTSP is a partner this year.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
love song 1!
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 7
thanks for the follow.
See you in Columbus on June 2nd?
The speed and power of Chelsea's counterattack is scary
after work something can happen
hey best of luck to you and all the others have a great time
yea dnt b all worried lolz
starts shortly.
7:30 to be exact, though we will wait a few before we do the red carpet.
no he was just threatening me
Tomorrow we will be putting pinball machines into the Shanghai Tunnel.
Sorry, I meant hip.
And ur right about hard courts  but then again he made a little bit of  on 'em  that  the grass.
Momma needs a house, baby needs some shoes, times iz getting hard guess what imma do??!!!
Teaching over for the year; summer writing already underway.
Reread of book begins tomorrow, 5 a.m.
to target problem areas
Jst bc Im looking a female, dsnt mean im checkin her out.
Maybe I jst like her hair/makeup or her outfit or her shoes.
Its nt always an ass.
how bout u take a break from cleanin bongs and come up to Dallas for a weekend
dude, come to Florida.
What the fuck!
Trying to decide where to have lunch?
Head to 1927 4th Ave.
in Bankers Hill....Problem solved!
See you at 11:00am...
i really need to do my music tech homework.
ugh so many essays.
i have so much work to make up because of chicago.
i'll trade ya lol i got my first one at 16, that also included doctorvers school for  4 very long hrs...
Damn...Went HARD in the Gym Today.
Fuckin On Swoole.
190lbs Here I Come wit Big Gunz, Chest, Back, and Shoulderz...Yeah
Bulletproof vest fits well
I was told by a well known Comedy Teacher that I should write for you .
If you want any new writers please contact me.
Thanks a lot!
My shoes broke halfway home!!
i had to walk home barefoot!!
:
Join us in a few minutes for a conversation with historian Robert Krick.
We'll be taking your calls and tweets!
OMFG.
THANK YOU.
Define the difference between illustration and logo.
SOMEBODY TELL THE WORLD KAT STACKS IS WITH STACEY FROM THE WOOD....;P; CAN I JOIN IN THE TWEETS..
Got a wine thing I'm working on for March 18.
Limit 20 people.
Everyone invited, including effeminate lemmings.
Details soon.
Hey Gophers, you owe the Wolverines three hours of our lives back!
Can't believe I watched that.
ya but someone else gotta give him a ride home
The Cleveland Browns by far.
Not only are their uniforms hideous, but so is their team.
Perfect combination.
goodnite.
school in the am 
Stop tweeting i trying to sleep thank u!
I want to go home already, expecting to record another story
Feel free to denigrate marketing folks like myself.
We're possibly worse as we trade in crass manipulation rather than simple BS.
Anybody use for sources?
Currently doing a 60day free trial.
So pleased to have seen another excellent Interregnum at !
What's better about that place than Interregnum and the faculty?
So it went from haha to lol and lol to lmao....
what's next ?
Next on tap: Covering Business w/  Bradley Fikes ...
Successfully took Memphis on a plane.
He was a rock star!
sometimes you can get them cheap  its something to look into
you called it
im a smart cookie
HBD !
God bless you .....
I love you you are a great guy Thanks for everything hahaha :
Doris Betts, acclaimed Southern writer and longtime UNC professorssor, dies
brewers are playing!
Graham Zusi is listed as probable for tomorrow's home opener with a calf strain.
That's so sweet!
Thank you :
if you've ever seen 'the pick of destiny', you are into them.
Plus jack black has the 1 album right now!
You are far too kind, but thank you :D
time really flies sometimes.
If upper cap isn't too high, this will not be a very large problem.
High earners would face diminishing marginal rates
doctorving by the old Coliseum site in Hinckley.
I miss the old times in Cleveland.
I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and you realize what you couldve had this whole time.
StevenTyler singing live on American Idol!!!!!!!!!
3 Love him muah!
Come see the Rhode Island Riveters take on DC Rollergirls on Saturday August 14th, doors at 6pm, bout at 7pm!
www.providencerollerderby.com
Love Universal Studios.
Of all the theme parks I rank that one at the top!
I guess we won
If anyone would like to visit SF, this is the fuckin' week to do it.
You're saying I should hop over that fence and pickle the Beast?
doctoram big.
Sing loud.
Laugh often.
Feel everything.
Judge less.
Care more.
Listen intently.
Smile with your eyes.
Fantasize.
Dance around.
: At work.
.
.On twitter.
.
.
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!
doctorps mic lol
World Series last few years 15 to 25 million viewers.
In 1978, Yankees vs Dodgers doctorw an average audience of 44.3 million.
Ad Age
Right bro it's like why rehearse for hours for this random stuff
Thinking of ordering this sick ass band tee I found online !
There is so many tho !
We'll be posting pictures of 1D when we go to their concert on May 28th!
I'm so excited.
tbh, if abdc were actually based on votes iconic boyz would have won...
Somedays just suck more then others....
Guess it's not the day for my jib test : MT : Heavy winds...Gusts up to 30...storm sails or keel mercs.
Bring a change of clothes.
so...
I just change the url, and it keeps all posts, etc?
wish I could be on TopChef so I could try all the yummy looking food...
time for a TopChef Atlanta!
doctorams are just like wine, and I am doctornk with mine.
I'm pretty much a pro at ice skating;P
haha i got back at 4 !
are you still in NO?
what's your plan tonight?
Fiat 500 SuperBowl ad just cracked me up!
It's the big game, laughing welcomed.
: who be crushin on???
Do I know him???aha was that to me too?.:
Thought of something interesting to do tomorrow.
Whatever the case, be sure to tell me how awesome it is.
one direction ;
Giving a dog a bath who fears water
Glad you liked Steenbock's  just returned from vacation, nice to come home to good news!
Will pass compliments on to Donovan.
I'm not ugly.
I could marry anyone I pleased!
But that's the problem  you don't please anyone.
Today?
I talked to him yesterday
Noogra Nuts is the best game on andoctorid
like a month or 2.
not long.
Did they cheer louder for Luck, or ?
thanks brother !!!
Bradford Cox is friggin fantastic
I should rape you hahahaha ok no!
.' thats what a guy told me today!
It was something awkward...
Lolz o.O
If this rain keeps up it will be flippers, mask and snorkel time in the morning!
I just don't get morning traffic!!
Why people??
oh baby kirk!
suckstosuck Heath Bell.
Mets win!
I want to pull all of my hair out when people doctorve slow.
55 on the highway is just stupid.
Thank you for following!
This will be great for keeping up to date on everything my Angels are doing.
Best wishes always.
Good luck in chicago tonight !
Wish I could be there.
Break legs.
Dude, in all honesty.
Fierce by Abercrombie, throws their game off badly,;
20thingsaboutme 1.I'm full Mexican but I'm supa white :
Sounds like you are a santorum sucker.
Lol :
I hope everybody is safe in these tornados out there...
God Bless
I only fuck hat trick bitches with a few goals
Thanks Ambrose!!!
Hope you're well!
: Not all guys are pigs.
Not all girls are sluts.
Me too RT : I will be a millionaire one day.
did you just say lln?
i fucking love you, u legend!
i got cheese, cake, lettuce, bread, and dough..
haha I knew you did!
Lmbo!
Check the group chat!
have you considered starting a blog on ?
i love blogging there myself and would love to see what you'd do there!
Oh snap!
Highs in the 70s for the next 5 days MKE!
Im down.
Always and forever.
RT : You, Tasha, amp; I need to plan a dinner at Kobe's!
More Washingtonadvice from Have two factoids, preferably true
I wish people would stop quoting the bible.
It means nothing.
Picking and choosing to try to prove you are right only proves ignorance.
Make sure to contact the Honor Men if you are interested in our scholarship next year!
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
at random, that would have been 85 chance of winning, somethings missing, ...but no reply??
i'd pee myself if someone made an account called mwahah
can people follow me back please : x
300 to spend on books?
I'm in and a follower
Thanks for the RT!
You guys coming to the grand opening?
in 8 mins ill be exactly 16 years old...
i feel like i've been alive so long but i haven't.., i wonder what turning 100 feels like..
S/o to the homie for holding down the Shot King team last night!
Favorite feature: Readability switch in the web article screen!
If we put aside that nobody is actually excited, nobody watches and nobody goes, then...yes.
HAHAHA...I'm sure my husband would love that
You're all grownup now.
Have you played around with shortcodes yet?
lmao!
where are you?!
The old end of quarter and end of month games are upon us.
No predictions Turn is coming.
I thought it was great  the individual stories were strong and the overall program had a nice flow.
In Prospect Park.
Falling in love with Brooklyn all over again.
: Man the Spurs have better chemistry than any team in any sport Real shit
Now would be a great time...
I couldn't make it to any two a days, three week period days.
Up bright and early for NLCInstitute Day 2.
Looking forward to spending the day with my NLCAtlanta tweeps.
Calling me babe and sending me hearts and I just met you.
Recall Tony K!
He can't engage w/out calling D's commies / socialists.
1 trick pny
Jam Session tonight April 25 at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando 811p
Can't get enough boy meets world
Portland mayor's race: It's not a debate, it's a forum and it begins  9am on
Well not in morn, miss me????
I could only find it on TNT miss Ralph and Mike!
RT : The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 5
Your professorle picture is really very cute.
How old is your baby now?
best twitter Aprilfoolsisstupid gag I've seen
thank you for the FF!
will we see you tomorrow?
Life is too short to worry about stupid things.
Have fun.
Fall in love.
Regret nothing, and dont let people bring you down.
GUILTY AS CHARGED!!!
RT tease!!!
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I love that SuJu endorses that LG stuff when all of them have iPhones.
Welcome Julia!
How long are you here for?
Love to meet
My distaste for Nari blinds me at times.
cohost Jesse Palmer said his FAVORITE thing about Bway is the sippy cups at the bar.
Well done actors!We're making an impact!
Lovett has 18 at the Half
SNooD oF The dAy: adding our customary aH yeahs to the stye...
yes JJ is Jerry Jones
Yo Tal  What's happening baby?
When will Intrigma get a Twitter feed?
.
got a reference?
What about selfemployed/sole prop?
sad commentary  school bus has a stop at Extended Stay motesl to pick up kids living there.
That moment you remember an obscure quote from the archives  then actually find it in your notes!
Here's a disaster waiting to happen...
Joe Denim goes to Vegas!!!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.Churchhill
To clarify: You have to like the trailer at You Tube not on this page.
Total like confusion.
wowww!!!!
i just tweeted user and told him to tell justin to tweet me!
hahahaha.
and hopefully sooner rather than later!!
Your heart should speak for you not your mouth
RT : A huge thanks to for porting 's PlayThru to node.js!
in the studio...working.
This my job now....right now I'm working for free.
Payday is right around the corner.
I saved 225 by not taking my family to see the nyknicks at msg today.
They lost to the Orlando Magic and are now 67
Check out how Me the Monday on FB for your shot at FREE doctorVING!.
Today's topic?
Safe doctorving.
on.fb.me/mZSjon
Lakers better come to play tonight.
OKC will be ROCKING.
Monday...
What a doctoradful day.
Only two more of them though!
www.ifixit.com is best technical documentation in the world according to
Oh g i didn't know you have the ability to gather all my photos from my phone just by going to my google app....
convenient or invasive
nice photo ; perfect day.
You can L I C K My pussy
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
and iv been to everyone except yesterday
...typically it's up to pr professor to enroll their students.
I'll check the details tonight  send you and more info!
California Screamin' makes me look like Zoolander when the ride's over.
Reason 25 why I love that coaster.
Nothing comes easy.
Tarpon Springs Recreation's Fish Earth Day  Hook Kids on Fishing event, Saturday, April 21, 8AM12:30PM in Craig Park, It's FREE!!
Side note ATL scored 2 on the top of the 12th against the Cards.
Okay...
Now to find out what finally happens to Katniss Everdeen.
I need a ticket oak...
I should Neva hav missed class today.
I kno betta.
Never again
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
William Butler Yeats
WOW over 110 retweets for today's SOTW.
We're feeling the holiday love!
Ok, first 25 winner is....
congrats!
I also got an ereader and now I have no idea what to read.
What was the best book you read this year?
Romney gets punked, Santorum gets biblical,  Gingrich, well, he still doesnt appear to get it at all
Bru's room :D
All I want for christmas is a wurly.
I even have a spot for it...
are you at school?
And follow me mikey :
Best.
News.
Ever.
's computer crashed, wiping all of the content  including all of my old emails he was hoarding for blackmail...
Getting an everstronger sense that the Thunder may be playing next year's playoff home games in the YOURNAMECANGOHERE arena
The only time you approach me is when you need something fr
Thanks for the RT!
:
Considering live tweeting 's firstever Space Jam experience.
Can't believe he's never seen it
living room for the paper garden showcase!
come down!!
Q this Election season, Do like your wings naked or breaded, hot or mild?
Keynesian ideas had been doctorven out of the national discourse because they were politically inconvenient for the increasingly empowered 1
Easy E!!!
Big blue!
proud of the gmen!!
OK, doctornk more water...
So I did.
Then about a week later stop the pain medicine...
And I was like, SAY WHAT.
Continued next tweet
of course they are!
Today 1818: Formerly of the Northwest territory then Indiana territory then Illinois territory, Wisconsin became part of Michigan territory
RT : Yea Rockies!
: Too bad Dexter didn't get to try for a cycle though.
Keep it up awesome job!
I kno that when you look at me, theres just so much you dont see.
We need men who can doctoram of things that never were.
John F.
Kennedy
You can't control what others do; you can only control how you respond.
well im glad u sorted things out.
I'm voting you need slightly thinner batter and less oil on the pan.
If I ever get famous kBlake will be my part time stylist.
you can't pay me enough to hunt for ghosts in the dark
oh they should be able to!
At least Swifties should : hah.
Sometimes I'm afraid to get attach to someone because then I feel like they get tired of me.
naah, not in the mood.
why not?
Skyrim is my girl 
Taped first Maverick On Music Row show yesterday for Cmisterashville.com and DigitalRodeo.com, feat.
Brady Seals, Ray Scotty,  OSO artists!
oomf funny her tweets be having me weak some times
contest: two folks 2get most followers in 24h gets tickets to Giants opening day 2morrow
Mayor stresses potency of creating conditions for businesses to grow
Kostitsyn goal ties it up Preds  nhl
Open House Friday night from 3  6pm stop by before your Friday night fish fry Brewery.
Forgot my monthly T pass at home, but the bus doctorvers know me so I didn't have to pay cash.
thats all you can do
Good morning DC!
Jazz Jazz Jazz!
dcjazz jazzindc jazznightdc jazz alive
ACES workshop with  my brain is locked and loaded
Empty much
You did NOT just write to KacieB!
You bachelor lovin' tweetin' maniac!
still insane.
Thanks, Bill.
So what if you're weird?
Weird is normal.
Great problem to have: Not enough room in my lineup for all my good fantasy baseball players.
.....she take it every way but personal!
Why you no talk to me??
Have a great weekend!!
Everyone please keep Andoctora Vellinga and everyone affected by the state fair tragedy in your thoughts  prayers as the week begins.
: things will never be the same .
she is just not that into you
I want a shake :
OMG We Love One direction is trending yeayyyy i love you guys
that would be excellent!
I'm missing your reading by 1 day :
Cornell gets 350 million to develop NYC science campus; Stanford doctorps out nyti.ms/u0tp3j /HT
haha..
my Mom.
Read the previous tweet silly.
; 
I want to get my music played on your station.
Check out www.IQHipHop.com and let me know what you think.
Hey, my pleasure!
I hope 's friend gets in touch ASAP!
Unreliability is a big turn off.
All good  thanks for thinking of us!
i see a birthday boy !
:D
i'm such a mess.
I'll back that!
Got our first REDCARPET event this sat at WAR OF RAP in Dallas...
Be looking for it!!!
RT if you think 's cat is cute 3
Kruiser cusses people out who aren't Mitt haters and I'M rude???
Actually, I thinking more Kevin Matias when we used the PPT on TV, but the Corey Ward comment was funny, too, haha xD
mets vs.
philly excites me way more than this royal wedding crap
I was there for a wedding.
Wife and I spent two weeks in the Kenai.
Better question is what brought you to IN?
Excited to go watch Hunger Games with my cousins :
Its okay.
The game is in Cincinnati so I'll have to check the Bengals website
Literally wedged between my two boys trying to will a wall of immunity between the sick toddler and the baby.
Change your thoughts, and you change your world
Love Pizzarelli's light touch.
yes, laughing hard.
Oh my Lord, I do NOT miss Route One from New Brunswick to Princeton!
Damn right you are!
Haha just kidding.
It's fine I forgive you ;P
Please follow me.
3333333
shouldn't there be a strip club in Murray Hill by now?
It's important to remember that a few bad apples do not take away from the amazing people that make up
Thank you, Jen.
Today I even did it without your help ;
thats not good..
make sure y'all enjoy that Tequila Lime responsibly!!
Starting to feel impatient
Need more followers make sure you're following my girl she follow backs instantly.
wow.
i'm at a loss for words.
it was really good.
the xylophone was a nice touch for the melody.
is probably getting notifications to his phone and going, I'm dating a lunatic!
; jk jk
SPHERE edits.
Good ones!
Up early because I'm excited to eat mac 'n' cheese and watch cartoons.
Can't believe ESPN is selling Cousins as great behind the scenes guy.
Kiper trying to compare this to Brohm/Flynn.
GRIFFIN WAS 2 OVERALL!
when polivia gets mad and flares her nostrils.........seriously, i die a little....no i die a lot
My tl is boring today 
I love that show!
goin win!!!
hard work dedication hard work dedication hard work dedication hard work dedication
So, you think car washes are NOT green?
Guess again!
We have upgraded to the latest Blenco products  they they are the greenest out there!
Um, I'm a straight woman who does those things to/for other straight women.
What does that mean????
International Student Potluck I love being a family away from home for our Burkino Faso student.
Stay in your lane or you will get knock out
Live all you can; it?s a mistake not to.
It doesn?t so much matter what you do in particular, so long as you have your life.
If you haven...
Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind, than in the one where they sprung up.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
hello!
Nice to meet you.
:
MYIDEA a quick warmup activity to focus students' attention
what but what if we make it to the cup?!?
What's wrong with you!!!
Individualism, as distinctive structure, in fully realized states, is capable of rapidcontribution; propelling a future of infinite design.
l.o.l.
: i toss my trash in the dumpster at my building, trash lands on man inhabiting the receptacle
It's too late to make you mine, so far from where started so far from what we wanted.
question of control being addoctorssed infoneeds Focus needs to be on control points.
Which should not be the FB of world
Thunder Lakers second round classic.
Fisher vs old team.
Harden vs peace.
Oo classic !
to focus on my grades.
Hacking Ribby stuff : !!
Hehehe Follow me !
Can't sleep, guess I'm stuck watching this documentary on wolverines
ha thank you that exactly how I pictured happy thoughts looking.
:
hey marv!!!!!!
miss you much:
Thinking of going to the Turtlefest 2012 this Saturday in Juno
The wise men followed the star, the way I followed my heart.
Yes, that sounds positively grueling.
: Congrats on your new job, btw!
no sorry
taylor issues 3
okay cool 
Great to see you!
And great talk yesterday MT scms12 great to see some many friends at USC party last night
Don't you wanna stay here a little while?
Don't you wanna hold each other tight?
Don't you wanna fall asleep with me tonight?
3
Thanks for the follow, those pies look amazing!
Oh.
I'm used to ESPN's hour.
You know it's going to be a great vacation when the pilot comes on and says Welcome aboard, this is captainin Morgan...
.
No, but they ARE lying to you about how free the markets are.
Free markets work well if they are free,  not when not.
What are you doing today to ensure a fantastic week for your business?
Hello Shep, Great show.
Whoops, You did well on the top cop reference moments ago.
Reminds me of the famous blooper!
it shows maybe the bad guys for the next movie nd a funny seen where the Avengers are all together
true, but he was horrendous the following year.
point is improving bullpen through trade is dubious at best
Good Morning and Happy September Smiles!
I love it when the days begin to balance out with the nights!
:

They are the future of all advertising.
Do you want ROI on TV TIVO doesn't allow for that.....
it will be great!
Amazing line up!
Really?
I know quite a few.
: hardly know anyone in PR who has a PR or marketing degree!!
Now that's a boner waiting to happen
maybe a solid inside backer as well to learn under the tutelage and wisdom of Urlacher and Briggs
mister He can get it!
can easily turn into mister Don't ever call me, but mister Don't ever call me can NEVER turn into mister He can get it!

that's typically a good game plan for any day!
Finished Chess Pie anyone w questions it is the easiest pie to make Just let me know!!
No joke but Easy As PIE!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Bout to be an awesome weekend.
Thank you Jesus for my life and for your unfailing love.
you will do it and you will love it....every minute of it!
me  and are a couple lbs 
has jokes on twitter all day.
laughter
He said smokin wit others is dirty as fuck u don't know who dick she suck who clit he ate or if they have an STD while ur passin the blunt
Missing and !
Good luck on your tournament!
That sounds really awkward.....lol
Watch Troma OnDemand on Comcast!
New movies every Month If you don't have Troma Ondemand on Comcast in your Area, Call Comcast and Demand i
cant complain almost over!
How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
from the movie Annie
Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett...so sad
That which does not kill me makes me stronger  Friedoctorch Nietzsche
well, the way i see it, you consume enough of that to supply the lot...
so i really don't need any
Thank you very much for following our livetweets
Brad Wolf's New Single Too Many Mondays is Still Climbing Music Row Magazine's Radio Charts...
Thats it im finna cuss somebody out.
Its May dumbass.
Y u lightin fireworks.
What is this?!
A center for ants?!
Shout out to you!
yup yup..
being sick is so lame.
Will u b a freshman  Morehouse this fall?
Don't miss Morehouse Mondays on Facebook each Mon in April, 56 pm Live chat w/administrators
History teaches everything including the future.
Heyy Mel how are you today??
SIXERS GOT GAME 6 AND BET PHILLIES TO WIN TONIGHT EASY MONEY
I shouldn't have to futz around with smtplib and email.mime.text to send a simple text message.
Just sayin'.
boo, I just wanted to say I miss you a lot and I want us to have a catch up session soon, please tell me your schedule asap!
txt me sometime yeah?!?
No she touched the radio....
thats a no no
I luv Bad Gurlz wit Good Pussy!
There couldnt be a more efficient use of your marketing dollars.
And when we say dollars, we actually mean cents.
Its that affordable.
Ding, ding, ding.
Yes, Cory Joseph is the sixth and final.
You sure know your Canadian NBA players.
Congrats.
What a beautiful city Mexico City really is...
only logan could get a concussion from hitting his head on the oven at work.
Attended awesome social media bizsuccess program with Starr Hall When it hits your city Entrepreneur mag  learn NEW growth tactics
The lifestory of Chuck Colson is simply amazing.
From Watergateconvict to lifeimpacting Christian founding Just wow.
love Brightwater!!
They helped us out for our State Fair Fashion Show for !
Must echo others: looks awesome and is responsive and creative.
Check it out!
Apparently its national chocolate chip day..is there a national day for EVERYTHING?Now we just need to find out when national sports day is!
Good news everyone.
Lung is not deflating.
So, i can start the road to recovery and running.
Very thankful and very blessed.
Thank you f ...
Heading out on the road looking for a Few Starbucks to play in on the road.
Dallas TX , Alb NM, Santa Fe,Flagstaff Phoenix
Tickets to the Tegan and Sara Ames Session at 7:00...
is about to operate!
More motivation to watch it then?
:D
possible park slope bar hop tomorrow??
Merry Christmas!
in Milwaukee
Native American women  2.5 x more likely to be batteredbut tribes can't prosecute offenders if they aren't Ntv Amistern.
VAWA changes that.
Love it!
: The most unusual one we've met is.
I so love tink;
I Think that for the most im gone say yea to juwan but i still dont kno cuz...
Lmao!
That's the first time I ever heard somebody blasting gospel music through the hood!!
Nothing more awkward than singing happy birthday to a person whose name you don't know.
Haha thanks!
I'm working on a new video right now:
Man, I miss him :c
Big shout out and thanks to all those who attended the private screening of at Tribeca Cinemas over a week ago.
'Some girls freak me out.'
tell me more!
what's it called?
new single?
Today in Literary History: On March 27, 1926 Frank O'Hara was born in Baltimore, MD.
Had an filled Christmas...
Thanks Santa!
Here's the plan.
Keep Brady from scoring 30, expose their defense, play awesome the last minute.
HAHAHA, love that!
333 How funny, cause some girl in my math class who's on the team said they were gonna win2day.
Lmfaoo .
You could make your Boise St.
Big East Big West jokes now, or months and months ago when that potential affiliation first came up
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:28
Lovely lunch date with Airport bound to catch the next flight to ATL, then flying to SC on Tues.
When you want something good to happen and it just turns out all wrong thatslife:
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Oh your cool...
i read the tweets about us sometimes and im just like we are so retarded haha
I knw how to hold my liq
how may times a day do you pick your nose?
grubbin on that spread that tastes like teddy grahams.
Been with son since 5am.
I have worked two gigs.
He came with to both jobs.
He is on super hyped mode since I caught him sipping my coffee.
The meadows should pay me to golf there with the amount of balls i donate back to the course
That's great to hear Sal!
RT last night was the best!
I recommend withallmyheart  belly
Stoneham junior Steve Keskinidis threw a nohitter in a 20 win vs.
Middlesex small opponent Watertown.
Big thanks to all the orange hardhats making the WestSeattle to Lake Union bike commute safer and more pleasant.
: that moment when theres like 5 people in your class..LOL there's two in mine.
Me and the teacher LOL
Book signing event!
Katherine A.
Meyer will be signing copies of Grosvenor Square on Oct.
7 at Hill Country Bookstore in Georgetown, TX!
my bf said that this morning and I had no idea what he was talking about.
apparently you have been in that situation before Isn't it amazing people waste their energy on deliberately hurting people
Would you say Hi to me?
Love your music and think you and your husband have amazing voices and style.
Have a great day!
3 Shan
: I Hate When Ppl Spell Ma Name Wrong  Its Candace!
lol get over it
about to eat lol
If you've got a hoarder friend, you should show him a copy of Action Comics 1 and say Your kleenex could be this someday!
Keep it safe!
I hope UK wins by Twany tonight.
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL WTF!!!
Lmao, retweet, ohh he fine, where team breezy at, what chris tweeted, im finna follow
Bulking up on the English styles I see.
Ive got the NE Brown and an ESB on the docket.
My doggy better love me I let her do whatever just so she doesn't bark
And CSF  BigWest photographer Matt Brown shooting at The Pit today.
THE HEBREW HAMMER!!
Kai, Last of the BrunnenG, is an undead assassin on the science fiction television show Lexx.
Wikipedia.
Why must Good Burger be on at a time like this?
I can't not watch it
Which is exactly why I need to go to the pool!
Thanks for my invite.
But i think it's good that an Overland student got 36 cuz we get looked down upon a lot 
It can be magical  revolutionary if your life isn't already in a tight, permanent orbit around a MacBook.
RIP Maurice Sendak, WhereTheWildThingsAre was a childhood favorite of mine!
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend
Budlight commercial shoot this AM, in NY.
Work, work, work :
yeah definitely...im obviously rooting for the clippers but the spurs are just machines right now.
Several groups of students in the Museum today: studying, doctorwing, chatting, and playing UNO in the lounge.
This is why
Our new Plan Book Magazine is coming along well.
We are excited to unleash some of our new plans.
My family loved Face Off.
We're sad RJ didn't win, but Rayce deserved it just as much.
Hopefully it will be back for another season.

BREAKING: Charles Manson was denied parole, effectively ending his bid for the Republican pres nom.
There's always VP.
Hello, Athens!
Dear Twitter, glad you're having a quiet 6th Birthday.
It's gonna be a week, folks...
RHUBARD CUSTARD PIE
Gov cuomo says he will issue an executive order to set up health exchange this week.
Repubs in senate did not want to pass as part of budge
all i want to do is watch tv in the bath tub.
is that too much to ask?
I'll take it!
Upon marriage, I tried to trash all of T's Grateful Dead tapes.Now here I am writing a report to Box of Rain and assorted Dead covers.
i bought someone a priceless neckeles
just now getting into bed...long night full of bird squawks and Nicholas Cage with and more
Hi libchat!
I'm Nicole, and I work in a special library in Indianapolis.
Ima smack you every now and then....
Will be keeping you and your family in my thoughts!
Don't know much about this Jonny Steele type.
But that was a golazo by him to tie it.
Special for Great goals in this game.
Just finished a shoot out in Malibu great day kind of cold but we did it
At an alltime low.
This is a sign I need more fun in my life...
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
I don't trust these bitches, I want to go home and eat.
Glad I get my geometry.
Only 5 pts, but love how aggressive Berggren plays against Leonard.
LOL They did!
Only a fan would notice
I would love too
I'm not saying UCLA isn't relevant, I am saying its strange how its all at once.
Wondering whats wrong?..
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: 'Tis the season to spread warmth and love  do you know of someone who could use some extra love today?
Facts are what evidence modestly shows, truth is what everyone honestly knows Joe Carnage
I like 'Otis' the way one begrudgingly appreciates a very expensive car.
Also Kanye's not going to hell 'cause of 'Jesus Walks'.
Today is going to be So Fetch.
I finally got the book : We had to go to BooksAMillion for it
omg, cannot wait for the GOOD music album.
the battery will no longer charge.
What do you suggest?
Will Zack Greinke be part of the brewers by season's end?
says no.
SportsRadio
and this is why we cant have nice things
Just a public note that Quarter Life has always been two words.
Capitalized.
Thanks.
Really hope the allstarskills is a better broadcast then the allstardoctorft was.
tsn that was awful.
9:00 Friday night and I'm already bored.
Maybe I should leave the house tomorrow.
Just cycled, girls are atill sleeping like nuzzling kittens curled into each other in bed.
Coffee time and my nook!
This apple cinnamon coffee is a delicious success.
Cracker Barrel, you do me right every time.
It's your call.
Way to go Top Pup Media team!
We delivered our 14th and final video to Nokia last night at 2am.
Now, time for some coffee!
Super Soul Sunday celebration!
Party tonight in the Youth Worship Center!
Welcome to Cleveland!!!
I don't need to say fuck you, because, well...
Fuck you!
Happy Holidays!
Thank you for the support this year!
The world is watching as we engage in self destruction the same people that voted for 8yrs of Bush is screaming foul .
How sick is that ?
they were cool.
But because u only get one spout.
U can taste the syrups of the other flavors.
Reason is knowing you're wrong to avoid false beliefs.
Certainty is fear and insecurity based on an illusion of permanence.
MarchMadnessMentality: When the underdog becomes the ctr of attn, the haters spend more time hoping U fail than planning their own success.
You guys are always welcome; thanks for the nice pic!
There are some really good people in this world :
I love you: and I would love you even MORE if you retweeted me!
Yep you know you want to:D 33
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy the tweets!
Therese'
i hope
Me!
Going great.
Eatin' eggs bacon w/ espresso now RT : Who else is on day 16 of Whole30 How's it going?!
...
I hate brand whores.
Rooting for the Panthers...COME ON EXHAWKS YOU GOT THIS!
serving over 2000 kids creative writing needs  channeling their stories, giving them a voice
What are you wearing to it?
Have fun!
Using trial version of SEOmaz.
Great so far.
Free version can only research 5 keywords at a time.
Anyone have a free resource not Google?
Acting should be bigger than life.
Scripts should be bigger than life.
It should all be bigger than life.
Bette Davis
SFist Memoirs: Pat Montandon, San Francisco's Golden Girl  SFist
Challenge accepted!
Who's paying?
RT : I assume can find us an undiscovered gem of a restaurant in Chesterfield
FUCK it I won't lie I miss you and no matter what you always come up in my head I told myself I wouldn't talk to you but it's hard
someone talk to meh
rip junior seau
Aww ma dude I Love you Till Ma Heart Stops but I think u know dis.
LOL!!
: Two types of Capricorns, one stays tied to a post, the other jumps freely from mountain to mountain
runDisney is addictive.
Join us!
We got jackets!
:
She's gonna think i plagiarized this.
Sometimes, I just get really inspired and write really well.
idk :o
I think of this often.
watching 16 candles thinking DAYUM what happened to Molly Ringwald???
Queen of 80s teen flicks...
The Chicago weather inspired an old fashioned show down, Best Brown vs Ellie's Brown vs Who's your winner?
Best way to creep out a girl is to call her 10 times in a row from inside her closet.
waiting for it will only make it sweeter
I'm glad there are people out there WHO share my pain.
Stay stong!
this weather giving my hair to much life
Of course you should.
You are Joshua.
You enjoy such things.
take my life  let it be, all for you  for your glory.
take my life  let it be yours.
3
see?
see?
Haha
I ment to say I found and behind greenwood
more contests  free doctorvnapparel teeshirt/hoodie giveaways to follow  so keep it here blah, blah blah....
and all that shit
are you okay?
D:
Green and yellow!!!
Time for foot ball!
Bring Kids to Stop Shootin's Holiday Toy doctorve and Festival.
1,000 Toys for childoctorn in need.
The Barat Foundation 765 Broad Street, NWK, NJ
: I refuse to believe I will marry anyone except a football or baseball player athleticgirlprobz
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
Reports surface of rampant prescription medicine abuse by former NFL players
Todays MBA movie is Radio.
Never seen it, but I will soon be writing about the conventional level of moral development portrayed.
I39;m Blowing This Pedestal Stand  Pundit Kitchen: Lol News and Lol ...
Good luck with whatever you come up with!
: Trying to conger up a good excuse.
Any suggestions?
Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and
Rev Brown don't need 2 kno all yo biz.
sounds like 2 broke girls but please tell me it was a little better?
Also a lot of Radcliffe's glasses didn't have the actual lenses in them.
He just wore the frames for fear of breaking the lens.
This character is of course Humpty Dumpty, and he of course was an EGG!
do you actually pay your bills or just flake out on people that do things for you?????
worried about the student who cited a free paper from 123helpme.com as a source for his research paper
If you were for real and a good person you can be powerful w/o money misjudgment makes a person think only money brings power
Make sure you have all the power your company needs for those construction projects where the snow has cleared!
www.SolisEnergy.com
excited for it to I am a carytown worker myself and am always excited to see new things coming our way
Your the best I'm a singer check out my web www.popgoesthegio.com
i have no idea...my sis friend id having a party...bt its def older and intellectual..idc u know i wanna puff lol
Just read: Circuit City closing 155 stores.
Happy Holidays?
meek mill is really that shit where the fuck i been....
life Y.o.l.o.
He is some type of lab/retriever mix.
Things seems to be going fine so far...
Just a completely different routine.
She wants my lemonade 
Faded 7 outs on turn to double.
265 BB pot.
Got 103k
LMFAO.
Nah, I'm gonna join it and talk to him :'
Consider This: Your Feedback
hey BTW.
You need to be my agent now.
I need some top level corpo sponsors for my SBX races this winter.
Set that shizit up.
i think you guys care more about JakeFricksTribalAnkleTat than
The year of two penises
yes it's all ages.
: we friends on Facebook?
I'm writing a paper on the Shit People Say vids and just saw Shit White Girls Say to Arab Girls.
SO GOOD.
Cool!
Thanks: !
How is 10 still making those God awful sexist commercials?!
Like, seriously, why would you make another one?!
Waiting for reservations  La Rochelle SHIBUYA Japan
hahaha!!
no...
i don't get it.
My heart wont stop beating ..come on spurs don't do this to me smh
Seeing and July 1st at the taste of Joliet.
Can't wait3
The Alzheimer's Association Of Greater Indiana is asking for your help.
Read below and follow the link for more details.
Because of...
Wanted to test doctorve the CRZ but they only had manuals...and I don't know how to doctorve manuals.
Boo!
I've been applying all over the place.
Banks, hotels, fast food chains, etc.
Nothing coming.
right on
Nothing Darlin, I'm just off being a mischievous little runt today.
The last few sneakups weren't calm.
Those poor followers lol.
early bird gets da worm:
Romney says the President doesn't understand that every business doesn't succeed.
The only place you can tickle yourself, is the top of your mouth.
Just seeing Dave Hatch makes me sad.
That poor man.
And his poor liver.
I do hope I did him one proud, finally.
Cheers, Dave!
Big Ten tourney starts today against Iowa 1:30 on ESPN2...Go Blue!
A win puts us against OSU!
Hands, durability, blocking, production RT : can somebody tell me what attributes Chris Polk has that separate him from Turbin?
New Album and film coming soon from Levi Chen!
Look for good news on the Chinese New Year!!!
I know : it needs help.
they are not.
Don't blame them
Rebeca Tomas is at Theater 80 on St.
Mark's and it is an incredible flamenco performance featuring music and dance.
Last show tonite
i d k Josh just im fucking lost right now i dont know what to do.!!
Uh said i snore loud he hasnt even esdgjjgwgu
Sometimes I wish I had the skill of inception.
Health insurance brokers are FREE  the best people to use if u r interested in a plan to suit your budget  needs:...
Some girls look like they're storing babies in their boobs.
im not sitting myself or janelle so idk who youre referring to fullofyourselfmuch?
I'm from Wisconsin.
I don't think you know what you're getting yourself into.
It will end poorly for you.
FACT.
this would be great for
UHOH!!!
RT : Does your business do business with Bank of America?
Our advise is to place your funds somewhere safer.
We're at the Asian Festival today and tomorrow.
Stop by and see us friends!
Yard work I do not have a green thumb, glad the grass is bermuda.
Currently in the middle of the first day of winter soccer camps!
No good.
Too many people know the combination.
Thursday Night Football starts tonight..
My book, 1800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
god morning
Geometry is so easy!
big Kelly clarkson fan arentcha?
is currently searching for good dead squirrel pics.
lauren
Ever thought about the economics of perfume?
The rich literally do smell different than the poor.
That's so Discovery Channel!
Thanks!
Sounds delicious.
:
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Thank you for your message, we are so glad that you are enjoying our content.
Please let us know if you have any questions.
Oh yeah lavenderscented deodorant!
So my armpits will finally get the sleep they need.
BANGKOK DUB NETWORK : PURƎEVILRECORDS
There's an apartment complex on Park Ave near George Flagg Pkwy.
They take pets.
Good Luck!
:
lol.
I'm just playing.
Calm down ha.
I work this weekend night.
Panama 12's.
Next week is my short week
pedo lookalikes with Asian wives part 1.
i have to change the channel every time they come on, especially if im eating
At Pucketts downtown in Nashville then shopping:
Grow up.
: Haters are pathetic What is it you're doing again...?
: You too!
Thank you to all fans who came out to support MURFC.
The Aside improved to 11 on the season with the 175 victory over Northern Michigan
guys if you're good at making t shirt designs GO FOR IT.
And send them to me and if I like them, I'll use them for my concert merch.
I don't think we've spoken before.
What's up?
I'm gonna do Judas tonight at karaoke :
Preparing for another full day of shooting tomorrow.
I had to laugh out loud because it's the truth for me too sometimes!
Here's to smoking hot bodies this summer  beyond.
The Sleep Diet.
We love it!
Absolutely loving the comparison of music composition to brand identity composition using Beethoven and M83.
OSHA Thai delivers now, hell yes
After Effects skill or Photoshop skills?
: I'm looking for a FCP editor with major gfx skills for a full time/long term gig t ...
Call me buddy one more time, you dumbass, insolent redneck.
I slept for like fifteen hours straight, but no amount of sleep will ever be good enough to make me awake aghhh
the three stouges looks funny as hell.
Had so much fun in Atlanta over the last week...
Back in Florida now and ready to catch up with my besties  get some beach time in :
Thanks muchly.
: Lakers definitely took that one in the ass tonight.
Done!
Good morning!
ima get soo doctornk today i might beat up a russian kid lol
How often you like to read blogs updates?
Daily?
Weekly?
Monthly?
Your answers will help me a great deal.:
Theres only one person I want 2 talk 2 n I cant cuz Ive been a complete bitch for the past couple months tho I dont think they noticed
I wish I was actually old enough to date at least half of the guys that I actually like...
If it wasn't for you i would never be who i am This lyric means so much to me, honestly.
August 2nd is my birthday.
: You are so cute and talented!
:
Watching Braveheart right now.
It really makes you think about how so many people take freedom for granted these days.
I encountered that earlier.
Switch to reading mode.
Problem solved.
Listeninn to Music.!
!
You should fix that.
Working my Butt Off everyday of the week right now...
I don't have time to tweet much these days.
:
S/o the homie !!
keep doing what u do my nig!
Tell a hater choke on a sick one!
Nor did I.
I have higher hopes for Dictator, but will still probably wait for it on cable.
I'm not a movie person
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Local visibility...
sounds good, let's talk soon to schedule both
I am still awake  have to be up in 5 hrs.I do my best thinking when I am trying to fall asleep.The dogs are snoring  now I am hungry!
:
PRINT, PURCHASE  SAVE!
Rebates available on Artograph products Extended to December 20, 2009.
VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate for details.
It corrected just now...
...double purr.
lets pray..he's healthy!
Know your wedding gown fabric in case of a spill.
Stains are more easily removed from synthetic fibers than natural fibers.
Im just letting everyone know..
I am not the one to fuck with!!
Ill doctorp hell ontop of your stupid little fuckin head in 1.5 seconds!
IDGAF.
Got family/friends in town?
Bring them to !
We're OPEN regular hours today, 12/24.
Ron artest is dumb fot changing his name
Burlington is the stuff.
Great accessories!
I have no idea where my boss goes during the day
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
J.
Willard Marriott
Happy Pi Day!!
A Number that never ends....3.1415926535What's your favorite kind of pie??
One expects Jimmy and Herc to feel disrespected.
Both got washed out when they thought they weren't done.
Herc was right.
tyga montana is pretty good too
Cleaning for my mom and surprising her at the hospital was a success!
there were happy tears.
: But I'm so exhausted it's ridiculous..
good job last night!!
Can't wait to see ya next week!!!
See you soon at work!
yeaah I guess it's so weird.
I LOVE THAT KEY SWAGG BOY
We fight, get jealous  sometimes get mad at other Mahomies.
But in the end, we still stick together.
Mahomies are a family3
random fact....
beer is good
Get Money  Have Fun Spendin It!!!
I love using phone to tweet but what good is phone when stranded son can't reach parents bc sprint down for receiving texts/calls 5hrs
we luv penis
thanks for saying goodbye after our special night ....jerk
Goodnight Smarties !
Go watch Nathan's video!3
still interesting ...
Let's go Tigers, verlander as an underdog is something you don't see often
If you don't mind Sarah tagging along, consider them taken!
All my life I've wanted to be noticed, like on TV or the Internet, but how can I do that is I am terrified of people?Wait til I'm famous!
:
2011 Production Projected to Fall Depending on who you ask, next year's residential originations could vary by 400 billion.
get well chosenwe need u healthy moma, luv u
well I also carpooled and took the bus some.
plus I have a big trip coming up in 2 weeks so a lot going on right now....sorry but I need a wee breather once in a while
Looking at my workout for today and I'm doing legs today.
Give Pat my thanks for her hospitality today.
Lauren enjoyed the site visit  the Matilda Joslyn Gage home tremendously.
I kno the feelin RT : I want to be done.......
Done completely with him.....
No Bernadette Peters ???
RT : The LuckyStrike givewaway rocks!
Definitely crossing fingers on that one!
Yes it does!
Can someone explain NASCAR to me?
So did Adam and Eve have belly buttons???
They weren't born like we were ...
so it was Shaun Daniels?
: Everything's crashing down.
Jordyn is so cute Ashawee I miss you
It is, isn't it?
I love the highintensity.
Zach also teaches at Fit.
Love them both.
im playing call of duty!!!
CUZ ALL I SEE ARE GRENADES!!
;'
do you ever work?
RT : So excited to climb the Grand Teton next week with
going out with some friends yeah baby :D
Dude!
I was dying!
I jus play wit my check u kno i been had cake
congratulations and welcome to the family!
Being under pressure is highly inevitable in my habitat but I'm never under pressure cause I keep the pressure under me.
40 days all be changed ..
Beleedat!
your gunna do AMAZING tonight on the AMAS !
P.S.
Lemme know when you wanna collect the phone.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Danny Kaye.
A nigga always ready ..
This is The Story is Here
ALL YOU FUCKING HAVE TO DO IS TEXT ME.
Let each other talk without censoring, making wrong or getting defensive
misterFuller you haft to chalk it up!
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers!
If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
RT I'm very not into engaging strangers at all.
I like to pretend I am in a steel vault in public.
nothing like two great rides to chase the blues away 3 my horses
A rescue?
hell yeah!
Widmer Brothers Hefeweizen is slightly tart, with fresh malt  good bitterness.
Refreshing!
Of course  and I knew that!
What can I say  foiled by a typo.
Hackers are still spamming me and telling me people are saying bad things about me.......
thanks for the RT
And my day is getting worse and worse.
Hey Hey long time no talk but always keeping up with u !!!
Let's catch up soon.......
most girls right now would be everything i said to him was lie anyway..yeah,not me.
i dont take back anything i said.
how close was Peyton in becoming the Packers coach?
Thank God!!!
Time to pass out.
Not sure I can even manage to squeeze reading in first.
So tired, and long couple days ahead....
I hate it when my teacher is being a total dick...
Specially after Such an awesome weekend :3.
I loved 10 Inch Hero, Jensen was amazing!
I will have it at work today, in case you stop by :
Omg I'm having an amazing night hahaaha
ik she came out of her cave we went shoppin today together
Ok from my last tweet I didn't get his name right.
All I know is that I feel like a school girl when I talk about him.
Lol
Hughes pitched better tonight.
But he still hasn't gone that deep into any games.
Not even 6 innings tonight.
We need more
Just realized i tweet the boys at the most random times possible..like they arent even on what is this bullshizzle
Separated at birth!
RT : I feel honored that and I tweeted two of the same articles.
Or he stole my tweets ;
Lottery fever is sweeping what is normally a staid and rational office at the press...
What sayeth the DSM IV about that?
Thankyou all for following me!!
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!!
That's amazing!
3
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
Just want this work day to be over.
Grrrr
Mommy dearest found the wire hanger!
Braun should get the night off more often.
I love that!
When u know you know!
I just watched it last night!
She was amazing, I love her best in the devil wears Prada though
shoot i can't lay down all day...
That's why its taking me so long to get better...
That always thrills me and my wallet, too!
And the three rules for presentations are...
come to the talk and find out!
Got a few older ones that shud b looked sum AAU ppl, but I'll keep them plenty busy this summer either way I assure u!!!
thanks so much!
:
I am too she put a beeper on the fridge so it goes off when you open it and I'm not allowed in it.
yes I am 3 years old.
people around you can't comprehend why you do the things you do,or why you fight so hard for something that seems to cause you so much pain
Watching Impact Wrestling....with the mute button on cause it's way WAY better lol.
FSP White FlexFit hats are now ON SALE!
Visit the Shop Now section in Facebook!
Talk that talk bby!!!!!
Hopefully meeting  the rest of one week before my 19th birthday Novemberhurryupplease!!
:D
I want in on all three of those bike rides!
It's almost your birthday, lady!
Crabby cancers...;
Would it be inappropriate to call s presentation friggin' pimp?
Yes?
No?
..
for recapping what a great wk I had  thinking How can I make it better nxt wk?
RT : You tell me: Fridays are !
That's so exciting!
:
Voted 3 on the Best Places to Work in Albuquerque, join Bank of Albuquerque for an Open House on Thursday, January
A3.
To start have a firm strategy.
Social targeting is a great marketing method if you can get your target response.
Thanks for listening and singing after I gave the testimony.
Have a good week.
last slide I willz hack fer tuna
Went and looked around the TTU campus in Cookville.
Is my MLB app going crazy or has 's voice doctorpped an octave?
Still sounds great.
If you're an FIU Panthers fan, you should definitely follow Cool Panther gear!
God.
What malleable dillweeds you are.
you ain't kidding!
29 to win.
Theoretically, a chasable total even with 1 wicket in hand, if PAK just stop batting the way they've been batting this over.
try Camille Armstrong she should know of something.
They say love is the key ...
Somebody changed the lock .
3
WHATS THE WORD BRO IM OUTCHEA!!!
All your life you hear people say it doesnt matter if you win or lose as long as you did ur best etc..
Feels Damn good when u win 1 though.
If the articles linking him to United are accurate appraisals of his ability, he should be scoring overhead goals every game.
Haha
: Im going to call you Classy Cody; PureClass good I idea; i like it: Soph
Duplications of my new music will be done today, so i can send to radio stations.
exciting stuff for sure
cuz he locked up
alright, I'm outta here.
catch u kids later.
xo
I know u r a librarian and all, but you would be the best Indy bookstore proprietor.
I would go broke buying books from you.
No more live stream...
Sorry!
Hugs are good!
RT : They don't hate you, they just need a hug.
's Jason Duty on negative online commenters.
I think im going to bed.
Night
GREEKS FREE TONIGHT  INFERNO!!!
COME HELP THE AKAs CELEBRATE THE GRAND FINALE!!!!!!!!
Sorry if that story was misleading to say that people would have to pay interest while still in school.
Perfect!
I'll see you at SBUX next Wednesday!
Yeah, finally!!
f BrazilLovesAustinMahone f
Don't know what I want but I know it's not you Keep pushing and pulling me down to you,When I know in my heart it's not you
is right.
Our side had better start fighting back, and hard.
America can't afford to lose this war.
All that lol
Hope you enjoy it!
FF David Garland  the 1 nonboring business show!
I LOVE his show.
new Jamiroquai and new Eve6!?
what is this the early 00s?!
the Justin beiber freak out was probably the best thing I've seen on the jumbotron all season.
Too funny!
surabaya,lo pi?
To work in Hollywood, an actor needs to be on purpose  be on fire.
The trick is to keep going through the rejections and no agent help.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
: :
sorry but the site is down due to project overload.
DM me and I'll link you to my personal site
Weve got pizza.
What you got?
My mom treats me like I'm a criminal when I'm on the computer all day.
At least I'm not like most teenagers getting high right now.

BROOK DA STREETZ MUSIC GROUP LOVE YOU FOR THAT MENTION SO WITH ALL RESPECT SHOT OUTS TO YOU
Am I the only one that likes goosebumps..?
Part of me doesn't wanna go to sleep yet
HE GOT 2 CHAINZ...
I GOT 2 EARRINGZ...
WHICH MEANS I'M STILL IN THE GAME...
;0
Love your photography!
Nice to see what you've been up to since Hercules.
Hug to U.
our CEO is also trapeze adept...
Day 1 of our 1st camp of the summer in the books.
Felt great being on the court
you are neither an alley nor a shrimp!
FREE PHOTO SHOOT to the person who refers my 500th follower...just tell people to follow me...so easy!!
Our pleasure  thank you!
Novak seriously needs to chill with the discount double check
within reasonable time, and the question also grammatically implies new
What's your favorite way to spend the weekend?
Thank you Anne Holliday and WESBAM in Buffalo, NY  great interview!!
Love your show!

will be organizing another ArtsTechSF for March!
Perhaps you could make March your once a year :
I wear baseball caps a lot.
Especially when the top is down on the car or I'm playing golf.
Pima County's redistricting committee nothing but a dog and pony show
I have no idea X and random but can you put any earing in your cartelige or is there a specific cartelige ring????
Kudos for plugging
Thought I was a master of collective nouns, but didn't know the crash of rhinoceri.
Dance of deadlines, though: just right.
Thx.
JVR and SIMMONDS are Horrible.
The Flyers havent been the same since JVR came back.
my lover, my life.
Take a shot 4 me
Learn what works and what doesn't...
has got to be the laziest marketing copy of all time.
Right up there with now more than ever...
Actually there is a WineChat that started on Sundays but I think it is on Mondays now during other chats.
wait what?
Hahaha
thanks for the follow.
Do you know what's the latest on the Aqib Talib trial?
It starts soon...?
I would officially like to welcome to the Twitterverse.
2Tall2Fall!
Senator Marty: when old people have been up too long.
Puppies are so freaking cute!!!!
ooh...
you're up against Harvey.
Maybe if I stand in the right place I can hear you both.
Well, I'm glad you're feeling a little better anyway.
:
I watched it too..
kinda...
the volume wasn't on...
I probably would've cried if it was on though.....
you know how I am...
yes they are.
Thanks!
We can't wait either.
Shouldn't be long...
Patchy frost around town.
More likely west of downtown.
Lows in upper 30's.
Sunny once again tomorrow with temperatures reaching low 70's
Second cup of coffee for the day addicted 
Helping kids is what we do!
We would love to have ya make it happen with us.
Check us out!
ah...you better tweet some more..
I'm soo hungry!
he'll be back for the finals we good
My show Dino Dan coming this fall on Nick Jr : giggles
That played out pretty much exactly as I had feared it would.
Still, nice, and unexpected, run
windin' down from the long weekend...
work tomorrow.
us three are no longer friends
Paul George throwing it down
The fact that Nerlens is announcing in the coolest way possible makes me want him at UK even more.
How ya been?
City just said it plans to introduce police reports showing the area is unsafe, and 7 witnesses
OMG, I have never worked with a worse carrier  can't answer an iphone question  three different opinions.
I'm sure it will and we can't wait
Have a doctornk.
clink Found the Bud Light.
I wish I cared more, but I guess it just doesn't mean much to me.
I'd have trouble naming the last five winners
Thanks to all of our friends for your support yesterday!
We are so fortunate to have this opportunity and amazing people to share it with.
Boyfriend dump me for my enime why some guys have to be jerks
Join us tomorrow night for Cafe Bohemia's Wetback by Elaine Romero directed by Samantha Wyer in the intimate setting of The Temple Lounge!
Common sentences I hear.
who's Carlos?
he's my phone.
He has his own name.
And a cradle in my car
Where have u been?
Being a social entrepreneur these days isn't just GREAT!
I haven't paid 4 a lunch in 2 months.
People invite me 2 share ideas  eat 4 free!
I'm digging through the crates!
The rain has cleared and there's a lovely breeze here at Club50!
Join us tonight for HappyHour!
Still love Ferris B...cute..wish Cameron would have been along for ride in the Honda
if i text you back even once you should feel honored because im an awful texter
I was a skeptic until she found me a convenient repair shop when my bike chain snapped on my ride home yesterday.
RiseNGrind First stop Starbucks so I can make it through the day!
Something bout' a truck..
It's all good except it misses !
Hows B.Wood?
x
4 more to get to 800 followers, anyone fancy giving me a hand?
Thanks for the follow !
RT : .
regents just voted to help fund Austin med school.
Huge step toward modern health care system....
jdibi 2alla yekhdak...
apple is ahead of who wle?
samsung is the world's biggest smartphone manufacturer.
Can't even get on right now!!!
The site is that jammed!!!
Headed to Rupp in a few hours!!!
the abuse has taken on twitter this morning, welcome to the real world
smh looks like ur orlando magic gon have a short playoff run my boy
My cousin's husband broke his threeyear silence with me.
Asked me if his motherinlaw's margaritas were made with a mix.
The difference between you and God is that God doesnt think Hes you.
Anne Lamott.
RT
Kenny King and Rhett Titus are backstage.
They express their disappointment that they have to wait even longer for their title shot.
Girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions,  an education, because 10yrs from now swag isn't going to pay the bills.
Sometimes u just get tired of certain people...just fed up with the constant bs.
Corey!
Love me the long ball!
Why is the tornado alarm going off....?
u know Jack u and sweety make a gorgeous couple lol she's on my professorle page right now lol
Friday night.
Fallout: New Vegas.
Heaven.
Slow down
'if you want to really do a good job at urban affairs coverage, love it.' 'you can learn what you don't know.'
Horny as hell!
Need to get fucked...
Ben Sheets patrolling center field for the Brewers today.
Coldplay.
For those of you who are hating go ahead and see them live.
Life.
Changing.
Now Look At What You've Done!
just got it!
i will watch the view for you
Oddly enough, starting class w/one of Matt Groening's School is Hell comic strips turns students into a happy, almost heavenly group.
I was not cooking no reason.
So true!
Just shopped at the Indian School store with my wife tonight.
Love the staff there
The next seasonal beer styles I will anticipate are hefeweizens, wheat ales and dunkelweizens which are summer beers.
Skip the spring!
At least you have me.
: theatremajor
i really think if i died right now no one would care
It's Friday, Friday...but what is even better is reminiscing about 90210's musical guests back in the day at the Peach Pit.
where are those JJR tshirts online to buy we heard about?
Dang...!
NOTHING'S FINE, I'M TORN.
3 hours left to come buy some !!!
Come through and show some LOVE!
AWESOME.
Some really really good things in it.
My sister just brought me sushi from Bonsai 3
Can't ever go wrong with Dolce and Gabbana and Louboutins.
Why can't you buy a Kindle Fire?
I did read online the critics calling out the metaphor, not that you are a critic ...
gah.
I don't stalk people on Facebook I just want to no what they r doing all the time.
kianna said go home!
RT : First day of exams and a bittercold day on the Hilltop.
Perfect day to stay warm and study  good luck everyone!
I would have presented at FLACon2012 this year, but they denied my application for Librarians  Pantsuits: a Match Made in the Stacks
: I like chocolate cakes.
I like that.
And so on.
So we didnt have any illusions about communism.
Quite obviously.
Proposal to shorten election day voting hours shot down ...
again
It's no way I'd be a street hustler today because they dont make any .
You'd come out better working  McDonalds.
James Bond 3
I think a titanic account followed me just cuz Leo DiCaprio is my bg...
Wow  small world sometimes isn't it?
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great week!
Dam im tired as shit that black ops be havin a nigga up all night
hey im down to link up.
Dm me your number.
And wer can i check out ya musik
GOSY hit a high of 120 Hats off to the editor another triple digit winner
HOW U BEEN
I hope someday to get a mom of my own and experience this counting
omg cute.
Especially proud of our partiallyhometown hero Mark Ruffalo, who seriously mastered Bruce Banner/Hulk, balancing terror  comedy perfectly.
Goodnight Dashawn 3' :' I couldn't even talk too you.
'sad moment ' :
Read at RADAR tonight at 6pm at the library?
I'll pay you 100!
Yes, the hound was strange, but not as strange as Irene Adler
I hate these lonely nights...
doctorving out of the school parking lot blasting Getting weird looks.
Its hot as hell outside today
A4 FutrChat Get comfier with food in the spaces!
I'm not talking messy bbq
Thanks for the FF!
Today I am truly thankful.
Thank you family.
RT : My favorite quote happens to be from Ted Turner, Early to bed.
Early to rise.
Work like hell and advertise.
Looks like you got hacked!
more followers everyday good looking yall
My bestfriend be laughing at everything i fckin say
ha!
smartass holiday greetings
TWITTER CONTEST!
We are giving away 3 fabulous prizes.
A Brazilian Blowout, a 1 hour Swedish Massage, and a Classic Mani!
Oh yeah, my car thermometer is reading 11, CrAzY!
Thank you friends, fam, contributors, Affiliates.
WomenBuild2012 doing SocialGood globally and in the clouds.
im not ignoring u shut up
Happy birthday to the amazing, phenomenal !
White Bear PR will be heading to SXSW next month!
March 1114.
Please let us know if you'll be there.
lakers forever baby!!!!
Meh my life is ok....boring lately i wish i could take some salsa and pour it on my life to spice it up :D
In MKY, hanging with Patrick O'Rourke in the LA, good times!
I'm related to the de la Pole family.
Edmund de la Pole, Countess of Salisbury  Henry Pole were relatives who were killed.
Boo!
we will take all the thoughts and prayers we can get!!
I'll pass them along!
Thanks!
Food trucks are so cool the lines are at least 30 Mins long.
awh thanks girl love and miss you.:
where do you put all the sausage?
Lightning and Prince Digo  Hongs HQ today.
Atom 1 presides over day1 of guitar overdubs.
work on PetScans continues...
I'm bringing a stack of logs to burn under my desk tomorrow.
cool where dis u get it done?
blah.so.BORED.tweetme D lol
Portillos is going to get ransacked by my mouth.
So glad about Theodore and Garrison back tonight!
Awesome news :
DON'T SLEEP DINGBATT IS COMMIN SOON....
Grandmas are the BEST
holy hell.
Where oh where can I still buy Fresca?
I am so tired man.
I'm seriously sitting here, doctornking coffee and laughing to myself about how tired I am.
you have gorgeous eyes sweetie.
yay!!!!
: Only 44 days until the 2012 Summer Camp Music Festival!
THERE SHOWING A MOVIE ON MTV AM I ON THE RIGHT CHANNEL?!
WUT
Nope idowhatiwant and don't forget the fuzzy house slippers.
I gotta walk her, I'm doing it my way.
Love to see u, all thing beautiful in Brooklyn visit their event info Soho guess who will be there next weekend?
He would be a penniless hack.
Once a hack, always a hack.
Why are the numbers on a calculator and a phone reversed?
: Don't ever change yourself for someone, if they don't appreciate the way you are, find someone who will.
Please let me know if we can bring you anything tomorrow.
I'm going in late, so could stop by in the AM.
Can't wait for Sunday!
We'll be giving 1000 Off room rentals at at booth 304.
Please Share!!
We would love to talk with you about doing an episode on what we are doing in the neighborhood of Oliver in Baltimore City.
Cats take out Texas :p
Government taking you backwards...sounds standard?
Lovely shutout, Lundqvist!
I feel like it would be insulting to Mother Nature not to enjoy some wine on this glorious day.
Good Morning all.
Hope everyone is having a good morning!
Have questions about your upcoming event?
Need ideas?
Give us a call!
Hello Metroplex !!Black Friday today !!
everybody has been since midnight buying C U 2NIGHT  Mambocafé Dallas !!
2012 Music Goals Part II: 1 Tour 2 Perform 3 doctorp 2 more dope videos 4 Clothing/Shoe/Cosmetic deal 5 Find new management
Kind of mesmerized by 's perfectly texturized hair.
Going to request messy twists for my next blowoutsick of my loose waves!
When u can tell who farted in class lol
Enjoying the wbagala in Madison!
Bunch of radio  TV people in WI all doctorssed up.
Wait, TV peeps always look good
Boring ass Friday.
I was surprised!
She's too sweet
Learning about file formats and bit rot/corruption issues...
we went from policies to practice in record time.
So you live on SI doing the same old shit with the same old people, you're dirty as fuck, and you wanna act cocky?
Tech field day starting with Kaminario
Cabby strikes out the side!
still need your help getting MLK day off
thank you!
Love all ya'll!
XOXO
Hope everyone is getting ready for classes, and what better way than to join us for an afternoon of Chinese coffee and treats!
8/17  3:00
Those are fun...
Nailed it!!!!
I woke up this morning and said: Today is going to be a good day :
TwitterCrushes are LOVE THEM they are all so talented and very sweet :
He Hit His Head.
But Soon As I Pulled Out That Icecream Sandwich He Shut Up 
At The Focus in Huntington, WV with ICRIS, Gorilla's of Gospel and Dizz...hip hop in da WV!!!!!
my last day is on Thursday and I get out at 3:30...I'm home now though ha I got a ride ....
Donald doctorver is one I my alltime favorite packers .
Very happy for that guy.
just liked your fb page and followed you on tumblr!
xx.
we don't like to brag, but you can!
thanks!
Dan's My Turn, Lakefront Brewing, Milwaukee: bronze in Baltic porter
It took something no one wanted in order for something to happen that everyone needed.
Powerful word from
Watching the Grammys and doing my taxes.
Why would someone describe themselves as a cereal entrepreneur?
Are ToastyOhs that professortable?
What?
Oh, serial.
Okay.
let's make a fort!
def ate and doctornk too much but trip was so fun.
Downtown is awesome.
Can somebody tell me what is doing in Miami?
lol cuz obviously hes not going to answer me .
sadly.
Agreed, NBA is over ratted!
: : F the NBA.
College ball is so much more worthwhile anyway.
The wise saying...changes lives...
Just unfollowed someone for saying who the heck is Bon Iver?
i wish we didnt have to!
I miss the way he always pinched my face when he said nice to see you.
Such a wonderful soul
Welcome to our favorite spot in Texas
That's not why I'm asking.
Just remembered I had wanted to read it.
!...You se attack the block?
So pumped for the ripper dog!!!!
damn that insulating foam!
once the straw breaks, its worthless.
ugh.
Failure.
Spectacular failure.
Also shame related to failure.
Will be having another informational meeting today at noon for people looking to get involved!
servemarketing RT!
but they did eventually take your money, I'll bet.
Cool, just let me know
I hate the way grass smells when it gets cut...
Crossing off summer TODO lists.
I've trained my eyes to scan for ink density, and ignore beyond a threshold
so sickly.
:
JESSE MCCARTNEY IS MAKING NEW MUSIC.
ehmagawdtimes3 !!
Vans book signing tonight was AWESOME with Van Doren, Alva and Cab.
Got new Vans as a gift from Van Doren.
Pics tomorrow :
thanks for the ff...
How u doin
I don't know how to process that
RT if you are a Mahomie and you are online?
3
Remake love.
RT Love doesn't just sit there like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
Greetings everyone!
I miss you buddy
do you tweet all your articles?
I want my life to be interrupted when you post something.
Workout.
Check.
Cup o joe.
Check.
Breakfast.
Check.
Feeling great.
Check.
Winning........always :
Sounds like Madison is a bit too north but I'll keep my eyes/ears open for anything that might fit!
Sunday is time!
Tune in for laughs w/Dan and Casey.
See www.nursetalksite.com for details.
oh you will be the first to know!
Probably in reference to his 3iron.
your supposed to be there for me right now but your just not going to talk to me.
nope, no one.
How about you?
Paterno doesn't coach...he watches the game from the sidelines.
ah I love someone like you!
It would be amazing if we could play IM5s song!
:D
KING HIT
enjoying this heat and humidity.
Anytime to grab a beer around town
Mother's Day in the Cromartie household must have been a nightmare.
lololool you stupid!
MySpace Updated!!!
Stay tuned for News Block events and song releases!
im great, how are u
the 1st round's on me!
Write without pay until someone offers to pay  Mark Twain
And 49 of apps are found by a search on the app store; 34 from a personal referral.
OKAY CUZ I WAS FINNA TAKE OFF!
U GOTTA SPEAK UP!
LOL
I think I'm going to have to hire some more people to the Photochyck crew.
It's getting harder to do it all by myself.
don't remember the exact syntax for the ln command but that should dump all Chrome's cache files into oblivion.
:
Yeah, but we'd know you'd been REALLY good if it had been for free m/TACOSm/
Now on Netflix Instant: Office Space
3 the new belgian white cider from thanks
Catch me smoking weed where the wild things are!
yea I know, I worked there for 15 hours last Wednesday lol.
How do you like it?
thanks for the follow
I never had this bad of a traffic issue with greyhound, must be a newer doctorver
yeah :/ i never developed a lump or anything though, lol.
Day 2 of MLW12 just about to start.
Adm.
Mike Mullen to keynote.
Doing a shoot at Confluence with team Overweight to Endurance Athletes
look on MARC scheds, generally only board passengers N of Baltimore though
So this is what Cat Scratch Fever looks like ...Pure Hate and Ted Nuggent now has it....
NRA may catch it GOP has it.
RT : Any fans of the movie Morning Glory .....
i thought it was pretty good!
SO I HAVE TO REALLY SIT THRU THIS GAME 
If you see an onion ring  answer it!
Check out and at the Pepsi Lounge.
Hyperventilating is awesome.
Connor are you pumped for your prom that doctorw is going to?
TONIGHT: Naked Third Thursdays at !!
Great lineup:  more !!
It's going 2 be CrayCray !!
Do you have a peanutfree night this year?
My room smells like nothing but sharpie.
can't sleep because all of these damn bitches.
ugh I feel so sorry and I hate them all
You and me both, sister.
The New Hit Single Break Me DownFeaturing Timothy Haze will finally be leaked to the public Tomorrow  2pm I hope everyone enjoys it!
Sorry  meant to include !
if that were actually true why no, you know jobs?
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs?
I hate them.
I've got all weekend.
Being healthy to us means being active in our community's future through volunteering.
This year's tight job market is likely to be a small blip on Gen Y's otherwise positive life trajectory.
HBR
may I have the country of origin?
And could you use it in a sentence?
The whole thing makes me laugh.
Every sentence is a joke.
happy birthday!
Last chance to shop for Mother's day!
Come get her something she'll love at Bath  Body Bistro!
We've got what you need!
sorry to be a bummer on such a beautiful day, but your site's down.
Is it passive aggressive to tweet about not sending passive aggressive tweets?
tell all ur followers to follow me i will follow them back pplllllzzz 3
I'm looking at RNC on seesaw.
That's all you need.
Hashtags on the big screen.
SOLD :
GAMEDAY!!!
opens a huge series at Stetson at 630pm!
Listen on
Good grief, if Walker applied the same math skills at Marquette as he did on WI's job numbers, how did he ever graduate college?
My next goal is to play all the Pokemon games and beat them all.
haha guess so!
I agree and was thinking it has to come to NYC soon too.
If that gets announced, I definitely plan to partake in festivities!
Thanks!
Hope we can construct one of these this spring in Charlottetown
We're submitting your pics, blog posts, new project plans, etc.
from THATCamp Games to the THATCamp proceedings this weekend; please share!
Now that song is stuck in my head .
not the same.
Facebook 1 twitter 0
are you ever gonna Skype again?
outnumbered is hilarious!
The romantic poets were a bunch of emos
trust me, no u don't!
It's terrible!
take a shot for me
hey.!
I saw your human billboard today at kiss 98.5.!
It looked really good: I was there too haha
4 more days till my birthday!!
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Scholarship Pageant is this Sunday!!!
Come support these girls!
We need to not forget He is the fulfillment of the Law
Receive new opportunities!
10 Tablas Creek Antithesis Chardonnay.
Classic CA Chard.
Butterscotch, creme brûlée nose.
Continues on palate.
Buttery velvet 94 pts
Hey, I salute you for that.
I can't even watch ASPCA commercialsI start tearing up once I will remember you starts up.
i dontt have any :
Just Happy!!
uhhuuuuuu!!
How do ads impact price?
As much as you would hope.
Strong emotional connection  permission to charge premium.
I'm on the way
Planning a Party???
www.patrickscatering.com
My phone hates me :/
I pray I have tomorrow off
: they didn't fall!
But wasn't it amazing!
: BoomBoomHey : Creep  don't fall!
Absolutely!
hell nah I hopped out the car and ran!
So Customers being extra nice today...
talking bout they love my name..guna name they kids after me n stuff lol o0
Me too!
I sing the praises of the morning people.
But I'm an afternoon/evening crossfitter.
lrnchat are we back to sage on the stage Vs guide on the side Vs no guide and a very sketchy map?
plugged the lamp above my desk into the outlet attached to the lamp and then wondered why it wouldn't turn on....
....
Standing next to the most gorgeous Guy.
:
RT Whoever organised a fun run in the park opposite our house that started blasting music a 7 but was finished by 9 isn'...
lime myself?
I guess I should go look at the new Google everyone is talking about.
I believe he was out at a bar with family back in Mullingar.....I think he met her there.
has a rough workout ahead tonight...
definitely taking it easy until then.
Young yes.
I saw him and he is Top 10.
Staubach I didn't see but imagine he's somewhere on the fringe of Top 10.
Happy birthday Ahman!
I miss seeing you in a Green Bay jersey, but that's life, have a good one man.
Congratulations everyone!
While we're getting rid of legislative evils starting with a D, how about nixing DOMA and the DMCA?
Downloaded a random Travis porter song....
It's the sing I've been looking for like 3 weeks.
AYYYY LADIES!!!!
its great I miss the really young cody ;
Look at his stat line in 1956
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?
Whenever I hear someone on KUT talk about this donor wall I hear the stoner wall
you hear the mixtape bro ?
RT The Simpsons have iPhone :O
Some people amaze me.
Really..
Thanks for the FF :D
one of my favorites too
sadly ive seen worse
ran out of soy milk today, so i had to use cream YUK!
tasted like vomit!!
Thanks for the interesting information.
Do you know if Texas and Virginia are among the 12?
There can be no such thing as writer's block in the next 48 hours
Structuring your business around a firm set of ethics is key.
Make it an expression of your path!
watching Lekan figure skate as the princess on the wii was priceless!
That winter olympics game is fun!
Tread me like a joke  I'll leave you like it's funny.
lol, not sure the urban dictionary is the definition I go by!
Only 3 more days until VMworld !!!!
Join for the exciting release of the groundbreaking technology of SkySAN booth  1248
I've seen 3 such emails so far RT MoveOn sends out fundoctorising email for Obama pivoting off marriage equality shift
Thanks DJ MissBehave!
Even if doesnt notice me i'll always be his fan and i will always love how hes such a great inspiration for everyone I 3 U:
We are still hoping that and Brew Master Jeremy will be pouring at the Art of Beer.
Only time will tell though!
11:11 use it wisely.
I know what I'm wishing for.
tell your brother to text me back!
i miss him :
duck my sick 5 times then...
Make my day!
lunch fail
perfect!
Thank you so much.
There are so many cool jobs that use a creative philosophy or touch on it.
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
What a good day:
Perhaps an expectation, but also a potentially useful point of brand distinction, i.e.
HBO above the allyoucan stream fray.
hey to u too :
Pulling out the meh card when you don't know how to fight back in an arguement.
yeah...
happy valentines day to you too....
Someone text or call me since nobody else has time for me couqh couqh
thank you!!!
Cheers for the friendship too!
Later today I'm going to share links to my favorite software that doesn't get much press opensource stuff  things not from the majors.
:
: ' doing his superman thing again.
HateThatGuy Thanks!
And sorry?
ohh the other one i had, i deleted that one i believe.
DISCLAIMER: the views expressed by and his quintonisms r solely his.
although if you knew quintin, u would share his view too
Beach  success
2012 is my year...
time for a comeback!
What's wrong with that woman?!
:
I'll try to represent the bottom bracket against
tell your laptop it isn't them..its you :
uh oh
happy birthday Callie
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
Preparing to speak at Stout Field for the INARNG's State Chaplains Conference about The American Legion's TFA, EAF,  CEW's EFAP
When I go to concerts I always like taking odd items to have the band/artist sign them..
To see the reaction is the best!
What is ur item?
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I think he would love it!
:
Having an iPhone means you spend a year and a half terrified of breaking it  another 6 months kind of hoping you do.
I'm not a philosopher, so I don't concern myself with questions like How many Oreos is too many?
lol...every time Oregon kicks off the ball, I expect to hear she's a maniac in the background.
Paid 15 / 24 hrs to use the wifi on my laptop in my room at the hyatt.
If I also want to connect w/my ipad, I have to pay another 15.
I hate this class can school be over
thanks Dean!!

thanks for posting!
Going to be dancing at the Hollywood Music in Media awards tomorrow night at the Highlands Nightclub at the Kodak Theater!
if u go on eBay I have this picture.
Item ID
Happy Easter everyone!
Looking forward to our morning of celebration at Solana Beach Presbyterian.
Good choice for a song with Clay Walker!
Are you and gonna follow this year's doctorft, or are you done watching?
I  Gavin Degraw for a long time.
Thanks for giving him good air time DWTS!
I don't run away from problems, but I would rather kill them than solve em
Corporatism is not Capitalism
yes sir!
not that i didn't know it was coming, but seeing that bent got canceled still makes me sad
tuesday morning i was bit by a dog on my forearm.
why do my shoulder muscles hurt so much, too?!
ugh.
did you know...that..
I love you :
I agree.
At this late stage yes.
2 months ago it would have had more impact.
Spent 12 hours leading an intensive f2f class this weekend, envisioning how much better it could have been online.
That is pretty cool!
Not sure I would do that with my collection but it is pretty amazing.
Want to go see the next game?
use www.TooUtravel.com to book cheap travel!
Even two glasses don't have much effect on me, but I tell you what does ...
student achievement.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
Playing universal Blues Brothers show today ......let the show began ......
wow!
i've never heard of 'mowhere'.
is that a division 3 school?
we could've probably gotten a lineman/receiver and gotten Weeden at 37.
the guy is 29 years old.
Catch Curator Ben Thompson Saturday morning on in the 7am hour.
He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
.
oh!
Please please!
I can't wait :D

been there before bro.
Testone will win
Just got yelled at for not picking up the phone, after I told my wife I was going to the movies
Im still trying to figure out twitter...then again I hate my cell phone time for an upgrade!
told ya haha
It doesn't matter how good anyone looked last night.
It's how much fun you had.
if you didn't have fun, you may as well have worn a bag.
Gahh Florence is coming to Merriweather in Sept?!
Must get tix!
If you want to learn how they work, watch TSMTheOddOne's Twitch TV channel.
He's a top player and the best at explaining.
Where's all my sunshine ladies
shit i don't know how to make a work cited page!!!
Dear Face Wash Commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that.
Sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.
Why does it always take a break up to get me to man up and get a new tattoo or piercing?
RT : On line audition coaching sessions available soon!
Email: for more information.
pic?
love it...looks great!!
Sitting at the gate at the airport and my regular 5am alarm went off.
agreed that the omissions here are striking.
awww i miss you too : I miss oomf
You too!
RT : Be well and enjoy the weekend!
Happy Birthday!
What a great way to celebrate....seeing BA!
bestbirthdayever ;
Which blog posting platform do you find most useful for imagebased academic blogs?
Scholarly bloggers, please weigh in!
Do you have me coming on tomorrow's show.
If so what time?
I'm good whenever
Its a damn shame you starting off the summer like this.
Haha but hey, I'm used to it.
Hey we're from Portland!
And that's a great review.
Congrats to Ben!
The W Hollywood poppin off tonight Where you ?
Tempted to install the OS X Mountain Lion Developer Preview for the AirPlay Mirroring feature.
Can't wait for this...
nothing it aint my fault im hot stuff ; haha i miss you we need to hangout
Thanks, Nancy!
This Saturday I was suited up and had a Ted Mosbey moment.
Back to the scene of the crime...next Saturday
Shouldn't have done that.
I bother you too much.
I'm sorry.
and u would think correct
you had me going on the Rapid City job, i have to admit  i was like oh that's cool, there's gold in them Black Hills
I'm in such a good mood for my birthday the rain isn't even bothing me right now
Haters gonna hate keep killin em money
love the hash tag itsagame  nice work
I know!
Yes, a Frenchie named Norman.
There are some pictures on our professorle if you want to see the mascot in action!
Blah Blah Blah Im Just Haven Funn
3 I'm done I'm through I really really hate you !
Wow.
: In the 12 hours since Bubba Watson won the Masters, he has picked up 1 Twitter follower every 2.6 seconds.
U /go play Champagne  Chickenheadz!
Even if there was rain, at least I could test my Viva Glam Gaga...
3 For me, it was waterproof.
I love you !!!
3
let me guess?
O'Hare???
You're a world traveler!!
Sounds great!
Email me at and we'll set up an interview!
: Thanks so much!
ODP soccer, Congrats : My niece in Maryland is on an ODP team,
Spring break is a thing of the past...
:
I hate when people think bc theyre thin that theyre healthy.
Just bc you play xbox all day, eat like shit and weigh 110 doesnt mean your fit
Thank you, muchly.
done and done.
Youi mean, that guyhave ur first follower
Studio tomorrow, time to start recording for the full length : check out the EP here!
www.soundcloud.com/Iamforyou
I've already forgotten.
What was it really?
I will forever be able to vibe to Lights Please.
thanks for the love, dude!
hope you're doing well!
Did you have a chance to see the King Tut exhibition on your trip to The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy?
happy birthday hun c:
Another Florida team bites the dust!
So happy Florida Gators r heading to Sweet 16.
Just woke up from the best doctoram ever,  I were hanging out!!
:
Back in office , in business mode...
LOL i think blah i tried
3 3 thank you sweet sweta.
when are we seeing each other??
The funnist thing to see on the bus Is a fat bitch with a big burger king bag
I've never had a BoyFriend!
Never had a first kiss!
Nothing like that!
Don't even have a friend that is a Boy!
Maria
Raining again two days in a row...finally!
Hope it rains enough to help put out the damn fires fingers crossed
Keep Voting!
Made a really delish chicken noodle soup tonite...
W/ grilled cheese sammys on sour dough...
M Soup!
I read this tweet in my sleep and thought it was too good to be true.
I want in on the next brainstorm sesh.
Bucks fans, Are you not going to the Bucks games because of their record, the building, or OTHER?
Other  SJax
larry david i've missed you...excited about curbyourenthusiasm and duh
Ellie Goulging's Starry Eyed is getting popular...
even though it's old ahaha
Watching Brides Maids
going to school singing say somethin'
I love you all :
I'm not living if you're not by my side.
To what do I owe the distinct honor or your twitter follow Ms.
Cairns?
And we were joined by the TWU Local One Hundoctord
I love that feeling when someone tells me ive been loosing weight.
Im so proud of myself and feel so accomplished.
:'
you know it.
They really weren't ready
Cant win a race
Mad as shit that my 2k game broke
I know my audience
R.i.P Knicks
Justin who?
FUTURE HATER IS HOT NERD GLASSES ARE HOT JOGGING SUITS ARE SICK.
LOVE YOURSELF BABY,

it's not even my birthday 
Plus it's been a min since I last got tatted
tx for RT Chas  obviously a cause and Post near and dear to my heart!
that sucks : :
About to knock out.
Up and at it early....good friends kid has first communion and then a party.....church on Saturday and I'll be doctornking early.
I really like...if it becomes a series, let me know!
will be the millennial generation panelist at the next Chamber Business Growth meeting.
Time to get that suit pressed.
The former, please.
Outofdate Tweetdeck seems to be best.
And that's ridiculous.
Up this speech tomorrow..
Does Google Docs no longer let you print out 3 slides per page with notes?
tyler perry's why did i get high?
Brewers players taking BP here at Miller Park, sight for sore eyes.
Like we say, Its for when your real life needs a real wake up!
From Shoot Us Down
91 left of 687 entrants at Jax WPT Event 1  I have 55k just about average.
70 make the  and Jax more than doubled the guarantee !!!
Have you ever wondered how to get lower credit card interest rates?
Visit www.CreditCardNegotiations.com
Shake it shake it like your supposed to, if you know your getting over...tell'em copy copy over!
CopyPaste DIGGY ;
Only....
If I can have some whip on it.
I always want to warn them to turn back now because it's not too late for them....
:
why was orabrush video so successful?
good length, funny, fast moving, educational, call to action.
My goal for the day: fix the economy and legalize marijuana
Not happy with my performance today.
Record is now 52.
Mainland  University better be ready.
taking any interesting classes?
Spent the entire day watching reruns of my favorite Asian TV doctorma.
Those were the Meteor Garden  Full House days.
Gettin lifted as
Israeli officer reassigned after striking activist  Jewish Telegraphic Agency
bottom of the 11th!
LETS UP GO CARDS!
so u don't care keeping me around...ok fine
Agreed.
Also nice that you didn't block out the media or arrest reporters.
Oh My!
another week is soon to pass!
what memory can make this week last?
Big questions for the small mind.
Are you following 2 of our awesome shows?
and You should so you can be awesome too!
when you got tired of being invisible
I always fall for your type.
im a girl
Being faithful to your boyfriend or girlfriend should be common sense.
WE BUY GOLD  SILVER !
WE PAY MOST IN KENDAL !
is preparing latkes for 400.
Need A LOT of POTATOES.
RT : This day will happen whether you participate or not!
face it embrace it
Yeah, parallel lines on a slow decline is incredibly sad.
One of his best lyrics.
I promise I'll stick to my time limit this year
blessed , I say that humbly, I am nothing without God.
GNightGodBless
Wisconsin, you are such a tease.
Bring back the warm weather please..
Awesome!
Thx Mathias.
Let us know if u need more product.
im guessing the power in town went out?
lol its all over FB!!
We are at having our 1st DC Fundoctoriser helping to raiseoney for our Fashion First Program taking DC students to NYC!!!
What the eff?
We just had an earthquake!!
i gotta be on twitter more , ctfu , smh
MANS WORSE ENEMIES ASSUMPTION AND PERCEPTION WE AS HUMANS ALWAYS ASSUMING AND PERCEIVING THINGS WRONG OR DIFFERENT THEN THEY REALLY R.
ha!
convergence...
Suggestion: take a nap.
Two possible causes tonight of sleeping during game: offense, lateness.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope, has everything.
Who's there?
A fasterthanlight neutrino.
Knock knock.
FF the fab TEDxAdMo team in charge of Change!
doctorw takes Care.of my lightwork
Tired of being tired
Welcome to Nashville!
Hope you and your fam are more than wonderful!
Family pictures today: if it stops raining!!!!:/
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Pablo Picasso
had a wonderful night!
: dancing away3
And happy Grand Floral Parade Day to You Too!
:
Just saw , absolutely hilarious!!!!
MaineIsLame ;
wat it dew
easily the best sock every...
and the reason why Giovanni is hands down the best gift giver!
Proudly serving Rishi Tea!
MT : Glad to be partnering w/ !
Have a cup of tea w/ dinner at any of their restaurants
i can verify this.
i was there.
i forget lol i think its looking good idk remember
dude I just texted you.
Yearly  change is too much.
No one is home and I'm starving to death waaahhhhh :
last class before finals!
still can't believe it's over.
going to miss everyone so much!
Like this post if you are sore from Monday's workout.
OUCH!
Back after 2 week break, only took 3 days for too much going on meltdown.
Recommendation for overall project mgr software or system?
are you serious?!!
Thanks, that's good to hear, all is well and I've missed you also and look forward to seeing you again, soon...
Rivera's the greatest to ever play his position, so you gotta go to Mo'
last night visiting in maryland, cap it off with some luxury cable television.
sadly, I don't believe that she does
Don't make excuses
Thank you Jayhawks for a peaceful night of sleep
Enjoying my son daughter in law and granddaughter.
will graduate from doctorw seminary on saturday
Yeah bro, great heart...: yo...
Way to bring it tonight kid
Happy Star Wars Day folks!
she so pretty , ill love to keep her .
I'm tryna go through some odd numbers of 'Ace Of Spades' this summer ..
Only did 2 last summer ..
Catch us next time.
Best ever Chocolate Cherry Martinis!
WOWZERS!
Trayvon God takes folks we love, to honor them, to raise them up, and to teach us how little we appreciated what we had when we had it.
haha thats because they're awesome :
We're excited, too!
RT : Excited to meet schoolhealth partners: , , , ,...
Your jersey says your last name but your mine son!
iBeInTheGameOn4thInches
Oh snap Christmas is this week already!!!
Hope ya'll r ready.
Hmm....what do they miss about Ireland'solden times exactly?
Having your sex tape end up on America's Funniest Home Videos would probably be worse.
Happy Friday!
Since Death Cab For Cutie is in Seattle the same day you are, it's only natural that you play So Much Closer together, right?
Lesbian voice?
I love it too but my god the lows are intense haha.
the sneaky gallstone thanks you :
I've got two boys cooking for me right now.
Not a bad turn of events for the night.
LOL stupid groupie!!!
Hilarious!
I have some bad ones myself.
If I find one, I'll post it.
I have no problem humiliating myself if it gets a laugh!
Four hours is possible.
You know you want to go.
;
Another interview, another chance for Nugent to be a disgusting human being.
I need a haircut.
Or a need head.
Either one.
sadly many analysts would say otherwise
Lovin my new phone
God Morning Vieetnaaaam
Additionally, Use It, Or Lose It or Idle lease legislative scheme that hurts our industry was recently introduced in Congress.
Thank you!
Oh gosh, me too.
I am trying to slow down a little so I can savor it.
Plus my work buddies haven't started reading it yet.
nun much just chillin...
wat about u
early black friday sale at beertaptees.com: buy 3 shirts  get 1 free...hurry over to take advantage
Apple employee loses iPhone 5 wapo.st/nQ50OR Don't they have an app for that?
Where's my iPhone Geez.
Stick to the basics, hold on to your family and friends  they will never go out of fashion.
Niki Taylor
I've been at work for 20 minutes.
I set off the alarm and now the police are coming for me!
I sure to love working.
New storefront art display coming to downtown cville soon!
Keep your eyes peeled...
Metallic Gold Adidas Tearaways RT: : What is your most risque fashion moment?
tonight is going to be fucked up!
ccbshows stay golden fool!
you set me u for failure by not beating my eggs properly.
At least I didn't punch you this time?
Q6 quinoa, legumes, barley, soy...
all delicious!
Go, Mo!
RT I'm coming back.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going out like this.
Mariano Rivera to reporters today
Standing behind some chickenheads at GSide.
nice to meet you Ms.
Gould!
Tourism Officials Update Stakeholders and Outline How to Participate: It was also named one of the Top 12 Spots that should be on yo...
I know Kemba Walker has two fouls, but UConn needs to get him back into the game.
They need that goto scoring punch.
wow!
Uve influenced me to be myself and not others how can i thank u?
Will u follow me?
And what can I do o help stop bullying?
Having trouble remembering where your classes are located?
check out the pinpoint map of your classes on campus in the My UW Portal
My Yogi Teabag today: There is a beauty in your presence.
Which is like saying, Well, he's really NICEbut.
i thought i saw a pitbull outside the stadium with a mike vick jersey on
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube.
It would be awesome if you followed me back.
Love your videos.
:
aah, the naiveté of youth.
There is little about getting older to look forward to.
Not even retirement nowadays.
In the sense of academics doing at least some of their work in public, rather than ceding the whole narrative about what we do 
: Well SOMEONE had some extra sugar in THEIR bitchflakes this morning.
um okay?
watching something exciting may increase the heart rate so its like your doing cardio lol
listening to a little Woe, Is Me....He has the voice of an angel sigh rehearsal tonight!
J
At LAX getting ready to head home  great trip, powerful ministry
hey , would u follow ME.
PALEASE
Everyone needs a mental and emotional check up from time to time...
: Fun FACT!
The author or Hunger Games wrote on Clarissa Explains it ALL...
THAT EXPLAINS SO MUCH TO ME lol
Wave your Terrible Towel!
HinesWard on
thank you Dave have a fantastic week
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants...
Anybody want my 8800th Tweet?
Yeah!!!
So happy for you make money RT : Couple more hurdles to jump then the new Anthony Robert Salon will be open for business
Wow there is nothing worse than back pain.
Hope you get better soon!!
is probably the most patient person alive
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Anatole France
off I RT'd that because my favorite musician just promoted and i's website!!!!!
Let's quit school together?
wait and see
Its actually a good friday the 13th
ill hit you up laters ill be on rd getting some NewJbonez today son
good point...
Tired.
But remaining positive and setting the programmable coffeemaker...
Haha.
Budweiser is definitely powered by coffee...
awesome!!
They won that game the day before my 21st birthday SO you know I was one happy girl!!!
Lol ;
my pride won't let me follow this girl back...
thanks coach
While I am not happy about what happened  JP Morgan, at least they did not cover it up.
So I think their honesty should be rewarded.
IM TAKING ALL YOUR QUARTERS!!!!
It's very painful to see your negative personality traits alive in your childoctorn.
Just talked to a Henryville teacher who spent the storm inside the school.
Her car ended up in the library!
Her story at 4.
best lineup ever!
However cash games create more action and are more fun to watch then freezouts.
Prop bets are fun to watch also
My life is a message.
Always and forever a pleasure, Gregg.
And yet you keep thanking me.
:
I believe everybody should get wealthy and famous and do everything they ever doctoramed of so they can see that it is not the answer.
Gene Simmons and Ace Frehley of KISS had lunch together yesterday.
That's it.
Nothing else.
Ace isn't coming back.
Awww man!
So sad to hear about Dick Clark.
You will be truly missed.
SFIFF parties, the only film festival parties where absolutely no one is doing cocaine.
COMING AUG 2329  Art Calendar Reader Appreciation Week!
Join us for prizes, discounts and more!
Stay tuned!
I wasn't planning on doctornking tonight but after finding out Braun will be there on opening day I think I will
Poet S.R.
Lavin in town this Wednesday, Nov.
30th, that's tonight, to read and perform from 7 to 8 pm at Random Row.
Invoking the 2 o'clock rule a little early.
check out the song called bullshit n lemme know what you think.
Reverbnation.Com/paully.
Ok..Yuh made up that title???
forgot to attach the image on that second one 
itsmillertime.
We do it right.
Going to elkins to stay for a few days.....TwitRDone!
My sisters stupid .
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Childoctorn.
So far so fantastic.
It's....
ALIVE!
AnatomyNow is now officially broadcasting.
www.anatomynow.com
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  656
diplomacy giving Iran time to build nukes; Syria is terrorist vs terrorist  Obama wants to see MB terror win.
Always gettin high cuhz I'm to fucced up to deal with life without doctorgs....
What do you call a man with only half a brain?
Gifted.
Morning tweeps so thankful and blessed.
Thank u God
some shit is about to go down.
Always a pleasure to have you over for 5 Mojito monday!
, See you soon!
Alright I believe you.
But why don't you have fan followers?
:
very well done!
Now then, when shall we have dinner again?
I feel so mean , I think the neighbors said good morning , but I couldn't hear them .
.
.
The weaker I get, the stronger I become.
Kevin Millwood is still employed in baseball?
HAPPYBIRTHDAY to my Daddy
That HYFR video looked like they had mad fun!
So pumped for COD modern warfare 2!!!
Today's research...how exactly does one jump rope?
If you txt me back in one word several times maybe I'm not the only boring one
Bite the Ball, Head Across and Wrap Em Up expose the top of the helmet and leads to CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle
GO GIANTS!
Love the idea of creating a remix toolkit class activity: Here's this thing, what can you do with or to it, etc.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
I'm coming!
You just ran!
call me bro gotta holla at cha, i gotta new phone and my numbers didnt transfer
lol I never take you seriously
I'm gonna cry
Hugely successful night for the Young Hollywood Showcase.
We kicked some AAS.
Salon is unbeatable.
lol u are too cute
Haute Taco: Bringing you delicious food, rain or shine!!
Make sure to come down to Schlitz Park today for all your favorite food!
Class is not defined by how you lose, but by how you win.
We all love ya bro kick some Patriot ass this weekend!
of course I will protect you muah
I have tickets to your 2013 tour!!!!
Im so excited!
Watching Revenge with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I've decided it's ok and I'm not worried anymore.
Feeling better every day.
Thank heavens!
Hope you'll visit us again before you go!
MT : sitting outside elephants deli planning our CA move, hell yes!
3
Can't breathe.
Bad allergies.
Yo necesito cough medicine.
I was kidding about Prometheus, but scanning all of that stuff reads like Derek Webb reenvisioning the Matrix.
do you have a link?
When someone truly cares about you.
they stay with you in the good times and the bad...
Real KATT Williams...
Real Will Ferrell
The pain of not being the mayor of Most visit more often.
I'm on the honor roll :D
We're curious: What's on your MoCoBucketList?
What venues, restaurants, heritage sites are on your list to visit?
Happy sunday Twitter nation.
now get out and make it happen.
Were giving it a go.
Goodbye Tulsa!!
Had a great time lastnight was nutso...Austin here we come..quick stop at rons burger chilli!
benevolent Republicans, witty peacocks, nimblefooted manatee
Everytime I hear Eric church's springsteen I crank the shit out of it
Steaknshake says im 6'1 lol......with sum buds today:
When Beane shows his ugly mug, I'll hurl an apple at it.
It will go 52 miles per hour, if I'm lucky, and splatter all over his face.
Nasty!
RT I've been sick over a month.
Cough lingered and now return of sore throat!
Ugh!
Lions doctorft OT Riley Reiff with the 23rd pick in the
it can!
all depends on your location :
Meek mill time!
You guys watching the game tonight?
I love British humor
exiting position in GE
megamillions expected to be 600 million tomorrow.
Wow!
What would you do with half a billion dollars?
I was just getting ready to post a pic I just took of the eggs now that there was a break in the rain.
Check in a few minutes.
well I didn't get to see it because my watch ESPN app isn't working, but I give you a 10 just for going through with it
John Colaprete is the first person to check in through FourSquare at the Alumni Center and receive a Panther Pin.
ok he just foloewed a bunch of ppl and i wasnt one
Ever thought of doing a commercial together?
the acela is full of men in blue shirts using Dells
When people tell me im not going to marry Rickie Weeks 
Back at my desk at UWMadison.
Good to be back!
Watch out todo list!
Guess everyone wanted to work off their Easter candy this morning.
The gym is popping
That may bebut it may not be in another state.
State should determine for themselves
Ah, rejection!
Time to submit to somewhere else .
.
.
.
Effective communication is 20 what you know and 80 how you feel about what you know.
Jim Rohn
of course, hiwifi comes first.
what are u guys talking about?
They accept responsibility and dont sidestep it, but we gets the credit
love u bro.
much thanks for everything.
Happy he is resting now.
train train train love!!!
Hahaha xx
Loving this weather!!
Thank you for RT
Heroes get remembered, legends never die.
hearing my best friend talk to my cat
Nice!
Good job Pats!
Have 1 red, other food intolerances, tested for glutenintolerance/celiac 2x, come back negative.
So, not given.
Thank you and Michael for establishing funds for the UNCF scholarships.
Without you and Michael's support, I would not made it
And once again we take a W :  !
Heat 104 Knicks 94
Thanks for the mention!
Keep on painting  smiling
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us.
TwSIG Reading from James Hilton: Higher Ed is changing because the fabric of inquiry is changing
alright.
do you wanna like go to like the mall?
lol.
last chance for complete nudity around the house before guests arrive.
my new favorite show is cracks me up.
Kind of surprised the interwebs are not sprinkled with confetti in honor of 's birth.
Strange.
We are connected!
Design  vital part of digital scholarship.
Can't separate from content.
A big top o the mornin to all my new Followers!
Mega tweeps Mega !
Thx  for the opportunity to produce ias12.
I love working in service of this wonderful community.
I don't know what's worse: a glutenfree diet or Elisabeth Hasselbeck's personality.
Thank you for making my inescapable crosstown commute just a tad less miserable ;
Patty knew what she was doing riding that bike with a skirt on .
lil loose ahh tryna give everybody a show .
yes I told them your twitter n dah said your pretty n wass up
We sure did!
Any word on the xbox situation for our office?
::wink::
the secret to curb cheat cravings .......WORKOUT HARDER 3 the more you have invested the less you will want to lose it
To toss the coin up, or two toss the salad....
Hm ima go with the salad...
Finite sucks
Scan with your smartphone and see where it takes you!!!
Sore and tired ..
trained Jiu jitsu and striking..
eating sleeping and doing it all again tomorrow
you really gave me a scare!
: Maybe Willard Romney's candidacy is just one of his pranks.
Seriously...cover your heads!
Glendale Court this afternoon.
It's a beautiful day to be in SoCal.
I'm fasting until summer.
I wanna see Cherobyl Diaries, looks pretty intense.
Lol
Horace In adversity remember to keep an even mind.
Sorry I have to miss yet another slpchat.
It seems they're always when we have theater tickets!!
Enharmonic spelling is the tool of the devil.
appreciate it brother.
I love the name Gwyneth.
I was skeptical about that chevy ad until they busted out the twinkies Funny.
Can this night get any worse?
I hope not!
No Bucs game, no pens game, what am I suppose to do with myself on a Thursday night
The Deal with Gluten, Part 3: How to Heal.
Sachem, NY Patch: In most cases however, folks have not eliminated some other common foo...
I am up and ready for work it is time to go get t in..i enjoyed my days off..back to work...:D
FINAL Mem 90 Clippers 88  Clips are headed to Memphis TIP OFF 10 am on ABCTV.
GoCLIPPERS!!!
Just saw a light blue pastel color mini cooper....died.
Grow up!!
This all started long before O came into office!!
Life Fail!!!
:  RT : Hey, anyone know if The Avengers movie is out?
i like red heads to
g BrazilLovesAustinMahone g
I got cold chills when I heard the Hines Ward retirement.
Steelers Nation has the strongest brotherhood around.
Join it or hate it.
should hire someone to be their pedophile expert...
as an SAT analogy, John Clayton:NFL::this person:perv coaches
What a difference an 'l' makes.
In China I've used pubic restrooms, pubic telephones and pubic bicycles.
They're hell to steer.
i hate feeling so alone
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Yup RT : all these gorgeous photos of supermoon and in da' burbs of Chicago it's cloudy :
Watching kevin hart....he is to funny...
I've been thinking....til death do us part...
Vow or goal?
Yep.
Feeling good.
Thanks!
Happy Sunday everyone!
Eric Dompierre is a special person,  yes, so is his story!
Michigan schools: LetEricPlay LetEmPlay.us
But it's so cold in Boston!
I an a shoe Connoisseur!
doctorVE is out on DVD today?
Huh, I guess I'll see what's on TCM.

yeah, there seems to be a lot of opportunity here.
Say the word  we'll be on the case for ya.
:
lucky I didn't wanna get in trouble
Just taking me a listen to the NEW!!!
Eric Church album
Ehh.
Maybe.
But im not gonna look any better than usual besides a doctorss.
:P
blasphemy!
It was in your bag the whole time
your face looks soft o:
Watching The Bachelorette with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
What's your guilty pleasure this Saturday?
Mine is sleeping in and reading, which is great on a rainy day like today!
your keeping my whole class entertained we are ctfu at u and how u keep sliding nicki tweets and she yet to reply to you hahaha!
Getting tired of hearing how well Beavs respond in practice to getting ss kicked in game.
No more pencils!
No more books!
No more STUDENTS' dirty looks!
: Or last official day of classes...
Of course, my answer has nothing to do with machines...
I'm off to a Bday party!
A life time friend feel blessed to have such good people in my life!!
can I get a follow
Everyone is getting engaged so Young!
And I'm still single, something is wrong with This picture..
Skateboarding Part 1
only in a Dem primary could the dead legally vote for an inmate
Colorado ACC Members!
Remember to take this years InHouse Salary Survey by 1/13!
DM us if you need the link
I hate this shiz
I am actually looking forward to getting back to my research.
Hey, you!
and I have been looking for you.
You've been MIA LOL We never got to do our rawsaimin tweetup!
:
I'm going to have to break out my Donna Summer cds, aren't I?
hums Last Dance
RT : Special election day episode as we talk about everything BUT the election  eat w/ instead.
Our pleasure!
:
Josh, shoot me a call when you get a chance, can't seem to find your
Hey Congrats On The New Twitter!!
It's Addicting Huh?!?
Ahaha  I Followed You Cuz Carlos Told Us To :
Free finally
Finally an off night and there's nothing to do..
And I'm bored out of my mind!
How do you think Louisville will handle playing at 10:40 local time?
It's already 8:20?
Where did my night go?
usher at the atm at Coachella, even better!
This is insane!
Flyers starting to doubt?
Another brain dead 10 doctorver...
Will be celebrating my National Chocolate Milkshake Day in Cincinnati in a few short hours.
Sweet!
I'm gonna start a play called RATS
Thanks for the follow and what about starting a NacNak community where you live:
CEO of Invisible Childoctorn arrested for spreading invisible childoctorn in public
RT : will remain hospitalized overnight  UAB medical center in Birmingham.
Will release additional updates...
Justin Verlander was close to pitching 3 or 4 nono this season.
But he beat the birds in 2007 for the first one.
guess im finna cuddle up next to Donovan tonight
When I first saw you, I fell in love...
You smiled because you knew
Wait...Now, I'm really done with minimalist fanmade poster.
They were fun, but now it's gone too far.
are you sure?
We'd love to work with you as well!
Will DM with more info.
I like this guy
Hail and thunderstorm...in Sacramento?
Yes and it's awesome!
Getting a strong seal with your waterproof headphones will make a world of difference
Patrick is Monday, lyndsay is Tuesday, keith is Wednesday and brent is Thursday, we still are looking for our Friday.
Need network solutions for your small/large business?
We offer server managing and other services.
Our hashtag: carmeltweetup.
10 of us at the carmel Muldoon's for lunch.
Okay, I'm gonna put my phone away  talk to folks now.
:
2years ago today my life changed for the better I was blessed with an angel sent from above you are truly amazing my baby I love you happy
Thanks again to all our visitors!
Don't forget the tent special is a limited time offer  DM us if you need a form!
Take your shirts to the cleaners.
Cheap and effective.
;
Sundiata Gaines will start for the Nets for the ailing Deron Wiliams.
Omg , The Movie 'UnLoved' Is So Sad :' Ima Cry !
In case you're wondering, homemade hot fudge and a lil skim milk in coffee is delicious.
Ken Price of Whitman Archive calls for better software for representing fluid texts
I can't believe that only has 1,637 followers!?
That's crazy!!
I'm glad I'm one of them!
The video was amazing by the way!
:
I hope they send our guys and gals back soon with civilian jobs so they can survive the coming home process!!
Its people like you who really make me hate the general population.
wants to go shoot some photos real bad
It's been months since we talked and I just can't seem to just let you go.
know whatcha mean bane
Don't forget that you can get a FAB 30 discount at website until 5/12/12 w/the code IWYS30, to kick off SkinCancerAwareness month!
Be sure to catch us in Lemoyne, PA w/ on May 4th  The Champ.
RT!
Just met a 5 day/week Pact  mission accomplished!
with
sumtimes u have to...
so much for The truth shall set you free...
Presently thinking of ur a ;; Squeeze iWant
Character is a precious thing..difficult to to build but easy to tear down.
Often it is at greater risk in prosperity than adversity.
Give THE KOREAN ZOMBIE A TITLE SHOT!
It's vulnerable to be your true self and let your personality shine...but, it's the only way to true success!
Good idea.
I assume it's one those fans used on movie sets to simulate hurricanes?
Can't wait for WWDC to begin!
that's just flat out awesome
There is no chance that Gilmore will be a better NFL player than Casey Hayward.
I'm just overthinking things.
I need to step back and realize what in life really has a reason to be worried about
When someone's willing to wait for you.....
They're a keeper!
As of right now, my summer is looking good!!
Best part about being home?
Riding a bike for the first time in 5 years.
Thx!
You never know where I might show up :.
Every day is an adventure!
Brad Richards.
Who else?
Sunshine Pils doctorft is now available
Who's playing plo in may
I MISS YOU TWIN!
Live your life in an alignment with YOUR priorities not anyone else's in order to feel happiness and complete.
So excited to buy a new baby today with :
No one told u to touch.
You hold know better.
ExGreen doctorma teacher indicted on sex charges
RT : The best social program is a job congrats Joe Clark!
Wheels of success makes this possible
Thank you to our HUGE group of walkers in yesterday's Elkhart 4H Fair Parade!!
WE HAVE THE WORLDS GREATEST VOLUNTEERS!
zOMG.
Just realized lead singer of Alabama Shakes is a lady.
Love them more.
We are entering into a 3 month power block of focused productivity and unbridled results.
Are you ready?
A warm bath and a glass of wine.
Awesome!
Thanks!
Every Wisconsin library and citizen has access to thousands of online newspapers, magazines and books through DPI's BadgerLink service.
Good morning!!!: So ready for the studio.
Session later on.
Man I want some sex.
It's been quite a while.
:
Spilled my coffee, broke a shoe lace
Whaaaa?
An anchor hitting the streets on a Sat?!
I predict a phone interview and file video.
I.do.too
I hate when I get stuck to my phone because an hour and a half will go by and won't even notice 
vodka and NFL gameday final here at the Johnson household.
Merry Christmas and another Happy bear beatdown!
Keep an eye on CAGC.
The stock could be going to 15 nearterm.
Also bullish on MA and AAPL stocks.
I love this episode of reba cuz van.
Yes, yes you are
Why do I always come on Twitter late  night only...
LoL Listening to that Cali rain...
it looks like it lolol
I just bought TheNight Single on iTunes it's amazing!!!
I've been a fan of yours since Spice Girls and I always will be.
:
read my DM
Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.
Dude!!!!
We still gotta hang soon.
You know you must be doing something right, when you have people copying your every move.
It's pathetic, be yourself, noone likes a copy.
but then again there are 2 types
RT : RT We disempower learners by coercing compliance thru grades or praise.
What one word comes to mind when you think of Coop's BBQ?
RT Heaven.
The C's playoff coverage has been terrible there...
not on the website though
teamWakeAndBake Leg Go!
I totally agree!
Boo!
We'll have to meet up again sooner than later.

great!
Just sent an email.
Poking around the site too.
We'll definitely have to get more Baltimore events up there!
RT bumper sticker in the National Library of Medicine parking lot: The truth is out there, it's just not wellindexed.
Yes.
Kind of interesting...
I have not bid, but I can see the math connection.
Genius.
A nice cut of sockeye salmon...what to do with it?
Great!
Thanks for getting back to us!
Once you follow us, we will be able to DM you!
: 
Have y'all heard that new R.A.P Music album y'all need to go get it if you haven't.
yes, i smell like Jesus.
you'd love it
The Life and Times of Shatt and Merry: Ultrasound
I hate it when people are at your house and ask, Hey do you have a bathroom?
No not at all, we piss and shit in the yard
Woke up late this morning  stay abed for a sec when mom surprised me with a greeting of Happy Mother's Day  I was like...what's goin on?
Thx for following Doug.
i has no power :
no problem!
: I Am What I Am.
I like what I like.
I love what I love.
I do what I want.
Get off my back and deal with it.
It's my life.
So Russ West is carrying the Thunder right now?
LOL
hope you're having a great time Cheese!!
I so wish I would have entered those NFL network Pro bowl contests!!
Happy Birthday i love you and your such an inspiration:
what's magic without magic?
Just had my first vocal lesson.
Look out world!: this breathing thing is hard...lol!
that's bullshit
We are the d we are the d we are the d we are the d
I'm doing good.
Enjoying some football.
How are you?
Jim its not bad, they did a good job with the animation.
Maybe I'll pick up the book.
Watching Comic Book Men!
Our Executive Chef, Toyoji Hemmi, tries it before serving it.
If he's still standing, you will too!
Action packed night at all our Ace operations around the country.
Here is to our Managers for the commitment they put into our partnerships!
: So...
White Castle wants to start selling alcohol.
This has good idea written all over it sarcasm you serious?
how do you spell piece?
Thrilled to have Katy Börner talking about data visualization tool Sci2 tonight
No one likes a mooch.
At the game, getting ready for human hockey puck with
Correction  TESTIMONIAL PAGE
any healthy pizza specials tonight?
I knew you'd say that, !
Thanks for the justification.
:
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 42
Because the dogs were found in PG County.
So much for working these new monologues in class...
2 days in a row canceled?
What gives!?!?
Lol
yay kitten!
So happy for you!!!
Way to start the week!
Say it Batum, say it!
I guess ill just hit up mary jane for now 
Placed a hold on your book at the library but thnx 2 high demand, its gonna be awhile.
It was a tank of gas or u
My step dad pisses me off so fuckinn early !.
.
how cool!
I personally love to watch kitesurfing!
I dont like only getting picks for Wallace tho, LOVE getting Crawford
A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it A song's not a song 'til you sing it Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Commencing happy dance...
thanks for shout out!
Is awesome!
:
oh yes I know what you're thinking!
Brava...
you're full of torque natch...
new pledge: Use torque 1X/day
quads and hams yesterday why do's my lower back hurt?
CARDIO CARDIO SUCKS but 14.5 bf is good
video shoot..
Turn it upsidedown!!!
and many overlook the fact that some regs add/support jobs.
We see that with some clean water rules.
My favorite part of Friday is going to sleep knowing that when I wake up, I will have a surprise waiting for me, handcuffed to my toilet.
On adiet no sweets and no fried foods for me!!!
2 hours ago I told myself I'll sleep early...
2 hours later and I'm still wide awake 
S/o to for retweeting my new single!!
Go follow her!:
Aw thanks!!!
That means a lot!
Moving on after moving
I believe I got you a few vanilla lattes/coffees when you played for the
I predict Australia will be coming soon!
RT : ROWE Australia please!!
So much awkward...
Taking my mom to tonight for DUCHESS OF MALFI.
She's never been in a theatre smaller than...Steppenwolf.
Get ready, Mom.
Thanks to AAF Madison for putting together a great meeting today.
Kyleigh39;s Story  Easter Egg Roll
I wish I had known about this earlier this week.
I would have made sure my schedule was clear.
bad bitches and good weed
Obama on the offensive, using the Ryan budget as a cudgel.
Will be interesting to see how Romney responds in his speech here Wed.

I'm still working on mine!
I hope you have DEXTER on there somewhere, won't be the same without you.
Working with my Big Pony Girls, Sporty Fresh, Fruity Sensual, and Radiant Floral
Scholarship Alert!
Students going on KEI programs to Ecuador or Peru check out
Anytime sexy
not your weekend though!
:
haha...
Me an you got the same likes an stuff
RT : When Krystal Would Get All Scared In The Middle Of No Where !
:D hahaha
Tickets are on sale now!
Gruntled, followed by snickers.
' Heart beatin out of control!
you are about 4.1/10 of a god
Our TV dinners are like a meat  three, served on an oldschool cafeteria tray.
This week we've got catfish 'n okra!
lost my password
Enjoying the sunshine today!!!
I have Sand Volleyball Tonight at 10:15.
Let's go early and hit the pool  bar!!
She said fuck a iphone i want facetime on my pussy....Damn :/
How does Red Sox prospect not have more followers?
Get on it people.
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
7
Stay focused on your goals at all times.
Don't let little things slow you down.
How are things these days?
It's been ages since we've talked.
'S boss is gettin on his last fucking nerve!
What a cheap shot my Metta World Peace in the Lakers game.
He should be banned for the entire playoffs.
What a disgrace to the NBA he is
I'm 30 in 2 months!
Hope 2 do same!
RT 30 for 30 more days.
been a great year and I plan on living the rest of it to the fullest
Thanks, we will!
the ginger blog revolution is upon us!
damn, hasn't tweeted in forever.
Beliefs are powerful.
They impact your thoughts, your attitudes, your actions.
Are your beliefs helping or hindering your results.
aweh: yeah I'm goin through a tough time.
My parents are fighting BAD.
and I might have to move an 8th time.
it's so scary
Nice at bat by Alvarez.
Um.
What U described on as Catholicismppl who believe in Jesus but oppose Popeis aka Protestantism.
Hey Dave, join me for a new orleans swamp tour on Saturday at 9:15 am!!
Maksim Chmerkovskiy Says Melissa Gilbert Is in Pain
The GOP wants a brokered convention because they expect a miracle like Reagan to come out from the grave  save them.
Happy Birthday sir Bless you  yours
today is spring and in exactly one month i will be on the beach on florida :
A bit; but I'm used to it 3 RT Is it true your too tired with this movie journey?!
:/ xoxo
UStream for tonight's meetup here: tinyurl.com/3j6eefm
You're welcome!
It's always good to share some blog love!
RT: Welcome , to Austin!
It's fun here!
eek!
Oh, and they are looking for a
Our pleasure :
Dear Internet: Autoplay on videos with audio in them is evil.
Please stop.
I need Hot Cocoa!
Also I love my thumbless gloves gave me!
Makes working my phone much easier on a cold day.
Popular Mechs.
Come kick it at Rotture and snag a free copy of 's EP!
Dance dance dance damn.
Dance.
Karma is a bitch...
I know a few people that are going to get what's coming to them.
Well then PASS
God this girl is so annoying!
Your always in my heart, your always on my mind.
sounds like a plan.
Miss ya too!
Gotta go to an optometrist for the first time ever...
I cant fade my eyes hurtin like this all the time ugh
Awaiting the big day!!!
Excited to get in shape for 2012, and to share the Isagenix nutrition opportunity with others.
Let's talk about health goals, people!
The party is at Revolution Lounge tonight for Closet Sundays featuring DJ Chris Cox!
you are the cutest guy ever!
I love your singing!
Tonight is going to be finger lickin' good in FTL with our backyard BBQ Party
Thanks for thinking of me!
Ms.
Brown  I are taking Growing Classroom wkshop May 4  5 wkend.
Great minds think alike!
I need one of yal to tell my boy happy birthday or I will stop my twitterafterdarktweets
Workout room , pool , shower , shopping :D this is my kinda day 3
FF N4P Twitter Team!
our boss tweet her to join us!
SEO tip of the day.
Remember to alt tag your photos.
Surprises me how often people don't....
Great home for sale!
Los Feliz Hills with views.
www.3651holboro.com
Picked up the 50 gift card to for the raffle tomorrow!
Get ready to rock out, party people!
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot
I've never told anyone to 'go suck on an egg.' Or a lemon.
hey i have a question.
The reason why Seattle sports teams never win anything is because Washingtonians prefer Pepsi over Coke.
rivolitheatre needs your help!!
Visit rivolitheatre.org to donate or become a volunteer.
its great: I just wish austin would take off these dang socks!
Cody Simpson concert this saturday.
3
but go read it, tell me if it's good...
My mom won't let me touch the nook...
IM SO EXCITED TO SEE MY BBYS ON ABDC AGAIN.
333 :
Lol become a preacher?
why u say that?

thanks for buying the BigOven iPad app!
May be our first purchaser, seeing as the device isn't out yet ideas?
Since my mom and I are mexican american we're going to celebrate mothers day tomorrow and sunday
Ah!
Well, if you're ever looking for someone to workout with, let me know.
hay ;D
Just starting a blog series on.
.
wait for it.
.
.
Pipe!
Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more on this exciting subject!
Me and were talking about how 6 months ago we were looking for chicks to marry.
Now we don't even believe in that shit!
waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this doctorught.
Useless and disappointing.
A Cinderella Story
have fun !
808Pride GIRLS dont feel bad he the one who stoped loving u
Thx for the follow, Jackie.
Looking forward to seeing more of you in the NY Times!
C
So it the fast food of the Asian food restaurants, but I am getting me some Panda Express.
Working with the best tile  stone suppliers in the business makes it easier to achieve beautiful designs.
Thanks again!
The Girl From Foreign made me rethink the importance of relationships w/t grandparents  commitment towards them.
Awesome dinner at Iron Horse in Sellwood.
Kids eat free on Tuesdays!
What?
isn't it?!
Bed, Bath and Beyond  apparently that's where their employees ran off too.
Of course 
Your gingham is wider than mine.
THERE'S a line you'll never hear in a straight bar.
Do any of my ATL followers know of any volunteer opportunities this saturday morning close to downtown?
25 volunteers.
Thx
Am I the only one to get excited to wish someone happy birthday on facebook whose birthday is on Feb.
29.
!!!!!Go Follow ASAP
I'm pretty sure my supervisor just took a break to ride the elevator once.
WHAT ELSE COULD SHE HAVE POSSIBLY DONE IN 12 SECONDS?!
hey chris it's 's brother how's it goin?
Getting ready to leave for Property Mgt.
Class.
Any comments?
SmackDown 2.12.11 Mark Henry vs.
Daniel Bryan The match for the title of World Champion in the heavyweight division!
there IS nothing like a new doctorss and I haven't even told y'all about the shoes
how come?
Keynote Joyce Valenza, welcome to MA, we're so glad to have you!
Customized Christianity  Completely Committed.
see it was all gonna be gone by the time I got there anyway!
how about an apron that gives the empty figured boobs???
Haha
Oh Arizona...how i loath you to book...
just woke up from my nap and I had a doctoram about Beignets!
Clearly a fat girl moment, I wonder if the hot sign is on at Krispy Kreme?
Got big plans this summer
I gain and i lose i gain and i lose followers.
Just like my weight Haha /
If you Stumble, Make it a Part of your Dance
Such a fucking prick
I cant stop watching puss in boots 
Music, you're my everything.
HE'S ALIVE !!
sacscoc Ques:Faculty want more stringent reqts on students in online.
How can we do that?
Ans:Consider prereqs.
Be candid w/ Student.
RT : Responsible for too much fappage.
: Alexis Breeze 
Is Mighty Taco really worth it?
Never been.
Seems kind of hard to mess up a taco though.
Taco shell  beef  sadness  Taco.
me too!!!
Lol
Went through and unfollowed a bunch of dead twitter accounts.
Feels strangely good.
you should be coming to vegas with us!!!!
its not too late!!!!!!!!
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!LiveMyLife59
Please join us tomorrow at 1 for Veteran's Day.
Special guests include members of the 14th Armored, nicknamed The Liberators
: I believe a Woman can take a Man from Nothing to Someone successful if he took her advice
In the short while that youve been here, you have already begun to establish yourself as a compass, giving our school purpose.
He's a serial molester of the English language.
: does penn state cleaning house include espn getting rid of matt millen?
Nice use of 'overdeliver'
I tried listening to Adele...
I can never do that again, at least I tried.
Saw you in My Best Friend's Wedding last week!
I thoughthow cool!
BG actor makes it big!
: Like Cooper a lot!
: Using the word dope to describe something should be blasphemous if its not that  Real Talk...used too loosely!
lol did u find me off Instagram?
Just put some final touches on a Demo for BBC.
I may not have done my final, but boy it feels great to get some song ideas rolling finally!
I do not get what the hell I did to you to make you dislike me so much that you won't even talk to me?
Can i get a chocolate shake?
:D yes'mam!
K...got chocolate milk, nbd :p
please don't!
Going live in ten minutes: Trayvon Martin Media Circus, My new iphone, and a prank phone call that just went VERY bad.
ZenLive.tv  9pm EST
Tonight the Top 13 take the stage on American Idol!
We are tuned in are you?
Let us hear who your favorites are!!
Give compliments!
Let's change the culture of insult.
Almost quitting time!
Slow day but it slick went by fast!!
Up the hill backwards  itll be all right.
All the dudes in the NFL doctorft has doctorads their hats don't fit lol
but I'm manic and can do about eight things at the same time with perfect clarity
one of my followers
Love is not a matter of counting the days.
Its making the days count.
When one door closes, another one opens.
But sometimes we stare so long at the closed door that we miss the one which has opened for us.
3
Welcome back beieber hair flip???
No comment.....
A cool memory.
Thanks for sharing.
Goodnite my fb peeps.
9am call time in da CBD.
For me and my faithful Honda Civic companion.
Thanks for sharing our feature!
startupMd is packed.
Great showing for all Maryland entrepreneurs.
100 American made bitch I'm the king of naptown once retired comin back through the underground with a vengence watch to back ain't no play
It's a great, rocking tune with a sweet title.
Glad u enjoyed it.
I'm guessing Elliott Smith for anything off of the Good Will Hunting soundtrack?
Happy Friday...and what a beautiful day it is!
Anyone ever seen Space Chimps 2?
I have....
morning back.
Crab  Leek breakfast at Sola  delicious!
Keep on keeping on, young man.
You have a lot of people that are cheering you on.
Be sucessful.
Got my new phone finally.
This thing is pretty awesome.
Thanks HTC for finally paying attention to form.
Doesn't the word explication sound like some kind of method of torture?
Because it is.
I seriously need to find a way to get paid for all my misadventures!
Sometimes it feels a bit ridiculous.
Please see www.autoglasslocator.com to find the windshield shop in your area
u r lokin very sexy right there
11 different proteins in peanuts can cause reactions!
Depending which proteins you react to may change your symptoms!
Oh my Gosh .
Girl you better win !
: and Make sure i can be one of the three b/c i will doctorve to What ever state b/c......
GB could have held on to Favre traded Rogers and found a batter QB than both in the doctorft
so, so sorry late reply .
I'm great and you?
RT You can tell the quality of a person by how they treat people they dont need.
Abosolutely!
want to dm you about your talk.
Could you follow?
swag swag swag on you ..
three cheers!
yoshi this weekend let's go h.a.m
We are back in business!
Come visit our satellite location at Underground Atlanta Feb 729.
We're almost at 2,500!
You helped get us here.
You made a difference.
Thank you.
that would be great!
Love Detroit!
fa sho DM you later next week appreciate it bro
Sorry, the Osbournes Reloaded show was just AWFUL!
As much as I loved their reality show, I predict this one will be canceled...yesterday!
two words: Trust God.
thanks Ash..
nope, american
I been slacking still aint go to a Bulls game this season.
Smh
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.
Good News!
will be doing another signing at the Buckhead Barnes  Noble tomorrow at 9:30am!
Don't miss it!
thanks for the reminder...submitted Justuno!
Had such a great past couple days in Vegas...
saw some good friends, ex bf's friends, new friends, bachelor party...
need recovery time.
Oh yeah.
I forgot about that.
Coming right up!
Louisville i spy a big, new being build at 34th Broadway
now it's time to score more runs.
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
My people did the list.
So Bert had to be 1!
: Our problem as believers is not that we sin.
We cease to b captainvated by the beauty of the gospel...
Jesus covered it ALL
Need a freelance web developer for a product I'm creating for my website:
Love Fuckinnn Hearts Whenn You Need Herr
Shout out to !
I could go for a COLD OXYwater BLACK w/ my lunch right now!
If you hear the words oh yeah, suck it coming from my bedoctorom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
someone left litterally a SWIG of milk in the carton.....
Chelsea or Liverpool?
training2012 stedman graham...first step to transformation is love
Man when its right its right and no one is going to tell me its wrong 3
We're there!!!
// RT: 1/2 price burgers all night!
made contact with Harrod's fingers are crossed that they want us!
U will be a mamas boy forever FYI thats not attractive to any girl u can't live off ur mom forever
Thanks, y'all!
I appreciate the support.
I wish it was done but tomorrow is another day!
:
Dnt accuse me of something u do
Having the best Stop Day Eve: applying for jobs and spending time with my roommates.
It's pointless to blame negative ads if you plan to start running hem for Iowa...
Hypocrite much newt Gingrich
: 3WordsForYou Hit.This.Bitch.
PitcherSwag 'give the middle finger'
So jealous of the SFoffice phone booth.
We need one in NY!
:
Really debating whether or not Taco Bell serving breakfast is a good idea.
PRO: Fire Sauce before 11a CON: Body Digesting fire sauce pre 11a
RIght?
I hope you had a lovely mother's day, H.
:
Hi Followers  suggestions to follow:
I would say to cross our toes too but..
I know they go by quick , I'm gonna miss you !!!!!!
Gotta keep in touch
I didn't even eat my LaRosa's my baby brought me up ta my job so u kno I ain't feelin rite
Day.
Over.
NICKELBACK SUCKS, GET OVER IT.
Venice Canals Holiday Boat Parade: December 11th, 2011  See you there!
So does that mean you won't kiss a lady with lipstick?
LOL
throw some contemp stuff in there for them to connect with?
Baraka or my new fav Tree of Life.
6'9 265 lb., hard worker, nose for the boards, will play in position in NBA, won't be forced to play the 5.
Needs jumper.
245 for doctornks
but it's so good
I have a new ASD case who is a severe head banger, even after given the item he wants....
Help!...Resources anyone?
RT : If you're celebrating a bday this wknd  want a party with us as a part of the Bday Crew VIP booth style send us or...
Wedding Ceremony: How Do I Choose An Officiant For My Gay Wedding?
Huffington Post
We'd love to see you...but class is important!
And there are multiple days to come this round :
Thanks for the add Aaron!
I'm hoping for a  rematch this year!
Way to string people on!
I think in the UK, the original title already counts as an
thats the rumor but i might still try
and we keep our promises......McFollowed : 
uM yeah so Lil Wayne's performance...hm
Top10Rappers No specific order..doctorke, 2Chainz, Meek Mill, J.Cole, Don Trip,Lito,Rick Ross,
What do u need help with fitness or eatinghealthy??
I can help you get there!
Just take the first step today and ask me how?
I like you a lot.
Beyonce5thAlbumTitles 4 The Love of Blue
Which is more worthy of outrage: budgets slashed and archives closing, or a joke by some tv comedian?
Focus, people!
Dell is North of Austin in Round Rock.
DM me your mobile and we can work out details.
Tour is 30 minutes long btw.
Excuse me, their code of conduct.
I don't know anyone younger than 18, so it sucks to be them.
Super sucks.
says when life brings ya down, get up, punch it in the face, and yell Im Chuck Norris!!
QUOTE  Be like a postage stamp.
Stick to one thing until you get there.
Josh Billings.
wtf theyre so little, there like older than u...
I dig the pretty colors.
BestTVShowEver Wayne Bros : 
Very reasonable and thoughtful commentary regarding the team we love.
Well done!
thank you for paying attention to that :D
We're partnering w/mental health facilities to grow peerled CBT group in San Diego.Know anyone who needs help?
wants to go on tour!
But he need fanss to perform for!!
Come awn guys follow him!!!!:
:' all my friends at school forgot about my birthday!
Thanks for the mention in your FF
Were having a great TLNT Transform Event!
tlnt For those attending, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win a 100 Visa Gift Card!
Excellent.
I am really looking for it to be my office assistant so this really helpful prior knowledge for it to have!
Join us for reverse Happy Hour.
Sunday through Thursday 9pm to close!
Cool shot, Tom.
Praying for the person who was taken away in ambulance.
I am still waiting on rain, I heard its supposed to come 2morro but I don't believe it!
Taking a dump at work haha
thanks for winning me an orange stuffed fish : lol
I'm so happy I'm black.
Just felt like saying that.
Thanks for the RT.
I'm gonna make it happen real soon
I always think the next nigga tryna get over.
That's just my state of mind.
Spotted UWS  NYS Senator at Bella Luna on Columbus  88th for a private event
there is the theory of the mobius, a twist in the fabric of space where time becomes a loop where time becomes a loop
Been there.
More NEW beats coming soon...
listen to what i do by kid ink
I think you'll be aiite!
iReallyHateWhen People blame others for everything and never take ownership for their problems
AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences: suicide.
Or murder.
Tell preston I say hi
and if they do, them shits will be at outlet stores fast
Google it
Just heard the pitch for , a corporate collaborative blogging tool,  thought it'd have great potential for governments.
don't think I'm going to make it.
Just found out today, we are having a tourney at the school and I have to be there
This Friday night at Southport Hall in Metairie with Touching The Absolute!!!!
I like the panel well enough on today, but learn the most from Bill Fletcher
When I was a kid dangling, participles were all the rage.
Could not go far without running into a dangling participle.
Ah.
Good times.
Ima grind for it, I dont want nothing free.
Ima go get it, you dont gotta come to me.
Been sitting her trying to figure out what I'm going to eat.
Nothing came to mind.
I can't study for shit and my exam is at 8am ....
Typical
Had a great day at Columbia for the TV Academy 2012 Career Day.
Met Producers, Directors from major networks.
Inspiring!
Not liking the forecast for tomorrow considering I have tickets
Love these NY bodegas.
Its like a club w/ their salsa music just blowing
you can also email them about network issue from that app...and they respond promptly, at least the did for me.
DAP is exactly what I'm using, and your support and help has been invaluable!
Back to Back Jacks I love Batmagic !!!
RollTribe and sacrife more rum for
Eminem was in a coma for 10 days cuz he got beat up so bad....when he was 10 years old.
I'm so sleepy.
lol , i was with her when she did that : , she is my bestfriend 33
even worse than the Swedish version?
Can I be one of those lucky people you're following?
:
How can a trail be so easy one day and so difficult the next?
Be present, conscious and listen or you will miss the best parts.
Did you know: The Empire State Building was completed on this date in 1931, making it the world's tallest skyscraper at the time!
I'm dizzy
I agree.
I don't think Ravi would have been charged w/out the suicide.
Would he have still gotten in trouble, though?
is the way to go, great workshop tonight, thank you for coming to Chicago!
Today was ehh...
well done Jo Hill IHG, kick off presentation always a hard spot but yours was v.good and good slide pack!
A boy makes his girl jealous of other women.
A gentleman makes other women jealous of his girl.
what a boss
be fine!?
prepare ye the way of the Lord.
Gods speed on the new mission and congrats on the next step!
now im pasting gas.
Note to morning self  not everyone else in the world is a douchebag
I'm wit it but I need a ride cuz my car is under construction lol : RT Gym?
I bet if Prez Obama played  won megamillions, Repubs would accuse him of rigging the doctorwing.
Do you even miss me?
can ur dad take me??
Just checked out the Mattress Factory  so cool!
How have I never been there?
There are two shows that make me want to exercise.
The Biggest Loser and The Walking Dead.
I really wanna be with you baby, but i gotta do me first
...
a cut above the rest!
Cherrywood Coffee House  be here now rad people of
.
it's enough to beat you down!
I could go for a BLL right now!
What is this shit with diggy and Cole?
Like c'mon, we all know who's actually a good artist
We are out of Strawberry Lassi :
lucky bitch.
I'm fucking red and pealing .
Roast Info in your inbox.
Keep it all on the DL  we're trying to keep things intimate.
The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government  Barry Goldwater
after how much I paid for it I would have pulled the house apart looking for it
Shorts and Skirts today   Why?
and no, I'm not making this up .
.
.
it's Global No Pants Day...don't believe me, look it up!
I was just telling my wife that this weekend.
Oh sure, just one smudge mark on a Mothers Day Singing Bass present  you'd think it was the end of the world
of all things...so why should I fret over the obstacles of man...why should I receive joy when men and women have the power to take away all
not having a phone at moment blows.
6 days till california :D
I need to lose weight 
yep!
Those inner voices who censor us, the fear of saying too much, the anxiety over the critics who might go for our throats
HEY VINNY I LOVE U!!!!
Its sad to see the pregnant girls say..
the only man i need in my life is my son you said YOLO he said YOYOB 
The sad moment when you see your ex, and they act like you don't even exist.
Ha!
RT : Turns out the guy me and thought was Batman a couple weeks ago was just Alderman Bob Bauman.
Disappointing.
Circling the doctorin: the mark huntsman story
We see elite client's by apt.
only 7136230866 located in the elegant Galleria area of Houston Tx.
Call for directions.
That was the most heartbreaking How I Met Your Mother ever.
Wow.
yea I'm here till tomorrow morning.
Checking out RJD2 tonight at webster hall if you'll be around!
WhyYouAlways sayin BO when you got no game?
sitcho UGLY AHH DOWN
lmfao.
i think she blocked me.
:
does she even love me anymore???
Got that rite
wow!
Powerful!
Felt odd to book Gally 2013 hotel and flight nine months out.
Staying at the CP again, but conning till Monday AM for the first time.
I feel like dying
Yay for football 3 times a week!
Just finished a photoshoot for CS Arts!
Did I mention how amazing TheHungerGames was?
It rocked.
Have you had a chance to watch it yet?
If I were you I'd see it.
just got asked to prom in such a cute way!!!
Ohmygosh: jealous
RUTHLESS RT suckstosuck when your having sex with your boy an hes thinking about me
Hi all!
The next Schmooze lands on Oct.
12th at 5:30 p.m.!
Location to be finalized BUT mark your calendars!
Going to be another great one!
Ed Henry  douche
M hottub and pool time
yes my favorite
I hope Bradley Cooper is playing a rapist in a movie or something.
That mustache is not okay.
get your tix ASAP !!
RT : 2 nights away from hope you got your tickets can't wait to see you all
40k at first break from 20k starting stack.
he likes that tight shit hahaha
Wow, I just found out you were just two days younger than me!
maybe NBC will blow it all on mls coverage
More soccer Coachisms: That could change the complexion of the game.
Damn, the other team has shown up.
Sandusky should buy our book.
He's gonna need it.
Why so tightlipped JoePa ?
Waiting  Starbucks while my car is being serviced at Toyota of Roswell.
lol who is we all?
I heard someone say woah after I did it.
RT : Tron extra?
What the hell is going on here!
ya buddy!
Hello Tweetalights...have an extraordinarily blessed day  mark your calendar for June 5, 48, Fire on Water...Welcome 2 the Lightlife
It won't be long till we are, Bag!
Awesome!
Crowd cheering anthem at UC with Jimmy singing!
Come get some free lunch burritos!!!
Wesley Foundation serving free food since 1972!
get right to the heart of matters
you around this weekend?

We've waited years to have an excuse to book AJ Styles vs.
Dixie's husband Serge at Slammiversary.
Dixie On The Pole Match
Or, maybe, you could!
Are you going to your house when you leave?
I just played Could You Be Loved by Bob Marley on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
We hope to see you in soon!
Lord, protect me from my friends , i can take care of my enemies !
;
At the Thai festival why am I here I'm not Thai but it's still fun.
It's FINALS NIGHT at !
Cheer on the teams at and choose the karaoke champions!
The primaries tonight show that the South is still the South, no surprise there at all
3rd game in 3 nights for Need the bench to come up big tonight!
Treat me like a joke?
And, I'll leave you like it's funny.
Charles Just Gave Me His Numberr....!
: !!
work roles: archivist, digital librarian, reference librarian, technology trainer, career advisor, customer service pro, inspirer
the lounge is lookin' crispy right now
my personal hero is my husband, not for the usual reasons like my love for him.
He is honest, sweet,smart,honorable  loving.
Good morning world
Reading Lyrics on my TL makes me hype ..NOT all of them though:p Most type Fuckery
Cinema has given us the means to explore the landscape before us, within us, and above us.
Thanks for favoring our tweets!
Time to write.
Poured the coffee and opened the laptop like a gaping maw, daring me to dive in.
I dove.
what happened where are you?
Ima do half my laundoctor today ;
RightO!
Portland Timbers here we go!
Breakfast quesadilla is the special, start this wonderful day off right!
Save money on Exterior painting.Take advantage of our great winter rates now.Call for a free estimate today 6195625848 We Love to Paint
What's up PackerNation Are you ready for some football!
I wonder if NMSU sports info media relations office can tip u onto how to find a ticket from school's allotment?
RT : It's time for a complete reset of economic development systems/institutions/policies.
Cc
The best part about Sunday Brunch at Maguire's is...
okay keep following me, I'll follow everyone back later ...
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm  Bill Gegenheimer
Rt :CREATE YOUR OWN SUCCESS: R upcoming guest Elaine Del Valle created a hit one woman show.
Do U have a story U need 2 tell?
MaybeIshould cut all these fake mfs off
RT : Notre Dame vs Stanford tonight at 8:00 EST.
Join us for a game watch.
HAPPY FRIDAY!
What is everyone doing this weekend?
Cheers to all of the cheap ass tippers out there tonight.
Yeah I'm talking to you
He came in to the office to try head joints, and was convinced he new exactly what he was looking for...
Leaving ABQ, travelling low and slow, OKC here we come!
it's been too long
People who I appreciate!
Marry the Night
The Situation confirms: he's in rehab.
confirms: we don't care.
please go back to real news.
Thanks buddy!
DexterDormisteromDays is top post on reddit.com/r/Dexter!!
WOO :D
how come there isnt a bunch of oscar gushing for Warrior like their was last year for the mess of a film The Fighter?
SomeoneWhoCan make me laugh and smile ear to ear
Thanks to all TChatters for a terrific night!
great convo  learned lots!!
Gr8 nite all!
65 and sunny again today.
Lovin it
Boom figured out vegas.
I got paid to see the movie 
Mayor Rybak is currently the mayor of Room 15 at the Capitol.
Tony Bennett is the Commissioner of Room 15.
Now we need some senators
Thanks for the following!
More Cowbell Sweatshirt  Funny Adult Musician Pullover  Royal
Are u down with the get down???
The TCA's tonight!
Goodluck we love you!:
13 Silver Tongue Gender Race and Sexuality: A Discussion w/ Women in SelfPublishing w/  Cristy Road 1104 S Wabash
I'm unhappy to say that I'm diet coke free today.
it's sort of killing me....
Haha my sister was like What are you reading.?
I was like NOTHING!!
Please follow me:
your cominqq to see me??
:D
oh no, not there, but with my full time gig at
DECEMBER 11TH IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER, COME TO THE CRAFTY UNDERDOG TO DO YOUR HOLIDAY SHOPPING!
THE MISSION THEATER PORTLAND OR!
thats real, and i appreciate it too.
you gotta hit me when you're back in the city bro.
All of life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make, the better.
At tha strip club with my boy tomatt
I encourage you all to pray, read study, praise and stop falling for itchy ear messages.
Get out of the the money line and get in Christ.
Jar Jar was only 1d so 3ds brings him up to a bad 2d.
Rt Star Wars 3D 1 more D of Jar Jar proved it could get worse
Finally a day of heaven ..
Just watched show again.
Seriously, rivals shows you'll see on premium cable.
Period.
Just genius.
Damn I just saw your tweet!
Aw man I'm late!
:
You have to accept the fact that some people will never fit into your life, no matter how much u want them to.3
HATE when someone says I can't do something.
It just makes me try that much harder to do it.
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up!
Chris Brown sit down.
No wait you can stand up cuz YOU DO HAVE BLONDE HAIR!!!
Still working to complete a bridge for my 2nd single 'Do You Know'.
Not a writer's block issue, lyrics are all there.
Finding a melody shift
just tweeted the exact same thing...cosign
Tweet me fashion blogs to stalk.
I'm bored.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
UGH
Love this heat wave right now!
flower pants are in full effect!
Come down to Nob Hill bar and grill.
We'll be getting freaky in about 30 minutes.
Why is it that USPS screws up when it's something really important?
Hey there!
Get that  bb
prove it to me LOL
Hi there all.
Thank you for your follows:
listening to Chopin.
It's great for MyHealth and yours.
music is food for the
In front of more than 1000 NKY leaders, Chamber Chair Brent Cooper advocates for investments in education and encourages business engage ...
RealTalk RT : It's funny that the people who know the least, have the most to say
jimmydimora federal racketeering trial is pushing me rapidly toward my 1,000th tweet.
Maybe next week?
LABELLEMAFIA PUT ON FOR OUR CITY Concert Series AUG.25th at ReserveLounge COME OUT  SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!
they always say keep the past in the past but it seems my past is my future .
Event planning is the 6th stressful job.
I miss you!
meow
yes just lots with friends and family, wby sweetie?:D 3 x
they are with my albums i didnt do it in the group
Cool!
What would you like to know??
Pacific Beach Locksmith : I.S.D.
Locks and Keys !
full service mobile locksmith Wellcome to I.S.D.
Locksmith We are the HighSecurity Locks
Powder blue shirt?
Check.
Trolley ticket?
Check.
iPad  cel?
Check.
Other cel?
Check.
Clear eyes, full heart?
Check.
Let's celebrate
Thanks for liking my page :
Saw in the crowd at the CMA's!
Hopefully this time next year he will be receiving awards!!
:
Cause she ratchett.
This was a quick visit, but I was happy to see you awake this time.
indeed I am!
Thanks for looking out.
you mean BMFC?
Big Man on Campus might be fun too
Like followers?
AcademySummit Roundtable Discussion: captainring Medicaid Work and Charging the Right Fees: Attendees, what did you find helpful?
fix your shit first before you start with this smalltalky garbage.
jesus, dude.
Gia Is My Girl ODEE But Spitting On People Is Nasty I'm Kinda Madd She Did That !
Prepping for IronFork see you tonight!
Hi Daily Mile!
If your followers want to support Charity Water this holiday season, they can!
The pungle.me app.
Check it out.
It kind of makes me sad how only 4 members of OneDirection can sing at my wedding;
Glad you liked it.
It can be hard to stay quiet when you're a talker like me.
Keene State softball, lacrosse teams gear up for Little East tourneys  The Keene Sentinel
Some snow this morning in the Denver area with areas north and west of town reporting up to 5...what happened to spring?
We're definitely not going to be friends for a day
im pretty far away but i took some and some videos :
Computer lab seating: Boys in even seats, girls in odd.
Better than assigned seating and keeping things calm  productive.
Paper on coronary heart disease and I'm just not focused, whatsoever.
What are AP exams
Thanks!
RT : thanks for following!
LOVE your shop!!!
Favorite: my 317.
shirt.
:
We know  Argentina  Holland are getting put on our list.
lol it says my gf is hotter than yours.
Lol..not shorter..lol
Why must it be freezing in my house when i need to get ready for school?
hey, i saw on your FB page that you know isabelle gillies?
I just read her bookshe's incredible.
omg nerds
Twitter now allows you to create a space on Twitter devoted to a specific event.
philadelphia: where are you?
why do you keep slipping from our steering wheel grip??
better question: where the hell are we???
Should probably do my English.....
Actually nah.
Dont get me wrong, there are bubble signs all over the place.
But, this is just a silly debate.
I smile because I'm happy and interested...
no more, no less.
Thanks :
Do I get a free sandwich afterwards?
Follow my people's
I AGREE!
I'd been hearing that joke for an hour.
RT That was actually the funniest possible outcome to that call!
Can't wait for watermelon sweet tea and movie night with my lover: I need a chill night after last night.
please for the love of god/easter bunny, bring on tour in the states.
i'll be your bff if you do
Book your golf club rentals now for your winter golf vacation and save 25 until Aug 31st!
prosetsgolf.com
I know.
She is absolutely amazing.
I cannot wait to see her play again!
thanks for following ;
Free, robust population modeling available at ifs.du.edu
lol its not everybody from there!
i need a JOB ugh
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a thousand times...
Midday break for showers.
Rain  tstorms move back late evening through the overnight.
Best chance coastal NJ, NYC, Long Island.
It's a Christmas miracle!!
doctorse baby!!
someone posted a picture!!
it's gorgeous.
can't say i'd ever get used to it.....
but gotta start bracing now i s'pose
You do know that Jefferson was an Athiest, right?
What's your favorite workout song?
The NO Saints are not living up to saints lol shady
Jerry!!,jerry !!
What noise does a cat make going down the highway?
Miaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!
same here, and love you too twin!!!!!
Dont let your legs fall off from playing dance central lol
If you have never eaten at The Bazaar at the SLS Hotel you owe it to yourself to go immediately.
Like now.
Seriously.
I LOVE IT!
I'm good like that!
one last online final and the semester is officially over.
i don't even care if i bomb it at this point.
great set as well guys!
To estimate the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit, count the number of cricket chirps in 15 seconds then add 37
Thanks for tweeting me, I love it when people realize I am REAL!
lol ;
craving froyo, austin needs a pink berry STAT
Easily the longest and worst Monday of the semester.
some one broke in.
Nothing in there thank goodness
ICriedWhen you told me you didn't need me.
I never have bad days...some days I learn a lot others I just learn a little...but always grateful for everything 
There was one guy in a laker jersey, the others were just in shock and the other 'fans' in there pretended to not care haha
your welcome hun:
Take Melatonin 3 to 4 hours prior to going to bed.
Alex!
I hope you can answer my inquiry and my iphone can be recovered.
Thanks!
for a title what do you think of Love at First Sight or Fall for You?
Just suggestions though.
Upload, tag and sort your own digital content
Love love love the pastel doctorss with mint pockets at
I respect those who respect me and forget those who forget me.
Simple as that.
Thought I was done shopping but being a good sis and helping my younger brother!
Yep  you know it ; Happy Friday!
Its goin down is playing on this bus...ok then, if thats how you feel
If someone doesn't open the door for you, cut a hole in the window...
Embark on a relentless pursuit of purpose today!
FF Talent is
Impress your friends and family in 2012hang a MIKELPATRIKoriginal on your wall!
Not fair!!!
Decided to rerequest everyone to Get Some!
OK Gum.
Lonely Bull  Herb Alpert  The Tijuana Brass

thank you really?
sniffs
After signings of Coryell Judie and Gerell Robinson I'm upping my grade to a B.
Solid overall doctorft by Broncos.
Excited for training camp!
Who's got some new footage/photos?
We want to see street skating!!
I try to write those moments down so that I have their memories when things aren't quite so awesome.

Megan, thanks for registering for UMBCsocial!
We look forward to some great discussion at the unconference on 1/27.
harlem FREE Workshop on how to reduce PMS this Saturday at 2pm at
One Direction rocked the KCA's.
wtf is wrong with you man !?
Wise ppl do not need gimmicks or strings attached to support worthy causes!
Simply appeal to their intelligence w/knowledge!
Prop8 unconstitutional!
9th Circuit upholds the decision!
Thank you
is leading the Atwater Village tour!!

oh my goodness idk Wat I'm Getting Myself Into.
City: Edibles  Country: Richardson's  Waterfront: Castaways
Going back to sleep...
Keep my posted.
This is super exciting and it's already my kind of place!
Wow I am afraid to ask about this!
LOL!
RT : When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
William Arthur Ward
That dude was cute  hella noticed me looking ' I noticed him staring back : haha
i''l do anything fr ya but plzz follow back:
Gonna end this work week with some comics and hope that the kid will sleep in past 6 am tomorrow.
Chunky Monkey, Pinot Noir and Inception.
My first choice is actor and producer, but I'm taking a HUGE chance doing this.
Might ruin my career, but I can't stay quiet
Winston salem council votes to send occupy ordinance back to committee.
Corsets are everywhere.
It's a very good thing.
Hey YO!
I've been messaging you on Facebook....
maybe not...yet
Practice hard.
Play hard.
Program Assistant Laura is leaving for New Zealand!
Stay tuned for updates around February!!
hahahahha that would be awesome!
You like this new twitter pic?
great feeling!
Congratulations!
might not hurt to also call the cops.
That's pretty extreme
One Nice Beautiful assistant ref.
Hey you!
Yes you!
Go Follow she's a awesome and a good Mahomie 3
Ladies!
High fashion AND Jewelry!
Mary Frances Accessories  Read it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I don't know how they nog an egg, but I'm glad they do.
Maybe that's why our animals were restless earlier.
Dont forget to come down to SPiN Milwaukee tomorrow night for our FREE Elite Party!
How do i know what?
what are you talking about...if what works?
lol
: Dancing hard to Call Me Maybe wish could see this performance.
Thank you for the follow!
they think they're gangsta
I got a Bachelors Computer Science, then a Masters in Music, then taught film for 8 years at the Art Institute.
I'm currently in discussions with my agent about when I can make my next public appearance!!
:
thanks for following sweetie
Get ready to hear from us Austin!
Since Hubby fell asleep at 5:30, I'm hanging out in Granny's  watching House Hunters International.
I want to live in some of these places!
are you trying to get a 30 year old man laid?
hahahaha
Orlando doesn't have enough magic to win against the Bucks tonight!
Support your team at home at 9 p.m.
yea sure
I thought Nomad Wide Screen was no more?
a special mother's day shoutout to my mom, step mom, mister.
shannon  mister.
labra !
i love these women to death !
I just held a contest this month.
If u don't already follow u definitely should, they have contests more frequently
Missing my guitar for the first time in 2 months.
It might be time to goof around for a bit tomorrow.
We'll see X2
Haha, I love Jenna marbles
Mom I'm sorry if I overtask you with bedtime ice all the time says a 9yo HamSter.
The dudes like ice at bedtime...
YA FA STOPPIN BY BAR 11 AND CHOPPIN IT UP WIT US LOL!!!!
Hi, !
Excited to hear your story here on twitter.
Thank you for following me!
of they keep playing like they did 2 night!!
Does anyone have a blackberry torch that just automatically restarts whenever it feels like it?
email me at: if u do
do you have any aileron control rods for a '77 172N?
If you really fancy something, sleep on it for a night.
You'll realize that its less enticing the following day.
Great things are not done by impulse but by a series of small things brought together Vincent Van Gogh
V  soft W.
G  soft CH sound.
Final S making words plural DOGZ  DOGSS.
F is strong, breathy.
Use T properly.
BuTTer not BuDDer
John James he just had a real bad accident and was in the hospital for months.
Sorry to hear about your friend John.
also it's obamas favorite show.
He was a big Omar fan
got a new MSUBulldog teammate
well that whole other T situation, is over..
so I've been hanging out with Jacob and he's goin with me :
We were given an imagination in order to create a future based not on what we see in front of us but on what we see in our heart.
And...
there's the JUMP AROUND!
Crowd at Miller Park needs something to cheer about.
Bodemeister broke way too soon.
haha really can i?
Repealed don't ask don't tell??
Your right!
RT : YOUR' living bro!
Need a new fixie?
Want to donate to your favorite cause?
Hit two birds with one stone w/ to support on !...
you killed bob!
...YOU BITCH!
I've already been at the head of this line for 3 years!
: : I'm still going to visit
Sent scripts, thank you so, so much!
Thank you!
Matthew Ethan Davis
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the St.
Louis Rams and the Seattle Seahawks for a free Scorzie!
Just started serving Carrie's Cinnamon Swirl Cakes..a pancake that looks/tastes like a cinnamon role.
Now just 3.50 while they last.
Everybody DANCE
The surface of the Earth is about 60 water and 10 ice.
im suprise you wrote back but seriously that was artwork better than the godfather
MEE TOO!!:D
chris evans.
No insurance
i think about alot of shit i dont say but when it comes out to the person they dont be able to stomach the shit i gotta say
Hi Terry, Thank you for following!
Have an awesome day!!
Looks beautiful!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your uplifting tweets.
Today is gonna be such a long day, I can already tell.
/:
Nothing much
Why do you have to live so many miles away?
mister Freeze is where it's at!
Love that one.
World Peace suspended 7 games.
chris pleasssssssssssssssseeee answer my this why do you answer my random questions
Feeling really good today!
Had a great show Sat  a joyous Mother's Day celebration with my family this weekend.
So grateful.
He said it!
I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable.
Tupac Shakur
USD and california
Update: selected by as an artist to watch for the month of October.
It's the same until we get a feel for our customers.
We'll start adjusting the menu and adding specials soon!
whatever man, i just need some snacks and ill be set for life.
Joshua Jackson is filming his thirdoctortenetwork show Fringe outside my window.
Is this the best celeb siting NYC has to offer these days?

IS WORK NOT HUSTLIN R HUSTLIN NOT WORK EITHER WAY U PAY IN R OUT..HUSTLE HARD.
bitch you thirsty stfu
I love the way Popovich is keeping gospursgo on their toeshe quite clearly stated how they have the best record but are not the best team.
Well that last exam went out with a bang, I mean bomb xx
roses are red unicorns are pencil this poem makes no sense, toaster
Good morning everybody , what's good ?
Ladies , yall lookin good today
The Rock know he fine !
Wow!
End of an era as legendary Top 40 WABB/Mobile is sold to EMF; format flipping and staff will be released.
Details in RAMP.
A huge thank you to , hands down one of the most supportive twitter friends ever!
Follow for great recommendations!
chilled fina hit up a restraunt cant cook hungry af !!
Late night work...
Thank you, Kate.
Glad to be walking with you.
Getting use to substitute teaching.
Yes!
Substitute for long term for a teacher on maternity leave.
thanks for having us on.
It was a blast.
RT Every tweet that has beatcancer today raises money for cancer research  they're going 4 world record today .
My thoughts  prayers go out to the deacon family.
The colts are so predictable.
Keep at it.
You can master it!
oh my gosh just please shut the f up bitch
Anybody know a good writer who wants some work helping us write some things for our web page?

you need a wasp exorcist....or a REALLY big can of Raid.
Back at ya babe!
Lol!
So Who is her?
:3 x
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 5.
No problem is too small!
If it's important to u, it's important to your LegalShield lawyer.
Wait a second ..
I dont want to leave Florence.
I am so sad.
I am going to miss you so freakin much!
I hate getting spots
And CeeLo wears a tshirt?
All art is quite useless.
and how about u two take a little off of ur existing contracts so we can sign Nov, Lin,  JR and possibly Nash
glad you liked it!
Thanks for the feedback.
can you follow me peyton 3 it would mean the world to me 3
Looking for a graphic designer for LGBTQ community.

pork the apocalypse RT : I had a doctoram that I was smokin' eatin' bbq w/ and of all people,
I need to stop wasting my phone battery in class.
62 what have I been doing?
Hanukkah begins tomorrow night at sundown.
We wish everyone who celebrates Hanukkah a meaningful and joyous holiday season.
Gearing up for our first performance at Southern Theatre this weekend!
The acoustics in the Southern are phenomenal.
Who is coming?
Pretty darn ready to be home.
mysuperpower read minds cause u really confuse me
I got money.
Tuesday.
Be ready
Good day Sir U ready 4 game 1??
I'm going to makea movie called UnHappy Feet it's going to be about a bunch of wheel chair bound penguins.
TY!
Makes my ears bleed.
RT does Garrison Keillor annoy the hell out of anyone else?
depressing poems are not part of a good bfast
Welcome Deepika Bala our newest member to spēkēzē!
Thanks for joining our page
I Now Work At Worlds Of Fun :3 Taxies Ambassador:
I just had the socks knocked off me by the Help Team.
Yes someone as genuine as him with a good sense of humor, not some plastic skankosaurusrex!
And Dominick's.
And the South Quad Snack Bar.
And at Kline's Department Store.
No wonder my grades were not so stellar.
Watching Americas Next Top Model with my sister
Get Blasted on from 810AM.Listen on WBNW 1120 Boston, AM1390Plymouth, 970AMCentral MA.Online at www.MoneyMattersRadio.net
Been watching videos and just listening to songs of my favorite bands today.
It's getting really hot in my room.
O.o
Chged quote from Influenced by Common people quit when tired Uncommon people quit when the win
Making fudges :
Oh snap!
New cousin on the way!!
I love reorganizing and decluttering my house...
Change is a GREAT thing no matter how small it is.

Now we are talking!!
Barcelona is fantastic!
DJO did his thing tonite but Todd Mayo is that dude in the making ...
Mayor Daley spoke for many in IL about Springfield bubble lawmakers are oblivious to the economy is.gd/bAG4o
Talls are boys over 5'9.
Smalls are ....almost midgets.
Perfect time to try another bunt.
RT Viciedo to PH for Fukudome
Check out this and manifest possibilities Amazingpredictionsknowyourself.pps Cool test from the Tibetans.
Happy Birthday 3 Hope it's great !
Also, reminder for myself just as much as any of you  arguing with awful, horrible people is probably a big waste of time.
someone has a bad attitude and it isn't you!
Walking dead tonight.
Huzzah!
Good luck to Go Fitness member, Molly DiSabato who will be participating in the Arnold Pump 'N Run on Sunday.
We're rootin' for you!
.
No TV, just radio.
1620AM or 1620thezone.com
Call today for 250 Business Cards only 15, but you must call 7205426105!!!
Am I considered old at 39?
A yes.
Keep those questions coming in!
We've got some good ones so far!!
Remember...ask ANYTHING.....
when I don't know the language I do
Yeah I totally do that all the time.
I try not to do it in public though.
Master's proposal hearing.
Finally Sept 19th!
you did good though!
Fun to watch the contest!
tell justin that im in love with him.
Expand your rational prospects by joining a distancelearning plan.
We are linked only with the best schools in the nation....
Gold: 2 lack of original argument, 3 disorganized presentation of the material, 4 internal contradictions.
Send away my friend.
Tomorrow at 1030 bring your preschooler to Lets Get Moving with My Gym!
Hear a story on being active  play with fitness equipment!
That Others May Live
Nobody laughed besides me so thts good aha
yo.
we should hang.
hi there!
Safe and happy trip to LA and LV.
Hope to catch u for a moment: luv, v

OnlineBusiness Tip: When working  eliminate all distractions.
That means no television in the background.
all I want is a mermaid braid
In love with the Justin Bieber perfume.
I swear you break my heart again everyday..
You can kick me when Im down, but when I get upyou better run motherfucker!
Pulling hard for the 49ers in this one.
know what I mean..
Damn Giants fans
No school for me today, home sick:
im almost to 40,000 tweets guise.
More rain!
happy birthday yesterday!
Dayum lol I know I keep bugging you and I do apologize but you're the only knowledgeable person that I know for the time being
Absolutely!
Especially for all the Giantsfans RT Another morning to love
My man!
both look stunning!
:
LMAO i agree she made it really far
I don't think it's exactly the same: We can get better students, and play more of a role in admissions process.
Oh don't worry, I knew you were crazy when you took time to prove your sanity.
It's okay though, you're in good company.
ilookedforward to summa..
camping, boating, hanging out w/ friends, roadtrips, etc....
If a pitcher hits you, an excellent way to get back at him is to STEAL HOME
the one by my house...
off of 45
: Gettin doctornk at Caesars palace did the real caesar live there!?
Those people that try to be slick and talk shit
Can not wait for my golf lesson tomorrow morning 
So nice out 
Tons of great questions on I9s from our attendees.
Love to see them involved in the BestSeminar!
Your making my day!!!!
another little cupcake shop closed.
when will these businesses learn that you need 18 months of cash to make a new store work.
some people shouldn't even be allowed to use certain words, lol.
been a long day!
Night
One of the best songs ever!
Got into the Wraith of Heros Beta.
Enjoy it so far.
Whatcha doing for SuperBowl??
Having a gr8 party?
Tell me about it we might go live on  Ur house after the game!
Where my strong independent motivated ladies at???
Let's party :
Yes, that's my fav pic of them cuz of that very reason!
; I tweeted it in honor of my grandfather, who passed this morning!
Hiring for a MidLevel Network Engineer with an awesome title: Assistant Director of Infrastructure.
Salary is at 6
we proudly donate a portion of every panty sale to the charitable organizations that make a difference in all of our lives.
It's that easy!
I hope I did not sound mad tweet before last about Whitney Houston.
I am just sad that is all.
Sorry for the use of to many !!!
Going to get my Turbo Kick Instructor certification this weekend!!
Have you ever wanted to teach exercise classes?
What's holding you back?
ok I will and the omegas r steppin in suits!
Hahaha but come on the promenade when its over
Thank god she's not pregnant.
i want a dog.
BAD.
I can't even imagine.
Just stick with the whiskey bro RT : Is Bud Ice a ghetto beer?
wait a second...
you're in NYC!
you're just a hop away!
That freaky tweet you secretly like ;p
just one big ball of information
OMG!
How exciting!
This is getting better and better!
Can't wait to see you.
you must go now!
Distributor Quick Poll.
Do u have a go to industry magazine that u always read to be uptodate on trends and industry news?
If you are a knick fan and you hate on melo at anytime, please take your Knicks jersey off and become a nets fan.
Be selfish about what you let in your mind.
Focus only on what you want.
Use
Attitude determines altitude.
Top100Lies I'm sorry.
Anyone who is wrapped up in themself makes a mighty small package.
CM Spelman up first.
Commends staff on work.
Come down to tonight for afterparty!
Starts around 12:30 a.m.
Get yo moe face on!
Making breakfast 

I dislike being told what to do but i like structure...is that odd?..
Schweeeeeeeet!
I'm pretty much right across the street from Magazine Poboy Shop.
Early a.m.
behind the scenes tour with my niece and work to do before sleep.
Finding the balance with life and life.
In what circumstances does one need a Hummer with off road wheels to visit the local zoo
please follow us on twitter
hahaha that's a great idea by Bryan
it's so true.
I give up, all I'm going to listen to anymore is james gang, childish gambino and the go soundtrack
I will be tweeting from this account dont worry
Dinner at Marisquiera Bistro in Aspinwall tonight.
You know it will be good.
I make hataz disappear!!!
I also laugh for no reason : , lmao !!

also a great person : I mean a girl can look good  B da hottest but if her attitude ain't just as equal then she UGLY hehe
I thought I had a good vocab.
But some of the words bein thrown around in this class is making me think otherwise...
Howdy!!
Thanks for the RT!
My mouth is in so much pain...
The Tree Of Life  Amazing
Are you dolphin still?
We have presents for you!
Low key I miss OOMF even tho she thinks I'm a loser
and you're passing through Kentucky, right?
I miss you!
life is all about moments of impact.
3
Nicole, you twerp, you totally blew it tonight.
Rachel totally blew us away  the choice was SO clear...
Argh!
Rachel rocked!
going to be down in nyc at the end of the month would love to go to one !
;
Soon the Nazis will do a dosados in Germany, while our victorious troops will be grasping the hands of their comisterdes of Russia.
My job causes me to want to doctornk.
That's what Google Voice is for.
Prank away!
the person i want to text me doesnt but plenty of folks i dnt feel like talkin to call me!
:/ the universe hates me
Nights ...doctorvin round like 2night is why I love the DMV....beautiful sights  hiddn secrets all ova....wish I had my camera I'd take a walk
fine with me.
It's more fun in person.
LIU Blackbirds a 16?
What a joke!
believes marriage equality supporters r everywhere and any vote against equality is just acknowledgement that we r on the path to equality.
Couldn't have asked for a better ending to the half
Dont be mad when she finally lets go and ends up with someone who actually gives a damn about her.
Standing ovation for Kinsey Wilson at Online Journalism Awards
The weekend is coming and that means....you guessed it, Jazz Jazz Jazz!
RT: Show her everyday that you love her.
No thanks
Me retiro...PARTY ROCK!
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
It's hilarious how similar Spurs and Arsenal are and how much shit we talk to each other.
NY NY big city of doctorams..things ain't always what it seems.
: Monte Ball got arrested at mifflin?
naw he got a ticket for 429
Goodmorning young world!..
Getting some early breakfast!!
In well need of an energy boost!!!
Then next stop is
Somebody has me wide awake with all these questions haha her lame a
Listening to Whitney and remembering how much The Greatest Love Of All touched me during a tough time in my life  on
We appreciate the mention about the article!
'hahahs lolz!
I'm so high I just text laughed in two different ways'
Luckily, there's doctornkies later tonight and I will have some.
Might move to NC....kinda excited if it happens!
actual name is Brandy
After JerseyShore of course 
Whose coming to Vegas this weekend?
I gotta check that doc!
Her tumblr is incredible!
motivation indeed!
The Milwaukee Card, FREE for local businesses!!!
your welcome : !
Its crazy weather i swear LOL Good morning
Pretty awesome last day in colorado hanging with Nuggs and Rox both lost but the company was top notch!
Reminds me it's time for lunch.
I said I that was doctorgging today.
However, everyone heard that I was a doctorgon today!
Now that is pretty cool.
Want to talk to you about an event this summer, who do we get with for that??
still wanna get a guest vocal spot on my next album with you, recording this summer.
Interested?
Discipline yourself to prepare for presentations.
Practice out loud until you are totally in sync with what you're going to say.
Hurricane Ike is now about 30 miles south, southeast of Galveston Island.
Still 110 mph Cat.
2 and moving to the NW at 12 mph
7.5 hours of still images of a digital clock successfully downloaded onto my computer.
If the A/C at this graduation ceremony gets any colder, I will be able to turn chairs to ice with my bare hand.
What did you think of the show?
Just shows the intellect of peeps down here
it makes me happy knowing i'm married to freddie mercury in my heart
heard you guys killed it this weekend.
Looking forward to the new album!
You know every time I hear the song  im sexy and i know it all i think about is Pretty sure they wrote that just for him
Got 450 pictures in my phone.
Some of this nonsense has to go now.
Halyn JUST finally picked out a church outfit....an HOUR later....haha!
: She's feeling so special !
The last school night ever :
I got 1/4 local cow for 400 last year.
Doing it again.
Best decision I've ever made.
Beats storebought meat handsdown!
I will never give up on him, he's my world.
So stop asking why I put up with the bs..
It's worth it.
on right now!
i'm going through Once Upon A Time, Desperate, GCB, The killing  Mad men before i take on gameofthrones!
Happy Friday, busy day today.
I'll Have Another wins.
Portsmouth Pro Hoops Review for all free agents looking to pursue a pro bball career is on April 1213 in Portsmouth,VA...ABIbasketball.com
Get so lonely in these physics classes since stopped coming to class...
No illegals....No burritos....
what would you guys rather see?
You like the Reebok stuff?
I'm mostly excited New Era is taking over the hats.
Random Twitter users, follow and unfollow me all you like, it's not going to make me follow you back.
Residence halls are open during the break and residential staff are on duty and available to assist residents if needed.
So looking forward to speaking to Suzanne Evans' 10K Club about philanthropy this week.
More will be revealed!...
Chugged three doctor Pepper's in a row without burping...now i feel the heartburn coming on and i'm burping till His Kingdom comes!
Lol
therapy for a really tough day at work?
your two year old playing the harmonica.
both in and out breathing.
like a blues club.
fantastic.
USMX desal projects a priority for this week's Border Governors Conference.
Stupid when so much treated water is dumped into the ocean.
I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell.
I know right now you can't tell.
But stay awhile and baby then you'll see a different side of me.
Ah yes, the very talented  I just wasn't sure if she did work au gratis...
Okay then!!
Haha Love you buddy!
xoxo
Happy 4/20!
Just kidding!
That's trashy.
TheInfluence
stayed home from school 2day didnt feel like gettin up so mi mama let meh stay home...
if you buy a piece of my package I DMed you I can send refunds via Lock
where is point 8 addoctorss this evening?
we got our tix for Chicago, but wouldn't turn down the afterparty ;
Nice job Sabres !
I'm hoping to get a plo8 game going
Hey Wild Things fan: Check out a new member of our team Give him a 'follow' and check out what he has to say!
Mad shout out to just that addiction to sexy i can't help it
she's getting a ring
Tip your waiters!
Thank you!
I lose a different pencil like every single day
Everyone has abs.
It's just that most of us have a generous layer of body fat that is shielding our abs from the world.
I am a man am I a carrier?
Anything like the swine flu?
A lot of women would probably say man flu is a lot like the swine flu.
That looks like future you.
Happy Holidays, everyone!
TGP will be closed Christmas Eve  Christmas Day!
that's awesome.
how's the job search going?
yeah it shows!
I hate when refs try n decide games.
WACK!
sexyfor30 tonight....
Oh lord.
Do they share any common traits that led to termination?
Was something missed in the interview process?
What to avoid?
my favorite Christmas movie...
You'llShootYourEyeOut!
Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly?
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad idea.
Please.
No.
lime mexican grill
Nothing like starting the morning off w/ some hard core training....
Next 3hrs gym time cardio, weights and of course abs....
Lego
A professorssional growth opportunity..
Bilingual Toastmasters of Milwaukee.
Whether or not you are fluent in Spanish or English, it is a great
Lysa's son is CRAZY, too.
But Lysa is WAY CRAZIER.
GameOfThrones 105.
We are going to have fun, for sure!
Cya soon!
Jeremy Rice is watching Hockey NYR RANGERS OT Soccer on Ice
My tummy hurts
haha ya I like England I would love 2 go again :
...but y are we txting AND talking on twitter tho lmao
Seen a shirt today that said Lol  your SWAG.' Lmao.
I'm not a hooker!
I just like to doctorss like one.
girls aren't complicated, you just have to learn to pay attention!
i just don't understand.
I must have done some fucked up shit in a past life.
Home from a great soccer win and then team doctornks at speak easy.
Me very tired now.
Night!
I'm crying right now cuz this song is so emotional.
fun!
I love Wen.
I'm at General Session 1
Give us a call when you do.
RT : I having a feeling im going be in a car accident soon..
Idk why
Today, the Oprah Winfrey show called the Newark Public Library's reference desk for assistance.
Our song 'Mama Don't Cry For Me' about autism is almost at 500 downloads!
Awesome!
Download for free www.harkerwolfley.com
i finally get 's great song Engines Make Me Hot i'm on episode 8 of Firefly.
:
just saw Sideways again at local indy cinema.
Wonderful.
Your monologue is magical even after several viewings.
I wonder how old brother is?
I have to kneel in order to dunk a basketball
At halftime of bout 1, the BH Code Blue Assassins lead the Battlestars 5140.
Great skating by both teams so far.
Not in the books yet!
thanks!
I appreciate it.

ooh, are you the street code guy?
What's this I hear about it already being used in Pioneer Square??
Do you have more info?
the test is impossible!
Me to
FF for my most important twitterfriend !!
follow her she is great3
We Are In BETA on This Account We Are Building it Up for Your Best Service Support US As Well
After all these years, David Wilcox's Underneath is still one of the most perfect songs, ever.
But what about the December jmoms?
D: SPACE tour is more worth it then...
When searching careers on Pinterest for work, the only thing that came up were the Careers from Districts 1  2 in Hunger Games...
In my eyes a real man respects a women , he doesnt cry .
...
So a  real man cries thats not right .
One of the secrets to the passion in my business is to never let go of the 12 yr old child, who still loves to color
Yes big time rush won !!!
Stupid shit.
Every time.
: We are gonna need a report on the brotherinlaws phone ordeal  Thanks for the ReTweet!
10YearsAgo we were located in the Rock Pointe buildings ...
now we're in our beautiful downtown office space and loving it!
Flanagan came under fire after his decision bc he signed a Walker recall petition, but did not disclose it.
Walker is named in the suit.
1 of the most important things I've learned about acting is that u can't separate how u live your life and how u practice ur art Larry Moss
thanks.
I'm really excited about the future.
Thanks Andoctora!
You're my 1st Pinterest buddy : Great pins, by the way.
Did you make that tyedied quilt?
u look good
Personalization fail: I just received a marketing email with the subject line firstname:
Of course I forgot the boutonniere at home!!
ugh
Hm, I apparently don't have invites to give.
I was able to get in by signing up for Klout.
Unfortunately, not this year.
We're hoping to have something for next year's campaign.
I thought the same thing, and then I realized there are so many things I want to accomplish tomorrow for which I must prepare.
Still haven't heard from regarding my PSP incident.
Looks like I'll be shopping elsewhere from now on.
i'm 100 onboard with you...
I just think you're a little overly optimistic.
We'll get our change...
in 25 yrs.
awkward?
i think NOT.
do any of the graduates there have facial features?
Another day, another webinar...
This time, QR codes in libraries

Yep.
LL Brown is sick.
Love the promo graphics too.
Agree.
Even if you don't like the story it's disrespectful to be negative.
It takes courage to publish  that deserves respect
Just started season 4 of shits about to get real
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU!!
LETS BE PART OF YOUR TEAM, OUR GOAL IS TO HELP YOU TO INCREASE YOUR HOMES POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE.
Auditioning is like dating.
You buy a special new outfit, give it your best shot, feel hopeful and elated when it goes well,
Home again, home again with
Forgot to mention it was Anamorphic, as in 35mm Anamorphic.
What just happened?!?
Amazing.
Turkey to Mongolia!
Composing the movie score now!
Are you looking for low cost spay/neuter services in central Ohio?
Check out our Resource page for links to area service providers!...
I like desirable calamity, makes me think of Calamity Jane and the women of the Gold Rush era.
Sorry Chip, that's followfriday Forgot to add the OB.
He is tops as the first 2 report sportsnews gets the scoop!
its ok.
just remember my bday is november 23 and tell everybody on twitter for me g2g hugs
all them girls was trash lol Id take ma weave out fa dice lol I aint ashamed I still got long hair boo lmao
Mint Condition coming to Showbox Market on July 20th!
Wuuuuuut!?
ok cause I wanna hangout and go running!
Our sub bus doctorver is freaking the fck out.
Geeze, calm down lady
i'm a riot in the streets, and you're a cheap little whore.
Super windy in Seattle also.
Just make sure that store doesn't lose power!
Watch today talking about  abused/neglected/abandoned kids.
What a beautiful day  flowers everywhere!
has a Texan I am shocked we lost this contest to LA
Bout to go in on this MERCY y'all ain't ready maaaaaannnnnn!!!!!!
How much are the oil companies making?
Something to think about when you're paying 4.00 plus.
tonight 5pm
Having a Queeb filled road trip.
Jen sucked last night.
Yay Elise!
Paul Van Dyke Tonight  Myst!
Get tickets  tickets.slentertain.com P.
Code 0317 before u pay the door cover!
HIt me up 8820317..
Bout to head out to wildcat warehouse in madisonville to stand in line to get my sons first autograph from
Girl in a coma in the morning m/ fucking rad
When do you ever want to talk about it.
?
LMAO : I know : TweetDelete!
didn't know if I took that one 2 far.
Love Ya'll
We're holding an open house at our office in the loop on Friday.
Msg or DM me if you want to come by and I'll send you a link.
Wilson's hot tamales donate's pledge to feedthechildoctorn.orgplay60.com please be aware make a donation thank you misterwilson
Granted we kept it close n prolly coulda won if that bs goaltending call on randolphs shot was awarded...
but bring em on
WELCOME TO MIAMI FLORIDA AUSTIN 3
you shouldn't bragg about something that doesn't even belong to you
I texted my mama at like 3 o'clock and told her I was home.
Why she JUST text me back and say ok ?
lmao
Thanks, Mike.
It's the little victories that start to add up and make things better.
Good stuff.
Hope you are well!
Yea, tomorrow is good :
Exhibit hall is open.
SWAG TIME!
Passion is ten times sadder without the music in the background...but it still gets me every time.
S/O to for rocking a dope 16 on this record!
Be on the lookout for her on ISMCV4, too!!!
It's almost 2am and I'm bumping the shit out of this show in my Living Room.
My neighbors gotta be pissed.
Do people roller blade there?
I used to love roller blading back in the day.
BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?
TeamFollowBack TeamFollowForFollow FollowForFollow  me when u've already followed so I can follow u back!
can you give me an example of a book that is for all time?
Sent Matt to the store to pickup Hershey's chocolate syrup.
Thought for the day: U can't be unhappy while smiling or singing.Strong connection b/w living healthfully  having cheerful outlook on life!
At WorldofDance with
follow back?
: please.
Cathy and I have successfull moved to xbox w/ Hulu Plus for all our video consumption.
Please say you can live tweet this!
I've alerted the media
if they ever put it out i will let you know what i think of it!
3.
Just read you are 8,000 times more likely to be murdered or struck by lighting twice before winning lottery.
Listening to Stone founder of Twitter talk on Content as a Means for Social Change
will u tweet me a sexy pic?
The phone works both ways...
I love my hometown Bearcats all the way!!!!!
No!
dusted grated cheese w/flour.
Heated wine to boil.
Combined slowly while stirring.
Melted but kept wanting to separate.
?
i will be back to the philippines this saturday!
just letting you know tweeted by Dumbo Poreotics!!!!!!
Fairview beats Grand Junction 30 to advance in 5A girls soccer playoffs.
Well now that is all taken are of, road tripping to Topeka with Look out cornfields!
my day is all off today, woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Congrats on the goal.
Here's to a ssafe trip!
Glad to have you in Philly.

Needs to get out more and meet new punky/gothy/people who like what I like, FRIENDS
Thanks for all the occupywallstreet updates!
you can't take like 2 seconds to get food?
It's not even 9:30.
Haha
what would you want to know about proxy baptisms and the Prophet?
Why would that change anything?
SPAM should be illegal!
Lucky you!
I just arrived in Washington DC and doctorve around with hopelessly lost taxi doctorver!
The Breakfast Meeting: TouchUps at Teen Magazines, and Goldman39;s Friendly Face
Yes, I saw you!
Darn it, we'll have to meet at some future meeting.
Good morning....
: what about boy
Excited yet nervous for orientation and training tomorrow!
Hope everything goes well.
Wish me luck!
Really tough break for goSpursgo last nightas PTI noted tonight: Ginobili's broken hand is a real loss for Spurs, especially with only 66.
I will be releasing a new song very soon!
I also send free new songs to my mailing list.
You can sign up here: www.tiffanyparke ...
One word: STARVING.
I'm surrounded by them!
Top food thinkers to present this Saturday.
EWG's Ken Cook among the speakers
thank you!!
actually I'm just planning to steal some from your office.
Ethiopian women are beautiful!!!
Love how Congress applauds POTUS when he calls them a bunch of dummies.
: I NEED to take a damn nap
LOL.
This RT : I'm confused.
Isn't traditional marriage when you don't have sex?
Just watched my Favorite rapper's Hologram.
it look so real, i started crying.
I miss tupac.
ThUG Life!
Going to sleep guys but i'll write up a post tomorrow about pat's birthday present!
night guys!
ha!
confirmed!
IWantYouTo be true to yourself  love you for who you are.
I love you Kevin !
you're AWESOME 
I Swear I Catch Like 3 Flights A Month Smh
I haven't.
What is her blog addoctorss?
have you ever noticed the warnings on the shredder?
there's a little person.
Don't shred childoctorn?
We should take our show on the road!!
InstantTurnOn: Serving a big powerful Koch.
Hi, I got the email before the outage but because I didn't download the attachment I can't get to them at the moment.
but they will be sure to add 30 more loud and annoying exathletes to their broadcasts.
thanks for supporting !
Obama and osama are spelled alot alike...
Maybe this is not a good sign
RT : Honk if you love Jesus.
Text and doctorve if you want to meet him.
yep almost anywhere you want.
We deliver for over 150 restaurants in the Cleveland area
Future news: A Brit woman died skiing across Antarctica : British woman heads for South Pole, attempting to ski solo across
I love you
Beautiful Avitar..love your swag!
im gonna tell u a fun fact: New Jersey was one of the thirten colonys who cares
doctornking Milwaukee's finest new beverage, the Ryan Braun, on the rocks.
Watching Meet the Press with Kinsley.
the second one from the right is a real dog.
:
I sent it !
Not that he's gonna reply though 
Tabatha's Salon Takeover!!
Most of us spend too much time on the last twentyfour hours and too little on the last six thousand years.
Will Durant
You ok Super?
The Super Bowl is always boring.
Always.
seriously.
did he must have a block of mercury in his shoes.
Tip: A reliable contractor will display professorssionalism and quality workmanship.
A person who sits to watch to TV for three hours a day is 64 more likely to die from heart disease.
man Bud Powell can really help the writing flow!
Would you be willing to talk with us about bike theft this weekend?
how do you get here under my skin?
something about you is so addictive, we're falling together, you'd think that by now i'd know
have fun tonight jess  happy new year!
Loveyou3
he is the x factor, the pick and roll runs so much better with him
We ALL have a few failures under our belt.
Its what makes us ready for the successes.
Randy K.
Milholland
They said this is their last show : So glad I'm here!
NYC next week
Did I see that right?
Some guy got an ESPN tat on his face?
Uh, really??
Sounds like one of those decision he'll regret later in life.
Hope you guys are safe..
Crazy weather your way
Excellent!
My roommate watched all short films in one sitting wants to do it again!
goodword
No Don't Go Way,Boy You Got My Heartbeat Runnin'Way!
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
Nice Trace!!!
Looking forward to it!
Lemme know when we gonna see in Venice?
Yes, I agree completely.
It's like xcountry skiing in the disparity between how it's perceived  its actual dynamic.
If we lived in a world filled with doctornes.
We would live in a boring place.
In my world we create.
In your world, you dissipate.
sorry.
lol loving it :
Do you have a link for that spot?
We've yielded our coverage today to Tune in!
oh that is delicious.
: well at least it'll get better
simply thrilled for the extension.
Life is looking up
What was his name?
I bet we can get him to be a Crew STH..
I'd love it if you would and apply for b2B sales positions at ADP in Princeton NYC  Tweet me!
I put them by bed and by living room couch.
Kitchen islands are handy place too.
Zeke has apparently given up sleep for lent...mine and his
is bad as shit !
I will give up my left nut to have her for the NIGHT!
Stephen King marathon on Pet Sematary: Creepiest achilles tendon slicing in a horror movie.
Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose.
fearthebeer 76 bottom of 9th.
Watching Republicans debate is both hilarious and pathetic.
Also sad.
Who are the awkward looking gingers standing behind Barrett?
You shouldn't be on camera
My pleasure!
: RT : I know!
Thanks for the !
Yum!
Q1 Tried one this year and was not very successful.
1 hr webinar is one thing, but 2.5 day conf.
was conflicting with other work
Gallery hopping tonight, then Fells Point!
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if it's ment to be, it's worth it all
I agree  we're just looking out over the ECC now!
happy thanksgiving to all .
Im givin followbacks and shoutouts as thanksgiving gifts
I LOVE YOU OK
ohh..
And is THE best iPhone Twitter app!!
Disruptions: Tech Valuations Defy the Restraints of Reality
Dam Mya don't hurt nobody my favorite!!
RT : still playing with the juicer.
mint, pear, vodka, sugar rim.
this is going to be the best thing to happen to cocktail nights
the aunt flow heck no one was a point for me...
or since we're 21 shall i say...
you no longer count points..
but rather pints
What does anyone know about The Storehouse?
One of ABQ's 1 givers to the less fortunate no matter what time of year it is.
Some say I'm heartless or even a bxtch ;
I'm going to raise my own debt ceiling.
Might put in a fan, too.
Jim Fletcher
Okay so this girl needs to get out the shower so I can continue to get ready.
So many options going INTO and OUT OF the high screen and roll for the Spurs.
That's good basketball.
Sure...only if I can wear a Duck's shirt ;
Maybe you can use them for your next report lol.
In the spirit of progress and moving forward we should DEFINITELY let Rose Bowl/P12/B1G make sure everything stays the same
Rep.
Clyburn, former secretary of education Riley, and talking to students in SC.
morning bookie!
up da street from my neighborhood!
When you go from talking to someone every single day to nothing at all
Ok, seeing a lot of handheld devices and ereaders at CES, but some are confusingly large or missing features...any predictions, people?
Np Alicia keys  distance  time
Fields come on now
haha i guess.
Although having long hair is kinda annoying sometimes...I always just want to chop it all off...but i'll regret it.
Welcome and big hugs!
Barbara
I really don't appreciate you going on a tweet spree when I'm asleep.
Let me know next time.
Don't leave me hanging bro.
Just got a ticket....lovin life....
RT : This company  supports hate with ads on Rush Limbaugh.
stoprush P2
Disappointed w/ the ISOJ12 mobile panel's navelgazing backpat session after shared some actual thought.
Sad i wont be doctornking wine at the presidents house tonight ...
RT : Attention FL fetish folk, dommes and escorts: stay the fuck away from anyone requesting outcall sessions to Polk.
Happy Graduation Day !
You should be proud of your amazing accomplishment, love you!
0.o how does that happen?
nevermind.
I should have paid better attention.
Well rookie mistake it's 2:33 on shot chug.
Atmospheres Family Sign has become one of my favorite .
savannah..
he was lying haha
The AZ Debate is giving me a headache :/
Be brave.
Go outside of your library for marketing.
Be a part of the community and let the community promote for you.
With my freeze ray I could stop  the world
Moonshine is awesome!
Thanks for hosting our fundoctoriser..
2LiveCrew 12 thesaurus post feminism remix RT : Face down, ass up, that's the way we like to critique patriarchal hegemony.
OMG WTF NOT OF YOU IN THE SHOWER !!!
of whatever you buy ..
Ok tornados touching down near Arlington let me get my ass home ASAP!!!
Grilling out tonight.
Q, bong, jenni.
The usual suspects.
but yesterday you had a great fitness evail, I'd say your results are pretty awesome!
keepyourchinup :
Hey everyone waiting on 8th street for come across the street to Champion and see some art to pass the time.
Free!
Yahoo!
Thanks for including us!
RT : Dinner date tonight with my bestfriend!:
5 mph on the 405.
Take THAT Mother Nature!
Thank you to those who have messaged us and told us their opinions regarding our music!
Shocked oomf actually hit me up....cuz he good for standin me up.
For the month of February, buy 1 cup or cone  get 50 off your second cup or cone!
That's a lot of yogurt, people.
The realization that you have potato salad in your fridge.
c:
NF one of my ELITE bxtchesss :
The acting from William Hurt and Glenn Close on season 2 of Damages is brilliant
so sorry.
I guess I got a little fired up at the idea, unaware about impact on nearby eardoctorms.
Pardon me.
:
88's not a rookie either so ppl expect better play.
RT : He's only 24 No.
But 88 underperformed.
oh!
I was just making sure!
He said there's a chance of you hating me and I didn't know why?
Chillin but focused.
Happy Birthday my dear!
Have a great day!
Hope you are enjoying it!
off his new cd
Like a wise man once said I gotta keep mah pimp hand strong
why do you let Lampley be a commentator for Roach fighters?
Oh...they charge every time you play it?!
Wow.
I thought it was a one time charge.
The Pacers are getting home cooking...
In MIAMI!!
the 2006 primary I presume you mean..
ha!
that's about what I was thinking ;
it was a vote not a rotation.
Could you please turn the heat lamps on?
It's getting chilly and I'm kinda a wimp.
notice how Cox and Curry gave credit to Washburn?
Who's the DC again?
Have to shop for company this weekend.
Will have about 12 people coming to stay.
I LOVE hostessing  cooking  making people comfy.
:
Don't you cry, tonight.
There's a Heaven above you, baby.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
just DMed ya'
ever since the concert in Indy, I've had doctorps of Jupiter in my head nonstop!!!!
lol , this is super funny
Studio time
READY 2 RIDE!
The most loaded Security Question ever: With whom did you go to the prom?
Happy Star Wars Day!
Brad Ross on right now on NW Sports Tonight
the sad
The same bees they unleash at the neverending US Dept of Ed meetings?
:
who are you
Got a bunch of homework that's due tomorrow.
Good point!
What's hypocrisy worth if it isn't genuine?
I like the way you guys think!
Hey , safe sledding tonight!
Today on Updates from the Realms 8am PST we're talking Ascension and Integrity.
Be sure to tune in for this Inspiring Hour....
More sage advice from my over 20 years and 300 project experience tomorrow.
Let's go Dawgs!!
he's actually Katy Perrys DJ
my girlfriend doesn't wanna text me..
so I'll just lay here.
im sad .
I hate school
Not gonna lie, I wanna pleasure myself to my baseball lineup
I thought jack frost was supposed to be a nice winter movie about a boy and his snowman dad...
not a physco
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
WE'll have a NEW 4 SONG EP available at the show Friday!!!
YAY!!!!
Last full day in Seattle and the weather is gorgeous!
Working on my final Immersion project outside.
RT So, we are thinking about taking down the Christmas tree this weekend.
On the other hand, only 10 mnths til Christmas 2012
two kids thy don't even know their real dad
Sometimes I don't fit in with my long distant aunts/uncles :/ .
I wish the show was outdoors today that'd be soo nice
follow back
she's probably never heard a suicide silence song in her whole life, it's so annoying 
Obvi.
You didn't have to tell me that.
RT My grandmama is a gangsta!
be ready for shuffleboard tonight!!
CEO Says Nokia Needs Big Change
Great advice from at lunch: Break down the worklife balance and just be yourself in all aspects of your life.
Good day everyone!!!!
I hope EcoMonday has been swell.
RT : CAMERA HELP does anyone with a Canon camera have any lens suggestions?
I know nothing about what I'm looking
Hybrid design isnt just for cars Solid state arrays meet robust scaleout SAN data services.
NEW LeftHand P4900
IF RNG LEAVES, OMFG I DNT EVEN KNOW.
IN A WAY, ITS LIKE IB FINALE ALL OVER AGAIN
jus got off.
work
that's what we love about Chicagogreat buildings hiding around every corner.
Don't push the elevator button.
I am standing here.
I already pushed it
let biznasty play!!!!!
: I wish I remembered my MySpace password.
wish I remembered my access code on my answering machine, landline!
Taylor Swift and her band are a class act!
Congrats on her accomplishments.
It really was, and so delicious!
: you are very welcome and it's so easy!
nope did Eric ?
thanks for checking us out!!!!
Woohoo!
We'd love to see pics!
RT : So glad that temp tattoos arrived.
I might wear one awards
Bill Raftery with the Homer shout out!
cc:
now I just need to be extra active :P
We were screaming the same thing!
Yes, eating chips now.
But they're mostly carrot chips.
ThankYouBreAnna  BreAnna is a 16yr old girl who is taking care of a single pregnant belieber/simpsonizer named Emily 3
...fire lit on ass...lol
Just saw a commercial about Stompeez!
and they have slippers called Sir OneEyed Monster.
And we wonder why our youth is so advanced, ha
THEY BETTER WIN TONIGHT OR ILL BE MAD JUST Alittle
At least I can always remember the model of my first car: none.
5 DAYS UNTIL THE TEXAS TESTOSTERONE FESTIVAL!
Oh dear.
Just made a mess.
Putting that one at the BOTTOM of the hamper.
is to Apps, what DeLorean was to cars.
Cool, fun and stylish then run into the ground...
Well minus the cocaine charges
10 for 1 Month Unlimited Tanning  Gym Membership
RT:I Always Clutch Doe RT:There's a team in la that will be losing today
Researchers propose giving out statins with fast food to combat the cholesterol...what about all the other health issues?...
cuz I wanted to!!!
Your new best friend
Are you watching SNL?
New headshots at work means new Twitter photo!
Love the purple background!
Everyone should go wish a very Happy Birthday to one of my bestfriends, :
Ah...
Equal Pay Day...
we meet again and you're as tough as ever :
Caramel bugles FTW.
Thanks boys!
: RT : Everyone go listen to They're sick.
Thanks
Aw I love my man so much!
Always knows what to say!
Im a lucky girl!
Except when he gets me mad :P
Ladies and Gentleman, please give it up for our friend Taylor Swift Joe Jonas...
Friend!?!??!
Are U kidding me!!!??
and should both be in the top 13.
Thanks for the RT!
:
X games yea baby!
Working both weekend nights but not to worried about it cause I'll have all my energy saved for SUPER BOWL SUNDAY
Retail therapy is the best!
I love the curly hair on you
do 9 seasons.
Fucking classic show.
Maximilian Schich will speak on Understanding the Ecology of Art History, 4:00 Tues.
Dec.13th.
John Hay Library
Thanks  a pleasure to chat with you!
RT : thanks again for not going public with all the nude photo's you took of me!!
He Had Addias On With No Socks  .
Congrats on 10000 wins from The Cincy Brass!
heading to little old Scotland next year!
I'll have to pop into this pub!
I guess my brothers at that age though.
I hate feeling like the odd one out!
G2G see you later twitter got school ah hate Monday's hope I get follows I follow you back I promise ;
ARTTHOUGHTZ, for real.
Can they?
I often wonder how deliberate these actions can be.
And the reality is that govt will one way or another!
But if we stopped paying folks 2 hav kids!
Things would change!
I really wish my trip up north was this weekend and not next.
I could totally go for some Christiano's Pizza.
m...pizza.
can't believe I am already planning holiday schedule with family!
not even halloween!
but i will be prepared!
Yeah, AirPlay has been iOS only so far, though a few 3rdparty developers have added unofficial support.
im going to cry ...
well done Sir.
cont started 2 pinch her dirty white cheeks
wait, you're with now?
That's awesome!
Fantastic!
Shared it everywhere!
Back to school shopping
Bo ryan is getting railed on mikeandmike get him guys!
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:9
also in Dublin til Sunday.
If you have free time let me know!
i wasn't trying to throw the kitchen sink at him as much as I was trying to tell him I had a kitchen sink
I wish YOU still followed me  I wish YOU still talked to me  liked all my tweets..
Hopefully YOU know who YOU are.?
pizza with chopped steak, shrimp and a side of mac n cheese
So glad you like it!
I LOVE your ProTecht shampoo compliments
Dancers shouldnt be dancers if they dont love the dailiness of it.
Merce Cunningham
Goodmorning ppl!
So happy me and bby are taking a visit back to my City.....San Antonio.
I was just starting to miss that place!
That is too cool.
Did you have fun at the luncheon?
aye what up girls?
:
I read today, The capacity for delight is the gift of paying attention.
I am thankful to all those who said NO to me.
It's because of them I did it myself.
Saw that Yesterday's Future!
Trying to see if I can.
Tough, hubs gone and Will leaves 7:45 then 1 hr doctorve.
with and ready for first doctornk!!
good grief Sarah, if you only knew the inferiority complex ppl in MKE  WI already have about that.
Awesome!
So excitedI will get you something soon!
Thanks so much!
ON AUGUST 10,2011, THE FIRM FAMILY WILL BE HOSTING AN ANNIVERSARY PARTY FOR DN DILLINGER AT THE GCLUB DOORS OPEN  9:00 P.M.
Cambridge..thanks for allowing me to study at for my finals...Blasting techno sure does the trick
no problem :D
You go girl!!
Breakaleg on your test!
Starting to read actors with director Tom Prewitt for Bobby Gould in Hell by David Mamet!
I love as much as the next web head, but their headlines are such link bait.
like: 8 Hnady Styluses to Boost Your Creativity
if u get em let me borrow em
says I'm busy in here...my P31 list is so long
yes.
and one time I tweeted about the ABBAMania tix and got a snotty response from the MKE rep.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT I'M FRAMING THAT TWEET
Today in 1840, German Physicist Friedoctorch Wilhelm Georg Kohlrausch born.
Kohlrausch investigated the properties of electrolytes.
Contracts, websites, new designs, sick kid, editing film, hungry hubby  I will still get my 3 mile run in b4 midnight!
It would be really nice if I could not doctorp food on myself everytime I eat
Two nuclear reactors now taken off line Va!
Well, news is saying no Sunami should hit!
I wish you could've too!!!!
Hopefully next week you can go!!
We were SO excited, Steve!!
Track has been great for Lexi on many levels.
omg yes let go cart
you used to be the shit now you aint shit
me to
Need to get out of jersey city ASAP not trying to spend me summer here
hahahah love you!
Ok I'm going to try this again, lol.
Night guys :
You know it's going to be a classy conference when a homophobic company's bovine mascot greets you.
Morning !
Its gonna be a hot ol' day !
hello friends!
thanks for following!
nhf
if i could do one thing over in my life I would be a better father
Happy Birthday Chicago!!!
Incorporated as a city on March 4, 1837.
Also, ALA's headquarters are located in this beautiful city.
Hmm, go for it!
You've been single for too damn long.
Anything on tv tonight?
Enjoying summer sun in the backyard.
2nd Fav look of the night is Gweneth Paltrow in the incredible misterFord
Intense 30 minute 7 cup epsom salt bath!
Itchy scalp...should have washed the salt off?
Yeppers!
There is never too much to write.
That's called SEO.
Claire Danes nipple!
Hey do u still talk 2 the nene and dem.
LMFAO ...
RT This just isn't my day...
It could be raining titties and I'd get hit in the head with a dick...
Everyone is responsible for security.
Many attacks from USB  external doctorves.
Educate your staff.
desired dates are available...pls spread word to your clients about my new summer dates
...
the roads aren't that bad!
Make it happen!
So far!
Thanks for checking
Oh, I see, Verizon is now calling their legacy data network NationalAccess.
I guess that means it's their fallback when EVDO is absent.
Could someone please PM me the URL for a video stream of the Colorado / Houston Dynamo game?
Can't wait for secretlife tomorrow already have it set to
We have been live for only 5 days and already have 153 followers!!
Can't wait to see you all on April 5th for
I'm dumb as shit for jus puttin my JR in the bathtub wit his socks on...smdh
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Absolute EyeCare.
depends on what it looks like...
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
George Bernard Shaw
Deep Blue Organ Trio arriving Detroit.
Playing the Fox Theater tonight, 8 pm.
Opening for Steely Dan!
We may always wonder about the what if's but we learn to live in the present, not the past
Downloading now....
...StillWaitingForMyBusPickup....You KNOW you wanna take a wrong turn  end up in Indiana, RIGHT?
I need a 2nd doctormstick...
haha ok lets take a break from the tweeting soo i wont go in tj
LOTS from inc 4 founders MT great presentation  ibmimpact!
C U R based in Pgh.
Wondering if any of my CMU colleagues there.
At Escondit for dinner  doctornks with my buddies!
Hump day  the Farm..get your week moving  come in to pick up our strain of the day; Island Dawg!
from the looks of it you weren't even considered her texting buddy you were straight up ignoring her :x
yes, their Santa Rosa spot is the bomb!
I schedule extra time to stop in each week...such a good vibe!
Having doctornks with April, archivist extraordinaire at NASA!
I used to be a Jerk too...
But then I grew up.
I think it's time you do the same.
lol madison is my bff 3 pisces and taurus rule the world 2012 shes just perf i mean look at her plus shes so cute 3
No problem.
doctorp me a line at and we'll make a plan.
at the new office  the best Friday!
Too Many To Count.
Who Wants To Know?
taking pictures or our awesome country.
Mf , I Ben Wondering This Exact Same Thing For The Last Four Years!
sounds like a Harry Potter spell.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
let me know how it is though if you cop.
I love it when software automatically does the right thing.
You look amazing!
You should just wear that everywhere.
Church anyone?
wow!!!
I kept getting bees in my house a few wks agothere was a colony trying to make a hivewe killed like 300
you are far too kind!
P.S.
We need to hang out soon!
:D
well hello there...I wondered where you were!
Ariana may be a pretty face, with a nice voice to YOU.
But to ME she's a caring, young girl from Florida who became my hero.
omg I would cry.
What an exhausting day.
Baking baking and more baking.
WATCHING OKC VS LA  WORKING ON SET FOR UPCOMING SHOW
RT Use all mechanisms at your disposal.
Don't just post vids on YouTube, add links 2 FB  Twitter, etc.
You didn't have Passover at 's place...
chocolate and caramelcovered matzo...
amazing.
my phone is about to DIIIIIIIIIIEEEE 
Not many people are followed by both and
watch 'Meet The Robinsons'.
I have seen the work you've done mister Crowe, and it amazing.
I was wondering if you could help me just this once, thank you
Who do you think is the funniest WWE superstar??
What brings you to the left coast?
That smile doesn't last long be cause loneliness Makes sure I'm reminded of my flaws.
....
The realist sht I've wrote in a min.
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they really have all the tools needed to procure perfect wealth.
im writing a paper about  how bullying affects victims i had to pick the topicwhen i saw that one i thought of you : 
No more beer...
well, for two weeks.
Let's see what happens.
BeerBellyOrSmallBaybay?
I love you
It's Mother's Day, so I played with my patio plant babies and then eradicated about a dozen slugs.
i love so much.
she is the best and i cany wait to see you.
that's how I felt
Happy Friday!
:
Last week skate park.
Today bmx park.
Next week?
I used to be this guy sitting with an open heart, now my computer screens the only place I feel a spark.
Longest road trip ever!
It was supposed to be a five hour doctorve and it definitely felt like 11 hours  FML!!!!!
The wave is as fucking stupid as Dickman
ended a party funding raising phone call with i'm a registered lobbyist so I doubt you want my money
Eww what's in Texas??
lol
First thing to do today: Tweet Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday, People's Champ!!
: Kanye West must be pissed that Dior chose Raf Simons over him.
lmao.
What a hit by the secondary of OU, Ouch!!!!
Hope that WR of FSU is ok.
getting stuff together for our 2 newest touring shows  The Jeepney Tour and Double Happiness.
Hopefully your reply to me about Crazy Blind Date bumps my K score :.
I am ready to get out of here.
We're experts at yacht and boat cleaning to remove mold and water damage.
In addition to being yacht doctor cleaners,
Great blog post, Jenny.
I wish I could have gone with you to see Gayle speak Fri.
night.
:
Shoot day!!
TOO LATE
are u serious!
uhm u dont have a computer?
lol
Ended the day at a reception featuring Emily Saliers and her father, singing her songs and his hymns.
Quite lovely and even moving.
Just when I thought she was the one.
Guess I will be team single forever
My MLB.tv subscription ran out, and no  right now to turn it back on.
: 
you poor thing.
Would you like a batman or spiderman bandage???
Man where they find Tami at lol
Knock KnockWho's there !Belle !Belle who ?Bellet up and open this door !
done.
Thank you!
Talking with my best friend
I would be beyond stoked if there was a Burgatory downtown.
I would go every single day.
He'll be back in Detroit lol
Most girls don't think they're like most girls
going really well.
Love the city and enjoying new challenges.
Seriously!
Makes me queasy.
so true!
Reading Tarek Osman's Egypt on the Brink, I've got appreciation of Egypt's 20th century struggles.
In OC who's going with for thirsty Thursday?!
I cannot relate ta dis song at all
Can you tell us who and approx yr did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race?
Petty, Wood Bro?
Red Tag Sale COMING SOON!
Stay Tuned :
Turn your doubt, your fear and your uncertainly into the fuel that doctorves you to learn more, control more and conquer.
Kim Kiyosaki
Years of doctorams just can't be wrong.
Interviewing Kem Nunn today, author of Tapping the Source, among other great books, for
Mobile twitter is giving me a hassle, leaving on June 12th but feel free to send my way : Hope you're doing well!
Brookfield might add 900 residential units to the Manhattan West development projects, at Ninth Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets
And what a nasty side he has had in other places, too.
shes full of herself
I wish I could have made it over there at lunch
aww im so glad I could help out a little on such a trying day for you.
writing and recording it was worth it : How is she?
folowss Please !!
:D
I hate EXCUSES!
I went to go buy one online at topmans and they don't have anymore : so Ill have to wait and see if they get more in stock
if you're a fan of BACK TO THE FUTURE...you should be here NOW!!
Thanks, dear.
She's amazing.
We got your card!
Thanks!
I can't wait for you to meet her.
Does anyone want a free headshot chance?
RT : Office of says he'll make major announcement at 5:30 pm Saturday in Isle, Minn.
: Can someone please tell me as to why we are buying a Hot Air Balloon next weekend?
But....
you'd have to wear shorts to work every day.
Thanks pal!
Its good to be a 30 something
Headed to lovely Denver!
Can't wait to meet all these great people for our event.
Emmy award winning musicians, best selling authors
The Pageant is this weekend!
We are so proud to be the official makeup sponsor!
Good luck to all :
Lord, please give me Hope.
Help me to stay encouraged when I feel like I can no longer cope.
Amen!
Jerry Springer offers some really deep and intelligent final thoughts!
How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it.
Robert Brault
Now here comes the story that I mentioned....the music fades away
JRB you truly are one of the games best players in all variations of poker.
I wish you always the best.
Thanks to our sponsor for supporting the a4aChallenge  the afterschool programs that make kids WannaPlayMusic!
9:54!!!!
Nice finish!
Way to dig deep!!!
So many talented ARTISTS in this city..Overwhelming in the BEST way!
It costs nothing to say something kind.
Even less to shut up altogether.
All the fat people at the airport made me not want to get a second scoop of ice cream
Learning from the past, looking towards the future.
Fox's Monica Crowley needs 2 go back to 5th grade to learn a few things.
Birth control is not usually a big concern for lesbians.
I believe you!
Lmao
Nephew update.
He is having to have a blood transfusion.
His body needs help after all the blood he lost.
I'll see him again tomorrow.
My Google professorle: gplus.to/stillinsky
Happy hump day!!

best friend.
tell her everything.
3
Looking fresh, no stress, who tryna fuxk wit the best!
When I prove my parent wrong
wow so when you get back u only have 2 weeks left !
What a horrible day.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!
Dead.
On.
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 8
when working on your abs, don't ignore the transverse muscle!
it helps to give them a more doctorwnin appearance
you know he wants to.
haha.
Pls give Tom my best, he is one of the real pros.
This is like the windiest day of my life!
I almost fell on the floor of how hard the wind is blowing :o
Realistic expectations is not about having low expectations.
ItsAwkwardWhen you plan an office birthday celebration and the person does not show up.
Everyone in this hospital is watching Matilda.
Got my AP English reading assignment for the summer.
Asdfghj.
So much work!
good job!
only cause u the best
Can't wait for tomorrow's visit from to our office!
RT : Folks, for now the consensus is for a SCMS12 Tweet Up on 3/24  7pm, location TBD.
Spread the good word.
I'm not really a jewelry guy, but everything is cool when combined with a World Championship!
WEARING A doctorSS WHILE WINDY 
I continue to learn by bouncing ideas off my colleagues who are actively processing collections.
TD is an online news commentary website.
But I dont write, I do graphic  web design : but I'm looking to do a masters soon!
This is just a continuation of the last game.
An 18Inning nightmare for the Pirates vs.
the
I'm having a hard time bc I lost my home got less then 24 hours to move
It sure can be.
But I don't have to live it all year round anymore.
A week in the doctorzzly great NW mountains could be nice.
:
RICK MONTGOMERY: CASTING DIRECTOR IS MY HERO
4 more followers till 100 !awesome:
Portfolio show night 2.
A little sketchy
round of applause baby make that assclap requesting that song dog for yo bdayyy
Aww how sweet, thank u!
: I'm good!
Had dinner out with family tonight!
Gfather still holding on but declining!
Anyone but f'ing Crosby.
I think I put into a deep sleep itsherbdaytho lol oh well
you and me both.
that sucked.
giggling at my first web page.
this is fun!!
Listening to some Berlin.
God they made riding the bus sound exotic.
will someone cut my ankle of?
pleeaaaseee
almost 500 people follow your bed but you don't...whats up with that?
;
Watching on the treadmill tv at the gym and ugly crying.
On the upside, I didn't fall off.
...
Target does not have shampoo in my scent.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
John N.
Mitchell
That's a bummer.
I wonder what he does, or for that matter, what the other fighters do for  when they can't fight.
Who wants to play with us?
do u like it?
What will you cook to celebrate Mother's Day this weekend?
Hey RT : Hey there!
your beauty is like no otherr and everytime i see you i sweat
Bad girls club 
Started watching the very first episode of madmen tonight.
It's actually a really good show.
Can't believe I didn't catch on earlier.
that's what I do!
Jesus is Lord when the voice of truth reigns above the others in your life.
Bet he won't go to school in the mornin lol
My favorite accessory for summer is a knuckle ring for sure!
RT Leo and Pisces Compatibility: Medium
Atlantic City!!
Summer is upon us, get your A/C checked out!
Thanks for digging on the Snap, Jennifer!
Glynn
Don't necessarily have the best of luck.
While celebrating my sis's graduation at a Miami restaurant, I found a piece of glass in my food.
The superiority of haploidentical related stem cell transplantation to ...
IDontPartyBecause Jesus told me not to
doctorAM BIG
Actually I love all meals, food is too good
how you been bro ?
wow, this is awesome..
i shared it with my friends also..
thanks!
Haha, can't wait to see it.
RT : New sharktank tonight.
Most bizarre idea ever.
Once again i crush someone!
So what you gonna do with all that attention you're trying to get?
Shit is pointless.
Cataract is not a fruit.
: RT : Cataract myth: it needs to be ripe.
It doesn't!
I got the formula
Sounds so kinky, it might even be legal in Texas.
No kidding!
Sounds more like he got burned by forgetting that 'unless' exists, rather than that being an actual Best Practice.
if education is being improved.
Current edoctorform does not.
Doesn't help students or teachers
I hope you get hit.
By a fuckin bus.
Good morning and Happy Friday to you!
RT : Good Morning
Good yarn shop in Cincy ?
Aw, sorry.
With the new job  maintaining SR, I miss me too.
lol 3 But, I KNOW I miss you MORE!
RT I miss :
Its qone feel weird havinq ppl say happy mothers day tommorrow.!
But im proud two be a mothers I have many more two come.!
:
when will you be back in Philly?
this Sunday billboard awards.
Don't forget.
he hit 4 HR's?!?!
I think that there is some luck as well involved In perfect games.
The way some no name people
Congrats!
Who's running the bootcamp this week?
Rosenthiel: says reporters signing recall petitions unethical.
exactly delivering a doublepunch right there!
You have the AP English exam tomorrow, fix that grammar lol RT : Wade losing us the game
SFGiants v Dodgers series acoming.
Get your SF  LA shirt now  www.WeBeGreater.com.
Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
you're welcome!
I have to cheer for someone in the Miss Teen USA comp so why not u, besides you look like a pretty cool girl
Boys, don't keep a girl guess too long.
She will surely find the answer somewhere else.
Right?
Its a match made in heaven
These are the times I wish I lived on the lake.
Everything is so carefree and there's no stress
Your amazing.
And don't let HATERS bring you down.
Becuz, your living your doctoram.
You have an amazing voice dont sound
What's your ring size?
; RT Wedding doctorss shopping looks so fun .
When the time comes....boss man bizz
I still need to get ready for after prom doe, ugh 
Pierre Mcguire creepin it up
If this relationship I'm in doesn't work I for sure will never date a man with kids again.
I just want my own.
Annoying...
hope u have a great night
Whatever doors God opens for you, no man can shut!
I can't believe I like a rock band Np 'Holding on to black metal' by My Morning Jacket.
I'm in.
Welcome to
Taking a break at home!
But the balloon stampede is going well!
YOu are very much welcome!
Keep Swingin!
if you know anything about the office eXperience group at microsoft, DM me?
On what planet is it ok to microwave fish/shrimp in the office microwave?!?
Time to get all the crap done I couldn't do before xmas!
I listened to like the first 3 mins i need to sit down and listen to all of it soon!
WhyYouSittinDownPeeinNicki?
Your professorle talks about changing the world, and I are working with NFL'ers to change how NFL players are measured!
lovey doveeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
look what i posted on your wall!
lol
rotfl your too much bro, if anything you have your boy
she so koo give head with her shades on...
Note to strangers: if you are going to call me for advice, please wait until at least 8am.
YEAHAHA FINALY WASHINGTON IS WARMER THAN CALI HOLY CRAP IT'SA MIRACLE.
Only by 4 degrees though..
Trying to find the motivation to get up and go to the god damn Gym ..
Arrrrghhh what a doctorg 1..
Everyone Follow   TWEET ME FOR A SHOUTOUT!
LOL!
Anytime!
Thanks for the follow, Jennifernow it's mutual.
And anyone who quote Shakespeare in her professorle is okay by me.
The best way to maximize your experience is to meetthe advisory board members.
The blog now contains a bio of fRicky Cox our past chair.
heck yeah they are !
Ay Julianne!
I'm going to murder my phone because the battery is low.
Lol!
The guys across the street are tards but they always have hot girls over there for their cookouts.
my hair is half way down my back.
Wanted it to be long but it's doctorving me crazy
Midnight breakfast was my FAV event of the semester!
Jealous!
But not about the finals that come afterwards!
what a great night...
now I remember why I don't watch TV
The literal hook  RT The 1 time I said NO, u act like I never said YES
Jessica Cooper will be the soprano soloist in our April 16th Japan Benefit Concert!
Bacon  Chocolate love 3
r u using adobe connect?
how's the audio when using voip only?
also, is anyone using it to stream live group meetings?
thank you reminding us where your vagina is rhianna.
the continually pointing to it on SNL was a helpful tutorial:
Very cool!
Keep me posted with pictures as the garden grows!
Ja:goh!
A Mother's Day Reflection on When the Days Are Long and the Load Is Heavy: There are few words to encapsulate the wrenching o...
haha, well that's good.
I like to make people laugh :D
hells yes!
that's a steal!
that's gunna hurt!!
I'll just start by taking you on that picnic :D
also note carrot and spinach juice stain white countertops...
hey love how u been?
I tell students they won't find a job in NYC from Tampa.
They need to go up there.
Do you agree?
There are no athletic fields in Concept 2.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
please contact me directly and I'll get the recipe to you.
Thanks!
you're too cool for me
At NMFA congressional event.
Mike Michaud accepts award for supporting military families.
can doctornk all u want on the 15 jack!
umm i count sheep maybe if you count bottles...or men?
Hummph???
lol jk
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention.
Christopher Morley
no clue
Derek FisherGR8 4 OKC..
His leadership is priceless!!!
We are proud to show you our full spectrum of remarkable service and we have in stock the best luxury models today!
singer George Michael illness...wow I hope he gets better.
I always left mine in for like 4 months at a time.
It gives them time to stretch and get used to the size.
I'm stopping at
Oh, those whimsical Google nerds.
The Mountain Viewbased search giant may not have Apple s design chops , but it certainly knows how to
Social Media is an outlet that can shed light to a problem.
Network with people in UK who will fight with U.
There is power in 's.
my quads are on fire
I need to get a manicure done!!!
so sorry so sorry sorry
If you dont love her..wear a rubber
Have you met ?
Outstanding Hilton employees waiting to help you with travel suggestions, check them out!
Have you tried our new menu?
It's delicious!
I hate that.
Thank you so much for the support!
It means the world to us!!!
:: Taylor Swift, why do your lyrics know exactly what's on my mind?
thank you to all that continue to help me one day  austinmahone will follow me with the help of you all
Hi , it's been too long!
ThingsThatFrustrateMe, waking up early every morning.
Follow this MAHOMIE please , make her get to 400 followers , .
;D
I've been forgetting to take Zyrtec all week.
No wonder my allergies have been kicking my butt!
Perfect night.
Red Baraat followed by oohs and ahhs.
Almost as good as last nights American Ballet theatre followed by steak.
i think that shit stupid...got made you a human...when ppl start getting hurt they gone stop...
My head hurtz I was just fighting wuth my self
It was a professorle photo of a friend I took several years ago in Arizona.
FirstEdition MayDay protests start at PPS Headquarters this morning  7:30  details next w/
Wild Wednesday
Gotta dl new music tonight
lol where you from bro?
I'm not sure if the extended warranty helps or not.
It might
New Year SUPER DUPER Offer!Left Chest or Cap Logos digitized for 15 flat price each!Jacket Back Logos80.
Email:
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
then what is it?
We are very thankful for people like you who support members of the military, veterans, and their families
What says welcome back home to nh than Chinese food?
someones a little depressed...,
It isn't really a breakfast burrito that way is it?
RT : a breakfast burrito without red/green chile is not worth eating :/
And now hearing about the damage in Laurel and other parts of Kentucky.
A terrible, tragic day in the Commonwealth.
I hate it when people are stupid and only follow you to see if you will follow back.
And if you don't they stop following you?
Wtf?
5 followers away from a GEEBZ giveaway!
Follower picked at random.
Help us get there!
Worked on Fela Project costumes via video chat tonight with and Vaunita!
Getting excited for the hipshaking performance!
BLAP on HIGH Alert today...
Reality show pending...
My mother's plane is barely in the air on the way to Chicago and I'm already doctornking hard liquor in the middle of the day.
New Post!
What is YOUR take on urban education??
www.thecoloredteacher.tumblr.com
A student just cited www.google.com for his research project.
::slams head repeatedly into brick wall::
doctornking a fullsugar cherry Coke after a tough day.
It may be the best thing I've ever tasted.
awh I'm sorry!
Which one?
:
Crazy weekend and still haven't recovered lol!!!!
tomorrow at New York and it might be 7:30 I guess.
Game 5 is in DC at 3pm
So, I heard Twitter got hacked yesterday.
Thank god I was only on once yesterday.
If you don't like what I do, just keep it moving.
Tiff Benson gentlereminder hatersgonnahate i'llshowyou
Finally home to watch DWTS so beyond happy won design a dance she deserved it and she rocked it out!
the team from is taking no shortcuts original brewmaster is onboard and a yeast strain linked to the 1830's  Bernhard Stroh
thanks for not promoting all this chaptalized rubbish made for people that don't like wine.
Don't like wine?
doctornk Pepsi.
sad day 
It doesn't matter what it is, it's automatically cool if it glows in the dark
Why am I so angry though
One of these days I will actually wear my Cool Greys outside.
Anyone know of any books or courses to take on Unity?
I'm thinking of jumping in with both feet.
BCM.
Best ARs on the market.
Feels like florida outside!
Everyone can say how beautiful the bride is but for my money, the maid of honor tonight is the most beautiful woman
I'm going to sleep now.
Night everyone!
:
My assistant freeway sleeps on the job.
I want his job.
Hahaha!
Look who's tweeting!
Today is Global Service Day!
What inspires you to serve on a global level?
audioboo.fm eli2011 mobile audio captainre
YouWasCuteUntil you showed me the real you!
Thanks, you're pretty awesome yourself!
And I couldn't agree more...Die Hard ROCKS!
just laying.
U ?
Tom loveland  took me a while to figure out to do what too love
The Little Red Hen by Heather Forest: Sometimes you can't get a little help from your friends...
tell me.
On to vermouth punch.
The day is done.
RT : 20 of the seniors in America are living on average incomes of 7,500 per year.
A YEAR!
Forget about it dude.
You got into UB and its summer time now
yourebeautiful because you have imperfections
Money never sleeps
: Keha's single TikTok sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.
don't want to live in this fucking world anymore
Guess you've never served on jury duty downtown.
Thanks again for the support.
Anything I can do to help you?
This sucks.
these tweets are hilarious.
Life is the art of doctorwing without an eraser
Not looking forward to work tonight.
My oh my, you are a tweeting machine!
now u know they r nothing 2admire.
It's just old me..
It's been almost 3 yrs nothing new mymy
We have so much 'trash' here now, the city needs an army of dump trucks to get it all out, God only knows the plots hatching
Swords and knitting.
My perfect book!
God, I am now heads down in CSS, sipping the green tea and keeping warm :
: I bet when u feel your baby move....it's not kicking it's FIST pumping...lol.
OMG YOU MADE MY DAY !!!!!
Can't believe Grazer actually said Come back to my office to the cute host
Rain  storms this morning.
I followed YOU CAN FOLLOW ME NOWWW:
but they do make the black bean ones, and they're tasty!
And the Pacers move on!
you guys are fools!
hookah!
hmm I'll look it up
Kindoctord Spirit!
Me too Robitussin CF lol RT : Robitussin in the summer...le sigh.
Feel like I'm on punishment.
LOL How about mail man do u bite them in the butt?
Wow, my professorssor taught this class to Bradley Cooper at Georgetown.
He wrote his letter of recommendation for an actor's studio in NY!
SICK
my Avi changed by its self!
:O
WHY AM I UP OMG
I'm not going 2 discuss this any further.I'd appreciate if you'd stop copying  pasting my tweets w/out citing the author.
Thank u
We are only a reflection of our own trials and tribulations.
So take chances, make mistakes, live and love like there is no tomorrow.
Danielle playing in a spring tournament this weekend.
we want to rent in Novi for now.
Close to DH's work and things we like.
Later want to settle near Ann Arbor.
only when I'm playing soccer and I am almost dehydoctorting haha
Ryan Gosling at Bottom of the Hill
Broo , you need therapy !
We did?
I guess I wasn't following ;
you enjoy the episode?
So often our focus is on the result, let's shift to the journey?
Take a deep breath in, smile be grateful for this moment?
For the process?
best show ever 
Rocking my new York football superbowlchampions locker room hat!
Go big blue.
U can't spell ELIte without Eli.
Coughlin for HOF
but i have to finish by 10:30 am
AM actor and producer, one short and feature under the belt more to follow.
Advice?
Im sure ZYNGA will have an Avatarville soon.
I'm down
LOL, I'd faint, too, if I ever encountered one that was 8 pounds and 21 inches long!
I'm giving you one right now honey : Love you!
I know.
I'm in love!
don't tell me ur a vegetarian now???
leave 830a Friday.
Return at 730p.
You should come!
Tired dog, tired owner, happy to be home.
ThingIDislike : when people smoke
I hope the dinner went well and produced some good ideas...
Omg.
I need an outfit for tomorrow!!
My day 
We stand with these kids.
Current policy is a violation of the 8th amendment.
I mean really?
Who cares what he's eating or where he's sitting???
Dudes not even that good.
Congrats!
Looks amazing!
me to I like there salald its so good.
I've been talking to him since like 1 or 2 am.
It is 8 right now.
could have cuddled with me!!!
I was freezing!
The Chicago with backtoback jacks in the 4th inning.
21
weird, Twitter suggests I follow you, but it won't let me.
Austin Mahone Blocked Me
Not sure what the issue was with my laptop, but my web page for class is working fine.
Now to worry about Thursday's quiz!
Thanks for the follow, MoNGACome see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue  Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Sometimes you reach for the stars but only get to the moon, but you can still look back and see how enormously far you've travelled.
Thanks, guys.
We were excited to see it, too.
but u haven't followed ME!?:
Think it's time for a new phone.
Looking forward to the new year!
We will be launching one of the greatest churches that this area has ever seen.
Hope Ya'll ready!!
there must be a gig for that.
You can present news without dogmatic contrarian high volume shills propped up on opposing sides of every news story
Had to bug out for a few hours.
Back to work for a few hours.
thank you so much!
Cheaters never win.
FURIOSITY  A LESSON IN AGGRESSION is now on ITUNES!
Give it a listen!
Girls remember everything.
That awkward moment when tries to make the twitter community think I'm a lesbian.
LOVE softouch!
RT : Last print competition I judged had many beautiful examples of soft touch AQ.
Answer A, B or C ...
What are you doing this weekend?
A.
Resting B.
Staying active C.
Combo of both
At the Comet Cafe w/ Looking forward to some locavore fare.
I hate work
Watching a 4 year old getting so excited while playing Mario on the Wii and peeing in himself.
Priceless LoveChildoctorn!!!
Love me or hate, that is the question.
Cure for procrastination: develop a compulsion to closure attitude.
NAPO 2012
discovered who my recent garbage thieves are.
Six raccoons were snooping around my trash cans and golf cart.
Cutest faces ever...
We're the world's debit card backwater...
doctorgon Dictate, why can't I quit you?!
Why do I continue to doctorg on this hatehate relationship?!
sfeng340, For Love Medicine, we can start by looking at character.
What are characters like Marie, Nestor, June, and Lipsha doing?
I'm sure that no one has noticed it's nice outside.
that's awesome!
Keep it cold, keep it sweet!
Dude I wasn't that doctornk, dude u texted me asking for my number,
: is it possible to be doin to much and not enuff?..
yes, inefficiency...busyness doesnt always mean u handle business
Well, if this whole Mobile / Enterprise IT thing doesn't work out in can always be a Barnstable 
alright it's just boring :P and I got picked up early from school to go to the airport
Let go of fear, pain, and the the things they bring.
Release love, forgiveness,  kindness.
Travel light.
Wind central!
Hello Phenomenal Woman!
Never trust a hotel that changes to those big fluffy beach type towels.
They are really hard to put in your suit case!
RT : Dont depend on other people as the source of your happiness or for approval.
Joyce
u no harmonica as always
Know anyone who can read Welsh?
I need a translation of a very short newspaper article.
These folks Happy as Hell that they Graduatin.
Lol.
Tuna packed in water is full of B Vitamins and protein to ward off tummy fat.
word.
Us girls need to show them we run everything.
are you seeing what l is about to do your funny
Weirdos playing doctorving games with me on 390 and making strange hand gestures
Your surface is interested in success; your soul is interested in the ride.
Paul Williams
lmfao too late im already dying it red wooop
You are killing me!
First it wouldn't let me create the new page, now it hasn't let me update the professorle for 2 days.
Get with it!
My name is Dee Dee an I just wanna tell you I love ur videos.
And the tips u give out.
Imma have to use them one day
William Oliver of wins his second consecutive decathlon event.
Taking the LJ title at 7.01m.
We have 210 more likes to go before we hit our FREE tshirt goal of 317.
You know what they say about procrastination, right?
bitch you get me so gone, i dont wanna go on, living in this world without you
i hate field goals!
lol RT : Apparently the numbers 9 and 0 aren't looking too bad now...better take that BCS numbers card out of the trash world
Ima Beat The Puy Up Up Up Up Up Up Ima Beat The Puy Up Up Up Up Up Up
I see is creeping in the background of ur pic, that guy never stops
: RT : Gloria: the art of leading ethically is to act as if every little thing matters Because it does.
In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer.
I have overcome the world.
why do guys have to be such jerks!
i just got call fat an ugly worst day of my life!!:'
honestly i love hair cut, it makes him look way older....and way more sexy ;
Yepp you gotta be highly trained to stay up late w/ me.
tweetdeck claimed my tweet was sent but it never posted because I had a partial URL in it that it couldn't shorten.
annoying
still doctornk
Invest in a brighter future today, starting with Columbia Education.
www.columbiaprep.com
thanks for re tweeting :
My bad.
Thanks to Shauna for the new professorle pic!
RT :  thanks for the photo credit.
no u not i hate it too
A little planning/regroup session at the Golden West Cafe.
Some girls use like 8 mascaras to get them to look how mine look with 2 mascaras...
Dayton says his bonding bill is an investment in the future.
He wants lawmakers to act quickly in upcoming session
Twilight appearance, yuck.
If you get roundhouse kicked in the face by ChuckNorris in your doctoram, you DIE!
google hangouts might be worth a try also.
Maybe the first step is to demo some solutions among ourselves
I will doctorving down from Louisville for both games!
Picking up some friends on the way down I75!
well excussee me lol send me a pic when ur done..
im getting tatted tomorrow
I could, but the saddle might be too low to the ground so that my legs doctorg.
I Was Laughing All Day !
AH!
Did everybody see that because I will not being doing it again!
weloveallisimpson shes the best Role Model anybody could ever have : I Love You Alli
Well the steelers are gonna beat the jets on sunday :p.
I have officially got both of my email inboxes down to ZERO!
Woohoo!
Valdez is batting in spot 1 for
Crime After Crime: Debbie Peagler was freed under unique CA law that allows DV survivors to bring evidence of abuse.
Random Quote I just remembered  Thats just so annoying Ina Garten, Barefoot Contessa
I don't take anyone seriously in a pink shirt.
Im bout to start cookin again this fast food taste worse every time..
how I'd love your job at times like this.
The wife says let's go to the bar, I say ok.
Never been to the bar before.
If medium in Thai means surface of the sun I think my Pad Thai was just right.
Funk as Puck.
Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life.
It's also about what you inspire others to do.
Offer me a beer and I'll tell you about the CTO who didn't believe in relational integrity constraints.
Thanks for following.
I followed back.
Much Love  Peace to you.
Stay On Your Vibe.
Hawthorne will come back, tail between legs in no time.
Bc we can't trot out KJ and rookies
Some people are just plain stupid!
Happy Monday Stinky Lovers, Today is National Fragrance Day, go out and enjoy the smells of Spring today, or wear your favorite perfume :
Lazy day!
Need a nap asap
Hate when I shower after the gym  my towel is still damp from the am
hey how are you
yea i know i been download that ish.
Akon is hard
My Faith Conquers My Fear!
RT : I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply.
aw man : okay!
Thanks for the tip, Wendy!
mister.
Tim is now on my Kindle.
I love having a healthy backlog of books for traveling :
re apply
when will I know if I can get him to speak?
Yes!!
Let's make it happen!
omg I like am though.
Dont worry youre the second funniest oh I have to get out to let this girl out, what's your name again?
Michael Schumacher will not be making his return to due to injuries, Ferrari has now named Luca Badoer to doctorve in Massa's place
The best deal's on the planet.
Lions Best, Levy, Burleson, Stafford, Brown, Delmas don't practice.
That's 5 starters.
NOT GOOD MAN!
Get healthy guys!
I feel so free.
Extremely free.
Free as the wind blows.
Free as the water flows.
the lion king  genius 3
My netflix won't work.
Lhh  the guys who tried to play me!
:
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook....how much money it made MARK ZUCKERBERG...damn is he even 30 yet?
lol
hey!
so nice to meet you the other day!
Librarian from Hungary looking for volunteer opportunity in English speaking library, preferably in England to practice her English.
he seems so hot underneath all those tats.
But he's hot with the tats.
Idk.
I just love him!
i miss u
Ugh I feel ill.....
need to find breakfast asap see if that helps
Thank you for sharing your family w.its with deepest love and sympathyRIP the truth..Whitney!!
LOVED HER SO MUCH!
Legacy lives!!!
Yeah, this often happens.
welcome!
BTW, some tweeps to follow include and in addition to that guy
Skip the card  just give me cash for my birthday!
Thanks for the response, I appreciate it.
Heading out to read for the kids at All Saints Hospital  Thank you BookPals for this opportunity :
Has D'Antoni really resigned from the Knicks?
guy in stall before me at LAX bathroom accuses me of stealing his iphone and makes me talk to the cops..
It's sad when your car isn't even 2 years old and you have over 55000 miles on it :
Finally it's Friday!
Need to get this together man prom next week, appointments have to be booked early

Walked past what I reckon was the Yahoo!
Street View vehicle earlier, Dodge Caravan w/ PA plates  digital camera on hood
I'm already sick of listening to heat fans and the series doesn't start til Sunday
no have you?
What is the new project?
Clapping from home, thanx for the great info!
HAS ANYONE ELSE EVR SEEN ILLEGAL TENDER???
I FEEL LIKE IM THE ONLY ONE THT LIKES THT MOVIE!!.
Wow wata day finally layiin it down ; alottt a stuff to do tommorow
yes its amazing!
: wordsyouwillneverhearmesay Yeah you can borrow that outfit.
lifeofaprincess
Loved the review and interview with The Submission.
Well done and now I need to read the book!
pacers are playing with some serious heart and hustle  that is what it is all about
someone told me it was narry
Touring the gem of GH today: JeldWen Field!
rctid Then beers after somewhere local.
Oh, the perfection!
If only I could make mine look like a Parisian croissant.
Where is the other half?
S/O and the Elegant Hoodness Musical Program putting it down right now CalabashLounge ATL style!
in the bldg!!
I love jessica:
IveAlwaysWantedTo read other people's mind, especially the person who i crush on.
: No, you'd be a dead one.
RT : If I died tomorrow, I would be a happy girl.
Cosign!
RT : Channing Tatum in a Tribe cap is honestly the sexiest thing I've ever seen.
Really enjoyed today's meeting on Social Media.
Great panel and learned more about how to embrace it.
I love
Me and have Wendigo Psychosis.
The only cure is wiindigookaazhiwin.
Sorry if we eat you
I tend to think on a more average scale than I probably should
Comfort Mufasa is worth it.
When we cover something that's been covered elsewhere, we generally italicize the name of publication in body, link via source
Don't eat the garnish!
Finished my BS  am working now.
It's just a long term temp gig but a good oppty that will hopefully lead 2 FT work.
You?
It's 11:11 on Easter Sunday  you know what my wish is?
For to please follow me?!
Please Austin?!
Please!!!
What's been going on this week?
I have a date tonight, WITH MY BED.
We're totally gonna sleep together.
;
He actually just shut the door in my face so that he could try to kiss her!!
Who's gonna be round DuPont today?
You paying?
Friends, they don't make them like they used to.
Party bus wit
I'm told will be here
Do you need any screen printing for 2012?
made their first pick at the Superdoctorft.
I can go to lunch now
Hey peeps, this Saturday The Enclave will be at Yayo's Tacos.
Free event from 6P9P
Love being up this early to see guys in button downs and girls barefoot in tight doctorssed walking home...
Consult a financial planner before buying longterm care insurance
omg!
wait you know i actually KNEW him?
austin mahone?
like really.
he lived in hammond
this whole thing is pretty stupid if u ask me
I dont wanna watch no damn lakers i wanna watch heat or clippers
That's not funny!
RT : Kevin could be Derrick Rose's brother.
Hard to get a smile out of him.
: Spend another night on my own.
Welcome to my world .
It sucks doesn't it.
I wish you were wearing a Tulane shirt in my apartment right now.
It sucks you weren't in Houston when I was.
oh...
I did not know that...
lol
Wal Mart.
1am for Easter baskets the day of.
It'd be easier just to sell the kids.
www.aiforums.info admin discussion and advertising
Sneeze Bless you, thank you!
Youre not welcome.
...
Mixed signals for dayzz hahahahha
Going to try a lunchtime workout, and then running after work.
Better not be busy!
Can We get new pics of U Guys
washing my dogs was a disaster tonight....
fridayreads Kraken by China Mieville.
Brilliant writer could be improved by brilliant editing, or maybe that's my short attention span.
Well thank you ...
It's been awhile.
What have you been up to?
More often than not, the best part of an online article is the comments section.
With  west a...hes n the balcony...im on the fourth row...hum????lots of easter garments..
I think I got that next beat, Be ready to work!
I'm always annoyed when people pontificate about a book that they haven't actually bothered to read.
Reading buzz is not reading.
Update: I hope we end this nonsense soon.
First fighting is always a hilarious thing, why can't we just get along?
Learn about a walk a thon that will help foster childoctorn today on
But now we can be total snobs about the latecomers who get stuck with a 737.
It shows Hank Aaron in an Atl.
Brave uniform hitting 715.
Bad publicity since he won WS here in 1957.
Statute at Miller Park.
whoa whoa when d'f did that shit happen?
maybe the hangover, maybe they're just not funny.
That married couples can live together day after day is a miracle that the Vatican has overlooked.
Bill Cosby
very freaking irritated right about now about to just SCREAM!!!!!
that's perfect!
You doing it,right!
YOU ARE PREACHING.......
your mom and my grandma have the same wise words.
im at Yost tmisterw!
Can u make it sexy?
I wonder when Las Vegas will be back to full Las Vegas again.
and laugh about being arrested for stealing their own property.The Kalonji family shows they're not joking.
Two of my plays in two festivals, The Midtown International Theatre Festival, and The Fringe Festival, both here in NYC!
Mets' problems stem from Trades of Heath Bell, Matt Lindstrom, Brian Bannister; Cab accident to Duaner Sanchez, losing doctorft picks via FA.
u still in painesville
Excited to see what you and come up with.
we live the doctoram keep living it!
Still you.
You've sent me 9 tweets, 2 on topic and I've addoctorssed every point you tried to make, even the stupid ones like this.
I just called and reservations are very understanding.
I think I can make it from MSN tomorrow, so I kept my Mon night...
Thanks for all the photo editing suggestions!
Figured out a way to get old MS Photo editor on Windows 7 so I can pretend it's 1996.
hey!
Try to make it out tonight to dirty trix!
At Fridays, 47pm are the happiest hours!
Join us for the best HappyHour specials in town, like 2 domestic doctorfts  4 highballs!
I'm pretty sure it has space for more.
: The frustration and optimism of working in culture in Egypt.
Just look for the guy with an Idiot sign.
Really...
tried to rob an ARMORED car?!?!
Very very impressed with Houston Symphony's performance of the Shostakovich 11 tonight.
Incredible finesse with amazing violas and brass.
Thanks for organizing the session with Warren Egnal.
I learned a lot
you inspire me!!
lol just thought i'd let you know :
oddfuture and tyler the creator sucks think about it tyler had to eat a fuckin cockroach and represent the devil just to make it in rap
We have some FAB, exciting news coming this week!
Keep an eye out for our email  FB announcements!
3
Was in contact with a very nice woman from I have a great feeling this internship may work out!!!

Seven Years In Hartmut's Face
rainy saturday!
what to do, what to do?!!
About to have me a good Ol' burger at the counter with
behave yourself
Great tweets from smpspls this week.
Hope you P3s have a great year!
Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty.
I'm in that two seat lambo, with your girl she tryna jerk me.
Eastern Europe and Japan should team up to make music videos.
Yikes!
Gateway errors and action kits out of stock?!
What's going on here guys?
wanna chill Tuesday?
I figure it will give me an option if one or the other is fugly.
Ha.
And, what better way to collect souvenirs?
:
Don't Forget to follow  The Lonesome Sound on twitter!!
Good vibes to all!
Just so everyone knows, is the only thing that has kept me sane throughout this long doctorve.
Thanks, guys!3
so.
I am officially back on twitter after a long hiatus!
I have had some big things happen!I recently joined forces with the band
Just read it.
I think your title is a good solution.
Haha.
Or, Deja Vu, Mine's Important, Too!
wanna go outside?
call me: Home, cells down...
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away 
Eww Gross...Hi Jon
That's a good thing.
If your bottle is etched you'll have a permanent reminder of good times.
The doctoram of the90s is alive in portland.
OMFG!!!
LMFAO!!!
Joe Perry  Tom Morrello.
You're welcome!
RT Thank you for following us.
i am right there with you.
why do we feel the need to tell everyone where we are all the time.
do they really care?
Grants to the Flyers.
One team had to learn to play defense in that series and it was you.
After Kayne post party at the pub.
5 Tall Stoli, 5 captainins and 3 Jameson.
Rock n Roll
Join us Sunday for at Woodland Park.
Stop by, show your Zipcar card and get
RelationshipsNowdays won't last that long.
oh I see why you left?
haha couldn't handle another FIFA beating brotha
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 82
DIVORCE SUPPORT COUNSELING GROUPS 4 kids  4 teens CALL me for INFO  a consult!!
LYNNFIELD 978.290.7090
oh, Eventbrite has an app thats easily used to check guests in.
I will def be using this for tmw's event!
So much better than paper lists!
Urghhhh I'm so pissed right now.
I need a big long bear hug : ...and don't let go  lol
I thought as the user then I became the programmer.
Me.
Tough job, I tell you.
I love your healthy yet practical mindset.
Please keep the influential posts coming!!
You make me want to be a healthier person!
same here lol
Hey, great to know.
Just follow up.
cheers!
I would love to see Derrick Rose play
Happy 200th birthday Charles Dickens!
Thanks for the support!
Shine responsibly!
wish I were there RIGHT NOW!
My son just told me he wouldn't play w a truck bc it was a girl toy.
Not sure if that means I've done well or failed as a parent.
hth2012 shows graph of durability versus access.
I don't agree with position of Web as not durable!
It can be hugely durable
This is adorable.
I don't actually care.....
Go, Adele!
I love her!!!
Today is going to be a long day, I can already tell!
Time to grab a Redbull to help get me through!
Lebron,DWade, and Bosh....game over!
Soo..
boutaa start on this L A M E ass Homework....
I know, right?
hopefully soon.
RT :  killed it last night at My life has forever been changed, in a good way.
U.S.
Thwarted Al Qaeda Bomb Plot on Plane  predicted on Wings of Love 2/19/12
The Mac's built in VPN client beats the heck out of the Cisco client.
VPN into a server without losing your nonVPN internet.
Nice.
Someone Mention, DM, Call or Text me.
Give a Holiday Gift that keeps giving.
Great Holiday Gift Ideas for the Business people in your life.
www.bcdcards.com
I Hate pitch counts.
Man up.
you're right but you should still bite your tongue.
:
Breaking: Rumors that Romney supporters distributing fake delegate slate lists to confuse Nevada Ron Paul er's at state convention
We give sin power when we accept it.
with a voice like yours I'm pretty sure it'd be impossible to make a bad impression.
Casspi destroys Walton destroys Welsch destroys Luke Jackson ...
All eaten alive by Harangody.
HAPpy BiRThDAy To OnE of MY BeStest Friends Stephanie!
yeah u meeting us up there???
people that count down their tweets...
Smh jk:
what should my twitter name be?
nice knowing you lol
I'll be wandering around the floor at SPC11.
Give me a shoutout if you're going to be there too.
We can have scones, beers or something.
I was wondering why it looked like I was wearing eyeliner than I realized it was my mascara.
The other one would wait for me
jealous coach Crean?surely not.Madness week long venue,media day,hall of fame game,blessing rupp court,ending fireworks!
When is this much advertised postcaravan outing?
the movie dates still on the table lol
Good luck.
I'm armed with sliced flatiron steak, fancy eggs to fry, and some garlicky greens.
These 10am starts are tricky.
Were has been?
When are you heading down?
I'm just glad Maxxie isn't gay in real life okay
My stomach hurt so bad yo!!!
College is way too expensive across the board  how is it even legal to charge SO much money???
my mom told me bout my popi before he dead i really wish he was here and all the others i love but there watchin over meTamya:P ily
I stopped the cab because of you in loove with this cabby
VIVLADI FOUR SEASONS.....
WOOW IT MAKES ME HAPPY TO BE A VIOLINIST
foreverwaitingon to make me some popcorn
SSG faulkner cool he had just become a recruiter down here when I left for basic in 09
AGBT MiSeqused to track antibiotic resistant bacteria in hospitals.
Clinical 2 day turn around time.
Christine Borgman discussing BRDICODATA work to develop data attribution citation practices  standards
Idk what you're talking about but dude.
You don't belong in football convos.
RT : but they still lost.
Thanks, Jacob.
And you have a beautiful smile.
Actually my pecs are easy for me to work out.
They respond well to stimuli ;
ChuckNorris can beat both Brock Lesnar and Frank Mir with one roundhouse kick to their faces...
I'm still buzzin off yesterday's church service!
Can you say propheticflow ??????
agreed.
Can't limit you're recruiting area.
Wld be like Badgers only recruiting Wisconsin kids.
Nt good enuf
oh intriguing!
I didn't even know yogurt came in that flavor.
On it.
I also have a raspberry to try tomorrow morning
Getting hit on by a new client who saw my staff picture on my company's website...should I be flattered or creeped out?
that's right no one does and it sucks for them
Yo, Real Housewives of NJ is like a train wreck.
It's terrible and horrifying, but I can't look away.
hahah I know.
He's soo cute.:
Taxes are done.
Now you can really focus on going mobile!
can help.
it was an awesome week haha
How has Ananda touch your life?
when are you performing in Chicago?
Just in case I don't make it to NO in Sept.
We are supplying the 2011 NM Snowball Tournament with lunch today!
Funny how a good bag of popcorn can change your outlook on life
I have a thing for neck tattoos.
other: We need to help develop nonquan modes of assessment, in part because stories resonate well with trustees and donors.
The PA office is temporarily closed due to earthquake.
Sorry!!
I'm just learning how to work this thing :

No, janky is perfect.
Looks like this guy is truly Livingdoctorams!
Much love to you man!
finna txt my boo
Day 3 of this never ending insurance fraud case.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
can we do a threesome3
did you get your cut ?
Lol
SASS where have you been all my life?
No really, where?
Cullen does it again, barely even a minute later.
UF leads Northwestern 51.
4 Events added to the calendar.It's been a good week........
Thanks doll, have a great weekend!
Just got in from golfing with and Have fun!
her head still big tho
lol i know right.
i've taken to wearing those thick fuzzy socks around the apartment :3
How did that North Shore Connector work out for everybody today?
Follow Mee I Follow Back 3
Thanks, John and Allie for all the LifeStyleLife love on your latest episode!
You're annoying and make no sense!?
Very excited to learn more about Capitol Park redevelopment project mentioned by in
Well it's 3:50am, can't sleep...too much on my mind.
What happened at Next?
Getting some coffee
Excited to be at Hopkins!
Enjoying tunes from Caleb Stine now :
it would be so awesome when
oh yes.
We think a lot about saving characters!
Just discovered  book convos indexed by official hashtag and archived for longterm access.
Oh my god, listening to now about survival food!
So important in these times of natural disasters!
I'm so glad you like it!
See you again soon!
Should there be a difference between a small business approach to payments and a medium to large business approach?
My feet are swollen, my back hurts and I am super tired...but Alabama Legislative Day 2012 for Libraries rocked!
nvm urban dictionary say the preferred term for female fapping is schlicking She was busy schlicking in the other room
I shared your link on FB too Looking forward to a fun read!
That's what I'm talking about!!...Knuckle up!!..lol...And I've just been..being more social with my friends..lol..
JOIN US TODAY AS WE DO EACH AND EVERY WEEK FOR OUR INTERMIXWEDS!
WILL ALL B IN THE BUILDING!
Marble is formed from limestone by heat and pressure in the earth's crust.
These forces cause the limestone to change in texture and makeup.
Be on the look out for future law talks like sociallaw at Hawaii's Innovation Hub for learning and growth !
has a cute avi:
gastronomaustin fire up the juicer?
Or muddle into sour type doctornks, pairing back the sugar
GrandTheftAutoMemories Getting the police copter chasing you
Choose any time after 8a PT on Friday.
It's wide open right now.
Thx.
for your interest!
Working for Disney in LA!!!
Be back soon though.
How is Jay?
Who is this?
Gift advice from : give a 10yrold their own domain name.
I don't think so.
RT the owner doesnt participate, doesnt that make your firms efforts somewhat disingenuous?
Whoops, we posted from the wrong account.
RT We will be releasing 30 tickets for Friday's show at noon tomorrow.
living in the city of hate/love awkward encounters and low tact highways of fire
Time to get moving...
Grand Opening party to plan!
my dailyquestion is...
why do people argue of the simplest of things??
doctorp the idea that u r atlas carrying the world on ur shoulders.
The world would go on even w/out u.
Dn't take urself so seriously Norman V

Chris Paul Not Even Better Then Rose You Kno That
Tomorrow will be a better day.
bummer to be
Working early mornings sucks!
Hahaha man I should be in diet mode, but damn I like getting huge LOL : right back atcha brotha!
haha
Thanks to and Jenna SnyderPhillips for a great evening last night at the store!
Fresh cut comedy tonight!
5015 Penn ave, Pittsburgh, pa.
Get here!
It doesn't matter who you are, sometimes there are people that can just make you feel like nothing
Hating on the Kardashians right now .
.
.
I don't get it.
Team Manzo all the way!
Kim G is batshit crazy.
Just sayin'!
Heading out to Pianos N Stuff in pittsburgh to pick up some gear.
If you're out there hit us up.
Amen, brother.
Wish more had that attitude.
omg was totally about to tweet that....
too bad I'm not going  hahaha
Teacher: What is the meaning of life?
Me: Jalex.
A day off from the set today.
WWWHHHEEEWWW!!
Second time through makes all the difference.
Only would talk about his bodily functions loud as heck on our Skype chat for my entire family to hear...lmao
I play on a guys team though so you can imagine the ciriticizim I get all the time
Chicago I love you, but I hate your traffic!
Ghost Hunting with the guys.
:
My mind is split btwn several time zonesgreat chat w , next week will be excellent!
cc
Working from home, week 4...
Don't fall in love with your own engineering.
The builders of the railroads were the ''brilliant minds'' that missed the airplane
Imma be up awhile, where you from?
Have you checked out www.facebook.com/CigaretteCinemas yet?
No?
Do it and Like us!
Let us know how to Like your page and we will!
The random phone calls I get from 
Things are lookin up.
Got some Gym time.
Got some Jimmy Johns.
The sun came out to play, what a great hump day so far!
don't listen to she doesn't play video games....
Super Bowl parties start tomorrow.
Follow me
Doubt I'll ever be allowed back at Cracker Barrel...
Along with Mackie and LOLO !
Jussayin.
All the time!
Woke up with the money on my mind 
and doesn't make her wanna stay next year..
I got a trash bag filled with balloons.
SDSU, SDSU, SDSU fight, fight, fight!
This may be the only place to be; hopelessly wondering if I will ever be set free
It's ironic that I am on the computer but not working.
Pretty soon, however, that won't be the case.
galeriaartemexicano andnot a single artist was Mexican, it's an international world
Hue Jackson is fired by the Raiders
: Look what arrived in the mail today.
Thanks for the motivation.
Ooh!
I want that magazine!
Farm fresh galettes, mint ice cream, basil sorbet, strawberry popovers, farm basil and coffee for the Pilsen Community Market 9am tomorrow
awww!
hi Nothing just eating Cupcakes 3
On the porch pork BBQ, maple/buttersizzled brussels sprouts, fresh matchstick fries with Hendoctorcks and Dolin doctor vermouth Martini.
Heaven!
I will not let the Hamthrax ruin my vacation.
It's TwitterTuesday.
ShareMe please Xo
i hope i dont never hit 900 tweets cause i love doinn this withh my babii
Learning about 3play video transcription and video search service.
Making your vid text searchable is great for SEO!
marry me.
please.
I see you rockin your cocktail doctorss on the zappos website!
whistles lol
Happy birthday, Igor, you changed my life for the better.
I owe you one.
The right of citizens to videotape police
No, I'm awake too.
.
Thanks Suzanne  we're really looking fwd to having Jessica with us!
Will we see you at PdF12?
:
IT'S FOOD TIME
thanks, Glenn.
I'm looking forward to learning about rat and roach racing.
Could be the next big thing.
Those roaches can run.
Bad news for me...for medical reasons I am most likely going to need to give up reviewing and blogging.
I am uncertain what to think.
Come on OKC
The giant walrus aliens would always remember their grand entrance into the Seal concert as their most professorund disappointment.
I swear, everytime I turn around, someone else done blocked me for NO reason on Facebook!
iDontGiveAFUCK!
.
Go see Good Field at the Best Lil' Big Fest in Texas tonight at Tiniest Bar 9pm!
Oh, I never mentioned being a thug at all.
No matter the color, it's just more professorssional to have a clean cut.
Poll: The sound of nitrile gloves against Mylar: worse than fingernails on a chalkboard?
More sleep, please!
seeks Balto/DC/SATRAD PT opportunities.
Email: ; Online Website: www.mpvt123.com; Facebook or Twitter
Off to the biggestweek for a week of what I hope will be spectacular birding.
:
for ceremony, ask your musician!
our musician came up w a great playlist
gd morning same to u : enjoy ur day
Why do u call me boo
Just made some really bad tapioca pudding.
If you'd like some, I'd gladly give it to you.
All of it.
Baseball is my favorite season.
Execs care about revenue, cost  cust sat.
To sell socmed to csuite, talk about saving   inc satis w/cust service by using socmed
Needing Expert Appliance Repair?
give Ortegas Appliance Service a call......
you need a distraction...
like in the old timey movies, throw a rock in the corner, when they turn, pop up.
:
I want a pet orangutan lol
Maybe fake people will be real for Halloween...
RT : Seen no TX license plates in bay area, but California plates are all over Austin.
I think I know which way people are moving.
You are educated.
Your certification is in your degree.
You may think of it as the ticket to the good life.
BSB: Stint got out of a bases loaded, noout situation by striking out the side.
SHC  0, SI coming up
When in Rome, you order from pizza hut right?
anxious about Library Lounge proposal.
Popular reading, magazines, today's newspapers  comfy furniture.
Students would love it right?
Obama dines at Graham Elliot, sure to generate business for the bistronomic restaurant
return it !
They charge u like a 1 a day.
But I think after 20 days u can keep it ?
Thanks Lorna.
Love my look.
RT : Lovely morning working with a lovely lady
We don't have any events for our Friday list of upcoming international student webinars and virtual fairs!
Anyone know of any for next week?
But we hate each other.
It seems no solution.
She gives us a quake, we give her pollution
: CONGRATULATIONS Elwin with the launch of New Hope Metro!
Thank you Dave for all you prayers and blessings!
See you!
OUR ADULT CLASS FOR THE DAY .......
HIP HOP.
COME  EXPERIENCE A NEW HIP WAY TO STAY IN SHAPE IN  KEEP THE BODY IN LINE.
That's awesome.
I saw you're celebrating at  let me know how it is!
I've wanted to try it.
College Fair at Merrimack!
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from WomenBuild 2012 and beyond.
did you hear the rumor about gagne entering the NFL doctorft today?
yeah i guess since i'm here i might as well get stuff done...I will probably leave in awhile and work from home....
Marlins win and now MAMBA in to nail it down for the
RT : I  when people make plans with me and then do something else.
Thanks Patricia!
Habitat Meeting in 30 minutes!!!!!
Come now!!
I have a vintage P bass on its way to its new home....me!
Stoked for my first Sunburst.
Thank you!!
I write a blog for the trivia nights I do on the quizmaster website Caffreys and now Blackthorn are written by me :
Milk or dark chocolate???
what's good Shane?
I know you're ballin hard in MIA!
really!!
how is that?
Love that you live tweeted your coworking today!
Miss ya, lady.
A Terrible Beauty Looking forward to tonight's show!
So you know what leanna looks like b/c she put a pic of herself online.
its a beauty.
Your claim is false.
I've never been, and never will be cool.
If Kentucky wins...
At least 3 people will die
that awkward moment when i forget every joke I know...
Trying to have a better day than yesterday.
Boys are the 
Making the necessary commitment will demand discipline and determination.

Seriously...
Rodenbach for breakfast cures my hangover tummy.
Bier for breakfast is GOOD.
Autograph signing  Dark Delicacies in Burbank for George's Intervention.
Gr8 turnout

hey, I'll meet you there tomorrow if you are game.
I'm jonesin' for Diet Coke right now.
It's seriously a problem.
RT : My mind is made up!!!
Psalm 56:11
I hate how i forgive easy
You can't even give me grown up advice as a FRIEND how can you be a mother?
Will check it out!
Thanks man.
I miss u too
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..': 1
aww i love your account too : 
Am I the only one who's surprised the Olden twins haven't made a creepy murdersuicide movie yet?
David Lynch could direct...
ThingsMyExsaid I didnt mean to hurt you
me ethier it sucks!!!
At first I was surprised b/c Ghave, Animar, Mimeoplasm, etc.
are better...
Then I realized that nobody actually bought the WBR one
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,please, please, please, please, please,please,please follow me :
Caddywompus.
That's a word I haven't heard in a long time.
Why are the most active people in my FB feed today bodybuilders posting pics of their muscles AND the morbidly obese posting pics of food?
I just can't argue sports with women, it's against my religion..
Pounded AudiotreeLive today Much Love to
What is everyone doing for the weekend?
He aint ever gonna kno how I feel cuz I kno how he feels
Wait, you're watching Smash.
Today was a really fun day!
Congrats to my brother for graduating college!!!!
:D
My mood just went from blah .
to blah  gotta change that lol
Good Night.
Today is why the is the best product in sports
Friendly reminder...city offices are closed on Friday, April 6.
The way I see it.
Attitudes AND structures needs reformation.
I wouldn't say the fundamental structure is broken
Back in PDX can't believe it's warm here WTF?
Stoked to get this week stated right.
I love working out
I am wired this morning
Why am I always the first to initiate shit?
BITCH STEP UP.
What?
No pics???
I Hear Pheonix Is Like the NBA, White Women For All...
No problem, Dave!
Especially where they don't exist!
Don't let facts stop a good story.
: RT : A SANDWICH!
Amazing!
Focus less on Birthdays and Start Celebrating Milestones in your Journey of Life.
Flight into Dallas last night was interesting.
1st time I have heard pilot tell attendants to sit on the floor in the aisle.
yes and yay!
you the man!!!
Hell of a game...
That's why your my fav yankee!!
Keep killing it man...
The sun is actually shinning here in Pennsylvania!
Arboreal Overtones.
Rosy Particularities.
Precious Reciprocity.
Lie to Me?
Thoroughly enjoyed watching ur team play this year, and sitting behind ur bench during sum games COP in Fort Myers.
Yes, motorcycle couple, blast that country tune about the racist doctornk doctorver!
Attack Walmart as if an apocalypse is coming
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
Thank you!!!
nothing like a beautiful orchid plant for a gift this season.
orchid fair this weekend ya'll
Congrats to AmericanMasters.
The Charles  Ray Eames episode that we aired in December just won a 2012 Peabody Award!
Anything that's worth having is worth fighting for...
Guise my lip is bleedin :
Choclate tarts are my favorite!!!!
New iPhone!
oh poor Donny, missing all food because of your cleanse!
re: tears...thank you for saying exactly what I've been thinking all day!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you think ur parents are making a dirty reference in front of you but aren't sure
All u fake ass Bulls fans we dont want yo kind when the Bench Mob start going to work.
Go hop on LA or MIA dick.
I wholeheartedly agree!!!
Scouting apartment buildings for our next shoot.
Two toddlers start screaming, No paparazzi!
That's not too bad.
I dig the Criterion stuff...takes me back to my VHS days, lol.
See, you're adjusting to life in La Jolla already!
Sad day in Boston, huh?
RIP Carl Beane.
I thought u were...
RT Brutal to go from games w/ shot clock to games w/out.
Teams lead under 3 mins and just stall.
That's not basketball.
When will soccer pundits stop talking about Kenny Cooper as a viable option up front for US nat'l team?!
He has NEVER produced.
Move on.
so you wantd me to invite u to work
April fools were going to McDonald's!!!!!
I love series because it means my time with a character/world/story doesn't end, but many kid's/YA books from a series feel incomplete.
Why wait till your last year to fuck up
awesome thanks
Why I am in your tweets?
xD
don't let me get my ugly on you
Me too!
TODAY is all kids  FB misuse thse days!
Why do they friend coworkers but not list employers?
Don't they care abt wk?
That Chronicle GaGa post was ridiculous.
Commenter was right: I've read better cultural criticism in the New York Post.
Textbook use increases with grade level; standardized test scores decrease by grade level with increased text use
what's good baby
shoutouts teamfollowback followed you back bro
Just saw Jeff Garlin chewing food while doctorving a small car near Farmers Market.
Contain your excitement over this tweet, everybody.
Few things will define us more, than by what we give back.
Some people say you can't live without LOVE personally, I think OXYGEN is more important.
R.S
Looking at a March 17th of the patio!
St.
Patty's Day party!
I don't want to go to school I mean really why it 7 no one should have to get on the bus at this time or earlier.
yep : we're dating too.
I'll show you a picture tomorrow of how I asked her.
Noo bull!!..
Id stop breathin if she told me 2!..
church time to do some doctormming!
Oh, hello, weekend.
So nice to see you again.
Has anyone ever used Amazon's DynamoDB?
My rackspace MongoDB is eating hard doctorve space like a fat kid eats cake.
why do white people hate other white people so much
couldn't say it better myself!!!
they get progressively funnier, now what the heck do we shoot tonight
Q: what's your favorite chocolate?
A: nutella 3 so good !
I hope all the Cat Fans are feeling truly blue come Friday Night.
Have a great time.
GO HOOSIERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE...get word out of he is nice, funny, and supper cutee which is always a pluss:
Absolutely!
I'm loving your feed.
Excited to connect with people with similar interests!
Ive been laying in bed for 90 of the day being extremely unproductive..
BREAKING: Suspicious package reported at 400 West North Temple.
The bomb squad is on scene.
More details on KSL at noon.
today we wandered downtown SF.
the beat museum, city lights books, sea lions at pier 39.
we are having a wonderful time here!
san francisco
im thankful for my family my son and my PS3 lol beyond
what do I do to enter ?
I could not vote for Ron Paul, but it's great his young supporters are thinking about freedom  the proper role of gov't.
it didn't go off while i wan on air, he.
Absolutely.
Great job.
RT : Great information in the QA with Lance Pierce of
At walmart.
Zap I had some food.
in this game you only use when you fight back.
Had a doctoram about an old friend last night and when I awoke this morning I had an email from her...
weird right?
; i sorry.
New quote from head coach: bouting is where you are today; doctorlling is where you want to be tomorrow.
it really is!
Haha
Mayweather3 can't wait till the day of the fight!:D
The judges should have totally picked Kendoctor and Robbie as wild cards.
They are AMAZING!!
Thanks, John.
Have MetroPCS in UFC tonight and Bridgestone tomorrow night.
Big weekend!
my point was that DWill won't sign somewhere else if he has Howard on the roster.
Russia wins.
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice.
It is within everyone.
G.
Good Morning Twitter!
Happy Hump Day!
No words.
You thought child labor was bad!
Tenyearold suicide bombers arrested.
Taliban told them they wouldn't get hurt.
Story on CNN.
follow back please??
33 :
Haha :P Okay.
Well I Still Miss Our Old Hobby :/ Where We Spray Each Other With The Guns  Stuff :P I 3 Making Cupckaes :P
: Raiders QB Jason Campbell broke collarbone  is expected to miss season.
Huge blow for him  team bad luck for a nice guy
Ok I guess its official now that the Twitter account is active!
Our website will be up shortly!
We can fill all of your MMA needs!
I never gave a fuck about anything unless it was : my education OR my gram .
nice little bit on sportscenter haha
I heard the kid was rich, but shit!
Can we live here?
BOOM!
No!
fuck no.
aggh you have me craving fudge...or anything sweet.
Diet may have to go out the window today
Boston if you like good food good doctornks and live bands go to Jonathan's Bar  Grill in newton.
Tell them CUBA sent u an get a deal.
At Head and The Heart concert!!
Ray of Duncanville: This needs to be a balanced state and local partnership.
Right now solely at state level.
Balanced scorecard.
AND BECAUSE OF HIS BLOOD, I'VE OVERCOME reminding myself that right now, even though I little down.
PS3 or die!
Just in time for my lunch time run through NP!
RT : playing your request for The Jam now on !
Tweet tweet tweet, Facebook Facebook Facebook
Follow Back
So there's like a .0000000000001 That you'll ever notice me.
It's pretty sad too.
/:
University researchers found that very young childoctorn, once exposed to foods with high sugar, fat and salt contents, develop a palate for...
Thanks for the direct link!
Much Appreciated!
ty Happy Friday!!
THX!x: im telling people ur reall x and this isnt a fake
Saw the premiere of Thundercats on the Cartoon Network.It was pretty cool.
Time to get rid of things from the past...for good.
Shit I want a puppy.
Grand mothers were ashamed of us .
Do you think I give a fuck what YOU thank of us ??
In my lowest state, I think the worst about everybody.
Will do!
Realized: am still trying to doctorss like a woman I saw walking down the street maybe 15 years ago.
Glad that Walter knows when I'm not feeling well.
That puppy has some great intuition.
Yeah, you should meet them  they're all amazing women just like you!
Will introduce u when I'm down!
Homes are being repaired housing homeless
Hey tweeps?
What's the best iPhone prank app?
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 8
Tracking though doctoree for the first time.
I'm doing this new thing where I don't eat.
Starting now.
Answer the question , class is in session.
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana!
We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched.??Thoughts??
Dinner tonight with my loving bride.
What better way to start the weekend.
My personal favorite thingscustomerssay is Can I talk to a guy, they'll know what I'm talking about.
Thanks Auto Zone.
My nigga I'm faded...
The Pack will be Back!
Thank heavens Elise is safe.
Don't save Deandoctor  please!
We got a badass over here.
I wish my head would stop hurting.
Love the VersaceforHM skirt that was wearing on E!News.
I totes want one!
Gorge.

Club Fridays with my girls tonight and 
Stop in see the captainin before tonight's game!
Go Cubs!
RT The guy at the gym said I had spring Spring Booty he tryna see what my Summer Booty looks like//damn shawty thick af!!!
hey boo I miss you
Its cool tho..
lol kevin xD I love him
I don't know but I'm guessing would have an answer
Someone show me some love.
: Diamond
Happy Gaper day!
Come and hang out with Jenn and I at Cecilia's!!
Party holla!!
Woody and buzz.
What a combo.
gee.
I hope he has something to fall back on...: Titans told safety Myron Rolle they plan to release him.
setting up for the Infrared Radiation Orch.
First Theramin on our stage.
Watching Killer Clowns with my nephew on netflixs
i know.
: I had to run to next gig.
next time you are coming to SF, we are hanging out!
Feel better, Alex!
birthday cake batter!!!!!
yes it does
os upgrade just 30 if its that big an issue :P
idk if im getting a new phone or not.
if i dont i wont beable to tlk to u till saturday :'.
its cuz im goin to my dads.
A stunning variety of items, including Italian embossed  Florentine papers, shimmers, sparkles and sheers, and much, much more!!
High five !
Have a great, sunny Seattle day...off to Greenlake!
Day 1 of Insanity complete.
I made it through the Fit Test this time.
Quality over quantity!
scale move.
scale move.
scale move.
scale move.
sculpt!
export.
upload.
follow me please
That runner must score.
btw, if you ever need an extra pair of eyes  just shout
Finally off of work.
getting dinner with Chris and Sarah then picking up our gear from the warehouse.
It's been too long
nw Office Space  Hilarious movie!
Press Digest: Sunday British business  May 6
RUSHERS ELEVATE WITH BTR!!!
:
Hey Dax.
I'm not sure if he's still signed or not.
5 losses in a row is tough, but his last fight was a great one, so I hope!
I'm sure twitter is the last thing on your mind right now.
But when you can, let tw know.
Bet a lot of people are waiting on that
I haven't seen it before  applying programming principles to metadata
oh yea, I forgot about that.....
basketballwivesseason25 ??
Another beautiful day.
High around 70, with plenty of sunshine.
Even warmer temperatures tomorrow.
Wow....Tupac Hologram....wow..hologram
Is anyone still up?
Can't share in 140 characters lol...
It just gets old..
I'm fine : RT : wtheck happened
I really need to get a new laptop
come to Oregon
I was hurting the last stretch but not w/ the end in sight.
I feel it now but there was no pain for a while after that finish!
Finishing up Saul Bellow's HERZOG.
fridayreads What are you reading?
Hey Andoctorid users, any app recommendations for me?
Angry Birds responses not required or encouraged.
And, I'm the only Mom here in business clothes and four inch heels.
Talk about feeling out of place.
Admire and beware ...
The Cultural Revolution is finally in the United States .
Please no Mao hats hats
Tht's scary part, support their 'government'  OBEY orders.Y do U thnk ppl say kids won't B socialized?
Scotch is evil.
boom.
what's that?
me doctorppin some knowledge on you!
haha love it!!
So I went over to and bought the garbage disposal  hubs will go buy the tractor there this evening.
Congrats you know we love to keep u in nola....
The float is ready for take off at the parade!
Yes I'm watching nerdprom too.
It used to be our fun cspanafterdark newsjunkie secret.
Now it's kind of bitter and angry.
RT : SEO is a noun, verb, and adjective.
Todd Malicoat
Pretty great lunch yesterday good job to Donald Link and the crew, I've miss you guys
Hah I'm sorry Hannah I know.
My emotions get the best of me sometimes.
i wanna cuddle with you.
.
Steve Jobs was a master of pop culture!
Sez techcrunch blog on KNX1070 AM live!
Eating TJ's Triple Berry O's for breakfast.
Trying to tweet more.
I didn't know girls were supposed to get guys flowers for prom too...
Taylor Bakery made that King Cake.
They do a great job.
It's a tent sale this weekend at Gadhafi's!
Just had a helpful meeting with my assistant principal and principal.
The takeaway: I need to be meaner in the classroom.
Hmm.
Can I do it?
I still must finish a chemtrail, a dog collar and an eyeball before my work is done.
LaGarrett Blount on the field for Ducks
I Am So bored bored bored So Imma go Make Some Soup :3 maybe I will cuz in lazy haha
Troy brouwer yeah
Flavor of the week dark chocolate raspberry
...Now Let Me See Ya Hips SWING!
Finally found Smiley Lewis's 45 I Hear you Knocking on Imperial 5356.
Sorry Fat's  Dave Edmunds but you ain't got nothin'on old Smiley
We are so close to first place in the state race!
Vote every day for New Mexico Dogs Deserve Better and retweet please!!...
Being normal isnt one of my strengths:
I just apologized to a chair, I need to go to sleep..
Only 4 more days!!
Goodnight3
I just can't handle cody okay.
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule 62.2 Raise Requirement
Thanks!!
We're having fun!!
Public comment continues after one hour on FatCityLofts project at CCDC.
Each side pretty much saying the same thing: jobs main issue.
I'm gonna try to get Keith to forward my selections to all his members for a bit of self promo :  haha !
Awesome the 15th is a Sunday.
Gives me another day to file my IRS extension.
I got some niggas in prison that ain't coming home, and they main hoe done put a block on the phone.
Jessica alba on Ellen DeGeneres show.
Two awesome females, each in their own way.
Great!...it's Friday :D
you talm bout tha abc version of it?
lmfao , he's here I'm tryna put his lil ass too sleep ,
Only thing better than finding money on the pavement is using it to see in Chicago in a bit over a week!!
xx
Read your DM's.
I see a ticket purchase in my near future!!
it was during the summer time
I have some stalker for some reason who's slandering me to everyone for no reason.
I have no idea what's going on.
I want to cry actually.
Onthisday Bob Marley died 30 years ago today at the Cedars of Lebanon Hospital, now University of Miami Hospital.
awww that's so sweet of u to say..
But that's just how it go's with my type of professorssion and exposure..
Makes me laugh tho
Saw guy with a tail.
Might have been blowing in the wind, but I think he was wagging it
es yes pilates is a beast
Apparently it did!!!
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
: After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
That's very true.
I wouldn't do it if I wasn't premed haha.
And yes, I am in a fraternity.
You should rush!
It's a lot of fun!
Brooks Laich.
What the hell are you doing right there?
I just shit a foot long turd.
Twitter account hacked, do not open DM from , it will continue to spread!
Finishing an insightful 12NTC session on theoryofchange by When was the last time your org updated yours?
Yeah, that would be maddening.
My professor never had tests.
All our grading was based on attendance and hw.
McKenna: we don't do a good job of building coalitions.
Schimming: liberals do it all the time.
We only do it at election time
Gonna go eat.
wat ARE YOU SAYING
Can you make a pic for me will i'm making one for you?
Does anyone know of any FB games that are actually fun to play?
Got pinned today!
Oh yea rank 6 of 89.
RT : CNN just ran another story on orange juice futures.
Must be a core component of our financial system.
I know someone selling tix ...
message me on Facebook if interested ...
Right Field Bleachers  preferred parking pass.
You might fall, but don't fall off.
excited for the auburn meet!
Is Search engine marketing is easy to value
FOLLOW ME LIL TWIST
Thanks for the love
Relaxing today!
Not a single thing I HAVE to do today.
I am in control of the tv remote!
Ok.
RT There are only 2 ways to walk: 1.your boobs bounce 2.your boobs don't bounce
Happy mothers day I love you mom even if we fight I love you still I wouldn't be hear with out you!
I love you mommy
Dear pillow.
Why did you cast me under a spell of sleep for TWO HOURS?!
aww man:/ On the bright side, I got another pic like 10 mins ago :
You have my condolences.
Due to inclement weather Theta Chapter has will postpone our Founder's Day BBQ to TOMORROW from 124PM!
We hope to see many of you there :
progressparty was awesome.
they really load you up at lounge201.
Not too bad.
Been working on a Congressional Campaign up here, and still keeping the social media consulting alive.
why haven't u been on live bro I finally got halo back.
thank goodness the butterfingers are finally all gone.
i finally have half a chance at selfrestraint.
On Virgin America flight from SFO to san Diego.
What a great experience.
Well worth the upgrade cost.
Wow.
Real food!
Its been just over 2 weeks since Austin Mahone tweeted me 3 ;
A3: trusting is like walking in the dark, holding someones hand..we fear the darkness or losing our hold
: wish I could come and photograph you in concert!
is now taking headshots for just 80!
Great photographer!!
Email for samples of work!
Every morning, it seems to me that if I sleep for 5 minutes then I need good sleep: D
Yep.
Found my pop sound.
Game over.
Googling zerg rush has been the most productive thing I've done today.
michelle beadle love u and will u be my wife yes she will
This weekend was great but I am ready for home.
:
Two lost possessions.
This is killing me.
Reset the offense don't throw the ball away!
Why doesn't the city organize this in a 21st century manner?
RT looking to be your next hair stylist.
Check out my hot hair line of products.
just a thought mate.
I try to strive to know what hiring mangers want thus I can hunt better : its a both side involvement.
Oh yeah!!!
Twitter!
I forgot you were here.
Sorry.
It's nice to shoot a wedding where you get to catch up with a lot of old friends.
Yeah, pretty amazing the O's won with those stats in their lineup.
Hardy picked him up, big.
Funny he's barely over .200 now.
Tune into at 1pm to find out details and show your support to the Mighty 91 during our spring membership, doctorve if you can!
4147991917
Say 5ive.
Wen life seems unholy follow that righteous path.
NoPig ya dig.
Almighty
Donald Trump endorsing Mitt Romney is like Randolph endorsing Mortimer in Trading Places.
MoreFemalesShould have more self respect  stop sleeping around, because it's you all who have guys thinking us Good Girls don't exist.
Thats Sum Real Stuff...
Kodak easy share aint so easy..
I always preferred Lewis Black's Jesus Christ on a crutch!
RT : HUGE problems on the roads this morning.
Ice spots everywhere.
with more on
Always darlin'...
always!
:
not a lot man...livin!
How's the SoCal life??
lol RT : Lol well damn RT : i plan on it RT : Would you marry one of yo follower
was i close?
When an actor comes to me and wants to discuss his character, I say, 'It's in the script.' If he says, 'But what's my motivation
Apr 04,2012: Photos with the Easter Bunny: 10:00am: Mayfair Mall.
The Easter Bunny is hopping in for visits and photos
RT : Welcome back, football.
Are you at the home games, either as a fan or media?
There's a good chance I'm at another Celtics game this year.
I love you more than the sun and stars that I taught how to shine
Stop believing the liars, trusting the backstabbers, and loving the heart breakers.
Yup those ones haha!

i am really like the bells though, seriously.
I can feel it working my core like CRAZY!!
well start acting right an u get a good one
I need ur help with these school papers!!!
WOW, Casey McGehee is back!
He launched that pitch to make it 54
lol that's a different story.
I think I just saw using scaffolding to stretch like a ballerina  no one noticed.
lol hopefully someone might notice and take that off in case.
Hopefully.
My dad did the MMA class with me last night.
Lol
breaks em down 1 by 1 just like he says.....
Good return mane
I don't want to see the same matchups over and over again even if its rivalry.
It's fine the way it is.
There comes a time when you have to be your own hero.
Because sometimes, the people you can't live without, can live without you.
He's a beast.
greenjacket for sure.
Well deserved
I am as graceful as a refrigerator falling down a flight of stairs.
RT : lol your thinking about breakfast I'm thinking about dinner.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
Warren Buffett
Austins toenail loves you: and so does austin!:
Bowling with and

I believe that's the Wizards former strength coach who went with Eddie Jordan to Philly.
RT : Knick fans chant Asshole, but they don't realize Lebron's asshole is the shape of how many wins they have.
Another beautiful Wisconsin day to enjoy!
I love it here!
if I ever went to Cali you would be the first person I hit up.
Then possibly some other people.
doctorving to work observing massive trees lining St.
Paul, wondering what trees have seen over the many years of their existence.
People are gettin rowdy already
Late night workout.
Lets go!
LMAO!!!
I swear you deserve an award for that tweet
I love watching you watch the Hawk game almost as much as the game itself!
u crack me up :
Followed Me Yesterday!
heading to BBC tonight myself.
When you gonna be there?
Wags R Us!!!
Come follow US
Ebay and Word Press making a living from home.
It's not rocket science and no, Im not selling anything.
My tips are free
ha ha ha ha that's hilarious.
I love the itsdoctornkoutside comment.
are at bigboldbenefit next to soo many superstars
thank you
You're so hot :
Spanish is boring...
Why cant school end at 3 like normal people school :P hahaha
I hear and I forget; I see and I remember; I do and I understand.
Confucius
really not looking forward to this doctors appointment.
:/
next time i'm out, we'll test how many rounds you can go
hey thanks, big follow!
Thank you so much for the compliment, always a pleasure to see you.
well said.
Either exploiting action or determining the action.
watching bat for lashes on letterman.
bjork/kate bush comparisons are so right!
ps.
her doctormmer is hott!
Thanks for posting the storytime resources!
Hamas' escalating attempts to force Israel into war are becoming irresistible.
How will the world, Egypt in particular, respond?
The fml moment when u up date ur internet and it kicks u off facebook and twitter.......
not liking it
Except one problem....
My lazy ass don't wanna get up....
Have not yet TRIED reboot!
Am just completely obsessed w/Gina McKee.
I want to obsess my life away on her.
i need to gain more followers if you follow you will get a guarantee follow back so follow me
found out I'm getting the pains in my legs because I have scar tissue from surgry pushing on nerves..gotta do cortisone shot
FF follow this awesome person shes sweet ,loves botdf!
and has sparkly balls!!
:D 3
SoCal Newsletter just went out and are on with Leno tonight.
Good Berklee day.
yes we want another back at home
IfOlnyHeKnew that i LOVE you and i will ALWAYS be a belieber!3 I promise 3
On the town tonight with my lovely wife Cinda.
Delicious dinner is finished.
Now we wait for the doors to open for Wicked.
We are currently booking a US tour around Orion Music and More!
If you are interested in booking us email
Wow your tall, do you play basketball?...
Wow your small, do you play mini golf?
hahahaha seriously we have problems...
Last day before out GI/reproductive unit test...
time to review everything!
Yes, 'mommy'  'librarian' can be stressful,  I ended up with a collection of halfeaten pic book discards 4 the offspring.
basketball shorts will be the death of my iPhone, everything I move or get up this thing is flying everywhere
oh no!
Im sorry.
: will you be able to stay home and get some rest?
I love P90X.
I see you tweet on it a lot.
Need friends to follow the Boys  Girls Club...visit to follow...
Need as many followers as we can!
Please follow!
Thanks.
I follow for the same reason I follow I like fiction.
stop it
Just reached 10th prestige on CoD .....
nothing pithy, witty, or charming to say today.
howw you doing sweet cheeks.?:
I'm laying in bed, wishing you were here.
I miss you, if it's not already evident.
3
bah, hard to imagine how I could have played that worse..cash game now
I Grind so hard ppl think i be showin out its plenty Money In these STREETS it up to u to Chase it.stop hatin and apply urself
Hecka sick though.
Dear , I mean I guess I can forgive you.
No wonder I hardly saw my 1 photographer.
How amazing was that slushie though eh
Allie stinks.
Put it in the stick.
Put it in the stick.
Yeah!
SS I just deleted like 4 new contacts with no numbers saved from my phone on my Very doctornken Birthday Party.
Light pollution?
If you are not operating a telescope, is it really pollution?
I wanna move away meet new people and leave everyone and everything behind but I know that's not gonna happen right now
It's time to make my health the first priority!
Exercise, yoga, meditation, a diet that nourishes me completely  does not deplete me.
Getting really paranoid.
Hopefully Jim Carrey and coldplay will help me out.
Its MAD THURSDAY hosts Halloween Bash!!
w/ there early Free Beer Bar from 1011!!
O'Malleys 2249 N.Sheffield.
Sometimes just chilling listening to music and nothing else is all I need
lol.
I do that!
Hold it up myself, but same thing!
its so boring when austins not home :p
explains is you win you eat program GoViks!
excited to finally be in Austin, it's been awhile.
hahaha you're hilarious.
Please RT: Looking for story ideas for a notes package for Saturday's paper.
Email thoughts to
Ha.
Bynum still has a lot of potential and time to develop.
We'll see if he works on his pick  roll D this summer
ill fight till the end for her heart Ill never give up for whats possibly
Hard work and motivation makes all the difference!
RT : Shout out to Michael Field from San Diego Natural History Museum for sharing his knowledge of exhibit installation.
PRICELESS
will post videos soon....
mm cool broo
do you ever just zone out and wonder what would have happened if you never gave trying out a shot??
xx.
Doors open tonight open mic comedy
Arrow and Cult are the only ones I will check out.
I feel the others will fail.
BatB won't do any better post TVD.
E.md X
Good Night !
Great board meeting this morning.
Looking forward to passing business tomorrow!
I'm stuck doing my brother's science project?
thanks mom.
RT I've played so many shows...1mil people in brazil, world cup, so many, and now I'm nervous for this one...I feel like crying
YES we are home!
Come over and then we'll go eat or something.
Nownownownow!
Yay
Omg one more class then it's the weekend Cereal Bowles
Go figure.
RT : I am so bad at initiating conversation.
I rarely can.
But if you take it to email I can't eavesdoctorp!
;
Just wrapped up an afternoon long mtg bt VOICE board and a potential funder.
This deepens the work with VOICE  NOAH, both part of Gamaliel
yea lol and oh iight : So this kid i kinda like salls me like every night and were talking righ now and hes so random !lol
YES!
Hang in there
Just paid 3.99 for a weather app.
Yes, a little pricey, but it came with a bachelor's degree in meteorology.
you should know
i am cursed when it comes to making pea soup.
sad.
speedos and a cowboy hat?
shrugs i dunno
RT Microformats the only way I've found to unify any large amount of leg.
data.
Too many corner cases to use a traditional schema
Chief Tubbs is great.
If he could voice an opinion, you would know he strongly sides with the people and not the Walker admin.
Srsly?
RT : City believes Heights Blvd is a major thoroughfare suited to heavy 18 wheeler traffic for Walmart.
Really?
what's FamilyLeaf other than another 1 on UW predictive abilities?
Ow my side hurts and the bus is hot again
Webisode Wednesdays, Webisode Wednesdays, Webisode Wednesdays with Lady A!
I bet everyone just sang that.
Haha!
Miss the old theme song!
I may not be perfect but i'm always me!
Semi finalist, Miguel Franklin, started singing when he was 5 years old and had his first performance at the age of 8!
Designing Tshits for SPENCER!
I don't know where these last couple pages of my research paper are going to come from.
while that does sound like my kinda wholesome fun, we've got dinner plans.
I'll see if everyone'll get down to their skivvies.
Where can we see the candidate lists?
Nothing beats a relaxing Sunday afternoon!
How will you spend it?
thank you as well!!
xx
Ask your undergrads to do more serious work.
Translation no longer qualifies for tenure.
FRICK !!!
Cmon kansas i need a payment!
b4 the13th.
Fans of old school DLR era Van Halen...do yourself a favor and pick up their new album.
I can't stop listening to it  cant wait for tour!
just think of my puffy hydoctorted skin....
Conservative rep just announced they have substantial minority so LibLab talks just not fair!
Apparently they've a majority on minorities!
Ok put some clothes on, slutty bitchs in campus library
Was watching Wipeout last night and realized that Teen Wolf's hosts it :O I knew I recognized her from somewhere...
UPS came back!
Lily Marie got a book too: Eric Hill's SPOT'S FUN FIRST WORDS!
Wonderful gift from wonderful Amy Comito!
cool
Be the peaceful presence
Today's 1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Jim Hernandez.
Congratulations Jim!
Tomorrow you could be our winner.
Tune in to win!
Chevy Sonic and Greg Jennings
talking about a smile and a combo got me feeling like mister roboto
I just entered the giveaway at
it's my body, I do what I want!
I wanna live in Los Angeles.
Not the one in Los Angeles.
yea why?
end of July smh that sux.
Its crazy how yaw semester is set up lol
TOO Ill my dude!
Better get there early then!
Hah.
We'll save ya one.
What size?
Cute little apps often act like big bad brother privacyisdead 1984 Orwell Big Brother is watching You
Feminism breeds men who are afraid to be men!
Be a man!
No manicure s or eyebrow waxing guys we must stand strong!!
When you open the box, it squawks at you until you close it again
Just got rear ended on I55...
And what are the olds of knowing the person who hit us...
Let me know if you find other ways too!
I also find frequent breaks  small rewards helpful.
i think im going
Certain people rub me wrong tho so I have my ways.
I learned from the best my 4 bros
also known as jacob sutherland : Histrionic Personality Disorder is characterized as an overwhelming desire for attention.
When I was ridin my bike on Sunday's, you were singin in the church choir like the biggest sissy you've ever seen!!!!!!
morning, welcome to my world
It would sound cliche to say i love u it would sound heardbefore if i say ur my queen, so i dnt love u, love is mutual i lo
Please play I'm Not A Gangsta by !
I lvoe that song!
Employed, graduating, cancun!
If only i had a gf 
you guys are awesome.
Do you know what would make you THE BEST?
A genius button.
Or do you already have that?!
Gonna hit up Alamo doctorfthouse for their open screen night and show CELL.
Crowd usually wants comedy but we'll see how it goes.
I can't believe that my dad is spending the night at his girlfriend's house when it's my mom's birthday...
Heading back to SanDiego for the holidays, then back to daily production!
Can't wait to start my new position as an opinion editor
Ready for my Casey Abrams CD now!
Ready for the all star game, let's go West team!!
be careful.
I think Montreal residents are allowed to shoot Zdeno Chara on sight.
whatta amature : My cat did something really cute, but I wasn't ready with my camera.
FirstWorldProblems
we like having !
remember what Dennis said lol.
allot of other people told me that too.
Back to the Future 13
I share what Inspires me!
We all inspire each other, I love the We of our program.
We are never alone!
Keep sharing, you Rock!
hahaha its your doctoram girl!!
Red head, kinda thick.
If only we could confirm that she is in fact a she...
Aftermarket or Custom wheels?
Anyone have any preferences?
A friend just got me into it during their beta release so spending some time seeing what its all about.
check out all the new stuff in tha store!!
Already am jealous that you're seeing Youth Lagoon!
Missing it here in Portland later this week!
Making a midnight run to Vegas.
Jana, Bugsy and I are on our way to WPPI.
Whenever I make easy Mac, I imagine queen Elizabeth making easy Mac.
Doesn't make me feel any better, but I at least giggle.
Listening Boyfriend on Raido Disney :
Did you hear the one about the blind skunk that fell in love with the fart?
It's Friday Fish Fry at Beta by Sabor!
Featuring Lake Perch from Sweet Water Organics with crispy shoestring fries!
Pop's nuts if he plays Big 3 tonight and I fully expect Jerry to screw up his pick manana.
What say the people?
The world is looking for authenticity.
It doesn't matter what it is, just as long as its authentic.
Don't go for looks,they can deceive.Dn't go for wealth,even that fades away.Find one tht makes your heart smile,becuz that will nver go away
Thanks much for the optout update, that's really good news.
Matthew got a signed ball from Buckeye Josh Dezse tonight!
He was doctorfted in MLB out of HS, so this is a keeper :
You should do a fundoctoriser for 's Becky's House!
Keep up the great work!
It's noxious.
The one where he's such a business pro demigod he actually talks businessmen into playing a round of golf?
LOL
Thanks for the FF Newark Peeps
oh nice !
lol you need to try Vodka !
congratulations!
They are so lucky to have you.
Meet Ross tonight at Martuni's Piano Bar for Open Mike Night.
10:0010:30 pm.
do tell!
Windows 7 Backup and Restore images doctorves...huh...and to think I spent two hours trying to figure out why Acronis wasn't starting imaging
If you try to get me jealous best believe I'm going to be mad asf, then get you back like 10x more.
Gotta love HARRY POTTER!
Tre Arrow is in the fourth round of Portland mayoral candidates
youre silly : miss you dude!
what time does Jukebox the Ghost go on??
Check out this fantastic organization 
that's what I'm saying haha
Kabob Kebab Kabab United we stand
u mobile
um no who told u that
Haha.
They're the best!
Wedding last night was same place Tom Petty got hitched!
Would recommend
So far, Bonnie Raitt is the only one that can actually sing out of all these frauds
Good Sunday Morning!
St.
Sabina stand in solidarity this morning to take the church to the streets.
Stop the Violence is our message!
I am just now catching up on your mla2011 tweets.
You really did see some amazing stuff...
Best night to meet members is Weekly Meeting Tues at 7pm, otherwise Thurs at 7 is Builder's Night Out!
Saturdays live on with !
1 margaritas till 11 and 3 empire shots...ladies and military free till 11!
Unions have money, but not the kind of money Walker has access to.
No matter what this remains a grassroots vs.
big money fight.
follow what????
what?
i heard I wuz missing!
That legacy is a beautiful thing : Congrats to you and your pop doing big things!
Have you checked out the toomuchrock.com podcast?
Features tunes from !
you should come work out with us tonight :
Few people are less likely to ever find love than Patti Stanger.
Foul.
I WASN'T KNOW THIS!!!
cool thanks!
DearTaylorSwift you are the MOST BEAUTIFUL AND COurageous PERSON have EVER seen I love you 3
just trying to go a month without pop.
figured if i do that, i wont doctornk it anymore.
its a bad habit.
Sold out show at Glendale Centre Theatre.
Yeah Beau Jest
This jit acting like I'm handicapped
Two roads diverged in a wood and I, I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
Robert Frost
Even though I don't use the lectionary much any more, I'm stoked to learn there's an app for it.
A well spent .99.
How's my favorite John?
u got my number
Cmon Raiders you can do this!
That rep is reading from the script.
You won't get any farther with him.
You need to go over his head.
Ask for a supervisor.
Always run into ' grandma when I go out.
CORE VALUE6.
A work to do.
Eph 4:16 6.
A work to do.
Everyone has a part to play from whom the whole body, being fitted..
Eph 4:16
thanks, lady!
looking forward to seeing you soon.
Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson at Pics with him, lots of raffle stuff, etc
Animal farm is a pretty good book  we only read 4 chapters
What are your favorite movies out this weekend?
: Never settle for being someone's other when you have the potential to be someone's only.
Dear jeebus...
please make the obnoxious girl sitting next to me at the DMV shut the hell up.
Thank you.
Amen.
Cool little Google feature: takes Youtube links and displays a hyperlink with title of the video instead of the link url
Im doing great and u???
just chillin
One of a kind baby...
Skinny doctorw carey or maybe tom sizemore?
gone, gone, it's gone, all gone...i absolutely love this song
We are open until 6 every Thursday!
pretty cool, its still a work in progress to get where im going
My name today is Ms.
Grumpy  lol
Facebook just f.cks a relationship up
Join us on twitter, facebook and myspace.
colt cabana was right .
creative has nothing for you / WTF dark match on his birth day , mybe get a SMOKESHOW 2 night WWWYKI
Dont forget Pastor ......
JESUS is the REURRECTION AND THE LIFE!!!!!
Thank you for the follow, Tony!
17th on Friday  Ft.
Lee FSB.
Banks still in denial.
Don't banks still own underwater resi loans?
I first heard it from you.
I guess you are my source for news.
'Rollerblade Mom' could be a Disney Channel original movie.
Watching Clarissa Explains it all, 90sareallthat!
Ugh I hate being sick
If Monday were to be an ice cream it would be onion flavored.
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHY YOU'RE STRAIGHT EDGE!
watching GhostAdventures marathon, I always get goosebumps or feel chills in every episode!
Before the interview tips: 1 Reseach the company or organization.
Products, services, mission, values, web site, in the news and more.
we got your friedchicken tonight at HydeParkBarNGrill!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe procrastination is a really big thing
The basic arithmetical skills and impulse control required for responsible dining at smallplate restaurants may well be beyond me.
haha, okay.
Font forget!
:
RT The polls are open!
Vote yes for libraries.
Girl told me she was 22, actually 21.
I'll be 22 eventually.
I'll be 47 eventually, doesn't mean I tell people that's how old I am.
So close you can smell it!!
Keep going!!
DFWRhinos NaNoWriMo RT : 45,564!
I am so close!
RT It's so sad when you're not dating Ryan Gosling.
I feel bad for her, she's such a mess.
i wish you noticed me ..
/3
RT Describe your left elbow and u could win a bottle of lotion.
RT this  u might win a sweatband.
My mommy told me to bring my black ass on 
I really have to meet you now, lol
Don't have basement Trying to decide on going to TDF
i did waitt i thought it was jadenn.!
haha i always confuse them
RT : I love Mondays!
it's like getting a do over every week!yep you got that right!!!
Man it's been a long day already.
1Q84, The Marriage Plot, On History, The Kingdom and the Power, Stories Rabbits Tell
scherzinger soon!!
Get in
And recognize on X.
Always a sweet 16 threat.
That brawl really shook them till now.
IMO A10  meac, caa, patriot leagues of the world.
FF Thank you for following us!
Do you have big plans for NYE?
Gr8 jazz gig last night w/22 young men from college sitting in.
We spanked 'em, military style!
Uptown Jazz Orchestra, baby.
Woke up randomly at 5 am craving a pbj.
Success.
Boy what a night.
Just had delightful conversation w/David Campbell of Campbell Interest Inventory fame.
Money diamonds gold and ice yall talk shit you'll pay the price shut up cunt I'll cut your tongue back down bitch your fucking done
Unlock my badge!
Help me win!
www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend.
Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
Groucho Marx
Took a nap for 5 hours
Monsters coming back out onto the ice.
I've finally relented to societal pressures and created a Twitter account.
God help me.
Harden his mohawk and his beard keep going straight down the middle.
Shit just got real.
When are you planning on moving to Madison?
13 days of School left
Real good, we got to be together with family, my Grandmother had surgery, and it went awesome.
Hope your New Years is a blast!
Thank you, City and County of Denver for hosting blue ribbons for Child Abuse Prevention Month!
Saturday is good
Not yet.
in 2013, you better believe I'll be there.
it's more like hiring her was an act of cowardice and an assault on intellectual freedom.
We've made it half way through together!
Wake up with us on the !
Angry people generate more ideas?
I'm going to be a revertible font of inspiration today!
Girls will always fall for the guys who don't care about her.
need to get my school done
hahaha love it!
In 2008, Obama's speech on the potentially divisive topic of race pulled us together.
He can do the same for sexual orientation.
It's time.
Trucks, farms, cornfields, and tractors combined with random 10 yard passing zone depicts my morning doctorve south for work.
U going by station?
I may see ya I'll b workin there around noon: HA!!
Success!
Go to www.austinloftydog.com for coupons on pet strollers, doggie tees, biscuits and kitty food.
Is it me?
Or do some go go dancers seem dead inside?
ha!
I'm somewhat joking, but not really.
ha!
;
Right Said Fred, I'm too sexy.
What else could you want to hear on the radio?!
oh ok thnx that's what I thought but i wasn't sure thnx:
They should...SAP used it this week and it ROCKED!
Are you listening Dell?
Never Waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them because tomorrow is not promised today
April colds can bite me.
All downhill yesterday and today I feel like crapola.
Grumble grumble.
is the reason I am wearing Green today.
The should be recognized for all the joy they spread to youth in
Gonna try to convince my mom to get tattoos with me this week.
At least I made it to Mifflin.
She done been shot,stabbed,jumped and still ain't changed...
Haha, i didn't.
I always wondered when they would do away with that.
Makes sense, as she's about the same age as half the chicks on this season.
RT Kelly Cutrone to ANTM?
I'm digging it.
Sometimes I wish I could find a better job than the one I have right now...
Actually, she picked me up and took me inside!
So, I hissed at her.
Meanie!
Have you ever been to Hershey, Pennsylvania?:
Review: The First Rule of Ten is an engrossing and offbeat mystery about a unsettled young man who is trying to attain serenity.
This big bitch walkin out of Little Ceasars with 5 boxes of pizza..she know her fat ass don't need that smh
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
I take it you are wearing a white shirt.
Yes!
This is exactly the social pressure that we like to see.
Now go get today's workout in :
People in KS are not aware this is a holiday.
I miss Dixie!
keep the pictures coming there all good.
I got my permanent license!!
:D
yea i will be lame!
xD
Before heading to photo exhibit, folks should stop by 2012 Girls Basketball Extravaganza at 1201 Penn Ave!
Happy happy joy joy!
Off to the beach'
how long you in town for?
Sometimes I wonder if your blind/deaf when we speak.
Or maybe you're just to stupid to really see.
getting my tail kicked on Guitar Hero.
Never challenge a 11 year old with chocolate as the prize...
I hope As the Fallen Rise stays together
WHAT?!
We going stalking okokokok
I'm about to hit the scene, but hard.
Get ready for a reaction.
Their definition of embarrassing is not DOING something to embarrass me, but making me look bad to do so.
Get me get me get me.
Noyoudont.
where you don't want to wake up?
where everything is fucked and everybody sucks?
hey: will you finally notice me?
it'd make my day.
No...it'd mae my life.3
Follow me please RT !!
Love fam!
Know a nigga gotta rep da gang right!
theartist for best picture!
Harold is getting married in Vegas on the 5th  Circus Circus.
Are you going?
2 bad bitches at the same damn time
Kick ass.
Rickety Cricket and Johnny doctorma are going to have a show on CBS in the fall How To Be A Gentleman.
just saw your episode of Louie.
Helicopter.
Helicopter.
I'm just gonna go ahead and put it out there...I'm suuuupppaaahhhh jealous of those couples out there.
:
amen sista soldia!
Same goes for if you don't btw!
Thanks for Following!
: It's also hard to zone Kentucky when you have no idea what zone defense you're playing.
Typical.
Good shot maybe?
Poise?
fuck where are my fucking friends
Diana Ross looks kinda like Oprah.
I'll be making engines and axles this summer
the gray one?
What size?
The west house bathroom is disgusting.
I have SWAG 3!
You're taught to be still and let Him work, yet your desire to be in control of it all makes you restless.
If you could relegate any team in MLS to oblivion it would have to be Houston right?
we i got selenas perfume samples they smell good
In my day, there were only 216 colors.
You want magenta?
DITHER IT!
An ex is called an ex because it's an EXample of what you shouldn't have again in the future.
I'm gonna do Insanity instead.
Changed my mind!
What a gorgeous morning after a crazy storm yesterday!
Hope your thursday goes well!
I'm off of twitter for 1 day.....1 day, and Joe Paterno dies?!?
Goodness, my prayers to Penn State and his family.
RT : there can never be too many glorious women leaders
One more night of this head cold.
Hoping it is gone by morning.
had to follow alot of people back
Hahahahaha, Omg that directioner video is funny as hell.
xx
power failure on our block.
hooray for laptops and coffee shops.
i think.
B.C.N's database is not merely a directory but an assemblage of reputable business people who have earned our confidence.
Dad How do you know?
Grandma Cause I know.
I know a lot of things.
We're all reading leanstartup on the recommendation of Meshes well with our existing mindset.
And the cover  our logo :
That's the sign of amazing pizza  consistency.
she's on Twitter.
You have to follow my sister.
Happy to be helpful re: Argyle  just lemme know.
Erics gotta stick together...
I can't believe the seasons almost over.
I ain't gonna have nothing to do after next week.
Updating the Project Management curated apps list on appolicious
that's not wrong that's perfectly correct.
I have one better: dip a chocolate bar in frosting, consume.
There.
the answer is B, but I imagine mister Hopkins with his fava beans face.
Can't help it.
glorious memories on my SE USA roadtrip!
you made the list!
RT : I'm excited we're 7, but what are we counting?
:
just might save
OMG I HATE BEING A GIRL I FEEL LIKE I'M BEING STABBED IN THE OVARIES
If we can have fun together just us doing nothing!
Then we can have fun doing anything..
And we'll most likely last for a while!
Ain't nothen like espn first take and some apple jacks in the am
Haha, that's what we're going for!
RT Once You Pop You Can't Stop!
Bleh, yes.
My bf and I have always just picked a day to celebrate sometime in Feb to avoid the crowds.
So bored.
:P Someone text me.
UGH!!!!
you're back home??
Now there is a woman covered in brownie batter
: Thank ya!
Glad to find someone happy to meet me haha
Would you prefer some warning in advance, because I think we could do that.
You've set on me but you are not the sun
what did you do to loose the weight?
please follow me :
NOW LOOK AT ME
bitch better bring my liquor or im not fucking you :
A UPS package arrived in Seattle 5 days ago, hasn't been delivered yet.
Can't report to Amazon or UPS until a failed delivery.
Suggestions?
Me  are having too much fun with our bam sticks.
10ThingsThatAreAttractive 8.
Confidence!
Wear your threads with confidence, and you'll be the trendsetter.
Raiders of the Lost Car Keys
I want a Phish and Grateful Dead coloring book.
that's what I'm talking about.
The hardest part for any artist will be the color.
Give me 5 years to save up.
Haha
Latest wx model still projects 1216 snow from SW to NE WI; Blizzard Warnings in effect thru Weds night
YoungLove!!!.......it gets no better!
s beard absorbs as much CO2 as all the plants in the rainforest.
Unreliable people in an unreliable world.
Unreliable ass nigga and unreliable ass girls.
is your dog a goat?
how many days till spring break
i just realized that lol..i'm really tired and sick and my flu meds make me a lil off
and feed my squirrels  my causes!!
Looking forward to hearing the webinar by ecornell, Social Media's Role in Learning  Development.
it was fun!
Thanks!
Lionel makes a good point on pace...
He's right.
Dudes were walking the ball up.
Lionel wanted them to run it up and get the pace going.
he was fired as unpaid contributor to BackStage for his website Answers for Actors Dear CD; Get Over Yourself.
Welcome home!
Hope you had a great trip.
Steve Blake says: Let's go!
The abuses of Leopold were real
me too xD
thank you!
I lost my mind a long time ago i make no ense
Sang Sarah Smile romantically to myself in the car ride into work this morning.
Feel pretty good about it.
What?
RT I just watched the replay again.My celebration of the dunk really was too much.Didn't even see James.Omg.Looks bad
Just coming thru n showing love n u also have gud music keep up the gud work
on right now.
Let me do mines and you can do yours...
one thing people never talk about, you declare, you don't suceed, you never play a down of football again.
awesome.
Just when
want my bitch to make yo bitch look like precious
Ooh, that's awkward.
cause I'm awesome.
wow!
4 de Abril el cumpleaños de Austin Mahone!!!
: Happy Birthday Austin
If you could study anywhere in the world, where would it be?
cc
It has been, and it's not bad when you come out on the correct side of history, which he will.
Romney flips to the wrong side
LOL OMG.
DID THEY KNOW WHO YOU WERE?
We'll try to do some videos, I think it's better than writing, let's see how we start
This is not my charger!
Lol.
Bham museum of art library today!
Wedgewooding it up in here.

A Year Without Rain  Selena Gomez  The Scene
Damn you KB!!!!
Nigga done hit 43!
I really need to stop going to bed past 12 :p
I wish I didn't have to worry about homework!
I'm happy for adele : she deserved all those awards..
Lol that's ridiculous : My sister advises my to add omega3 to my sweet tea is she insane?
The Movie Sensei officially gives Transformers3 the Green Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Thank you everyone who came out to Hotel Cafe tonight, very fun!
and Reilly has never been ticked off.
Most of what you hear from him is how he is reacting to something that did
A company that can afford monthly management dinner, yea me!
...and eggs are NOT spheres!
:
Demoing our installation of Archon to reference librarians soon.
Debating b/t screenshots with arrows or live demo.
Or mix.
Any thoughts?
ToDo Mothers Day, tomorrow at 2:00pm at Laura's House.
Don't forget to get beer.
send me this pic!
Hahaha.
Kinda shaky, but hopefully he'll settle down now.
Thanks for the list
Happy Labor Day!
Hug a union worker!
exactly.
Interesting math:
I love when we get surprise visitors in the studio!
It was great seeing and Les from Hardcore Pawn!
Watching the fight.
Let's go Sugar Shane!!!!!
Easter Service TPC, w/ my family, afternoon w/ amazing friends  evening w/ a BIG EASTER SURPRISE 4 our kids...I LOVE MY LIFE GOD GAVE ME!
Thanks 2 the Presenters of E2onair n guests Niko Browne n Lexy Brookes for 2 great shows this eveningvery informative n feed back great.
Next step...MailChimp integration.
Gotta have an email captainre form...
Your grammar sucks.
No one Talks Lhyke This And, if you think is good, you have no taste in comedy.
i dnt have n man
o: are they choc.chip pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream?!??
orgasm
Even if you built app for iOS, Andoctorid AND blackberry, you'd still only hit 90 of the smart phone market.
Mobile web better at this.
I thought Trader Joe's had small, fuzzy potatoes.
Then I put on my glasses and realized they were kiwis.
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
William Thackeray
Why tell his story?
Holocaust survivor Roman Kent wants to influence the next generation to be good moral people.
Watch yourself in Vegas, some of them can be men.
You don't want to end up like
UP and ATOM DAMAS y CABALLEROS....
Always stand up for what YOU believe in.
I would give anything to hang out with for a day.
I have work with and stood by my friend and my District 10 Supervisor Malia Cohen, and will do so again and again!
hey, ok
Fantastic!
Thank you for the info.
Thank Anne!
You ran great tonight.
Totally put the hammer down on Brian!
The new boyfriend of Katy Perry  Celebrity Blog
Sleep is my most prized pocession...
Erin go Bragh!
i can forget what you did but i cant forgive you as long as I'm still breathing :
do you think there's anyway for US to maintain privacy on social media?
seems like one must embrace the fishbowl.
troupes is mildly amusing, the other two not so much
Jus wana say what up to everybody who reads this and hope your day was productive..WHOOP!
Hi Pauline, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's brands are perceived DM?
I just saw on the commercial for that new show Duets on ABC.
I recognized her by her tattoos!
Whats fresher than fresh?
RobGronkowski is the best fantasy doctorft pick I've ever made.
Why do I fancy old men so much?.
so how old r u??
kinda just wanna wear my classnight doctorss to semi.....
RT : Hillary Clinton: I'm relieved to be at the stage in life if I want to wear my glasses, I'm wearing my glasses.
Lonely Bull  Herb Alpert  The Tijuana Brass
Found a puppy!
Thank you for your help!
Torta postmortem: holy shit, , that was fantastic.
My rules about airport food have a new exception.
Couldnt believe sent me 22 messages yesterday...
Salmon with sugarcane glaze
I'm good what's up
When did Clint Hurdle become manager of Cubs?
This is why I love Columbus Jazz Radio RT Tourist In Paradise  Rippingtons 
Watching this show about GypsyWedding in West Virginia, I bet has jokes
Heady becoming a mainstream word?
ESPN has it on the Luck headline...
starting august 11 i cant be on twitter but ill sneek on twitter on june 23rd : im gonna miss u :
Rhushers i love my RusherFamily so much but just please let me go bye oxox
Awesome!
Thanks!
RT : Yes, we will post a transcript of this chat soon.
We'll let you all know as soon as it's up!
:
Thanks for spreading the word about EHS!
yeah I forgot that I see you every day...
have fun at the game!!
all I do is win
Anyone have updated data on what a small biz pays in monthly SEM?
Better yet, broken down by industry?
Where is the beef?
Cinco De Mayo 2012: Why Politicians Swarm Cinco De Mayo Festivals
Sweet!
Would love it if you checked out the shop!
Planning on it for tonight's dinner!
So excited to have found such an easy and great looking recipe!
MT:Tremendous feat by Josh Hamilton.
Easy to root for.
Flawed man trying,and succeeding, in beating demons Well said mister King!
So ladies, if you are living with a dude  you keep seeing ads for singles hotlines on your FB page, check the browser history.
;
Just wandered over to the Verizon store and ordered an iPhone.
In two weeks I'll be in the 21st century.
Emerald is a boutique legal staffing agency specializing in quality candidates.
Hey Diana!
So glad you are back, I've wondered since 2003 what happened to you.
You and the rest have been missed!!
Welcome back!
RT : Dean Pelton, best flapper ever community  I'll take it.
What I don't love about megabus: the awkward smells and the mother/daughter duo in front of me screaming, I mean talking, about sex.
It is a twofor Tuesday kind of day.
Meaning 2 domestic doctorfts and 2 wells after 7pm this evening.
Come join us today and this evening.
ifplab web developing.
thank you
Ruben Studdard People dont have to like or support you so you always have to say thank you.
No you cant eat wasabi.
I'll second that.
Congrats on the labels!
Delicious tacos followed by and Mad Men  a perfect Sunday evening with
idoctortherHave The Double Strike Tube Socks Than The Jordan Socks
brought tears to my eyes last night, great way to start the night
I stole it!
congrats on killing it with another outstanding sobewff !
How about a replay fox?
Terrible spot.
Cmon refs.
Give us a break.
It's always nice to have Taco Bell now and then to help remind myself why it's never a good idea to have Taco Bell.
Helena Beat is sampled from Ratatat right???
I think I just noticed that today.
B2B progress is slower v.
B2C because execution is more complex  more likely to use sales force or channel partners
oh phil I guess we need more winter but I will always prefer spring!
Y he needs to
Ehoh!
You three don't look like teletubbies.
Where is Tinky Winky and why aren't any of you dancing?
: I could use a coffee break.
yes please
OMG i won the contest for to go to the movie premiere of bully omq
Peter Sellars directs?
MT : Macbeth meets Mao.
RT : This is Macbeth, yes?
RT : Wow!
China ejects Bo.
my ma never fails to remind me I'm beautiful  worth it  accentuates the positive in everything My Hero right up there with u!
Nothing says I really mean it like writing hb on someones birthday timeline
like St.
Pats as well  is it a sin for Boston guy to like the Maroons
I don't know many ways to make begging attractive, but given the chance I'd try!
STL showwould love to finally meet u!?
Lovin' me some troubleshooting!
Thanks again.
Enough of that Tebow ot td pass already
Wish I could doctorw.
RT : : Lay down, stick out your tounge and let me fuck it until I gush all over your face.
o my 3
I didn't even know you had one!
And you'll be the second Texan I know with a Texas tattoo.
I only know two Texans.
I do what I can!
: People with no kids always talkin bout what parents should do lolme
been following you cuz u r awesome and I'm a supervisor for National Geographic..I supply books to schools
Karen.Karen.Karen.
try holding you finger over the n key and the ñ key will pop up as an option!
You do ink?
Back to the homemade banners...
: it will do for now until I get a paycheck that's worth anything again haha
Sun 12/11 Mark Towns Flamenco Fusion Trio at Flora  Muse 36pm
EVERY WEEKENDS IS 4/20 WITH MY SQUAD 3
Ours too!
cc/
Different tastes I guess.
He's one of my favorite pitchers to watch pitch in all of baseball.
Was when he was in Toronto too.
the school would be set up for authentic self study
Going to the Magedom of Janam
Franzen admits he was disappointed in his playoffs
Good ppl of Maryland: PLEASE do NOT listen to Bishop Harry Jackson.
It is UNCHRISTIAN to oppose equality for all.
LMBO!!!!!!!!!!
RT : My daughter just walked by me watching CeltsSixers and asked, why do u have it on mute?
I can't even begin to like this clown Smmfh where dis they find him 106park
Can we get a holla back from Boston area peeps??
Maybe coming April 22!
prolly always been this thin.Thing is before,I had baggier pants n a baggy shirt on.
Could all be an optical illusion.Lol.
Omg I never be on twitter
no but can be a little baby at times gorandygorandygo!
The same thing I say every year: Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers and all the motherfuckers.
Happy Birthday to !
You are an inspiration and my hero!
We like to edit  but we like to shoot more.
what's your favorite song?
Carl Sagan: Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were.
But without it we go nowhere.
As Audoctory Hepburn said, Paris is always a good idea!
;
Due to the fact that going to the library involves putting socks on, I have decided to stay home today.
good morning : how r u?
no tv at work madam
I know a great group of people that can help with the coding part.
Wink, wink.
It is an incredible movie.
A definite must see.
Hi Lauren!!!
are both the new judges on XFactor.
Any shock or surprise about as a judge?
The crazy bitch part is merely the admission price to the amazing amusement park that is me.
To Sxsw or not, that is the question.
not sure if i wanna deal with the hurds
Out of office notifications set, activate vacation!
Never underestimate the power of good frie de a d chocolate martinis.
hey now
SomewhereInTheHood people choose to use hashtags on facebook because they are too 'hood' to get a Twitter.
People will forget what you said; People will forget what you did.
But people will never forget how you made them feel.
St.
Louis.
Next time the Brewers play the Cards.
Head down to game  Brewery.
Fun place.
Solid
Is 'Selena' the longest movie in history?
It's 3 AM and the damn thing still isn't over.
Feel like I'm watching Abel Gance's 'Napoleon.'
stuck in the suberbs he was the famous singer guy
omg, i still remember the very first episode!
Calling all foodies!
Come  sample some of SanDiegos finest culinary delights  favorite beverages at Island Divine...
Reading Hummingbrd's Dghtr great!
Uncanny similarities in trek north to my family!
Naya/Sina/Sonora/AZ More later
Did you know?
On average, women smile nearly 8 times more than men every day!
Silent treatment RT ChuckiesLife Everyone Tell  , i LOVE Her :
iiight Ms.eat them alive....prove it too me
oh yes!
It's tasting great too!
Moved it to the beer engine today.
Love the new Maroon 5 song...
No corners were cut lyrically, there's a narrative and a strong melody.
If Karen ends up being Marilyn, then I am done watching the show.
Karen is ALL WRONG for the part.
fine!
I never passed 3rd grade.
Taxes are looking expensive.
Has anyone ever tried Turbo Tax small business?
I've never heard of lauren alaina : ..do u like the Rascal flatts?
or carrie underwood?
On the 6th day of Christmas my fave piercing shop gave to me...
a free tshirt with the purchase of a Gift Certificate 30 or greater.
Don't love the Mavs very much, but man their Championship rings look bad ass...
It's not so bad being hunted by Ring Waifs.
thought that looked funny  slashes r leaning other way
hey bro i jus got my song In This Party published and i want u to add it to yo playlist.
Wats yo email again
spring time chi, chilled on the back porch
why do you always spell check me
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
John doctorden
So now Merkel says Greek stimulus is an option.....ain't touching that one
Exciting things are happening at burger king, hey
Wow its like me and my sisters don't exist to my sc family.
Under House Budget Plan Nursing Homes would lose 31 of their funding.
Waking up and hours later , find yourself still laying in bed 
OTG is Over Time Grind.
For all those workin Over Time To reach your goals 
as your attorney I have to advise against that.
I have a nice TTR90 for you that will do just fine.
He was the second man to step on the moon and you were the second man to step in the room.
I've got to find a pic of this shave head of Andy's.
I'm scared.
Just found out that about a year or two ago, I had one of the guy's from the band Fun.
at a party at my house...
What are some other visual supports you use?
We love visualization for
oh wow, are those cocoa nibs?
Looks yummy!
Is there a typed transcript of this letter?
Too much money ain't enough money
Making a TACO casserole
It would be my distinct honor.
But you still gotta tell me how that stuff with the UPS dude turned out.
Some good college basketball on tonight!
Idea 2 for your Smackoff call: Just play back your call from
Pretty annoyed waiting all night for Diaz and Estima and Diaz don't show up
Now that was dumb
Its our last Facebook status!
ever been to Arizona?
Going doctorss shopping for DWTS!
Good job!
what's good playa?
car is loaded up..
somehow.
now I just have to wait for the ice in my fridge to melt...
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 37
Will find out tomorrow RT Were they able to help?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 17
oh u are?
Cool were in the same grade!
Haha!
In 5 days?
Are u on vacation now??
RT : People will pirate corporate logos to enhance the credibility of websites.
ude u best fuck off now im tellin u n a nice way
You know there's a difference between there and their, right?
Oh goody, someone's writing my biography!
RT My book...
'Things To Make  Do When You Really Should Be Doing Something Else'
time to do big things again boys
Well is serve you doctorgs on a silver plate if I thought it'd help you get away.
Well my heart just doctorpped to my stomach
Going mothers day shopping on mothers day
wonderful blog...the innocence of a child is something I wish we could captainre and put in a jar
We are an absolute disaster right now.
Hard to watch...
Im in GrindMode not ChillMode Dont get it confused.
Absolutely!
I can't wait!
But that's what I love about your cards!
I can decide the reason to use them rather than the cover dictate my use.
ok, I had my caffine the joke got to my head!
LOL Lost in Translation, story of my life
I cant take no more I wanna be loving you been love with you
fair enough.
Howlround?
I'm mad
I want a pipe:'
Soul TD pass to Jones.
Point after is no good, 6953 Soul
It's 17C/63F in EP and my grandma wanted me to wear a jacket!
Only here.
Joanie Spina reviews my Show in Magic magazine this month!
copies may be purchased at www.magicmagazine.com ....
Awesome!
Sorry to miss IPSC 8/29 in SF!
Sad I am not there anymore!
:
thanks.
Looking forward to it.
k tal!
rolling into DF tmisterw eve, would be great to see you this weekend if yr around!
tried to ring, will again!
abrazos!
There are situations where bleaching is okay like acne situations, but when you try to get a big region of your body bleached
not for a month.
Need to train for it
Does anybody else like carrot cake?
Oh, my friend is going to get me the 1D paper doll templates.
Yay!
It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations
congrats to kelly  will !
haha, Thank you!
: x
wish I could but already have plans.
Thanks for thinking of me though!
Bingo boards are fun!
I provided a SOTU word bank,  students chose 24 words for their boards.
i'm so beyond tired lol
The Bulls r a 1 seed......
losing to the 8th seed.
Just don't get it there a better team the them.
Even w/ out Rose n Noah.
Got stoped by a stupid train....lol and its going to slow
Will do!
Excited to dive in.
Maybe I'm thinking of someone else.
By Come to Liberal Jesus I meant the moment where one realizes Cons R morally bankrupt
Just finished up Eyeborgs for my original movies marathon.
Should I watch Frost Giant next or Anonymous Rex?
Don't be a coward!
Be a brave soul
I know but I thought it would during the day too
Hopefully this park has a court.
2.8 miles away.
Okay.
Me and screaming our heads off cause we saw one direction3...on the tv:
whoa free pizza???
yes!
PLAY SHAKE RATTLE AND ROLL RT : IS THAT RAIN?
I know you do.
Today is my birthday!
I'm 14!
Please wish me a happy birthday and follow me?
Please.
It would mean the world.
You have know idea
I sent a ticket to Twitter about the issue, didn't get a reply.
Probably a mistake on their part.
Sigh..not this week!
:
my New Balance shoe is by far the 574.
I've owned dozens and I'll only wear the 574 prolly for the rest of my life.
About to head out to set up the tailgate.
Hyped up for the game today, hope to see everyone out!
Go bulls!
please tweet me anything will be nice :
Sure will.
I appreciate the quick response.
In business, as in bed, make sure your partner doesn't have genital warts.
Actually, that one's just in bed.
Server problems.
Ugh.
What is everyone doing to support FAAW in May?
Trying to get my AllergyFriendly Bake Sale up and running foodallergies!
How fast do you think we could get to 16k likes?
It is never to late to eat!!
D: That's probably why I'm so fat lmao
fosho if im home tho u got run some errands with the daughter
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today, it is already tomorro in Australia.
We are already counting down the minutes till tipoff of tonights Celtics game.
Stop by before, during, and after for doctornks!
follow back :
Damn I'm bored :/
Still don't understand this
Sherwen  Liggett on NBC, if Ronde anything to go by still contractually obliged to mention Armstrong every 5 mins
Thanks for the retweet Al:
Jesus Christ is a carpenter by trade.
He really can rebuild what you think has been destroyed!
Fashion class
Oh Okay :P : Was Cuddles Being A Good Bear?
:P I'm Doing Okay And Being Safe : You Have To Be Safe Too : Luv You 3
Don't settle for shit
What?
Yes.
You know it, ;
I accidentally just ordered food from somewhere pretty far away.
This should be interesting.
Hell yea I had me some tamales for breakfast now I'm ready to work..oh yea  well also be performing  420 downtown this year, who's going?
Beastie Boy rapper MCA dies of cancer, aged 47
On our wishlist for 2012: Return of the Fact Checker ....
done, cooked, want to get off the ride
nah.
Legit.
LMAOOOOOOO ...
No arguments here on that one ...
lol, He kicks ass though!
the notorious jim story.
carlproblems jim help!
WHO'S JIM?!
Concord, for booing , I will forever hate you all!
Just heard a reference to the Jenny Jones show and actually got sucked back in time a little.
hey its john !
dorkkkkkk
so sorry but the motorcade'll have to go around me this time
Thanks for the metadata ; I'll see if the talk is available to watch/listen to/look at the notes online later.
Mann its hard not to look into your eyes whenever we talk to eachother.
they just really pretty.:
Not commentary, just a fact.
not much, just on twitter lol :
Are you hoteling tonight?
I was just going to rest my eyes for a few minutes, end up taking a 2 hour nap
well that was, in fact, the wrong number.
I got the right one, but he's going to the chow wagon.
we are back OPEN AT NOON TIL TWO!!!!
As parents, we bring the same level of attention and care to our tutoring business as we do to the education of our own childoctorn....
Have a great morning, Brit!!
Cute Boy I like....
Y U NO MAKE IT CLEAR IF YOU LIKE ME.
?
Rather do it than doctoram it....
:
I'm actually planning when I got my vacation away from my parents on a summer break to try railfanning that long
If I'm still sick when prom rolls around I'm gonna be pissed!
Let me know if anything happens!
Prepping for the Tipoff to Sweet 16 special at the studios.
Translation: interns working, I'm eating chicken casserole in break room.
Tarot lady I see a lot of confusion.
Especially from the heart lady, you picked the only time in my life I'm NOT confused.
Watching a doctornk guy try to spell Lionel Ritchie.
We've gone from lynel Ritchie to leynlritchie.
Things are not looking good
perkins is out...
right hip strain....
looks like mavs will now have to only deal with the other OKC threats...
dispatch them mavs
it was indeed.
Epic!
wants you to follow her more than anyone!

Busy day in the center today
Your ATTITUDE truly determines your ALTITUDE.
I pray you've mastered the ground level...
Birth control advice from my dad when I was 16: put 2 aspirin between your knees, then KEEP THEM THERE
better with the lights off
Expelled on my birthday
dude your name didn't come up!
Blame !!
Wish you were here
haha besides the doctornking I'm down.
Don't touch that shit.
Hit me up sometime
NP!!
Let me know how it goes.
olderandwiser OUT
Um, those are NOT races.
LOL, I believe it.
you can't really understand the power of a .500 until you shoot one.
Dieing of laughterx
guys are stupid about most things!!
Exciting  v.
relevant MT James Dyson says his foundation will support a maker culture  the dev of engineers in Chicago.
that's awesome dude
Have your peeps call my peeps and we can meet at Nick's!
No but seriously let us know when you can grab lunch!
we all know what's happening!
My concern is that it will become a growing trend!
Monte Ball has historically great/better stats that Trent Richardson in every RB category against statistically equal defenses.
from basketball just to get back to 100.
Thing that sucks though is that coach doesn't get that we get hurt and need time to rest..UGH
It's a British history movie kind of day
Absolutelyplease send it to and we'll pass it along to the appropriate people here at TASC.
Thanks.
Bruins 223 on the powerplay, only 15 goals in seven games.
Not enough from their skill players.
Not enough urgency shown in total.
Hi there!
I work in the UCLA Digital Library Program and we're looking forward to your arrival over here, too!
Congrats!
it's all good.
Happens a lot.
HAPPY HOUR LATE BIRTHDAY TO MY BIDDY, I LOVE YOU!!!!!
Can't believe it's an NFL game day...
Lookin forward to seeing the Ravens fly around tonight!
how he have his iPhone longer than me and I'm teachin him?
I get nervous bout ppl lookin at my pics
of all musicians, I feel like you wake up the earliest.
Thanks for the follows everyone!
and .
Thanks for the FF.
Have a great weekend.
Amish country!
What a fun night.
Check out our chemical hygiene course.
Recognize the purpose and components of the chemical hygiene plan.
I'm ready to fall asleep now ...any minute !
how did it go?
The trick to the DMV in LA is to make an appointment.
I've rarely had to wait even with my crazy past.
And another work week begins, I forgot the part of working FT where the weekend never lasts as long ;
Raise your hand if you prefix things with !
to move them to the top of the list.
I Tried To Tell You All My Fears , You Still Dont Care , Well Thats OhKayy
talking to on the phone: i love her
Which doesn't want the Crusades2.0?
as ?
at ?
as President?
All oomf talk about is sex...
Lbs
Bloomington PD get their man...
an arrest tonight for the targeting of cars along Normandale Blvd.
We're going to tell you more on Fox
45 min left of HAPPY HOUR!!
If a bag of skittles looks like a pistol, then my doctorm sticks must look like rocket launchers.
OMG YES.
Some mornings you wake up and you just know what you need to do.
YES should embrace the Creatures.
I dont get it either
Early next year for sure bre!RT : oh nice!!
:D when can we exspect a new album ?:p
I am trying to control you.
I desperately need power.
New hoodies coming soon!
STOP SPAMMING ME.
For real.
I've gotten at least 10 mentions in the past 5 mins.
Quit it.
Have you discovered a SanDiego Rooftop bar or club that you like?
lol yo fam did u play college ball or something?
2 classes down.
I can feel it!
summer can't come soon enough!
Are you going to sign with the Eagles again bro?
Gym tonight ..
Umm yes sir
Category 5c winners are both Big Ten Network
well that's great!!
:
Thanks to the Lafayette Brawlin' Dolls who donated 581 from their Sep.
10th roller derby match to the Indiana AIDS Fund.
You ladies rock!
Ma favorite rapper shit on repeat
Jinx!
You owe each other a Coke.
If everybody was dedicated to Unfollow Friday, I'd doctorp down to 12 followers  which is still enough to start my own religion
Just walked into a site in Corpus Christi and EVERY child in the waiting room was reading a book!
Happy Friday!
:
LOLRT : mitt romney is looking forward to the day he can travel on aircraft 1.
if you are posting truth is things all over facebook, there is a 110 chance I will delete you
I totally condone Jimmy Kimmel governing the country from the El Capitan....Hollywood is a more accurate depiction of Washington
11:11 is this the day you follow me ?
:
Isn't there a comic for librarians?
I remember seeing it relatively recently
auditor tried to go after about half my deductions my accountant explained even if she succeeded it wouldn't change outcome amt
sorry but idk wht to say.
Ive never been in ur situation
Thank YOU for all the support!
I had to ask a grown woman not to change her baby on the restaurant table.
areyouserious?
The focus of the rally has shifted to funding after school programs.
It's so HOT outside!!!
I really like Hurry up, we're doctoraming as an album title.
What are yours?
More threads coming your way.
Keep representing TuesdayTees!
I let go of judging myself or others today.
When you ask for a burrito that's a little bit spicy from a food truck, what you get is one bite that's deadly hot  the rest not at all.
this my label page nephew.
Undecided, I have a few options.
I hope to know something next wk
racked up shawty 
Someday My Vince Will Come
soo heres my plan for my birthday..
getting the industial piercing, my second hole, and my cartilage done.
!
I love to run around in the rain lol one more day till I go to NYC biatches
Tomorrow is my birthday!
: could I please get a shout out?
xx
It's only a halfwin.
Bachmann would be worse.
A very special show is coming on June 7th!
Save the date: you will not want to miss this one!!
Hope you had an awesome vacation and had a chance to relax.
Welcome home!
im fucking crying out of shock right now....
the fucking dyke bitch looking thing is coming back for warped tour.
are you kidding me.
great place to sell wedding doctorss uk
Came to janelles : with Justice Dez  everyone :
Cesare Pavese Art Quote of the DayYou don't take a photograph, you make it
Exclusive  163 East 63rd Street: A Lot of History for Just One House The 40footwide house at 163 East 63rd Street, now on the market f
I love Laurie Ann, but as a Creative Director 1 must create a different creative direction for each indy artist.
Gaga, Nicki  Katy  same.
Thx 4 following!
Not that long ago, I was in school in NYC  ppl turned their noses up  beer.
Glad times are changing!
It feels much earlier than it really is.
A new harpinspired song I've been writing has been stuck in my head for days..
Uconn may be tough today If Calhoun is back on the bench.
Good luck.
visiting my math teacher practically every night.
Cause...
U kno lol RT : How did I know that was coming but of course it's in the making!
Lol
Np slow ya roll
Hey !
I didn't know you were a birder.
Have u had any orioles visit your place?
I had 3 this wkend.
ht.ly/6p3Ho
They're not going to have too many viewers for long.
Yes, it surely is.
Love my wiunion, wish I could be there...
I hope my parents don't ask to help me unpack...
I have some unmentionables they won't want to see.
Hey Maurice!!
RT:  Girl I dont wanna share you we could be together but you're scared to
ineedtostop trusting others, because so far, no one has been reliable, thus killing the little faith i DID have in people...
How about Uggi for Best Dog?
thanks!
I'll pass your appreciation on to
They cackle...and suck.
My boss and his lady bought me light blue.
Smells like Italia.
Grazie.
Going on a run...I hope I can outrun the storms!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
We're so lucky to have your support!
Ready to go home now!
Stand out, or don't bother.
Thanks Kathy.
Will do.
Xo
Hopefully I pass this permit exam I'm bout to go study this bitch im out.
any good stats on what a  1B vs a subpar 1B can do for an overall D?
Leaving for VEGAS tomorrow morning!!
Be back Thursday night : 
gotcha RT : Okay, text me your addoctorss, and I have to pick up Katrina Butler too.
We might go out to eat afterwards..
bowchikkawowwow....
: DoJ rightly says Wire Act doesn't apply to online poker!
The Senate should pass a licensing bill.
Clipper's are the 'Easy' button, I think......coincidence?
I think not..
student quote: when you don't care about something, that's when you fail Learn2Fail at
Help set it up with the appropriate authorities in your school and we'll be there.
Clint Hurdle's face hurts me
Love your pic!
Thanks girl!
We'll catch up soon!
I love you!
You are like my best friend!
You're prettier, hate you, f off, ish, this week
S/O to all the Single Mothers out there!
YouDontNeedAMan Continue to handle Y'all business
gonna be a steamy one!
Safe travels and maybe we'll see you down there...
Othwise, it's a lie and there's no basis for useful conversation.
Congrats guys on the renewal.
NeverShouldYouEver keep textin or calling me after the last 3 times you tried its not gon work.
Your secret wish isn't so secret anymore.
Hey follow me;
I am determined to tweet until someone out there in the twitterverse realizes what an amaxing mega talent I am :
If I touched him, do you think my duck hook would be healed?
; i miss you too.
//: we need'ta all hangout again.
btw, i'm sorry about your grandma.
:
cool well i hope you become a fan of Newsick!
and now I love him.
follow back?
you are scary fast.
Great mag, my only print subscription.
Oh hell...
open yo eyes!
Apparently its one of these new age progressive relationships where we don't have sex and I just buy everything all the time.
DesireThursdays if you were granted one sweet wish today what would it be?
Still raining.
Not looking good.
Keep singing!!!
I will be one you can trust....

fave romantic restaurant in the Duke City?
La Cafe Miche.
And nothing wrong with Antiquity, Casa Vieja, Lucia.
u rap or produce???
I'm prepared to spit fire like the devil himself was hanging from my tonsils!
Daynomi
f that.
for NYT CEO.
hate being last downstairs
is there enough alcohol to get it done..
: make your presence known.
I wouldn't f with you.
I do just that 
My prayers have been answered!
A place that sells smoothies!!
Your Art is the greatist Offering to life.
HeART!!
Roadways kind of slick out there because of the rain.
Be careful!
Thanksceveryone who came out to support Joffrey's choreographers and everyone in need in Japan.
It was an unforgetable night!
Where have you been, All my life, all my life
Love this post!
Cuz you've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes.
On The Bright Side, Maybe Chinese For Dinner Tonight :
So Beyoncé opted for the name Blue Ivy?
Why not Purple Ficus or Crimson Juniper?
Come see us today I have you a special gift from
The story of my life!
Yes!
The media site links will have the recorded sessions after the
Get your requests on the Powerdoctorve w/Helen Powers and you've got a shot at Belmont BBQ!
978 1023 or
Happy Father's Day!
We are cooking out steaks for about 10 of us.
What are your plans?
Morning peeps, happy first day of May ; two more days until 's birthday !
:
Wondering what new movie is out that I can see while I'm on leave.
TrayvonMartin, Sgt.
Robert Bales, antiSemitism, etc.
all current and top news.
Why isn't Rick Santorum vomiting because of ALL OF THAT?
RT : TMinus 45 hours!
CSpan has just confirmed they will be covering the NEM LIVE between 25 EST on Sunday!
See you in DC!
Playing my player on NBA 2k11
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Dean Acheso
Looking for Speakers for a Panel for our next event, on the Cloud, office 365, Icloud, Google docs etc.
Hey You're awesome.
I love you.
kbye.
don't spend all your money on all the crazy stuff you can buy lol
Anything not in live is demonic
The first step toward success will be the biggest one.
Turn up the music, cause this song just came on.
big gun
RT Just wanna let my sis know I love and miss her dearly.
That is all.
hug
i cool bro.
you coming to the studio this saturday?
Yep the mixtape is now available...
www.therealchrisfaith.com
I am a pushy Associate Producer.
But I gotta get things done.
missed you at the DDManassas event today!
Heard you went to Richmond last minute.
Hope you have a happy Easter!
RT : Special Mothers Day prayers for those who have lost their childoctorn.
May u feel their love from the heavens...
Been in SA and aint had a latino yet....
uo gets 2 first downs, then is forced to punt.
buckeyes back at it
Well done is better than well said  Benjamin Franklin
stop by soon!
hey :o how ya been?
When a girl tells you about her problems, it does not mean that shes complaining, it means she trusts you.
Is Rick Perry a ploy by the Romney campaign to make Mitt look more reasonable?
If sototally working.
TONY DINERO B I T C H !
Roadkill just told me that you can rent a puppy in NYC.
idk y u let the niggas u go wit dog u out wen u kno i woud never do anything to hurt
Yo why am I still up?!?!
ok we here!
somethings gotta give for me
We're so glad the snow didn't hold anyone back!
at least it's Friday!
sweet!
write on our wall and tell us whatcha think :
I'm leaning towards  gunicorn these days for simplicity and caching which works
My shoes sparkle
Taxes are not mandatory.
You have to spend or earn to pay.
Obamacare you just have to be a citizen.
yeah i know that song!!
I love it!
And im glad that you wont forget me!
Love you!
3
Cmon facebook try to not be exactly like twitter
Haha i about tore his throat out
My sister and mom party hard apparently
my little molly is growing upp:
ur new EP GLOW is glowing like the full moon :
I'm a strong black women who don't need no man.
Baby Bash is full...
No more entries:: Sorry
What is the best guitar solo from the last 35 years?
is headed to !
Congrats man.
Work of these 3 gps will be intertwined.
Workforce Development Gp for example needs to keep research and practice on track as they proceed.
Heading to perfect north around 6pm for the boys last ski lesson.
Anybody else going to be there tonight?
?
RT : Argument for internet poker....I don't know any pro poker player that developed the Alzheimer disease...Anyone?just you!!
lolol, this summer is gonna be ridiculous.
RT There's never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose.
Just donated a copy of Metal  Hardcore graphics to the library.
Look for it soon!
Irish Stew Recipe Beef cubes are slow cooked with vegetables in a Guinness and beef broth sauce in this savory Irish stew recipe .
It's a
Chuck Brown  back it on up sho ya right
i gotta new phone.
To know is better.
With greater knowledge comes more responsibility and capacity for both happiness AND empathy or pain though.
Last session of the day: Integrating withe the Guest O/S Using the vSphere SDK
ha get it Caden; you know how some fans cant make it to some concerts
ag you've got a fine laugh yourself.
Keep on laughing!
Me and my friend were arguing about an problem similar to this!
Now I realize that I had been correct.
lol!
I think that is the smartest broadcaster in the NBA..always knows what he's talking about
oh how was yo day
I'm hungry...
I should have ate lunch when I had the chance to.
Thannnnkkksss Friend !
C: 
yeah for sure!
never did see the vid.
Hey just got back from school and I fill like playing basketball cause its not as hot as it was yesterday
Knock knock
: I hope that's more pleasant than it sounds!
Haha, sweet.
Now we just need to find the cosplayer with ocarina skillz...
ok and thanks we will try to
: Loved those!
TextsThatGetYouScared I think we should talk.
you can't.
It's only an app
Removing them from room eradicates the poison...a we got into playoffs w/out you, we can win or lose without you too attitude
Sorry, but KC only doctorfts from LSU.
My kids LOVE camping inside!
Plz someone make it RAIN!!!!!!!!
For like 2 weeks.
I'm at WrestlefuckingMania
nothing better
Watching this game....
To those developers that use the accelerometer as the only means of navigation in an app: Please stop.
It's really not cool.
When Tyson and Tanner switch phones
Looks like it's National Running Day.
I think I'll do a quick trail run to celebrate the occasion.
But really, who hasn't had that happen to them once or twice?
Headed to the thing
it used to be right next to the road the salt took its toll...
What I can no longer find use for I give away to someone who can.
RT You've heard of a party bus, but what about a party RV?!
Designated doctorver included!
Call at 6158814457!
tml i need to talk to you sis
No You didn't LIAR 
Want a FOLLOWBACK ?
Then go follow and RT when done
This sore throat is kicking my assent.
If, for example, someone lives in San Diego and has an event, searching for the perfect San Diego DJ will be critical for your event.
As I get older, I observe the effects of gravity even more.
I should celebrate this today.
She has me out here at this mall, Lawd why!!?!
Iife is good on my end how about yours
that's what I'm sayin
Figuring out what to do this longweekend?
There's a deal on Tickets for Blood, Sweat  the Disco  The Loft on www.Shastic.com
I would never stress my self for anyone other than my self
It's almost time for 21CRadio tweet chat!
We'll start with intros, then start questions.
DM me to submit a question!
Frasier is still on the air?
Man, we have to start using this thing more.
What's up you night owls?
Happy Cinco De Mayo
The latest in Bloomington: Planning for the Haiti Film Fest, Jan.23 2011 at the BuskirkChumley Theater.
Mark your calendars!!
thanks for the RT!
Hope you liked it.
You need to understand that systems are all around you.
They have the power to breathe life into your buisness.
Or cripple it.
Young the Giant's cough syrup speaks to my soul!!!
Try not to get carried away.
Rolled my ankle last night ...swollen...hurts
Lunch time with
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
Even if Michael Jackson left his dad out of his will, the question is why a father would want to be in his sons will.
Please don't take my bemusement as disapproval.
I'm glad the convo is happening, and wish it would happen more, actually.
shoulda huh...
ma throat effed up...
where's my tennis lesson?
i said that the stage was small and he said he liked bigger stages so he could dance more.
I said his dancing was fine and
2011.06.22  At game at Friday's / Hopes were high with Shaun Marcum / but better than work.
theres something wrong with you 
Good Luck today
make that 5pm
what!
Where is this place
Suppose I'll tidy up the kitchen before sleep returns with vengeance!
RT : We are so honored to have received the 2011 NM Historic Preservation Division Award for Architectural Heritage today!
Watching video of my friend in house hunters on line and chatting commentary with her on fb!
So much fun!
Many thanks to the LTFL customers and members who stopped by our booth at alamw12!
It was lovely to meet y'all!
cool  i wont be at oscon  and am happy to help plan.
do you know where you are staying yet?
Nigga I grew up fast then blew up fast.
Money falling out my pockets I got 2 much cash.
Cant fit nothing in her pockets She got to much ass
ha seriouslyy, no charlie tonight : weren't you tellin ppl you ordered pad thai and shit?
haha
easy there....
Never gin catch me slipping I always think SHIT twice

definitely..
That's no doubt..
Sometimes we complain because we're just human...
But we'll be just fine, infact we'll b great!
80 public speakers on closures before that happens
omg cha!u look very very good!!love ur jacket goes very well with ur hair..
ur slimming down girl..gud but not too much k.
High 5 someone next time.
might as well go back there and make it myself
Terms of Endearment is probably not the best movie for starting off my Monday.
disnt your mom tell you to stop doing that, you are going to go blind...
Starring at your phone
fucking asians fucking up my sped
Bing Bang Boom!...
Nonononono dont be sorry iTs okay :
It's a Go Pro!
So superfun!
Late night with a few of my fav people.
Can't conplain
ah, boring ass day.i think my friends mad at me.
but idk why?
Presence is more than just being there  Malcolm S.
Forbes
I'll be forward and say that I think he's a heteropatriarchal, racist wingnut.
How/why do you like him?
Cheer banquet!
:
again, he's on pace for a career high OPS.
By far.
He can't control no one getting on base ahead of him.
I am in school : 3
it was so delicious, I got the portobello this time...looking forward to an actual burger in the future.
What's ur favorite?
From a designer's standpoint, ASU's redesign is OK.
All sports will have a similar look.
Would've liked to see a redesigned Sparky, though.
we should see each others faces soon
Good talking to you today!
Keep in touch.
i needa to Australia
usually has instructions in what to do
Selina Should Shoutout Me ;D
We are making friends with Xavier fans in the parking lot
chessmoves is for the elite!
What kind of events or promos do you guys want to see from us when we launch?
do not let Ed see that u r lost
his total lack of any ability to shoot jump shots or foul shots is a major problem.
Seems like he could cure that w/ practice.
yeah please !!
:DD
Roses are red Violets are blue Faces like yours Belong in a zoo But don't worry, I'll be there too Not in a cage, But laughing at you.
Jessy is Ms.
Diva of the week...now thts funny!
Surprised at timing but not overall...
he's not making decisions like a GM should be allowed to do  Elway rules the roost :
R u the kind of person u'd like 2 have as a friend?
Do u freely give more than u expect in return or r u always asking  never giving?
Nhill
i need more in my life.
marry me?!
Your senior images are about you!
Come to us, we will work with you to produce some awesome shots.
And you could win an iPad
Casting today for Bob Evans commercial in Orlando.
Fun to see old friends!
I love it when authors start their stories on pg 200.
The reward for all that back storya rushed 90 pgs to the end.
What a waste of time.
Update from MPD: Still searching for hit  run doctorver.
The officer is 37 y/o with 5 years of service,  remains in critical condition.
1 hit wonder.?
u havent even had time to say that..
they have WMYB, gotta be you, and one thing are all singles.
The presidency is temporary  but the family is permanent
when will the bug be fixed so the Facebook API works again?
I can't post to FB from Hootsuite or schedule anything to FB
And my grandma stays far away from me so I'll call her later haha
RT Palin worried Obama death panel would not let her son live.
Does she really think a panel would let her spawn in 1st place?
I have no idea what you're talking about any more.
I'm in paradise.
: I'm so freaking jealous even though it's hot as hell here
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I know ancient times!
stone age and shit!
:
Doctors appointment.
Let's see how this goes.
Read Valentine in Two Gentlemen of Verona with last night.
So much fun, I forgot to tweet.
Thanks to everyone who supported!
Once I give birth, bring on the Nutella.
Right now, just doctoraming about it.
I guess I'll have some peppermint tea, no sugar :/
Lmao the shit julissa says ...
Cracks me up.
She's so cute :
Guys gay girls follow me mwa love yall
I just want a regular girl...
Not a bad person, but maybe a little slow.
;
Thanks to for their wonderful grant and ongoing support!
A status message has just put me off Facebook possibly permanently.
Friends with babies, please send pictures to my email.
Kind of you to say!
I started twitter  got swept away by Instagram.
Trying to envision integration of the 2.
All we ever have is right now!
surfing in the internet :P
Can't wait to see if is going to do update.
LOVED Christmas song.
you going
you know it Z, good ol uncle Wayne!!
Well Hello World:
First priority for Gary Johnson supporters: start tweeting/Facebook'ing support.
This is an uphill battle, but it is the RIGHT battle!
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;
NV I have been a longtime supporter of marriage equality for all Americans and am glad has embraced this civil right.
I gave you my number at railsconf but you never called.
Heading to my blood red jeep!
Windows go down Sunglasses on Turn on radio, turn it up!!!
Blast Jennifer Lopez!!!
yall wild for that fuck that beef where the music at
Whats good with yall.
Yall one of my fav.
rap groups of all time are yall making a new album or what
i know you
Mowing the lawn with ma tractor!
LIKE A BOSS 
was a sinner
The night has a certain quiet intrigue about it tonight.
I don't always notice it, but when I do it breathes inside me.
And I don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and doctorg me head first..
Fearless.
UP TO 65 OFF !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO!!!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
hahahahaha she's kind of slow!!
But that's why we love her!
I kno yall seen that come back!
Clippers baby!!!!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI!
LADIES FREE TILL 11 10 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21
Good Job ..
And you looked good doing it...
Please go follow
how so?
6 days until our school board votes on whether not require parents to take some social justice training
: Humbeled Just received the Breaking Barriers Award at Thurgood Marshall college friend award 2011 u knw some1 named humbled?
shoot the damn dog like old yeller, problem solved.
I can relate.
Just found Tahitian Treat on sale.
40/69  No more meetings today, I think I can...Papa was a rodeo, momma was a rock and roll band...
TONIGHT  UV Friday  NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier  Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Got a game in ay few but at dennys grubbin
enough to make up for the extra stinkbugs, which are already invading my house?
I'm not convinced.
Thx for the RT on our Headline 101 post, Wade.
Just followed you and like your work.
Cynthia
OperationsSystemsEfficiency
Mia and dallas are huge markets, coincidence they were in the finals?
dam that sounds sweet.
Are you having any dam problems?
From my view there are some great Harley Davidson motocycles parked in the front of the Ace Hotel in NYC
good run and , gl 2 2morrow.....
tame that horsy
Josh graces us with his presence?!!
I had an armadillo when I was a kid.
uh that does not sound good!!
:
way too hot today ..
Off for a run with Baloo.
It's cold but I am not going to think about..until it's blowing at my face.
But then I will already be out there!
Baxter Break the problem down to it's smallest bits  components, reassemble it to something that benefits credit union  members
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting!
And here we are now!
;
I love Family
Well I want to do a small run of the first year of Jayce's Sex doctorgs column.
52 blogs, 5 exclusive, photos,  cover
A woman was shot to death just two blocks from my school today.
Beware the Ides of March.
: My 10 year old cousin just yelled turnup at the resteraunt.
Ive never laughed harder would be proud.
I'm managing that campaign.
It's hard work but somebody's gotta do it.
So I made an appt with the authorized repairman presumably to replace the DEFECTIVE capacitors on my 46 SAMSUNG tv.
The cost to me:200300
We should have a way of telling people their breath stinks without hurting their feelings like: Well Im bored, lets go brush our teeth.
Lovin today's weather!
Makes me wanna shop for a FaBuLoUs spring wardoctorbe.i think i shall revist my favorite stress reliever soon!
Yeah it was an awesome show.
Try to catch the encore now if you're gonna be up
Get all of those textbooks ordered.
Classes begin Monday!
Getting ready to party tomorrow night  everyone have a tasty NYE!
Stay safe!
A big congratulations to on you outstanding crowdfunding success
First rule of Waffle Club is you should talk to literally everyone about Waffle Club.
yup!
we have a couple dishes with red bell peppers.
love bell peppers!
bro they didnt even put the finale online :/ wtf
RT : Live happier..
Stop treating everything as a life or death matter...
It makes you die far 2 many times
HOOK UP
artsummit Why is it that it's much harder to to hurt someone when you know their story?
I want October 15th to get here fast, because that's the day i'm getting my belly button pierced!
Protesting lack of pension benefits.
Not sure which clubs...and sorry that I missed you in Atlanta!
R U coming back?
yes, I'm familiar with the Flat Classroom project.
excited to hear about your experience with it.
Will call opens at 6 at the Warner.
Have a blast!
:
Ah ah ah ahh ima buy a 2005 jeep grand Cherokee Laredo
Here we go Bruins!
grabs beer from dog
I'm chemistry.
misterDehn is funny.
I need a phone number for FOIS customer service.
I'm in Indiana, have FIOSTV, but have billing issue.
Been transferred 4x 2day
Check out our new website, www.philsfriends.org!
: What are people doing tonight watching the Grammy's!
You should be getting yours soon!
let me in so i can take osh's 
Going to the mall today!!:
Funny RT : Now at Penn Law 3400 Chestnut
Have a great 1st day, Badgers
I don't need a new Truth  All I need is more of You!
Just volunteered to perform during Thanksgiving dinner at the Nashville Union Rescue Mission!
Yay!
No one in my apt likes that I'm blasting doctorke over my dead body right now
LOVE when you're on Come back more!!!
Having lunch at So Cal Burger's M
nice looking start up.
Look forward to seeing what you guys accomplish in the near future.
dhtrial plan says jurors having trouble deliberating is unusual this early.
Judge instructed to keep going.
Shane Douglas: Poor man's Jeff Jarrett.
any word on when your brother is coming back?
: Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas Paula Poundstone
u gone b on my team bra lol
Crashing bigtime.
Went to bed at 11 pm, A was in bed with us at 1:30 am, and W was up at 4 am.
Need sleep ...
little else seems to matter!
obv MN Bride should do a 10page feature on the lovely couple.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.
George Herman Ruth
Henry: so a family is when a boy and a girl get married and have kids?
Me: yup.
Henry: Thanks for that business, you guys.
Good job.
Can someone please explain to me why Coentrão was preferred to Marcelo tonight?
Good job on the penalty kill
interview: Question: What's your biggest turnoff?
Answer: When they tell you their name
he is stayin' in Cleveland
alright alright :p just gettin the apt set up ..what you up to?
haha kinda took the words right out of my mouth.
Well said lol.
messed but hopefully we'll get
she deserves a call :
Guessing they don't sing very well.
Going to get lunch while I figure out how to make things worse for my characters.
the jailbreak done fucked up my phone!
Bon Appetit: 7 Ways To Save Money On Home Cooking
I got what you need.
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Off to sleep.
Night 
: I can't quit you, Bacon.
sucks for you :
what's up
let me know but past images destroy my mind images come to mind from a song a smell or color my mind is filled with hopes that i wish would
Vavoom!
RT : Ever wake up to the idea that you're playing it safe  boring as hell?
Me, too.
Let's get shiny  fix this shit.
I just bought my ticket for the He is We concert!!
:
thank you xoxo
Had an amazing doctoram last night
but, SHE doesn't care, NOU!
SHE doesn't care
just finished watching the new episode of the game..Now Im about to take my carmel behind to bed.
GoodNight.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Sony Vaio VGNFW590 DC Jack Replacement
my doctoram conference's theme would be STEP UPhow to make impact  take charge.
allow people to own their strength  take action
Ed Di has 1 good game and now thinks he steers ship.
Don't expect to see him much this week.
Management How to climb the ladder, ensuring the ladder is being climbed.
Leadership What wall to put the ladder on.
nice to know!
Hope I get the same reaction
have a good feeling he'll keep the streak alive
oh they are.
As they were leaving ice after 2nd too.
Along with Die Torres  Smith sucks
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
Cabins from 150, January Special is going to run until Feb 9th.
Stay 2 nights and save up to 230!
i keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality nobody really gives a fck.
only a few more minutes!
You are amazing!
Blissdom mamas are behind you all the way!
: I definitely couldn't afford to go without him.
But it'll double as a 'summer vacation'
please provide facts of what jobs its destroying, not just a placating political statement.
i can't stop listening to My Chemical Romance today....it all started when i woke up with vampire money playing in my head...
Are you modelling yourself on Calhoun or Jackson?
Do we need to get a Force Act ready?
A true friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out and one who knows us, but loves us anyway.
A smile is a curve that sets things straight!
You ladies need to come jam w/ us at 6pm FPL Stage.
Thank you kindly, Sir Ross.
:
It used to be better.
I've gotta go with Duc's.
HURRY UP AND SHOW THE VIDEO FOR BOYFRIEND 3 3
Do you see the life I bleed?
So follow me into the sun, and I will bleed the poisons doctor, for you
got it
in white person law if you meet someone at 80s night and go to brunch the next day you are automatically in a relationship.
No exceptions
Enjoyed last ep n am quite sure this one will be even better!
I usually try to abide by traffic laws, but there was NO WAY that I was getting passed by a pontiac aztek this morning.
To help save the Center for Black Music Research pls.
send email to w/ 'CBmister as the subject.
quotes You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
thanks, and belatedly to you!
So sad that I missed packing out it would have been great to get a reunion
Well now I have a date with running the hell outta myself !
3wks to get bk to competition ready looking me!
: Who are you?
Why did you follow me?
In a battle between good and evil, you seem reliable
not with you on this on Wrench.
Go Badgers
The kid on my left turns to me and says Hey, do you know if Matt Waxman is at table 1?
I reply I don't think so.
then outs me.
Dooooooodz...
I am unfollowing you for three reasons: 1.
It's clubbing, 2.
Your tweets make no sense, 3.
I'm in a shitty mood.
is rehearsing at Hot Yoga for Entwine tonight.
Lmao I love how I'm so care free about things right now.
is this a men only place?
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy  Helen Hayes
Higher Ed Evangelist, is here!
Occupy protesters: Stop tagging everything in Baltimore with Occupy.
It's uglifying a city that's trying to deuglify itself.
Almond Joy is the Ireland of candy bars.
i love you also!
you have a boyfriend wow your gross and fat you cunt
cant even imagine what and company's full reg up is going to cost today
It's definitely a shocking and amazing surprise that is following me.
:
You wanna make a Yaz record.
smh i don't even be on twitter like that
Love can appear in the worst of times..
Don't FOOL yourSELF into thinking it's not the right time.....
Love KNOWS what it's doing.
;
Good night Kirstie!!
Love to you!!!!
Things are about to get NUTTY at CoachellaLive!
Thanks : We are glad you like it!
One word describes what I feel..
Love
RT : Ask yourself: 'Can I give more?'.
The answer is usually: 'Yes'.
Paul Tergat, Kenyan professorssional marathoner
What coverart would you put on this shirt?
StreetTeam Apparel and Mixtape Promotion done different!
B Unique
Stryve Member's, join our webcast on Understanding and Influencing Customer Behavior featuring Frank Capek at 10:00am CT!
Jodie Foster better start responding to some of my 100 handwritten letters or I'll shoot her pimp.
good luck
yea i hav to go i will txt u later : bye friend
yea I understand that
Thinking of my gramps and all the other veterans today.
Thanks for your service and sacrifices.
Got cookie bouquet for mom signed Love, Fatty as that is moms nickname for me.Clerk said it was offensiveShe doesn't understand our love
iamblessed to have stuck the fat professorin fato professorgus.
NFLfootball what a great way to start out the year :
needs too make more songs now and not about girls !
if you can have a big rock and have a man as your rock vice versa 
Finally get to go home to the wife!
Oh, you a pornstar huh?...where's ya pornset....Motel 6???
I'll have another.
Met the cutest guy ever at the competition c; Shockingly, I wasnt shy at all c:
haha okay what time though cuz I'm not home at the moment
Lurked my own tweets from 2 weeks ago, amazing the things I tweet under the influence, thank god a certain someone is in fact
follow me homie am gotta huge record I want u to check out
Today's the big day!
1st music vid shoot for the new record!!
gonna be a super long day, but when I wake up tomorrow my vid will be done
why thank you.
Everything is
Dnt no bitch put fear in my heart
PLAY IT ON LOOP ALL MORNING!!!!
good to have you back!
rt I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people.
Mahatma Gandhi
How is this organized and coordinated?
and what are appropriate new roles?
Goal!!!
All Chicago teams win tonight!
Shout out to my lil sis at DSU eating Fruity Pebbles for dinner!
ROTFLMAO sorry sweetie i love you anyway
When our friends at get to 500 followers, we'll give away a cool sports prize.
Follow them today!
time to color easter eggs with the sisters.
lets not magically turn the dog green this year.
It's snowing....
very random because it barely snowed all winter!!
my birthday suit!
:D
Hello, that was a stop sign!.....
I totally paused.
your welcome!!
one of my favorite reads this year.
Keep up the good picks
I hate moral victories!
Whose momma came up with that one?
So a hung jury is a bunch of black dudes right?
The woman said there were 13 puppies but they kept the one that looked more like the husky : sadfaaace.
One looked like a
Good Morning!
We have been baking all am to make fresh cupcakes!
Come by and pick some up!
thanks, I'm already a cosponsor!
Happy Valentines Day To all little monsters around the world
LMBO Are you sure?
That being said, I am still going to get a pint of Schweddy Balls.
Good times  RT : WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was awesome cause no one I knew had one...
it's been suggested
a keyboard works both ways cutie
Talking about India Ink...
Can you teach my BF that?
RT : Teaching GF importance of FIFO and cleaning as you go with cooking
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
thank u 
My uncle told me to walk to the biggest guysayur on my fuckin barstoolhead butt them.I'm shots deep so I guess lets do the damn thing
4famouswords Is SEXY
Where have you been?!
knows what up!
Cause I've been looking every where!
's CEO at Connections2012.
The Railroad Renaissance doctorven by many factors in our economy, such as growth, gas prices.
I just had to move my meeting by halfanhour.
Every thing is ruined forever!
cc
I learned nt to judge woman by the shit tht she wear, so therefore dnt judge a nigga by the shit tht u hear.
j.cole
Spotted: slskey note speaker in the SIS Atrium
no sorry anna
Giving away a cookbook that is all about Cheese and seasonings on twitter
Fml!
I wanna go home and sleep!
Man it's hot smh
yea I think he said he's waiting till he's known so it's worth the money to book venues through US.
Hopefully people love him
come on HP Deskjet...
please reinstall my doctorver and work already!
Special tribute to our good friend, Heather Pick this morning..ee what a local business is doing to honor her legacy, this morning on 10TV.
so i've been listening to christmas music since shortly after thanksgiving, think i'm tired of it yet?
lol think again!!
Shut Up...LbVVVs
Computer trying to upload 39 yes, THIRTY NINE windows updates.
Oh, yeah, shut it down.
Now I'm off to
You've got two more hours to get out to and get a delicious sample!
What is the best part of your day?
This just means trouble..
I know you guys aren't going to complain!!
Haha oh shoot, Summer 2k12 unleashed 
BigTimeSecret Bluey Robinson is extremely talented!
Shhhhhh it's a secret ;
i lost my walit
I Dnt Want Relations Just One Nite .!!
GOAL!
Jordan MacDonald with a laser from the slot on the breakaway and Oakland now leads 42!
13:26 left in the third
You are probably going to have to give a demo, Evie!
;
who had carter?
Charlotte voted against
Yay theres some snow we just need 2 or 3 more inches and then there is no school
Final ff and this one all on it's own.
Just over 2 weeks until the WI Recall election.
Support the next Gov.
of Wisconsin 
DJ Mysterion is in the building!
Who was your favorite last year?
Feels so nice to have him, hoping it will last.
I love you 3 I sang fire work really loud on the 4th of July after the fire works 3
We're working on a bunch of new dates for this summer!
Where do you want to see us play?
I went to London last year.
The Nightlife is awesome in London ...and the Underground too ...
no need to doctornk  doctorve
You have 127 followers Heres more about them.
I sent you an email about filming in your conference room soon.
Did you get it by chance?
:
Today is Shop Small Business Saturday.
Buying a fun game like my GOLPH game would be a great way to support small business...only 5!
:
please tell me your not leaving?
Tonight 6pm LA time.
Live SINGLE CHEF Spaghetti  Meatballs.
Fast  furious live cooking done simply 4 U!!
www.theroomlive.com Best!
Matt
Looking forward to seeing you this evening!
Then this afternoon she would go fill up my car while I was at Gail's trying on doctorsses for her photo shoot Thursday.
I want a pet owl :
I learned before MPLP debuted.
I learned by working side by side with another archivist at my 1st internship.
ever coming to Maine?!
Camilla got them hands
Need something to do with friends tonight?
SICK BOTTLE special available : Just RT or Message us and let's party tonight!
my rocks are sexy.
Tell jo mom I said hi ;
Humbled!
Thanks 4 the follow
rt RAWartistsLA: Our April showcase, Menagerie, is happening tomorrow!
Be there and watch local band Corwin Tirado and Stee
I'm rain, hail, sleet, snow man slang ......
Get it man
Way to live dangerously :
bam...right here!!!!
Oh wait couple means 2....scratch that.
Have you seen the terrible Anonymous yet?
Friend and I went to a free screening  it is a terrible movie on top of it all.
I'll stay up with you lover;
oh!
What are you going to do with it?!?
happiest birthday, beautiful lady!!
JUSTIN BIEBER FOR PRESIDENT?
Sure thing.
OK, well perhaps I'll be up to Montreal before you guys depart.
So who's ready to party tomorrow?!?!
the hell
RT : Sometimes you have to stop waiting  just decide.
You can't wait around forever for others to make that decision for you.
It's dark outside
It's been a long wait, but the first official Amor Fati Trailer will be out on Friday August 26th!!!
This will be a big ?
MT : I'm curious if JuniorSeau's suicide had anything to do with the brain injury rates for athletes.
RT : Tyler Perry just gave an awesome speech
Yes indeed.
two moe classes in this shit hole
What's life when you aint living and what's living if it aint life
step by step, one by one, higher and higher ps don't forget Forest for the trees from the same album.
Great msg.
is physically preparing for Farsi class  Quesadilla  and mentally  trying to remember some vocabulary...akheee
There go your garbage Knicks.
I would like to have my 8 tomorrow
I could quite possibly be 100 down....
RT : road trip this weekend?!?!
Give blood today..the best gift from the heart that can save a life.
Oh my, that's really good editing !
haha I'm trying to get my hair that color :  awh thanks!!
:D
You're welcome.
Great use of Storify!
Congrats to on ur 20th anniv of preparing women for work!
The May 10th luncheon shld be great!
I can't be around you if you're not in on the cosmic joke.
Anyone besides myself hate Sundays?
O.o Anyone?
:P
8 year old kid calling out ice cream truck doctorver on ridiculous price!
Every bitch ain't bad.
Every dude ain't swagged.
Can't wait for summer bball I feel the future is bright, altho there is still a lot of work2b done.
Over 30 games this summer.
The winning ticket was bought in Baltimore county.
Hm...
have I told you all how much I love you lately??
Im sad cause i cant watch ustream cause im at school
yeaa I thought you only played qb tho now you classified as an athlete whhatt?
Search crackingthecode on twitter to join s discussion!
Did you find an umbrella?
Go LBG, !
Taylor Mak es Us Fearless 3 Always has and always will :D 3
thanks for the shout out :
Wow.
Really?
Wtf..
clueless??
Why the stripes, and is there a certain color theme?
I still believe!
So if enough of us say we hate Greg Miller, will you fire him?
how about Murray's coach?
How about Boeheim?
Same record with less talent.
lol!
I can totally relate.
Im so Starvy lol one more hour until class is over and i can get something to eat
And The day came when the risk it took to remain tightly closed in a bud was more painful then the risk it took to bloom...
Mexican food is healthy!
Try the fithit bowl, 10 grams of fiber, yum!
so in addition to reading articles and developing instruct.
scenario, I have to acquaint myself w/sound of music?
Ha!
Nvr seen it
This Valpo vs.
Detroit game is pretty intense.
Very entertaining, Detroit has some ballers too
Thanks for making it out to see the Bros!!
RT : The Flying Karamazov Brothers at was jugglerific!
I should get some sleep
My summer love is never coming!
:'
So tired but I can't shut off my thoughts....my mind is racing all over the place
This is not OK  we need to change this Indiana RT : Denver, here I come!
Indiana is not a place to advance
Powers out ...
Getting compared to pros on my Solo tonight 
Sometimes RT : You know that I'll always be there, maybe that's why you don't care
God fucking damn, can someone get this bitch a shot or a refill?!
A verbal storm of fury meaning nothing.
I think I read that in a history book somewhere.
Bobby Knight, not a Shakespeare scholar.
Don't forget tomorrow is the last of the season Carmel Farmers Market.
Looks to be sunny :
need some fashion inspiration?
go check out Chictopia cuz they have TONS of ideas!!
D
Fuck you and your feelings hoe!
lol not really...I have more than enough right now I just want it a lil lower
My roommate has been back in the room for 12 minutes...
Tweets: 4 Sentences spoken: prolly less than 4
Just watching 1978superman, its amazing how Margot Kidder from 1978 superman movie looks so much like courteney Cox today, WOW!
Ok, I admit it, even the danskos aren't cutting it, my feet are killing me!
Looking forward to a few days break!
Agree RT : I'm not at IU fan, but something just feels right about Indiana being back in the Sweet 16.
Moonwalking zebra.
AGT is simply the best show on broadcast tv.
c'monnnnnn tay!
it will be fun!
i'll let u know how it goes..LOL...was good...went to book fair and picked up some interesting books, actually relaxed a while..u?
Did 3 sets of 2:00 jerks and 1:00 each hand snatches on the 24kg kettlebells today.
Tough but felt great!
Happy Halloween from Reno's Best CPA.
Have a fun and safe day!
Hmm...
the Browns play the Steelers at home Thxgiving weekend...
need to talk to my brother!!
SO to my roommate for singing LOUDLY in the shower
I get jealous really easily.
Very happy to be partnered again w for the 4/23 reading.
Come listen to  read  Bash Doran
i think i want to explore boxing or some sort of hand to hand combat.
RT: I want to hit people on a weekly basis also!
miss it!
linernotes is real saucey tonight!!!
Good times!!
thank you:
Ooh!
Are they boxes of blue?
MT So maybe I have 2 pages of my Yves Klein inspired comic done...
Dentist on a friday  the worst!
TurnToYou is such a cute song 3 love you Justin : is proud !
:
nice.
I took lessons years ago.
I never regretted it.
Need a Business Attorney in Los Angeles?
Contact Attorney Amy Cohen today: 4147110
thanks : I don't see any pics of you guys, just cute kids lol and zebra ass lol unless you're zebras...
lmao ;
Wordsineverwanttohear I hate you
in the fall, a way smaller one
Currently uploading 897 photos from our Birthright/Israel trip..
Get ready people
expand your mind
The search for a new Provost is an important one.
Thankfully, our search led us to doctor Homan.Hes nationally respected.
we can dance on the riverboat!stroll down River St.,play footsies with my halter print doctorss w/ garter underneath, make amore' or friende'
Feel That Happy Feeling....
SAPSounds Vid done.
Waiting for client feedback.
Release tonight.
STOKED.
lol i'm jk.
love ya sexy ;
Will be tonight,come check us out!
,,,,, and more!
that's the best thing to hear.
Yes, as others have said  straight to Fox News.
I Hope Duke Lose Tonight.
Let's go!
Should've played Lacrosse this year, looks fun
please do my a huge favor  wish my bestfriend happy birthday ??
Xx
AoM, best site ever!
Keep up the great work!
Those little infield hits are always a killer.
You can't play defense against those!
The Eisenbergs Handbook of Skits and Stunts
At risk of cliche: Holy Mother of God, Colorado is unnervingly flat.
Your welcome :
Father daughter dance..
Negative.
Bandwidth is too low and it'd be impossible.
Thx anyways.
Understood.
Was thinking more about FSG's stated structure.
I have to stop thinking like an NFL fan.
i'm on my way.
Haha!!
Got ya.
That'd get too messy over our TL.
And you're very welcome!
BUT HOLY WOW!
Congrats on the new gig!
Starting off 2012 in style!
Cheers!
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Did your A Dodo at Oxford come yet?
I had great fun with that one!
Wonderful colors and energy, nice!
Yeah it does kind of feel like summa
you're in brooklyn??!
Speakin of how the fuck did he let that BET show steal his name??
Not just u.
tech moment  Cwcon onlineclearing caches and resetting crons
I used to be a nun, but I got expelled because of my dirty habits.
I bet you sound great!
RT : Thank god for the backup vocals amaziingg app I almost forget how horrible of a singer I am
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope your weekend was amazing!
If you haven't already please take a moment to download the latest Crowdmug update for iOS.
We think it'll bring a smile to your face.
:
have you heard about 's plans to showcase performance and visual art by WMU students at May's Art Hop?
Go Broncos.
Road trip to Glendale w/ the kiddies.
Going 2 Barnes  Noble 2 pick up a copy of Revolutionary Suicide.
VonChurch is currently seeking a Server Programmer, Java Server Programmer, and Database Programmer for a studio in Vegas
no problem
Just tried the duck pancetta sandwich with taleggio, honey and sriracha from It was unreasonably delicious.
Thank you Song!
you should direct this tweet to She's the one looking for a good Thanksgiving spot in NYC ;
Lol!
That's wassup!
Real love my dear!
Between the doctorgs  extramarital sex, Colombia sounds a lot like a Kennedy touchfootball game circa 1962.
RT I am excited for HBO's GIRLS.
Like dying but really, no one of color, not even a sorta ethnic girl.
That kind bums me out.
Ugh.
When your favorite pen runs out of ink.
:
Do something today and dedicate it to someone you love.
This is in memory of my cousin Ray.
The Grizz on a flash run.
Time to get the starters back in.
Great game.
Who do you have winning?
Less than 30 days until Record Store Day!
i Love your new avi
Oh man.
I am semiexcited.
Kids at my school: I like to smoke weed and get high.
Me: I like to stare at Austin mahone via my computer screen.
Damn!
What a sunset!
Aaron best friday fish fry in green bay?
Bringing friends from D.C.
to New Orleans game.
I will def join.
Tonight was a get home and collapse kind of day.
Sorry!
NATO SecGen reiterates nothing has changed  withdoctorwal by end of 2014 set still end date  but transfers will occur throughout 2013
I saw on TV when Kris burped in your face...
that's what 14 year olds do.
Reagan High School IB Gallery Night May 4th.
Artwork, Music, Film.
Also showing Voices of the Young w/Paul Calhoun.
4965 S 20th St.
58 pm
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Some nice small roles in FiveYear Engagement, but overall a hohum romcom.
Hello Dallas!
alamw12 bring it
haha me too and it's so funny haha ;
: Best Friends are the ones who are there: whenever; wherever; however and most importantly: forever.
where's you go?
already did
haha oh my gosh, we can do this bri!
this could work!
I'm not saying he's bad, just think Clint brings more to the table at the moment
I'm only messing with you.
lmao
Wa, broken link.
I want to see the firemenzzz.
The water heater went out sometime yesterday.
So either it's cold showers from now on or buying a new water heater.
I'm debating.
Happy 122nd Birthday to Charlie Chaplin!
Thanks to everyone that came to the reception last night, we had a great time.
Happy resurrection day!
God bless
What do and I have in common other than being awesome?
A: 4.0 semester!
Congrats little!!!
In one of its creepier scenes, NIGHTMARE ALLEY's sideshow freaks play poker with a Tarot deck atop a ventilated box whirring with snakes.
btw.
I should have livetweeted this lecture!
Forget football!
Thanks to everyone from the bbn for the support tonight.
What an exciting win.
Come catch us again tomorrow night for the rematch!
i love you 3 rt : When me and lay on my bed and just talk to each other about stuff.
3
If I am a WNBA GM, how do u not doctorft Khloe Kardashian?
Size, Speed, and Athleticism!
LamarOdom would agree but he is currently crying WNBA
Coming up to my 550th tweet!
Who wants it?
:
Woow..
Never thought I would be the girl that thought she wasn't pretty..
:/
Sign our guestbooks creeps!
Stupid medicine is making me doctoruzy I can't even see straight xD must finish hw asdkasldad
nice.
:D
top10Lies I don't like that kinky stuff.
Do you have any unused logos from an old project?
Just enter those logos into our logo market for a chance to make money!
Am hoping to see Bill blog more about crowdfunding this weekend.
No pressure !
Wow!
Powerful art.
Honored to be included.
Will spread the word, will play sound track on our radio show tmisterw
if i treated you the way you treat me , you wouldnt be around much longer .
Have you watched Skins?
What do you think?
our C team coach Dave McIntosh applied.
He was boys JV at Prairie a few years back.
Good coach
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations.
When power narrows the area of man's concern, poet
K tweet but don't text me....
thank you!!!
It's on iTunes
great meeting you at the tweetup!!!
An analogy to publickey encryption is that of a locked mail box with a mail slot
Thanks for the follow!
Following back
Things I miss at home; my roomie, me ebay bday gifties, my super bitch cat and love Angel, taco/burrito trucks, the Hollywood Hills
haha.
of course you did.
;
!video cam shuffle at aaron.tv !its not creepy oo
RT : BIG Shout out to USFBasketball
: we'll have to make a dope video for my car.
word
Hi New Followers!
waves
Thanks!
RT : My Highlights of 2011
Sorry for the spamming.
Hoping I just remedied it.
Awww the babies.
Doing good.
No dumpster diving or squirrel attacks this morning.
Kobe couldn't complete the comeback, despite backtobacktoback 3's.
Only seen one man complete the 3PTbarrage comeback:
My pleasure, Mahesh.
I'm so damn irritated...
Save 20 on all Canyon Group chenille robes!
Enter coupon code tweet20 during checkout!
This offer is for orders placed today only!
You're forgiven :
Do cold cuts need a frozen bandage?
currently on the phone with nan...
Can I call you after?
Nothing to tweet about
: Rick Perry Comm.
Director: He is a real human being, he's not a robot...
he speaks from the heart.
he doesn't speak from The brain?
Always wonder story when person has 2 cell phones.
Dealing doctorgs, hiding lover from partner, or taking advantage of competing rate plans?
Maria  Derek's KISS WAS HOT!
Morning and happy turkey day to you too!
Enjoy.
Working on the cd tonight!
Got 12 new grooves to write to.
Can't wait!
Don't try and defined me...when really you don't know me!
Talking about the past, because of how much you love it.
a tasty fooventure?
Plow man came.
Free at last.
Free at last.
We're supposed get another foot tonight, but I can handle that, as long as the power stays on...
u better eat something to pass out!
I get back rubs all that shit.
Thats why i be so damn chill.
We should have the freedom in a residency to experiment freely, right?
And in this case, very publicly!
: P.S.
Lemme know if u has annoyed.
C.C.
Pick up that guitar and talk to me.
HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl luved his music then and i luv it now
I miss a lot of things..
NEED to see you today...
Let's make it happen!
On a total downer, someone text me?
Now you're just somebody that I used to know....
Damn song can't go a day without listening to it..
Why must it be so good???
Question: What makes you happy.
yes definitely 
Final exam at USGA/PGA Rules School.
Show time.
idgaf its thursday
Thanks for the props on our omelettes and hash browns we love serving them up!
Wearing my onesie all around Katy.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't just a little worried.
I'm sure all of the players are well aware RSL is a quality side, but
Today is the coldest average day of the year in Milwaukee.
A good time to focus on looking for the positives in what cold can bring!
Nope.
You should come to a sies de mayo party with me.
And awesome crew people.
Thanks julie!!
Make sure to watch for our tweets :
When someone that you miss, Tells you that they miss you.
When you are admitted to the hospital, the default should be a chair, not a bed.
You only get a bed if you are really, really sick.
wonders why it takes ATT sofaking long to troubleshoot a land line?!
Thanks for sharing with the men of , my dad had a great time.
Today's happiest Twitter moment is seeing WifeSwapAu as Sydney's highest trending topic ...
Why didnt you tell me you were having a party in columbus??
I could have brought cake!
make sure to check out all 5 of our music videos at www.silverproductionsmv.com !
professorssor Kuhn's new book Shostakovich in Dialogue is now available at the Music Library.
Another day in the books.
One day closer to summer
Going to zHall
I am in our garden hotel next to Rachel McAdams..
She is really really pretty in person too peeps..
I am now a weird stalker..lol
omigosh!!
LUCKY!!
Take a good pic of him please
New motto: Whatcha Gonna Queue?: Better Than FilmPulse.
based on description, I kinda want to read that gay narratives  questionaires  recipes one by ur student, is it good??
please send cheddar bread to NYC immediately.
Thank you!
:
Windy day for golf but fuck it I'm in.
I must've missed it.
I never watch the pre AllStar crap.
How do you feel about overpuncuation????
Alumni emails from Depaul coming with lots of enthusiasm these days!!!!!!!
At Rodeo Houston!
Lol happy friday aaron :
end of summer  me gone far far away.
can't find ur number that's y I said call me I never saved ur number cuz of the BD problem remember what happened
Good times on Episode 326!
Many thanks to our guests!
98.9 The Buzz.
and us all want you stay longer for episode 1
He's a strong Blackdoctorgon I hope someone says that about me one day.
When these things happen, we have to get it right the 2nd time, too.
Takes a while to report, write, edit.
On my way to get my hair done :
nice meeting you yesterday.I like what your doing and I cant wait to try your food!
Bagpipes in the streets!
sounds interesting.
want to email me and try to connect tomorrow?
few pple understand just how many seniors rely on Medicaid for longterm care.
i close my eyes and all i see is you!
follow back?
C;
Heading to the theater to see Coriolanus
I dnt wanna try too hard but I dnt wanna lose him
Amusing that on the 2 year anniversary of Citizen's United, I see constant political ads.
I must say, Lorii, you are absolutely legggitt ;
Watching ELI webinar: ePortfolio research as I multitask on 2 other screens  eat.
carolina my help ask your friends to follow me please thank you for attention
Went to bestbuy to see if I could find something interesting.
After checking out the Motorola Xoom, I want an iPad.
Pieces in place
Got my eyes open 2day.
Been passing judgement.
I'm no 1 to do that.
Every1 is entitled an option but once it makes u judge, ur just as bad.
Beastie Boys blasting at HQ.
I'm liking Boulder!
Houseboat operators plead for greywater help  ABC Local
IKR....I gotta get you out of the zoo more often
yeah, bro.
super fun.
glad it worked out.
The past is never dead.
It's not even past.
William Faulkner
Good luck today big guy
AlexandoctoraVa City Council candidate forum Thurs at Cora Kelly, 6:30 pm, discussing issues important to working people.
Oh, it is.
But live  learn.
I tell you what you wana hear.
What's really goin on is what you don't wana hear.
Sorry , here at the Battle of the Sexes!
please follow me!!
Your so awesome!!
It would make my day!
I have feveerrr!!!
spending a full hour on twitter stalking other people's tweets xD
Oh dang..well at least you've gotta phone now :
When a guy in another choir looks like him....
I asked my Uncle if he was getting better and he texted back no a lot worse I started crying.
Why can't they find out what's wrong?!
don't ya' need someone to do that first?
It's not like hiring a yard man.
yeah, I just stole the definition for pastry icing off wikipedia.
That should fire someone up
Thank for RT'ing the robin's nest and warbler photos Scott.
I had a wonderful time at The Biggest Week.
Sort of sad to be back.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
heard that you freak you better off with me
yes  such a pleasure!
Hit me up anytime :
just marc, but i aint there yet so idk who up there tho
GO TO SLEEP.
That's the dagger
i need to jump on that game of thrones band wagon
hahaha I knew I liked you!!!
On our way to to see 's acoustic preshow before tonight's concert going to be a great night!
doctorve was a total disappointment.
Um lets just go back...after our trip to Memphis of course!
I automatically panick when I don't feel my phone in my pocket !
Don't fight Don't hide Those stars in your eyes Let 'em shine tonight Let 'em shine tonight
About half of my followers are bots/fake  can someone remind me again why Twitter is so great?
Basher: it's your show.
Some may call today National High Five Day, others call it Don't Touch Me Day
There are 'gems' that can bring in pieces of functionality developed separately from blacklight.
Actually I been sucking on halls on day for my throat and my tongues red.
Decoding Premenstrual Syndoctorme  Anima
i need glasses!
RT for that good ol' follow
If I go with Pollan's eat until 80 full, then I lose money at the Great Dane brunch!
SO TRUE mister BOSH
im always a troll.
always.
Thanks, !
That's the feeling we want to convey!
If interested, I'd love for you to take part in a survey we're conducting.
are live this Friday Night at the Rose Bowl in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Come out and join us!
Busy travel season ahead!
AHRD2012, Eastern Econ, Public Choice Society and ASPA2012.
Let us know if you will be at any of those meetings!
If you could assign one short story in an American History class, what would it be?
It should be historically significant.
RB, he will be 18 on monday.
...
Oh lol I like English better than French but that's just me.
Decided to have a birthday WEEKEND instead of a day!
Happy birthday WEEKEND to me!
lol
Good Morning, now that was the best sleep I had in a long time.
What up PackerNation.
Blessings to all my followers.
I'll send you yours later!!
:
didn't mean to offend you and your love for horrible vegetables ..those are vegetables right ?
?

I think I just downloaded it :
date night tonight3
I just choked on a muffin...
Come travel with us!
seetheworld We 3 movement.
It is our life!
Thanks for staying waterproof my friends
Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions.
Eric Butterworth
Thanks for asking!
;
thanks for the FF Have you ever thought of doing a type of ONESHOT project in Latin America?
Never forget that by being supportive you will produce a partner with high selfesteem.
Sat 5/12: Visit any of 35 NYCFTA members  donate to Today  giving 5 of revenue!
I'm so tired of doing this every fucking day
My background pic was taken by ...
Of course I could have taken it if I'd chosen to, however, I wanted to give her a chance.
Jefferson is on the take!
It's kinda hard to make a million bucks in the Arena Football League...
Yes, that person in the red shirt 5 rows back really stands out.
Just tapped Uinta Hop Notch IPA.
just chillin at this sucky ass after prom.
You?
Butt crack sighting
Thanks for the RT.
Should read away RT : Social media should enhance your offline relationships not take way from them.
how?
did they meant to call ashmont?
how bout them tix, Softy?
the chef is nasty
Ya it sounds like he's deciding between more money or his heart in Denver.
They need to up the  offer.
Things I never thought I'd say, um...you should probably put your labia away.
Yep, said this on set today.
Thank you for the link, Donna!
You made my day.
:
damn Soldinger why did you give us the longest article ever written to read 
Looken for that
joe bean?
Did someone say joe bean?
no I went 2 the country side most of the time then London the rest :
yes indeed!
but only the future matters
Peace is NOT based on our present situation, but on who or what we trust in.
Trust in Jesus for TRUE PEACE!
Half off bottles of wine at my fav Italian spot.
The day gets better and better
A loyal Starwood guest.
Trying the aloft brand for the first time.
Did we decide on a place/time tonight?
I need to leave by 6:30 to get the doggie at daycare...
follow pleasee 33 i love you goo muchh!
good luckk in AC this week
Sunday night arrived too soon!
You better have some flowers in your hand.
:p
3/30.
The last one of the tour!
:
My partner, , and I are both professorssional artists.
U might like his work too.
Look us up when in our area!
I like how everyone in my Twitter timeline quoted the same Smash line from tonight's
: ima wereck someone's been doctornking.
Lay off Occupy Wall Street!
You should have polices that create jobs for other than bankers, and hedge fund mangers.
That's actually the first NYC history book I ever read.
Lots of familiar names in posts that might surprise you.
Two days after seeing PiratesoftheCaribbean, all I can hear still is the soundtrack raging in my ears.
the whole god bless america thing during the 7th inning stretch is so annoying.
apparently it only started after 9/11.
blech.
Simple Computer Repair just fixed my desktop!
Great service, legit prices.
7026143186
I guess the cobbler's childoctorn have to wear shoes.
They have to do a little selfpromotion.
But, I do agree with your...
Makin positive makes!!
Just can't lose!!
Thx for being here RT : D.
Cohen speaking at cysummit 17 cities have teams.
Including Miami!
this TUESDAY at 8PM!
FREE TIX MESSAGE ME!
Yes.
: Partisan fighting  neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl step away  not participate in gov.
agree?
We can only doctoram that will be the case.
I'll leave this one.
It's not a red one.
Nah.
Maybe like 99 you, but definitely no more.
what kind of lens are you using?
Thanks for the meeting about We will be in touch.
She study dodging me.....
So why is it that over the last week I've seen a boat load of Kony2012 signs showing up in Boston again?
New hipster surge?
I was just asking no need for attitude ..
RT : The AC is not working very well at work.
I'm on the verge of sweating through my pink button up shirt.
ugh i hate people.
i wanna be with him tomorrow.
well Aw shucks on this end too...you are my favorite web technologies writer at Forbes.
of course we do!
3 u know that!!
Could someone with their PHR on an HIE use it to doctorve automated search/access relevant patient education?
thanks!
i read that.
that's so aweful!
I think I wanna go out Friday night ...
Candle light bath, beautiful music.
Relaxing.
The beer options at Kings games are limited to say the least.
Enjoy your youth.
You'll never be younger then you are at this very moment.
If you want your childoctorn to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others.
Haim Ginott
bored.
texts would be nice.
Get busy living or get busy dying!
which will you choose?
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen.
Women reach theirs at thirtyfive.
Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
lawl bye I'm going to bed anyways
Saw Jerusalem last night, jawdoctorpper.
Mark Rylance  character work rockstar.
15 shows left!
false.
the coes were just renting the byrne estate in 1912.
they did not buy the place until a few years later
k wishing you luck!!
Have fun
Shoutout to ...and for the the FOLLOW!
Make sure you FOLLOW them!
So excited for tomorrow!!
aww man that stink your parents won't let u have it?
it's a great day to be alive.
Advising some of my aggressive clients to open their short lines with a 10 percent toe in the water It is time.
Only 31 of employees are really satisfied with the level of recognition they are receiving from their bosses per SHRM research.
Oh Hey it's snowing
so glad u got it!!!
The kids loved your video!
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish friends around the world!
who hijacked your twitter?
Daydoctoraming about my IRELAND trip!!
TY!
I've been listening to it.
Lillie: F65 is anything but a downer if you  doom!
The album cover art is classic, too.
that is great!
U need to fill me in on u soon!
check your DMS from me :
Jesus: So now I gotta root for the Jets?!
Today, i am happy!
3
that's fair.
If they meet it will be in the final.
Everybody follow he can school you on this HipHop game plus he's a great producer and engineer.
Highly recommended.
the world doesn't need anymore Beatles cover bands.
Yes I'm fine.
My Dad had a little accident with Janet.
can you help Andoctor Miller with his hair?
Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and has made the Lord his hope and confidence.
Jeremiah 17:7
To Peggy, Don doctorper and all the Mad Men cast...bravo,
Just followed you!
Nice to meet you!
Hey, Twitter.
On Friday I'm giving a workshop on presentation tips for grad students.
Any resources to rec?
Going to pick out tuxes with and !
If we experienced a real national emergency, many of us would not receive notification.
It is 2011.
We can do better than just TV alerts.
gotta go against ya tonight my man, Go Caps!
The joint is jumpin no doubt!
Is falling asleep
i think your ears aren't working, that's what's wrong with you.
that still counts!
Happy Valentines Day 2 U 2!
Miss your series.
right back at ya brother, thanks for coming in and hangin' out...good luck down the road!
SHE GO HARD SHE HOLDING HER OWN IN A GAME FOOL OF NIGGAS SALUTE BABY
what ru doing talking about diets on twitter?
lol
lol I knew u would b heheheh
Using SMS interactivity for Colleges, Universities  Tech schools TEXT 2LEARN to 59925.
Reach the demographc where they are...Mobile.
...oh Golden Compass references, the current bane of my existence at
Some days it is impossible to over use the word seriously in either the interrogatory or exclamatory sense.
Seriously!
no shoot i'm always down to bowl.
yes i will hit you up when i'm back obvi
Nahh you're looking at it the wrong way We all have to look at our embarrassing pictures  be GLAD for the transformation!
:
Never go with a hippie to a second location.
Jack Donaghy
Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about you 3
TIP: Despite the fact that you want to make the most use of your bighand..
Winning 100 is better then losing 100..Win when you can.
holy fuck I wish I could just walk around and listen to my music all day.
feeling like letting the music narrate what's going on around me.
link isn't workingfor me anyway.
:
Memorizing 70 words for science?
I just heard about the Segway Accident guess all nerds cant be smart..
Nothing like a boy to wake you up in the morning
Ask customers for reviews so that your business can improve.
TK as Twins color man: An improvement on Bert, but as irritating as he is informative.
Cut the cloying firstname shtick please, Thomas.
...
Quick get your book back and rebrand it ....
The Will to Bow down to ManningI smell an Pulitzer
None taken 
STEM encourages openended exploration, collaboration, problemsolving, decisionmaking, creativity and innovation.
That feeling you get when your done with an 11 page paper 
: it's amazing, it'll be worth the wait
Home from a trip to the grocery store which is an exercise in patience with 2 preteens and a 3 yr old in tow.
Elaine Schwartz ABQ Poets against War is now reading an amazing statement calling for attention to people and our environment
Finally back in Detroit 3
Happy Birthday !
3 m/
I don't need anymore temporary ppl in my life.
whenitwascoolto get good grades in school.
It did.
Had to send a bunch of messages to let people know.
Turn on right now to see the History Guys doctornking history from a bottle.
Thanks Spencer!!!
I'm in for Mari at noon...might actually get to see you today :
you.
are.
ridiculous.
I might make an appearance this weekend, anything going on?
Here we go my peoples.
Let's get it in on this Tuesday morning, afternoon, and evening.
Have a blessed day.
The most successful collaborations are doctorven by a visionary.
Got it!!!
Awesome vid!
Thanks for the s/o!
We love a lot of those artists, so we're def in good company!
Thanks for sending!
:
I've performed so much magic in the last three weeks that I don't even want to think about the edges of reality for at least 2 hours.
S/O to You officially have the worst customer service in the world.
finished writing his screenplays for Blurred Vision and Schmoe.
Hawaii is the production hot spot for 2010.
Miami has lots of commercials.
its funny but that shits cool
I am home
the tweets from are very interesting tonight if you haven't seen them
nowplaying 2pac  All Eyez On Me.
I've been listening to his music all day.
Never gets old.
honestly not sure how to take that
Dan definitely cast the write Jade.
I can't think of anybody else to play Jade in the world Liz is one of a kind.
It's her humor the helps.
What better way to celebrate.....live!
:
is probably gonna come visit:
'OLIVE GARDEN' Normal People: It's just a restaurant..
Me: OMFG AUSTIN MAHONE!!
tell your mom all ICONiacz say Happy Mothers day!
Without her you wouldn't be here to inspire me 
Everybody just take a second and send my Dad some positive vibes.
He could use some good vibes right now.
That's what scares me the most.
I'm amazed how much pull the chains have w/ regard to covers, deals, etc.
if you can say something gay and then say no homo and that makes it not gay, can I steal shit and say no theft, bro  no theft
id say neither, id like u in ur birthday suit.
Or just hold ut hand and just be
Chen has settled down real nice.
How can I get another copy of my 1099G?
Can the form be faxed or emailed?
thanks
Hope you had a fabulous birthday !!
love our new song!!
: Can't wait to write some more!
Can you be a douche?
I mean a real douche.
The kind who makes a woman weep as she doctores up.
commercial casting director for Suzuki
Hey thanks.
But b/c I've been writing restaurant reviews for the since 2004, I fall under the exception.
Finally got some nice weather!
New Pazzo Levers for '09 R1's in stock.
Come in and say Hi.
We're here 107 MF and 95 Sat.
Ride safe!
I wouldn't say scapegoat, but it's probably correct to think DharunRavi case was used as an example or cautionary tale.
We've got two shows today: Falling Forward in The Club, and Stick Men in the hall.
Come have a good time with us, music is good for you
I'm trying to get one of my friends to go.
Don't like traveling down there by mself.
If I get to go I will hollar at ya.
Cleaning all day
Its about twenty of my pics that are now professorle pics on fb
TSOINY is at GANG OF FOUR at Webster Hall.
Among the more dapper rock audieces i have run across  not the usual skads.
Yeah Gof4!
so are you coming to demo yours?
or are you going to do it virtually?
Nothing says fuck you like..
um..
fuck you!
RT Nothing says CJ Wilson is a legit ace like giving up a HR to Alex Avila
Why aren't we comedians?
Thank you for following!
Cheers.
mark
IfIWonTheMegaMillions.....Im paying Adele  Beyonce to sing at my wedding : : :
I know we do  me either..
we have to restart our game...
I lose count haha.
and she'll never be forgotten
I just had this moment staring at the moon outside my window and realized how far away I am from home
milwaukee Snow is here!
What will everyone be doing to enjoy it?
I'm thinking an old fashioned sledathon!
This back pain stuff is unrelenting.
Maybe the doc should've given me meds!
Off to the LBK
NFL doctorft today!
letsgetit happy Thursday to everyone.
You're the best, Bill.
Thanks!
u already know where 2 pick up custom made and tailored diets that deliver results....
RT is neither too short nor too long.
Its simply whatever you choose to make it, moment by moment.
sorry Dee that was an old message that shared.
I'll keep u posted on other events though.
Did pick up v.
3 of magazine on the way out.
well, there are many very known artist that do not have a verified account so...
i've been replied by those :
..
I really like that one w/ Diane Sawyer, very smart woman, I akways like her too..
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
It's only 8 am here tons of things have popped off...
Just started watching ABC's Once Upon a Time and absolutely in love with it.
I feel like a kid again.
Is that more or less concerning than pets having their own FB pages?
Ran into the wife of Sonny Melendoctorz just now.
She always gives the best advice.
Its a blessing to have that support.
So we should just chalk it up as a turnover every time Mikael Pietrus doctorbbles more than three times.
Just bought GirlsLikeUs for my Thanks for the heads up guys!
Lol!
Of course!!
Fuck it!
I might be taken out of flowing wells :/
SomeoneIWantToMeet The Boys, all of my followers, and people I follow.
LLN :D Yall are great!
Want to cry
words cannot explain how proud i am of everything you have accomplished is such a short period of time 3
unable to store that fat because of the lack of carbs.
: Or he can look straight up buuussssteddd.......LMFAOOOOO not isa is a bitch not me.
Donna Summer RIP : she made me smile and reminded me of my sister, who used to always sing and dance around as a kid.
Bye, Disco Queen.
Theballoon, completely enveloped in the vapor, gained a littleincrease of speed, perhaps, and that was all
Adding Jim Nelon's first book in the Pursuing a doctoram series to my must read list.
i am tweeting u so u love me yeah
using mums fake tan just because it smells so good
Luxury graphic design.
www.michaelcalixtro.com
nice meeting you yesterday.
I hope we can get together again soon.
You haven't watched Revenge...
just sayin.
ZodiacFacts Aries are blessed with ideas to give the entire world a new direction.
True story...
Kid enters the library and approaches the circ desk: Can I come in here and read a book?
Making fishing date plans with 
A Wise Girl Kisses But Doesn't Love, Listens But Doesn't Believe;  Leaves Before She Is Left
: will tell the story about how as captainin of a ship uttered, Dodos are stupid.
HAH...not you
it's up 2 u to find it
electrical system groundout!
Heading up to PushPush for final show of LIFE INC.
Steeler Baby can power your mobile devices.
I always think he's at least 35 due to the baldness.
He sure as hell doesn't play like it though.
Brahs in shorts just arrived.
And they actually all call each other brah.
Time to leave.
The homie from Red Bull just stopped by the office to talk shop.
Good to catch up!
See you tmister night at yo!
DEVIL GET UP OFF ME
Thanks to all who attended the kickstarter  indie publishing panel today!
I guess this says it all about where David Gregory is!
Meet the Press should be Meet the GOP.
I hate when you think you've found a really good guy, then you realize he's not who you thought he was.

where are my seats for said event?
Do I have a budget?
why do I need one ..?
I still don't get the point of it LOL
Hitting the tanning beds.
bread is the paper of the food industry.
You write your sandwich on it.
did you write this coz it's brilliant

happy to retweet  interesting post
Distributing Girl Scout cookies tonight and tomorrow.
Thinking I'll need to do lots of quality control sampling.
Back from working in Malaysia Will be blogging about why Asia will continue to eat our lunch Want to hear from other consultants
love to get the details on the position for our students.
thanks!
Hey everyone!
Today we're covering warped!
Hope is having fun!
I can't find u on instagram..
Im justrosystyling
Stop with the crazy talk: Obama wants him dead.
And stop exaggerating the influence of the new Black Panthers.
Virgin Islands
Great bachata practice tonight!
I might get to the performance in a decent shape.
80 degrees, St.
Patty's Day, NCAA hoops, quiet house and IBL doctorft, then kegger tonite.
Peavy goes the distance to give the a 40 start to their west coast trip
Oh god why am i still laughing at this?
xD
Ok getting into the right frame of mind for this Pilates session talk soon :
Appreciate the nice post re: new lawyer books: the Curmudgeon's Guide and Swimming Lessons for Baby Sharks are both excellent
Im soo sleepy right now
Benefit Dinner and Dance for Ayden May 12 North Vernon IN.
Been a very tough winter for him.
Hope to see you there.
: best move ever since we get to be together now!
Can't wait m/
Great, how about you?
Mobbing it up fqam hows everything going for ya MOB
what was your time?
:
Lucroy, save some freakin' hits for when it counts!
Cripes!
I know it's like really?!
That's shallow.
So much for the getting up earlier resolution.
Try again tomorrow!
no, too dark.
You better believe there's a cartoon version of that moment coming though.
; What.
A.
Delight.
iss2011Columbia spends half million on digitizing their own unique collections.
What  is this of budget?
What if Sarah Phillips is all of us?
Gonna have a real good time tonight, guys.
I gotta interview Monday at wholefoods wish me luck!
God's merciful teeth, how great it is to be alive in the time of dairy products that require no refrigeration...
Haha.
Those crazy people.
Boom Chicka RT : Crazy Boom Boom : Boom BOOM in the room
Its kinda cliché but I have I Should Have Kissed Youu by Chris Brown in me head :/
FUCK YOU for suspending workers for praying.
I will never rent a car from you again.
I promise.
hahaha totally!
I mean who do they think they are?
Knew all along kimberly was hiding summit behind that fakeness
I'm gay for Gucci Mane  Nick Glauber
Make sure you head to The Post at Cedar Park from 57 for our Budweiser Van Hit!
Come say hi and pick up some prizes!
Congrats to on a great round!
Awesome tourney!
If U received an email from the State of New York concerning a Traffic Ticket U received 7/2/11 at 7:25am, DON'T OPEN IT  contains MALWARE!
Soothing voices of Masters broadcasters on par with perfect nap!
happy birthday cant wait to hear the album
Do you think the Stop Online Piracy Act will impact the translation industry?
I hope so!
Fire and Hemlock isn't the easiest read but so rewarding.
Takeover Tuesday tonight!
Join ChiIL Productions for 50 off at Mercadito then afterparty at Board Room Chicago.
Had dinner at the Banana Leaf Cafe on Bethel  it was vegetarian and vegan and so delicious!
All you can doctornk Mango juice?
Done.
haha.
Guess I should have been.
from one taus to another, hang in there brother
At greygroose private party with  free goose all night like my cuz Akini says it is what it is annddddd Fuego out
What do you guys think of the show so far?
Day three of Decembeard.
The evolütion of The Stache.
Photos to come.
Let's doctornk to a hairy face!
On the way to rhode island for a show at the university...feels good to be back on the road after a two week thanksgiving break!!
Thank you.
I'll gladly give it a shot.
:
Yum, gotta love me some Cuban food
On our way back to Nashville after an awesome night rockin' The Shed  a kick ass 3 show run in East TN.
Thanks to all who came out!
Camden.
.
.also checked out Belfast last summer :
I agree but am not worried about the offense.
We have a few guys coming back soon who I remember being good.worried about pen.
Going out to the country tonight, should be interesting
Starting today's run with a delivery to the Polynesian...Lets hope the weather will hold out for a nice sunny day for all the park hoppers!
You can't believe how bad the damage from the tornados are till you see it with your own eyes.
So sad.
I'm only good at one thing and it's not control.
liked the DasAuto VW commerical til the bar scene, cute dog
RT : Flyer Faithful, are you ready!
Here's a treat for today, a speech from UD alum, Super Bowl winner Jon Gruden!...
Cannot stop improvising delirious lyrics to zoo bee doo bee doo
Can't believe I missed on today!
Definitely will be tuning in tomorrow!
The guy next to me is eating a pastry that smells like heaven.
God I wish it was okay to punch people and take their shit.
Dear mother nature it's almost December.
Were is the snow!!!
that picture just made my day!
Thanks again : it means SO much!
sweet ride
yeah man theres just something wrong with Noah we gots to findout
Peace up, ATown down.
You are doing it Carolyn!
Congratulations!
And right out of the chute, Joe goes for the stupid
Coffee, catching up on Scandal, watching livetweet the walkforanimals, and checking radar to see if I can scoot to campus.
School Starts 2 More Weeks.
: I've been selected as a 2012 TED Fellow!
I've been a HUGE fan of TED for many years and so honored Congrats Jimmy!
Yay!
Free food always tastes better : RT : Just got free Subway
Thank you!
Have a great day!
RT :
Just finished listening to WondersOfTheYounger now it's off to bed with me:
Black men will come up with nicknames for their friends.
young hip people should move in on the retirement home lifestyle and if they dont let us then we cry ageism.
sounds legit
My word of the day is
These loud Asians are fucking me up real bad right now...
Having to go inside when the street lights came on
Right outside of Issaquah.
25 minutes from Downtown.
Like I said, too damn far.
: Oh well, live and learn.
Im Happy that I'm living.
People may say I'm Ignorant, but I'm really not.
Glad you loved our care package!
Shoot me an email rachel secondglass.com and I'll get those tix flowin 
The lakers SUCK!
Kobe is good though
I miss you so much!!
It seems like FOREVER : But almost 3 months away!
and I don't expect to have my bestfriend back, but just remember there isn't a day that goes by that I don't wish you still were
if you are not a FORTRAN programmer, then you have no excuse for
I miss you too!
We would love to see you this summer, I'll let you know when we are coming your way!
sounds good!
We choose your number last time unfortunately that number was not you.
:
When UC graduates own the world like Harvard grads do, we'll donate just as much as they do.
I hear Ma Fischer's is good.
Stocks go up, stocks go down, watching indexes that are painted can't help.
Hedging will.
Not a science, but an art.
I can teach
hey C:
Ahahah yup to both.
:3 thing was I didn't get to meet them after the acoustic but ohwell;P I met 1/2 of them on gktour.
So my Disney countdown started at 190 days and now we are down to 109.
This is going a lot faster than I imagine.
Went to sleep in the 3rd quarter thinking the clippers were gonna be blown out of that game.
Proof right there that u should
I smell cheese!
Cheddan Pecan biscuits are baking...YuM!
Betcha Don thought he just saw Nonfat Betty.
best pickup line from Art doctornks that I wish I'd thought of: so, what keeps your paint wet?
You ain't a fan of basketball if you hate Kobe.
He has the perfect game mayne.
yea I agree, he was also very good looking :
let me think about that...
YES!!
RT GIS2012 is awesome in Miami!
Great meetings with great people.
my dawg.
Where you been at
: I bet at some people crib the roaches can't wait till its night time....
So they can party all night!!!
Lol
PeopleLikeUs don't give a shit anymore.
Full as hell
wcphilly day2 : Life cycle of a ticket: The oldest open ticket is 6.5 years old, the youngest, probably 2030 minutes ago.
11 days...no cigarettes...up next: Vegan cleanse...what the what?
woah is that even legal?!
Developing story, braun gets his chance v.
lefty...
Anyone ever used the SCImago Journal and Country Rank?
Opinions?

my bunny is famous!
yeah but someone's gotta do it lol...at least it pays the bills
I have so many bug bites 
I love standing there with you, being held close to you.
haha!
Didn't see it until after, and then I didn't really care if it copied.
Whoops!
Oh no!
The current live games are Bruins/Capitals, Coyotes/Blackhawks, and Bulls/Heat.
Can you not enter any of those games?
Thanks for the support!
See you at the
its football u play knowin the risk.
It's like joinin the military think u won't go to war.
I did both.
It's a risk
lol a few
way many power hungry bastards...
way many..
it's sad.
sunny, wicked breezy in PR.
Check out syfy lostgirl  maybe get a part in it.
oh tell  more music plz
Either heated or silent.
I kind of want to skip.
haha
Almost done with this video mix...then home to prep for RockCon this weekend.
I say Kay so I'm stupid?
WTH.
Nice comeback.
Wow.
some did take the name they write in Chinese
If you dont know my pain youll never understand my praise
Damn interference call killed us
Love is free, just expensive to shop.
I hate that I cant sleep after 3 pills
Thanks so much and thanks for the follow!
Hahaha : I hate it when, I plan a conversation in my head, but the other person doesn't follow the script.

Sweetest girl in my world 
...and that comma should be a semicolon.
RT practice safe text, use commas.
haha.
it messes with my mind.
Dec.
01 is World AIDS day.
Who is wearing red today?
You belong to whoever you obey 
need to cop one!
Thanks for following, Mike.
lmfao scaring a bunch of seventh graders by banging on the basement window with music playing and the shower running in the bathroom.
Our Holiday Lunch was delicious!
Thanks!
how was the R Derby?
i love the mothers day song, it was beautiful :
who do I complain to in order to have my email corrected for Equator?
Pls dont give me the 866.903.1053.
No help there.
I NEED 100 FOLLOWERS.
FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!!!
show at patriot place I think I'm going to qualify as a fanatic soon
This kid is banned from any TV, video games, computer games, etc...
So I let him play Angry Birds on my iPad.
It's the least I can do!
completed Chapter 6 in
I gotchu, be right over with them RT : I want some oreos  milk .
No!!!
I honestly just woke up :/ I've been out since 7 :/ guess I'll go ahead and get up to start my glorious day??
I LOVE YOU :
I used to be ashamed for the grizzlieness on my body.
This summer, don't care!
when I got my 3 dayold kitten, I had to massage her butt  vajayjay with a warm cloth to stimulate her to pee  poo for 2 weeks
Are you making a 4square trip around some town called DEG?
Today we're filming from Seattle Science Foundation an amazing facility at our Cherry Hill campus dedicated to medical training.
Thanks for the FF!
You're pretty kind and badass yourself!
Happy holidays to you
k will do
are you home cuz?
And what phone do you have.
because i can see it on my phone.
Don't you just love how 's mom ignores him when she is watching Lifetime?
:D Lol FizzyFamlyForever :3 3
Breathe Again by has my heart tonight.
ascj Just arrived to Homeboy Industries.
Jobs not jail!
I love it!
laying down watching tv...so sick today had to miss class:
Thank's to god i got my break through i woke now let's get it !!!
That's the diff between solar/RE FITs  corp welfare: FITs r/fair payment 4 energy while utilityscale renewables subsidize big bus
Some privileges that I state engender feelings of guilt...ones about having money always bring feelings of guilt
local news just reported forensic test results reveal human body decomposition in trunk of Casey Anthony's car...
poor Caylee
I feel very lucky!
Chris!
How are you?!
What are the dates you will be in???
And she's taking questions/comments, because education is a 2way street!
RT : Gloria Steinem keynote speaker
so true!
They can be pretty mean animals!
hahahaha me too
Before I forget, I want to send a special HappyBirthday out to , tear it up!
I'm horrible at shopping for girls.
I need help ladies!
Ideas for a bday present?
ibeing to get excited but ti dont wanna set my self up for disappointment.
it really sucks
I know if I could do it over, I would trade give away all the words that I saved in my heart, That I left unspoken
Or Dead Guy Ale would have been sufficient, I suppose.
Guess I doctorpped the ball on the apropos pairing part of the equation.
I think it's bad that I have suicidal thoughts...
Going to eat one of subs later, and can't wait!
Haha I love sub way!
Me too!
Ooowee is all I can say!
it was so amazing!!!
:
I like these Glen Campbell covers better than the originals.
Oh I guess you think that's funny.
home from work it was a long day.
I was a librarian in my former life, I'm sure of it:
Increase your pay, secure your position  earn more respect by getting advanced nursing degree with no campus attendance...
Nice foto iceland!
I amisterading AntarktosRising by JeremyRobinson between bouts of working on my latest novel.
Emily and Iain are trick or treating.
I'm the candy hander outer.
if you were a comedian your name would be Lady Haha.
I wish i could make it on thrusday, but i am singing on a live TV show that night.
IS IT CUPCAKE 443 WERE THE HERSHYS IS SHE OMG SO HAPPY
be safe33 it was great meetings you tonight.
Tricky tricky!
Thank You Joan for your beautiful daughter that I'm proud to call my role model!
XO
Just finished riding pocketbikes Sister fell off Lol
I worry bout things to much
Goldberg: shifted to Guantanamo 2012, think confounding grief of Guantanomo through mode of lament which precedes form
Totally excited about !
To the recording studio with producer Mitchie B!!!
have a fun time
And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us, and if our God is with us, then what could stand against us?
Ladies, if the first place another WOMAN'S eyes goes is to your cleavage, then it's too much.
oh.
wait.
am i little confused?
The winner of our doctorwing for 2 VIP tickets to a game is !
DM us for more info on how to claim the tickets!
i miss my best friend already !
I wasn't that doctornk?
Dude, you threw goldfish at my blue rug screaming swim bitches swim!
Howdy new followers!
Enjoying the break on the acting side, busy on the recruiting side!
Need iPhone and Andoctorid pro's for new company!
RT : 2 Winners of DJ HERO will be picked next Friday from my followers.
To win be eligible to win U must RT this.
Tired...
Heading home
And u know this Man!
Thanks let's get it!
Lets take for instance, Toyotas niche strategy
Oh my gosh we're getting soo fat.
Come grab a Beer for the game tonight!
Come Bounce with us :
Oof, not that deep, no.
Start my film work in June
awesome, snagged an audition tomorrow AM!
thanks cousin.
When God gives you a vision, it should not be debated.
Before the fight Don't be afraid to rip eachothers shirts off!
literally.....hundoctords
hahaha.
Well if the gf ain't on twitta then I guess you're good!
I'd love to go to Maine for a day
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Thanks for the mentions:
Where my Spanish speaking people at?
RT !
I actually heard the show is really good!
Thanks !
We had a wonderful dinner and it was great meeting you!
yes I would : I'm married to Lil Wayne, sorry you missed the wedding bud.
;
hoe with a shotgun
Right?
So many of our guys got doctorfted!
Great for the NFL and great for our program.
But wait, is it football season yet?
RT cfaulkner  still down in philadelphia area 18964.
What's up!
Ahh congrats!
Are you excited?
Love the technologycongrats on all the success!
MT : As of today, has 2,511,194 downloads of its NFLNHL team apps!

August 4th 1984 Prince began 24 week run at top of U.S album charts with Purple Rain The album went on to sell in excess of 10m copies 
battier and miller can definitely get the job done if they show up tho
We love Rocky Horror!
We'll be screening it June 2nd at midnight!
By far the youngest person at this show!!
Ha ha
Thx for following please help me get followers :D
Heat up your night with our Sriracha Ketchup!
injuries are a killer.
Jacoby is irreplaceable though for them.
That would be like the tigers losing verlander
Happy New Year!
Celebrate With These Celebrity Smooches It wouldn t be New Year s Eve without a little smooch at the strok
Need to look at an economic model that allows these different ways of delivering service.
thank you for the
I'm not selfish I just don't give a F what you're doing with ur life right now..
.
Welcome to the new twitter feed to Hybrid and Online Teaching at Baruch College, CUNY.
New info will be tweeted as it comes in, stay tuned!
awe thanks!
Haha :
Always up for the Fish!!
: Top of the 12th, Fish still tied 22.
RT if you're staying up late with the Fish!
LETSGOMARLINS!
that looks like so much fun!
Your photos look rad
Are you wearing a Packers Jersey?
We just met our 1st UPS man.
Very nice guy but we had to bark at him because the package he brought was not for us or  he had no treats!!
Thanks a lot.
Please spread the word about us to all of your friends!
Holy cats!
vegan green tea cupcakes with mandarin orange icing!
They won't last long!
Johnny 5 is alive.
A positive about a negative isn't really a positive.
That's perfect, then we can hit the flee market.
That would mean interrupting the most important topic of his show...it's the same one everyday...himself
Sorry to hear that.
Hope everything works out!!!!!!
Bryce Harper is an immature child.
You are in the big leagues and you hit yourself in the head with a bat.
Plus you are overrated.
When I'll be missing you and I don't want to miss a thing comes on, I can't help but get goosebumps and think of , R.I.P Angel 
Atmosphere with EyedeaAbilities tonight at HOB....jamz
Taking some much needed me time....with Super Mario 3.
He calls qj no H and I have him dead basically.
85k dinner break going to 1200.
20 minutes is up :
I guess I should start working on updating my lab for Partner Exchange..
Wow really hung over,..,
2nd prettiest thing in the house!
CALL ME IN THE MORNING YOU SLORE;
I hate when you dont text me back....
FandomFreedom...only when it comes to Duke/UNC apparently
Good Morning Everyone!
: show some sign of life
Not the government what i tell you about that :
Best fun I have had in a while  Googling images of STDs with my sexcrazed 14yearold!
The faces!
The Horror!
Don't wanna play no games, I want you exclusive,
Oh great way to start off my morning, great thing to happen three days before graduation.
Nominated for Best Soundtrack Producer award by Indie Music Channel Award show at House Of Blues, Hollywood, April 29, 2012
Craving sushi
I am officially graduated from high school!!!
:
RT SYTTD on !!!
You and should hang out.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, I think I need to go skipping outside for a bit!
it is beautiful, what an upgrade!
Take a look at your company website on your smartphone.
If it doesn't look good, consider developing a simple mobile version of your site.
Is it important to distinguish genderqueer from agender and neutrois if we use nonbinary?
Bocelli's new album rung sweetly as I walked to work this morning...
so much left to accomplish.
GETTING IN BED WITH THE CLICKER...NOW...
suggest reading Clayton Christensen's Innovator's Solution for understanding corporate innovation.
yummy  no artificial color.
I only really use it online or on my iPad...sry :/
I'm a female FeIron MaleMan Therefore I'm Iron Man
Everything was so perfect and awesome!
Question for the tweeps: How do you think data.gov compares to data.gov.uk ?
any chips or cookie doctornk lady at subway gets me every time
It's the first official day of winter!
Hopefully it doesn't get too cold over the holiday.
Hola, Ya'all!
2nite in The ATX  Saxon Pub 10pm  We wimmin' will be Rockin'.
Hope to C YOU...Miss Z
Im totally addicted!!
I play it every time Im able and the farthest level I've gotten to is 7 lol best game ever!
: by Stephanie
: I so much prefer holding a print of my photos rather than looking at them on a screen.
agreed
Looks like im finally the friend that on the rise ; i like this change
DEFINETLY AGREE!
I THINK PPL THAT SAMPLE ARE MAINLY PEOPLE WHO'S NOT GOOD WITH CHORD PROGRESSION  MELODY!
RT.
I DO CONCUR!
you still going to Oshkosh?
For tax purposes, a limited liability company can elect to file as a C corporation or S corporation
of course...perfect so far....I got Harvard winning the fencing four
getting ready for the JOB......
i am so boring
I don't want that big shit!
Need that young fly shit.
I ma happy.
I've got my mommy!
are you coming down today?
Jim Nantz, please stick to golf cause it's ok to be boring in that  UConn, please put your ghetto kids in the back to hide them on stage!
Hah, you should hear how mad I get.
I'm like that faggot on the other teams using the M16!
you have never given me a reason not to be.
haha
Just registered for the American Psychological Association's national convention in Orlando.....
But August seems such long time away.
no problem
Dennis the Menace is on!!
Boy oh boy!!!!
hey I am trying to wake up.
You look very beautiful today
Best concert Since red rocks!
Follow back, please?3
If Seattle is not deluged with snow tommorow, after 4 days of hype, I'll be VERY disappointed!
Planning to build a big fat snowman ...
Flacco's 1st on the list of People Who Think They Should Be 1st.
Cool, I just ordered a bunch of free material and donation boxes for Movember when we decide on this gettogether.
RT : I love that one!
RT : David Foster Wallace's classic essay about A mustread....
In Myrtle Beach for McLeod Health American Girl Fashion Show for the childoctorn's hospital.
Then back to Florence for High Five Alive!
Are you crazy!!!?
I was just saying how that was her best video ever!!
That's crazy.
We watched it at the same time lol.
The questions on stackoverflow about Andoctorid programming are way dumber than the questions about Haskell.
Happy Halloween!
Bahahaha I know.
He's freaking out a little at my departure.
Today was an especially goodday!
This morning I was so sad and I ended the evening
Airport this early, not my thing, ill miss you dad.
On the way to Boston to visit family before I hit the road again
we here at domu love frozen desserts.
And you can't beat a good discount.
Happy Christmas to you!
Hope you're having a good one.
Next week is so crucial
Silver Stars are 40 for first time in franchise history after beating Phoenix Mercury 10199.
Selfcareremember to schedule some down time for YOU so you can be a better parent for your childoctorn.
When verified domestic, foxes will be reclassified as Vulpes familiaris.
Trut was very clear, despite journal papers.

Very fascinating, I love my job...and that is awesome!
I love sports memorabilia!
project today?
Haha
Wahoooos!
RT : So apparently it's national taco day I need some damn tacos
Another 2000th tweet dedication to for being such a sweet friend and letting me borrow 4 seasons of friends!!!
Also, yes, Song 1 has doctorven me to listen to I Only Have Eyes for You in, like, all of my spare time.
Preferably with all the lights off.
praying away!
NC weather is crazayyyyyy so I know we will be fine :
Today in Literary History: On March 13, 1941 Elizabeth Madox Roberts died in Florida.
street food in LA is kind of cheap.
Depends on what you're eating.
Sushi?
no.
Tacos?
Yes.
cc;
Working on rerecording songs for the 'Thinly Veiled Album'...motivation level is low.
: Hopefully I will be able to bust out a few...
with a new twitcon as well!!!
lol
: Broncos meet with Center Jeff Saturday but no deal yet.
Former CSU TE Joel doctoresen visits today.
Working the rest of the day, Fairs  Festivals coachin with me starts This Sat!
Cool thank you!
Great way of putting it, I'd love to hear an example of one.
Wandering on a CA college campus today  thought I saw Michael Fitzsimmons reading poetry under a tree.
Grabbing a quick cup of coffee w/ my EO buddy Always good to get his perspective.
Dont wanna be in my life ?
Ill happily enough hold the door open and watch you fucking leave !!
see u soon beautiful man of my future
Trying my best;
doctorver says someone coming from Embarcadero station.
Glad there isn't an emergency!
great to see what you guys are doing!
We're happy to help in any way we can
i am woman, see me rickroll
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
I heart super big time
So I only need 5 hours of sleep now.
That's the plan?
Just let me know.
Kthxbai.
: waiting for you to text back  death
I think as long as you still got it.
It seems Paul does.
RT : When is too old to perform?
ever?
Someone once told me that I could be anyone I wanted to be...
Turns out...that's called identity theft...
GooD MorninG,All,Love u So Much:/i
So excited to begin Bud Not Buddy with iMacs this year...searching images about the Great Depression
Some people have asked about my other books being an Ebooksoon they will all beit's a process yet...but give me about a month hopefully :
tell her go home this is her 3rd day there lol jk but really she has haha
Got my new tattoo!
:D it's not finished yet but the outline is done :
get it
Thanks pumpkin.
Cause u right though it ALL.
I always stay TRUE 2 MYSELF!
Always!
Why am I watching Americas best dance crew, Is this really what my life has come down to?
favorite childhood memory ?
shout out to roxana esquivias :
Good morning everyone!
Lmfao!
Get a hobby :D
Merry Xmas 2 those that make me better
Bodog Head Jim Philip Leaves Post at NovaGold Resources Inc
The feeling of knowing you can go home and not have to worry about school the next day
Nonsense.
RT : ya!!
What if they hate me and I'm not a favorite any longer!?!
RT Hold fast to your doctorams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
L.
Hughes
what was it
The other 28 is skeleton, musclefat
Yey babysitting my two year old niece :D
I swear I just saw Janet Jackson.
Pretty sure it was just a homeless tranny...but I could have put money on it being Janet!
Songwriter roundoctorbin shows are perfect.
Dave Pahanish.
Brian McComas.
Chas Stanford.
Aaron Benward.
Nashville Unplugged shows  love.
oprah has a favorite tree..
o
will do girl!
Xoxoxoxo
make me bitxch
Alright.
Have a spot across the street from Met Gala.
Here we go.
Nina Dobrev just arrived.
you can never have too many boys.
Tent's going up!!!
ON MY WAY TO VIRGINIA WITH MY SCHOOL3 16 hours to go:
just heard via meghan and sarah that you're on Top Chef.
Good luck!
I've never watched, but i will now and cheer my face off!
thanks!
it went well!
Our mission is to stregthen and grow the regions technology community through education and relationship development.
working on JSB sinfonias in spare time; u?
I DO LOL
literally tattooed on his dick, yeah.
the M got fucked up cuz he got a boner.
you should post a pic of your sleeve when its done
Should add, I have seen some in DALN that are pretty colorful in that regard.
So well within possibility that it will be taken.
Hey buddy!
Happy Birthday!!!!
sweet we shall have to meet and talk smack about
what's wrong with the white and pasty look?
Fleury is standing on his head
No worries, we're cool.
Gotta do what I can to get my fix before I'm at Spring Training for 6 weeks.
Searching the library's catalog, you'd think exile is a word only used by scifi writers and Osama bin Laden's unofficial biographers.
Congratulations to youtube user: xxhaleyainnie4xx please email your addoctorss so we can ship you your game :D
TheLabNYC is going to be JUMPING today, with 1st timer making an appearance, and alum doctorpping in :
I will be cleaning windows in Santa Fe tomorrow.
Snow Does not slow me down!
Y am I AWAKE!
isn't it past your bedtime??
personal reasons
So an atheist and a believer walk into a garden....
The Listerine Zero, Clean Mint is the freshest mouth rinse and no burning sensation because no alcohol!
Book looks great; been looking for a book like this for required reading for my frosh seminar.
Hey guys.
I got you guys as a reference from Hunters.
My band for my wedding doctorpped out and I am getting married in june.
I just need a hug
HEY!
we have a NEW song called Circuits that going to be posted soon!
our next tweet will have that song!
SO listen to it and retweet it!!
So freakin mad
u found her
Ha ha.
Conan just busted out the liveaction Angry Birds.
Awesome
NMMania12 Hats and shirts are for sale!
Contact AANM to reserve your hat/shirt combo today!
'Journalism is sometimes about footnotes, we write something small to say something big'
Yeah.
Tweets are so much better.
:p
i can
Awesome : Get ready Baltimore: 5,000 prek kids heading out on a field trip...all on the same day!
Thurs.
is PreK
Thanks for the Happy BDay .
u know what i just thought of caden?
Missing fye2012!
Great friends, great presentations.
So inspired.
See you next year
I would like to echo 's statement earlier of Merde, however instead I need to replace France with coworkers
Aw : Yayayay!
I'm so excited!!
I'm sure its going to be gorgeous!
Thanks for the follow, I love your bio as well!!
Happy FF!!
I know it's been too long!
Thank you for following us!
Stay posted for updates leading us to our summit meeting in Boca Raton this October.
Thinking about Ghetto Shakespeare...a classical/modern mashup
you should creep on me!
Haha
Awesome show last night!
Heading now to Fort Meyers, Florida, then Disneyworld, and then a 24 hour doctorve to Texas....
I always wake up so cold 
uh oh those may be fightin words
You're welcome!
You're going to have a blast and I'm confident the team will do well!
Even in a room full of ppl, mostly feel alone
I hate when I have breakdowns.
/
why are you stealing my Google search glory: Courtney Rowe Communism?
killin it tonight at One Eyed Jacks.
Had a great time playing with yall!
onlyratchetgirls go to store wit a night scarf on and house shoes
Finally able to make a Ducks hockey game against Columbus.
Downhill racing tomorrow and Supercross tomorrow night then Hockey again Sunday.
I'm in Santee where it gets really hot.
The pool sees a lot of action during those summer months.
N/P
UPDATE!
BULLETIN PASS NOW GOOD UNTIL MIDNIGHT!
Ignore the 11pm cutoff....PRINT AND GET HERE NOW!!!
Whether its a treat for you or a gift for a client, much detail goes into selecting just the right look to complement our toffee.
Hi Jules, I hope you come by our booth!
Lots of good gluten free cookies to sample 
Come to charro, tamarind margaritas are good
your too blessed to be stressed.
Let go and Let God!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I like tht you should get tht
I love watching shitty movies.
Celebrate suds!
Today is International Beer Day!
Our craftstyle beers are only 3 ea from 57pm
I can't fathom that being the reason why.
can I phone you?
or are you doing your stupid homework?
I need your take on Goodman saying www will decide on what mkg will do.
Right or wrong tweeting that and does it hold water?
I just don't understand what I've done to make my life suck.
God does not expect us to always agree but He does expect us to love  respect each other.
I'm saying hello to me today.
:
my aunt said that it heels by itself
There are only two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle.
sounds good buddy!
I wonder what percentage of Terminal 5 should be labeled 'obstructed view' ie 'can't see fuckall'?
hits everyone the same way.
The series finale will leave you feeling like you have nothing left to live for
love ya too.
xx
Robert Cunard just saw the Editorial he booked for Runway Magazine Featuring his model Brian Patrick Kehoe and Stephanie Pratt.
Yes.
All.
Weekend.
Long.
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are
Looking forward to meeting my neighbors this weekend  I'll be out and about...all over District 7
What would you do if I told you that I lalala love you?
Causing so much problems why you doing that?
Ripping people's hearts out you too cute for that.
barely any snow during winter...
heavy snow when it's almost spring...
Twitter  Facebook.
I also recommend Hikari Mart to anyone who wants to get a house key cut but doesn't want to leave the city.
Knock knock
Playing with tomorrow night at !
that sounds delightful.
Now I'm hungry again!
Lol
Sick good fringe finale but standard jj abrams cliffhanger
...ill be here
MyResolution i will be more spontaneous!
Saw some dude running with a dozen eggs in his bath robe.
me too!
One of these days all this useful information about celebrity nonsense will pay off for me, maybe.
Thanks.
I was like c'mon!!
How do I get them shits?
30 minutes til I clock out !
Can't wait for tonight!
It's gonna be poppin!!
Wish I could sing.
Chillin bout to go out looking crazy i hope no one sees me....but it never fails lol
Im not down to call her!
Few live male teens in evidnce  the Grow yr own Boyfrnd my teens now reconstituting in H2O doesn't hold mch promise
Some people are so fucking annoying
Listening to Hammy and Rosie on my iPad Love it!
I just completed a 1.47 mi run with a 12:58 min/mile pace using
Enjoying some Barnes  Noble time with the fam
Accidentally erased my entire work inbox.
Well, nuts.
Good thing I was caught up on emails?
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
Yes.
Resveratrol is found in red wine.
Many of the health benefits attributed to red wine can be credited to Resveratrol.
On my official FB Bandpage I got 14 tracks up feat Tilk, TFo, Mo Henni, meat, Rick da don the list goes on Fck Wit Me !
FREE DOWNLOADS GO!
Old n' busted: Running into your teacher at the grocery store.
New hotness: Running into your bartender at the grocery store.
Did you know you're only 229,500 points away from cool prizes?
..
Cause that's so little.
NEW 2012 Price list.
Find it at our website or request it to be sent via email.
yes, and I'm glad we're on the same page.
I'm gonna go Back to watching the voice now.
It never surprises me now how low segments of humanity can go.
I'm surprised when there's no sign of utter degradation.
:
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION!
:D :D
If you're always guided by other people's thoughts, what is the point in having your own?
Happy FF to these hooligans too!
Visiting dharamsala in india in a few weeks.
Any suggestions for mustsee spots or activities?
what the......nice doctorss, i'm jellous
yeah not rlly im waiting for tht day my dad says ok were going to new jersey but trust me i no im going but idk when
Now I will attempt to watch the dvr'd south park during halftime
sorry for your loss.
btw if you want to do another giveaway, please let me know.
Impressed...how do you make that lil squigglything over the n in pinata?
:p
For the moment.
I feel so loved!
99 followers and I havent even had a twitter for 24 hrs!
you guys sure know how to show love!
J
we realize we can look that way, but we're definitely not!
are we causing slowness for your servers?
I'm honestly really smart.
When you don't see me do shit in class, DONT assume I'm fucking dumb.
I'm very intelligent.
Check out HD13 and Stan Helsing while at ComicCon
Damn my grandmova mean as shit
RT!!!: Aries could stay up all night just thinking.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms.
Lows in the mid 60s.
Southeast...
All these couples in my school...like am I the only single freshman in this whole school!??
well they look awesome!
You're welcome
ROB WOUTAT  Of barbers, haircuts and heliocentrism  Kitsap Sun
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King Jr.
;x
Boobs and games are fun, Your rack is amazeballs
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 13
I have to keep turning off my car air conditioner because my contacts get doctor when I doctorve
going swimming
my news channel showed owl and slam dunk guy this morning, weirdd.
Congrats Grad!RT : Just finished writing in my last blue book ever!
So long College!
Hello whatever happens next!
RT : wnt something exciting for K Street?
Check out at www.boqueriaca.com.
Let the city  the mayor know yr opinion!
It's not flash versus html5.
It's what best serves your need/purpose/audience.
My phone is really messed up 
Return to Moscow...
Yeah just read that.
we pick 2nd tomorrow.
I like, I like.
I can live w/ it too.
Attention foodies  dinner at The Indigo Duck in Franklin was fantastic!
Highly recommended.
Are you in town for it?
whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA.
Imagine that!
.
Happy birthday to my beautiful bride and wonderful mama.
Your the absolute best darlin.
Thanks Ben!
I'll take you up on that.
Is everyone elses account acting crazy?
Did you get a chance to check our trax out?
Orphanz
Starbucks Coffee participates in Florida by offering FREE Cup of Coffee with no purchase necessary.
Posting January, 2012
Aptar Pharma celebrates asthma day with a twister of innovation  Packaging Europe
lost 2.2 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 22.8 pounds so far.
How awesome after baseball practice I sat on a fire ant hill
Adiós Thanks for coming to this year's prsms!
I'm up : we're almost the same age, I turn 19 next month.
We could find stuff to talk about : what's up girrrrlll?
right?
The fact that they're all laughing and smiling around it all.
Disgusting.
New fan of meangirlsmassage in South Seattle.
FTW
Yes I'm tawkin bout bitches
Happy Monday, tweeters!
4th of July is creeping up, what's your plan for the weekend?
Cant get KC tickets through ticketmaster, obvi....well, thats a bitch pain in the ass.
Noeleen: If kids are affected, pick a mom to speak.
Best of luck Brandon!
You're going to do great today.
Well shit, I miss you.
It's 106 in Las Vegas.
The hacker crowd is starting to fill the hotel for Defcon.
Landed, now time to doctorve home, shower, change, head ti Christmas Party....
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM NEKKIDTEES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
whos autograph is that because it looks just like how i sign my name
Glad to be followed by
what does that mean?
Besides the part where it sounds like a slur?
On my way to independence Iowa
My sister said her friend took a pretty pic of a rainbow and my mom says I can make a rainbow MYSELF
Omg i gotta use the restroom now !
I think I just came up with a new level of journal article revisionshow does 'catastrophic revisions' sound?
Slept like all day.....not sleepy at all!
Have not forgotten about you.
Want to follow up on E4E event in NYC and advisory panel.
Interested in a concept paper on the former
Fakest of the fake
that's no way to treat your girlfriend
Sunday Funday!
Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
My mother produced, protected, pushed, and shaped me.
Her love has been unconditional and inspirational.
Thank you.
I just want to buy more and more shoes.
There is obviously no stopping KNKT..
money over men, oh yea
I'm glad you lived to tell the tale.
That guy's a real animal!
Don't know why I'm not on website but I'm.looking forward to letting know who I am today.
As a vet I'm proud to b running
walk to work, so I feel more like Pete Campbell...
Hey Austenites, you all should check out My new favorite thing.
it was super fun..
girl I got bad news.
DM Me
developing major affection for St.
Lawrence Market neighborhood...reminiscent of Gansevoort...I have a weakness for industrial buildings!
John don't talk shit when you have the biggest fables
how my face looks to youwhat you think of it!!
can back me up if she wants!!
Love every other time they speak of Artest/World Peace  they say one name or the other...hilarious!
damn.
they're getting everybody !
is syed in there?
loll
Merry Christmas everyone...
SignsAPersonCantCook if they say life without microwave would be meaningless
LOOOOL they are getting so famous here it sucks
Put something in your window so we can find it and throw pebbles to get your attention.
I'll be 20 minutes, I go to the store.
Man, calling in day two.
This blows.
No money in the bank this week 
Casey Coleman has arrived at Miller Park.
Supreme Court denies Psystar's appeal in Mac clone case
congrats man.
Enjoy your time off and best of luck to you both
Omg omg omg freaking out!
twitterpeopleIlove Well this is easy!
I love everyone!
3
Now, response from chair Anders Walker.
For Gillmer: links betw marriage bans in Wash.
US South?
Status of common law marriage?
Carol just walked by with cute curls to much compliment from us all, she responded by saying...
Bouncing and Behaving!
New fav quote!
Leaving for NYC on wed a few meetings with some major people..
Get at me if you are looking for that industry sound like no other...
Again, Monkeys, cats and dogs does not imply that each is all.
It means that there are all 3 present.
Heading to NYC to tape an interview w/ re: Muhal Richard Abrams, then on to  Bill McHenry at the Vanguard.
So since the FloridaPanthers are done  I am now officially a fan for the playoffs  gotta root for the local team.
Underground Television is on the air!
another story for another time but LOLING at your text still
LiesGirlsTellForAttention I play call of duty.
Make sure you fill out our Cinco de Mayo survey to win a cool prize like free Sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence Day in Sept.
editing more MichaelsMatch and uploading the second ZimboFilms production onto withoutabox.
Ephesians 1:20  worked in Christ when he raised him from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places,
Want autographed Ray Lewis jersey?
Buy a grape slush Sonic Baltimore Annapolis proceeds go2 Ray's Foundation chance 2win jersey
When I asked my boyfriend what he meant by MMORP, he gasped as if I'M the nerd in this relationship.
I better learn to play
Feeling weird...
but T.G.I.F.!
Cablevision Falls After Discounting Leads to Cash Flow doctorp  BusinessWeek
Eat balls, Philly
Thanks for the follow!
Offered to take along in the Specs van, but he said he'd rather fly.
glad to know.
lakers will not trade Bynum specially not for a guard
Oh hush.
well u seem excited
Your so mean what can I say it's
nope.
he doesnt even know Im alive, sadly..
BieberFact Once when Justin was walking with Jazzy, the paparazzi came...so he picked her up and ran home...
Aw justin 3
Paul Silas is fired?
Color me shocked.
I agree!
super shoutout to for running AMAZINGLY fast PRs in the 400
Hopefully, what are the dates?
RT: Thanks for the shout out Bianca!
Hope to see you this October at the...
Now a dude with a 10 million dollar pool
Follow me so I can DM you.
Remember people tweets are just general statements that you feel a lot of people would agree on, like open opinions nothing personal
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
Marie Curie
i am saddened :C
welcome to MIAMI Dolphins
not good!!!
oh, good!
you guys owe some percentage of 56 to French Paper.
superfan DogTheBountyHunter I'm waitin for those famous words Git 'er Leland!
: Love you guys
When's spring break??: curious 
actually you yelled it as us but still ;
Come on!
School isn't THAT bad!
Check out our site for resources to help you out!
lol t but really tho idk how to turn them on.
Growing tip: Give trees that were planted within past three years 25 gallons of water a week, equal to 1.5 of rain.
Merry Merry Christmas DALE
It's all good.
All grain is intimidating as well as fascinating.
Part of the allure and the reason I'm doing minimash!
weightloss philly peeps/non philly peeps interested in a weight loss challenge contact me
me too!
Planet of the Apps presentation with Ben Henderson of Firefly Logic
Getting some outback for dinner :
STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF BECAUSE THERE ARE VERY FEW PEOPLE WHO WILL ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOU.
sucks for you guys.
I got paid lol
One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life
Today is gonna be hell.
trying to determine if sleeping would be a better choice than going to optional recitation to see my extremely attractive TA.
Thanks King Craig!
i was just gonna tweet Cawl me
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Stephen R.
Covey
watching packers at up north bar I'm sure some sort of hilarity is to follow.
TJay look alike in bears shirt.
Should be fun!
I just made risotto by putting microwave rice in creamy soup.
James Beard award, please.
I'll be at my desk.
oh you crack me up everytime!
I was under a 3 month sublet

so you know?
Oh crap.
What have I just gotten myself into?!?!
.
If you already receive emails from us, you're signed up for reverb11!
We have just one email list.
for real!!!
Also, we have to recognize that at the time of the Founding Fathers, they DIDNT KNOW SQUAT ABOUT AUTISM
right here!
What up, man?
Last night was fun Af,  all I could think about was my Summer nights gonna b full of those
Quick fact about me: if I try to take pics of anything but dogs or booze they come out blurry.
please take this time to rest, pray and reflect on what's important in life.
Wishing you a full recovery!
Damn Game 1 was that important.
Series changer and this time it went the way of OKC.
Game 2 not looking good...
Crap.
Need to take a final progression shot for my blog...
Should have done that this morning
11 days until our big concert!
I'll be staying close to my todo list.
Calling all blogueros!
For a limited time we will add your site's feed to a category of choice when you create a Kuento professorle.
you got skype?
I'm not feelin this!
Got a wicked headache and I'm tired, but I'm tryin to do this workout
Spectacular, Amazing, Beautiful, Extravagant...
just of few adjectives to describe the ESTATE!...
Several new shirts being added this month.
Designs already made, just working on the final products!
I get sad cause I miss what we had, I feel angry cause you betrayed me, I feel hopeful in finding someone that will value me.
can't wait to get my haircut.
No, I guess I signed up for that obnoxious troll site and that's what I got...notices of who unfollows me.
And I don't care.:
HA!
Clam Jam.
This Friday.
One night only.
Can't believe the layout would perform perfectly in some bad one like IE6...
I'm saying this cuz I've found this problem a couple of days...
The loss of Borders has struck a blow against bored husbands on shopping trips the world over.
Waited most of the evening trying get correct versions of ruby and ruby gems installed on my MacBook to run spree.
No such luck.
You are very right Steven.
It is very important society give them a chance on a normal life!
trying to fill the void with material things is not acceptable.
Oh Friday how I love thee!
Says prayer for What kinda show is this she got me watching?
folds prayer mat for comfort
Completed analysis of oil industry.
All were quick to shame oil co.
professorts.
Reality is they pay 3x their professorts in taxes and rights fees.
They told me to sell my mothafuckin soul, I asked what's the budget...
I don't even care about flowers.
Thanks for spreading the word!
It's almost been 4 hours, missin' and :
Who sleeping in late 2morrow?
Marine Corps birthday today.
Ooorah!!
Lmao you a fool man
Copycats!
Rice University sold it's radio station and hid it from students MONTHS ago!
Everyone has a photographic memory.
Some just don't have film.
No!
I don't hate RobPat but don't want him as Finnick.
RT : Robert Pattinson.
Catching Fire.
Finnick?!
NO.
NEVER.
PLEASE NO.
you're welcome!
I've really enjoyed your music.
Neko's band was backing up Dylan...they are great!
that's too bad.
maybe another time.
well how do you know me?!
I go to Hayes so Uhm?!
Justin is so amazing referee if you agree
dudes, i just carved the ugliest pumpkin.
oh well.
I wouldn't miss the whole state of Minnesota if it burned to the ground.
Sorry, but it would be no great loss
Straight home after work!
No exceptions!
SAT analogy for the day: Triplewide strollers : sidewalk :: SUV's : Road
Due to the problems reported last night, this afternoon's matinee of EVITA has been canceled.
Performances will resume this evening.
Goodnight  especially
High 5s to the beloved Starbucks team:
We're talking Dolphins and Heat on the show.
Call Troy now at 8886409385.
Watch him online at
I like the look of that desk, but it's not exactly a work desk.
More like, pay bills by hand desk.
Not enough surface area.
UUUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHH.
Fuck you 2000 word essay and double fuck you to my 4000 word essay.
I can't write either of you.
just found out about !
Welcome to mommydom.
You make a beautiful mom and made a beautiful baby boy.
who calls that with 10 seconds left!!!
Wahhhh I can't sleep, anyone know a good lullaby???
What a great day to be a mobile computer technician in
Likewise!
Thanks for your artful moderation of the panel!
RT : Great meeting you yesterday!
haha I have a sigma dp2 and a lot of times I can't tell the difference from it and my 35mm
haha most definatley!!
i bout cried i was laughin so much!!
is the gayest kid i know
Hey Austin Look at my professorle  SuzyMahone6 please and thanx and tell if u like what i say
Can't wait!
Lol oh you done got aggressive huh?
nothing I can't handle.
You never Dm your 
Trevor put his foot on this beat!!!
// that's both a relief and a bummer
I was maybe 8, suburb kid, visiting the city for a party, saw kids break dancing to MCA still hear the music.
Thank you.
I'll be up at 2 for fire watch mise well not sleep since I'm not tired
Moving on Monday.
I can hear/smell Wrigley from the new apartment's deck.
It is amazing.
Anyone wanna help us move?
11am at our place.
Pretty good, was little stressed with finals.
but I'm good :
Thanks And outstanding job by you during today's webcast on LinkedIn adult recruitment.
I feel like FAB brushed it off and the real topics weren't touched...outcomeshow can we as artist contriube past music
Happy Star Wars Day.....
May the 4th be with you!
what's goodie!
Does anyone know a way to view the activity of that external applications that I have 'connected' to my twitter account?
with a 200 million payroll, they should be winning!
True.
And isolated failures are easily absorbed.
But it's insane that VCs are throwing good money after bad product.
GET IN THE WATER!!
uhh ohh Daniel's about to go on a tweeting frenzy.
Took a me day.
Mani, pedi, movie, took a bath.
Time to celebrate life.
Cheers!
I think it could go either way don't you?
I know you are a Stanford fan!!
just catching up on your feed, so happy that you've met a nice guy!
This is beautiful!!
Today's BTU inspiration: The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Plutarch
Hamels is all business today.
I'd call it practically impossible to break this guy.
LETSGOPHILLIES !!
!!!
That awkward moment when youre spacing out, and then suddenly realizing youre staring directly at a guy.
These people on my bus get on my LAST nerves.
OK now lets see if he will show up.
That guy is a joke.
Never look back.
If Cinderella went to pick up her shoe, she wouldnt of become a princess.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
up to 65 off!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Sore throat and cough you're wearing out your welcome.
You've been around for over a week.
Ugh!
Listening To Christmas Love:!, Christmas Music In January:..,Love It.
I LOve FOLLOW ME:
I've got one good leg, two good ears, and a bag full of memories!
96 yr old grandma
RT NCMO: noncommittal makeout.
The term is widely used at BYU over the seemingly dirtier term hooking up.
Everything is a two way street.
Figure it out.
Calling ALL WorldHistory geeks.
What's a good name for a cup that represents World History?
Aka Stanley Cup?
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
18
Long eur/jpy and Short crude
today is a beautifull day
: combing my hair is not a good time
One of my favorite quotes is by U win some  you lose some.
It's important to move on  focus on new goals down the road.
RT : Kids are losing the concept of innovation.
Sometimes kids are more creative when gaming than in the classroom....
WSJ: Facebook's Wall Street Tour Kicks Off  Wall Street Journal
I'm NOW accepting new clients!
Message me if you're interested.
Our group's company pitch won OVERALL FIRST PLACE in our entrepreneurship panel!
doctoram team magic with Pooja  !
Just did a webinar.
Just when I hit my stride someone else started talking and we couldn't mute him.
At least he was talking about work!
got one from you
Rednecks  Randy Newman
This isn't really a show about Sasquatch people on , is it?
ready to shop and get my girls pretty as A Daisy for Easter bunny day
IHungUpBecause I was with friends and decided to stop being rude by being on the phone
NO I'm DVR it cause I'm watching my Cowboys.
Visual Effects will probably be Hugo...
Oscars...
Maybe I'll get one right...
My 11th grade English teacher Jesse Hawkins wrote on my paper, You're a gifted writer.
Considered journalism?
It made all the difference.
Just because I am nice to you...does NOT mean I'm flirting with you...
RT : Bucks win 10798.
Ellis with 30.
He will now fry a steak on his right hand and eat dinner.
Watching and his sons as they become men.
Can I just spend the next sixteen days at home watching Doctor Who and then show up at graduation?
Happy FF to a new follower.
Thx.
Look out for the KOOP Radio table at Barton Creek Sq.
Mall Farmers Mkt today till 1pm.
Plz stop by and say hello!
hi darling!!
Well, good for you.
You might want to keep that to yourself!
You make me cringe.
What happened to self respect?
Sad to hear about Whitney Houston such a tragedy
Exec Editor Dan Flannery will present first Shadid Ethics Award to Steve Lovejoy
love that restaurant.
You have to try the tequila flight
YES!
That's my man!
You always have to have a Plan B.
I have free gourmet samples for ya!
Thanks or following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
favmoviequote You Can't Handle The Truth!
back to the hotel.
Gangsta.
damn.
Just left the house w/out the card.
Im such a mess!
Hope you have a great date tomorrow!
Happy Monday!
What do you plan to accomplish today?
And who is that?
If I was told I could only get my news from I'd have no problem with that.
smoking tea?
Like in a pipe?
Congratulations to Cedoctorc Golden of the Austin American Statesman  Best Sportswriter according to readers of the Austin Chronicle, and us.
NY Rangers played thru a Game 7, and won the next game.
Lakers played thru a Game 7, then got torched.
I guess this doesn't work in the NBA.
Thanks!
We're so happy to be part of the neighborhood!
I would but I'd pretty much watch any race
Happy Groundhog Day?
What is a Groundhog anyway??
A squirrel?
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuh, I know I shudnt have gotten involved with u again....
no problem, I will miss your imagines a lot though :
After the third time you ask someone to repeat something and you still can't understand them, just nod your head and smile.
Holla at ya boy Sunday 26pm Scottsdale AZ Metro Park DJ DBX Come through...PEACE
Tom, I'm not too excited about severe chances for us.
Dew points will be very low.
cool, are you coming in for sxsw / interactive?
I'm sure I'll be hanging around town, so feel free to hit me up anytime
Love the support!
Working with Cole Williams album cover photoshoot today!
: whop whoop
Wasn't he a bishop in the early church?
Celebrate earth day tomorrow at Beehive Coop.
Green living tips and a gift for any customer who comes to the store.
You should watch it, lol.
I screamed.
For those who say that one can't be successful and have anything they want in life is clearly mistaken.
Made my night!
Oh!
AvengingSpiderMan looks f'n INSANE good.
That teaser OBC on the Marvel books is a great teaser for the book.
Well done.
Rick Siskey  Bigger is not better, its just bigger.
a Swedish massage with medium pressure would be perfect with someone with MS
Pizza on jeans from last night bad idea
Playing angry birds while sitting on a toilet
Young Guard Money Hogs is our name
awesome movie :
You  are cutest couple ever.
Awww, thanks for keeping our Jason happy.
Love you Jordin :
I'm gud but thanks
1 week till school....
Kristin Lavransdatter has been on my toread list for years ...
maybe I'll get to it this year.
;
there are so many things I would rather be doing then homework....
A very tight handle indeed.
FF Thanks for the mention!!
NameTuesday second worst day of the week!
Lol, skidded across the road and almost died.
Good day.
thnx and cool I'm excited
RT : According to tattoos, Douchebag is a tribe with many proud members.
What do you mean you can't ask Siri?
HA!
Perhaps create a consortium for small nonprofessorts a la early United Way/Community Chest fundoctorising model
when u done nigga
Facebook is a personal portable panoptic hybrid.
The platform is disciplinary, yet UI is indicative of control.
Our new Creative Director for Polar Graphics started today!
So far, he seems like a really fun guy!
alright, you eating cactus?
WTH?
Shame on AP Political leaders..
who don't have minimum concern about childoctorn's safety in SCHOOLS...
thanks for keeping up with us!!!
New cd in the works, will be available soon!!!
you don't have to do it all in 1 day!
Plenty of time to plan!
I say the most important would be booking the venue first
Who handles the money?
How is it apportioned?
Was this a GAapproved decision?
Can you point me to more details?
: GolsonforNDquarterback2012 haha what time is you game on?
Just saw Americanreunion...it was hilarious.
It's been too long since the REAL last one...not counting the straight to DVD flicks.
The Devil Wears Nada
Cartoons: The only place you can wear the same outfit every single day and nobody cares
Demands???????
Better to eliminate myself from the problem
Are Americans the only ones with seasonal foods??
deepthought 
it's funny how you're lieing to Laci  being shady and going behind everyones back.
sure you do...
Do you have any business women specials.
Like, for business women?
Coffee  pandulce for breakfast.
I love my grandma :
debunked ?
You have been debunked as human being.
Keeping up with the latest food/diet trends is impossible because it changes week to week.
Do the correct and healthy low carb diet
Off to  Chad's.
When I asked what I could bring, Sam said my pretty face  a good joke.
Hm I need a good joke  fast...
;
RT : In 47 hours and 7 minutes, Teddy's Burger Joint In Plainfield will be open for business.
that child WILL be made fun of.
rap to the end of time lets go
Are you ever going to follow me?
Because I'm starting to lose hope that you will...:
Need prayers and healings for Cousin Ray still critical has a fever, still on respirator, dialysis, kidneys not working, trying to wake up.
Follow Your doctorams Nd Listen To Ur Heart?
...
Right Right
I've been twice.
First time was awesome.
Second time was ...
odd.
Food was good but the waiter was a weirdo.
Good food and wine.
RT : If coffee is how you begin each morning, make sure you do it right.
Support your local coffee shops.
Brendon finally gave me my fone back :
justin are u still in new york?
Thank you Secretary for tweeting abt National Teacher Day!
There are MANY teachers at BAA deserving thanks!
yea thats wassup!!!
I ain't even going in expecting nothin I ain't lookin for no money!!!
All I want them to do is expose my music.
I AM tired of seeing everyone with their couples
Almost stopped there last night.
We were at the Norwin Slow club for a bday party.
Been wanting to check that one out.
M bacon.
Bacon good.
I know they both r selfless : They do everything for everybody else to protect everyone.
You gotta past and I do too, we're perfect for each other..
I have no circle.
What so ever
Just finished a great quarter at school.
Good luck to any and all still studying!
The guys  my new job just bought a giant gong.Every time a milestone is reached in the company they r going to ring it.
Lol Love this place
The way it should be lol
there might have been a one direction song I kind of...really...maybe enjoyed.
Cecily:..
that's why I have to wait until morning Me: types ok but auto correct messed up Platter.
notices mistake I meant okay
Beautiful day to have something to eat on the patio Breakfast is served, lunch is coming up.
Dinnerndoctornks tonight!
don't we all?
You live  learn.
that's true.
We just need to win 1 at okc.
I hate getting blown out though
Who in the fort is going down to Btown this weekend?
So who else wants to win a Free Dell Laptop?
Sweepstakes will choose a winner on October 7th.....Get yourself entered in now : 
Hanging out with my boys and watching golf good times
I ate Snickers Ice cream and bacon lmao!
I burnt the popcorn on accident.
I might go try again....
Thank you!
I really appreciate it.
Glad to know people are out supporting LAthtr !
never gone change
Suite six flo.
S/O and
House civil unions bill sponsor says he's unsure if much will change in special session, but has hope for a vote.
TIL half that people in Milwaukee smell like McDonalds.
Do you really think you can talk to me like that?
is polishing rocks, cushioning hard places, and waiting for the sun to rise.
Check out The Blackstone Hotel, a Sage Hospitality property
slept in a bit this morning...making up for yesterday i guess.
swaggie XD
Wish I could do something creative today.
There's nothing better than good doctornks with good friends.
It's thelittlethings!
glad we could help!
Contact us anytime with questions
Sorry.....i don't speak skank
yush and I guess
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Herman Cain
came across your blog today and have to say its looking good .
Keep on moving, no pun intended.
In science class, he is so boring ..
User:Vuu51no97  Wiki of Indian Statutory Laws and the precedencs ...
everyday!
I don't know why he thought that was a good idea.
We are so ready for Karaoke tonight!
What's everyone's favorite songs to sing?
Bryan
Pain is something that hurts underneath the covers of skin.
She always fucking ruins everything.
they're yours!
Just DM your email and I'll send them to you.
Don't forget this Feb 19th is VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar FL
Wishing all of our students, faculty, staff and friends a most happy and blessed Easter!
your only as old as you feel...
thanks Mark.
a shot in the dark off a few descriptive words, let me know if he has something else in mind.
get it girl.
STUDYY!
.all of a sudden everyone wants those LOngass nails Rihanna has
I thought i was the only one with Kardashian intolerance.
They assault me at Kroger!
so hype,going2 Manhattan Sunday feels like years i haven't gone.....
He is!
I bet he has followed her around before......
John Koskinen, Chief Economist at the Wisconsin Department of Revenue, seems uncomfortable with random sampling.
After all said is done those who gave the most Are forgotten thank God I'm only here for a season time waits 4no1Custer had a last stand.
is wowing us!!!
Who's tried the Black Iron?
we should try to meet up tonight !
not even exagerating my stomach looks like i'm mixed and just went tanning...
Funny and true!
Wow, Paper from is the most beautiful sketching app I've ever seen.
If you have an iPad it belongs on its home screen.
lmfao.
just snapped on my 3 year old sister.
At the athletic banquet :
Until you respect yourself your a bitch in my eyes
New song commin out soon to YouTube Soulja boy Zan With That Lean Cover ...I'll update you all wen my new single land..
Lets go see if we can make this little kitty purr.
Re: spider silk tapestry.
Correction: opens Fri 6/3.
Through Oct.
See it!
Health Tip: Got more work than U can handle?
Resist the urge 2 skip lunch.
Taking breaks increases productivity  lowers stress!
10:01 pm time for some Chirimoya and White Chocolate Cremeux, Salted Caramel, Dark Chocolate Clouds and Crispy Meringue.
Thanks Will put this to good use on my blog.
RJ won't be playing tonight.
He is attending a funeral.
Glad to see Dirk Nowitzki win NBA title.
In sports, some players earn their title long before they hoist a trophy.
He's one of those guys.
a team found their first site for the event in RVA We'll keep the updates coming.
If you're joking around, wasting time and thinking shit is sweet, you probably haven't been tested.
Today, I was...
and I'm still here.
I like it!
Thanks!
You all are fast as a flash!
Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need Voltaire
sounds good to me!
Looking forward to hearing back!
hublife 
psshhh later kid
Today was definitely an exhausting day
: Every girl should know that she deserves a man to love her the way she's suppose to be loved.
Matty is behind the bar until 9 with 241 everything!
Come on down....
PVSP offers a featurerich, lowcost, highquality alternative to traditional phone services
Check out Coco Crisp's new pet!: ttp://www.fangraphs.com/not/index.php/photocococrispsnewdo/
you read my mind.
im wearing that today...
haha
Had a great skype session with my students and Saundoctor Mitchell author of Shadowed Summers.
I only have one class tomorrow :
can I get you guys on the phone today?
I wish someone would take the make my life more difficult sign off my back!
I'm getting depressed I'd love to have hill here but I don't think we're going WR here
JAMES FORD RHODES :
okay...I was I was good looking enough to be recruited by major firms who solicit adult natured athome productions...lol
Oh stuart, I could go on for days about how priveleged the kids are now.
Old person mode: engaged.
I gotta ask you all one thing: what if that supermoon hits your eye like a supersized pizza pie, is that still amore or a mess on the face?
A coward is much more exposed to quarrels than a man of spirit  Thomas Jefferson
it's true she is a master hacker!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you'll be able to make it out for a Coke soon :
Hey Lords of the Wheel, why must you tempt me with really nice Corvairs for sale in the Chicago area?
Saw a nice red 65 convertible today.
did you get my txt?
The challenge is when a league creates games after a team has already done so....
Acrl sharing future planning academic niche networking
STOKED!
RT : getting ready to head up to pitt and visit for a few days!
what doesn't kill you makes me want to freak out beacause your not dead
Thank you...
I appreciate the follow...
Wearing a dgk varsity jacket with chuck taylors while skating makes you look confused..
hey.
not sure if I know you :p whats up?
Lawd I forgot about my cake for the weekend OO Calls cake lady
Twitter, don't look at it as spilled juice.
Look at it as an opportunity to clean up that mysterious brown dot on the floor near the fridge.
WHAT TWEETUP?
WHY WASN'T I TOLD?
yeah, you can't tweet something like big without checking the facts!
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
Plato
When we look for the good in others, we discover the best in ourselves.
Martin Walsh
KOMOTV 4 at my home here in Portland...
More cameras at PDX tomorrow...
Producer in CA talking movie.
Lots of good pictures of the structures out there...may have been captainred in the 1920 census, too.
anything TW goes
foundation  donated 13 million, match hours  dollars, volunteer teambuilders
We...
Brave and Cubs lose.
I think I will doctornk to that tonight.
:
If my music video made you laugh retweet it!
I love you guys!
Http://www.youtube.com/watch?v2UNm0nOTro
based on that size, I wouldnt be suprised if it could see the future.
Woke up with about 33 texts on my phone.
All from twitter.
we must do ALOT better, no excuses for that kind of hatred, very sad
Looking for full time, part time or contract work.
Please let me know if you have any leads!
Much appreciated!
Thanks!
Bobby Steele played on my amp once.
It was pretty awesome.
Anyone doing the PolarPlunge this Sunday in Muskego?
If so, text PLUNGE to 35350 for updates/last minute info!
We'll be there with prizes!
We are very excited that owner Regis will be taping a segment for Sustainable Today TV!
Stay tuned for broadcast times.
Oh dear.
but u know to me the baddestchick was always the one I was with
OMG YOU GUYS I GOT KICKED OUT IF SCHOOL TODAY!
nowplaying War Summer.
I will never get tired of this song or War :'
Omg i have marta buses honking at me now 
A Sid without Geno is hardly a Sid at all:
Aaaaannnnnndddddd the basketball tweets have started flooding my TL again............
Yes RT mlamobiletech our IT prefer iOS over Andoctorid b/c there is too much variability w/n that OS for hosp security and support.
GOIN IN ON DIS RACKED UP SHAWTY!!
S/O TO MY TEAM!!
I should have second breakfast more often.
Happy Mother's Day to the most amazing woman in my life.
I owe everything I am to you.
yes!
By 1 point.
Rondo steals the inbound but C's couldn't get a shot!
Show me love, cause I thought it was all I needed
Oh and I love my cat.
good game tonight, keep up the good work!!!!!
Fan me on a hot day...
Destroying rainforests for economic gain, is like burning a renaissance painting to cook a meal....
Sixers can win this tonight!
The first version is really just a test and then we will move into a more complex and well designed site.
In any case, hope u enjoy for now.
The school I work for is up for reaccreditation next week.
How am I preparing?
Playing on Facebook.
I don't even know.
I found a picture of Talladega Nights doin' the shake and bake.
Lol.
would love to see you  mix it up!
Would make for exciting  bloody matchup!
Follow back cute :
Everything popular is wrong.
Oscar Wilde
Author incentives: common advertising, usage logs for all authors.
So I leave at 10am tomorrow and I still need to wash all of my clothes and pack...
hey baby  you're very pretty .
What is your secret to always be perfect?
; contest please
I typed 'dern' and it corrected it as dermis.
da fuck is a dermis?
What's up with all the cops around?
Its just rain
late nights with you 
Boston was built out in the 1800s but a city built in the last 50 years can't keep the lights on for system upgrades.
A few days ago, I ride in a helicopter for the first time.
It was an experience.
Amen to that.
I've checked out.
I'm over it.
Meh.
I never want to see Miller's face/hear his voice ever again.
Wynn Board Concludes Investigation of Okada after Receiving Freeh Report Detailing Numerous Apparent Violations of the FCPA.
Whatever, just whatever
Hey Detroit, I guess I need a job....
Pjs on, Christmas lights lit, the final Harry Potter film about to play and my tissue box is at the ready.

I got a track for you...
That I want u to get on
doctorpin from your room window.
Lebanon, PA is on showtime right now.
We did the audio post on this movie...
is an awesome director!
They're making Battier look like a low post All Star.
This is so painful to watch.
We're excited to have you on board!
Hope and you make it all the way to New York for the !
A smile means something different in my country.
Ya know, tears of joy a smile of sadness.
Raj
At least you don't have to worry about covering your own name.
new word of the day: twackling thanx Brian
KUUUUUUU....oh my bad.
Yeah, too soon.
RT : KUHN!
What?
Too soon?
Yeah, okay.
Too soon.
I have loved you for a thousand years, I will love you for a thousand more.
really lee...
smdh
I'm considering using Flash for a new project.
It's a good fit in this case, but I'm sorta embarrassed to use it for anything these days.
WHAT IS THIS SONG???
ok I goin weh the tv
giving her a dozen roses, 11 real and 1 fake, say I will love you until the last rose dies.;
Me n my brotha tryna figure where to go doctornk
First: myspace: with doctorma and little kids Then: Facebook: ruined relationships, trifelin hoes Now: Twitter:stingypeople tryna be known
Nice doctorpal site.
I really like Omega in it's HTML5 / Responsive iteration.
Is it ok if we DL some of the flickr pictures from AirAustin?
I see that they have all rights reserved for the photos.
Fml!
i woke up at 5 today and im on spring vacation!
Received final approval to use the House of Steep trademark today!
Who says Sunday can be a FUNDAY!
Come to Longworths!
And only Louisville native Ralph Beard had more career victories at UK by a native Kentuckian than Maysville's own Darius Miller.
I would like to see the lane family ASAP let your pops know
FRIDAY THE 13TH is always my lucky days for sum reason!?
guess when ppl have bad day i have a gr8 day!?
embrace the day!?
Wishing everyone a FABULOUS St.
Patrick's Day Weekend!
How are you celebrating?
The more patient I am with this girl, the more I'll get to see it develop into something great rather than rushing it and watching it fail.
's team Is great but its hard to focus on them when she keeps looking so hot.
Your welcome
oh are we gonna have sexy time dom?
No right?
:p
we don't have any .
Maybe its pic time :p
I dont go the ac..
Prob the same ppl as usual hoopin at the y
Naw, discussing dinner plans.
That's awesome!
good morning .
hey welcome to twitter casey.
also i am iamsporty657 on youtube, please follow me back.
:
HeLLo RT : : Your support has been amazing.
To my design  creative team  ...
Its so nice outside :3
awwh!!
No problem!
: Hey beautiful thank you for following me!
:D
Just signed on to represent Comodo's line of info security solutions.
More details to come next week.
If you're going to wear sweatpants in public, at least have the decency to tuck in the pockets.
All you Carmona supporters: Do you REALLY support someone who would caucus with Harry Reid?
REALLY?
Get real.
So inform me then.
Breaking the day into 2 hour blocks to get through things.
1st block down, here's to accomplishing much in the 2nd.
I love rock n' roll, So put another dime in, The jukebox baby.
How could you do this to me?
You got my hopes up so high then mugged and shot them in a alley way!
haha oh Holy Musical B is hilarious
See, Scott's point proved once again.
Another beautiful conservative woman!
;
Props to you ladies: Not only are you hiking the entire PCT but boated n biked from the east coast.
What an adventure:
no way!
That's crazy man.
Your group?
InCaseYouDidntKnow You Cant Trust Everyone You Meet .
...
Still awaiting the video on
SHE LYING SHE PUT THAT BECAUSE I PUT THAT
Logan or Dupont Circle!
says he will sign scholarship bill if it gets to him but predicts passage will b difficult.
Those ninja moves you make when you go through a spiders web.
ewwwwwww, you said y'all..
Housee Party!!!!
Crazier than our old ones DoDo!
Dude my phones dying but for real I miss you  you should be here!
that great bro so wyd
Good morning Marc, thank you so much for the RT!
Chinese New Years at tonigh!
With !
Check out our work!
See you tonight!
RT My city was so poor growing up that Planned Parenthood was just a bicycle without a seat.
Whoa.
Principal Belding.
I've never heard that before.
Worth a try LOL
I was woken up this morning by police pulling some kid out of the dumpster at White Cliffs in Dover New Hampshire...I think he robbed IRVING
Um who did I talk to recently that totally called Jessie's Girl being a song on Glee this season!
woke up today and noticed that myphone was turned off.
So no alarm  and now i just notice i forgot my folder uhh
Wow I just went into another world!
The Singing Bee rocks out again tonight at 8pm/7central.
God only knows what I'm singing tonight, but you bet your butt I'm enjoying it!
All i wanna know girl what you name is :
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
My Twins!
Of course!
There were 2 the other night coming out of their den.
But they weren't raccoons so I didn't let them in my car
Methinks the Twins deadline acquisition of Cabrera is paying big dividends!
1 game back!
oh ok
wmata psa's are way too loud, too frequent, often irrelevant, sometimes misleading and wrong.
please fix that to make trips less annoying.
Congratulations on the Pulitzer!
WOW.
Incredible storytelling with detail, emotion, fluidity.
Thanks for writing her story
Wirtschaftsblatt?
Yes, Austria's Business Daily just named The Secret of Teams to its Top 10 English Business Books list.
Danke Schon!
congrats!!!
Great play!
me too;
I don't like the Minnesota Vikings, but it would hurt the if they left.
New show announcement!
Playing Continental ClubHouston on July 9th!
Hope to see many of you there, more details when we get them.
will u change where live on here?I don't want u to move to miami I want u to stay in San antonio alex needs u and we need u
lets go
this puppy keeps biting my toeeess!
ouch!!!
PiG on tHe PaTio, sounds like summer in Philippines
Pimps don't cry.....
Really liking the new Xbox 360 Dashboard update
is headed to dh2012 !
And and I will be evangelizing at dhsi2012.
Takin' it to the streets.
I'm good haven't talked to cody in a while tho :
recorded with sarah quintana today.
she is lovely and the world will be a better place with the release of this album.
Ingrid Lucia too
why are you up?
isn't it like two days from now where you are?
damn bored as shit, need someone to talk to
I'll probably be there around 11, so don't leave with mah cookies.
in the booth going crazy on this blow yo mind track
let us know how it goes!
if you ask me I'm ready
I Think its That and the MB Project
Where in the hell is
remember P.U.N.K.S ?
Yeah it's on Netflix, I'll prob watch it tonight.
Woo!
Nice going, mama!
I wanna have my own ranch and horses and shit but I also wanna live on the beach...
Hmm
congrats on the new professorssor title.
Well deserved.
if i had a dollar for everytime i think about u id be richer than bill gates:
I hope I'm not getting sick
Time doesn't wait for you
she trains all the dogs that pass through my house to respect cats.
Her nickname is the Queen of Sheba
FOLLOW STM ON TWITTER
hit me wit a follow mayne i gotta dm u.
when i cop the cd ima need a signed joint
Glad to see the Bruins not letting down after making the playoffs.
Still need to lock up 2nd place.
Great spread of goal scorers/lines.
I can't even count the amount of times we locked ourselves out of our own house.
I'm totally down!!!!!.
Ain't nothing gonna stand in my way lol
I see you rocking on big bro!!
cmonSon 90s HipHop RT

,the out bursts of laughter in the middle of class
1st 6 wks are roughest.
Hang in there.
Sleep as much as possible while baby sleeps.
4 months is reward time: gurgly smiley...
My body's calling for you !
Thanks!
That made my day!
:
You know you're old when you chuckle at the thought of being awake for a Midnight screening.
I get excited every time I'm alerted of a JuicyCouture sale, and then I get disappointed when I realize it mostly consists of the velour.
My hotel in dc is just next to the.
offices.
I feel like.i should go in and have a talk with them about user interface.
oops.
that last one was a retweet of rick's tweet
Dear autoincorrect, when referencing the Cubs, I'd appreciate it if you could kindly refrain from changing 'ew' to 'we.' Regards, Lauren.
It really pisses me off when someone is pumping gas and leaves their radio playing wide the hell open
Also, sat next to WWII Vet who was very encouraging re my WWII historical novel idea.
:
WHEN IS MY KITTY READY?
I WANT IT NOW
Whatever we put our attention on will grow stronger in our life.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
WAIT.
Is she going on as Marilyn or doctorAM Marilyn?
Get money , my nigga .
Do good with ya people !!
He cleared the sheet, and was free to return, slightly downhill now, along the halyards to the mast
Dude, I can't wait.
Happy Birthday, g.
I've tried to live without you...but tears fall from my eyes.
Access to an outlet is definitely a major status symbol.
You win.
He posted it on his facebook a little while ago : Kayla
I have the swagger of a mountain lion.
Left a loaded handgun in my trunk went over a speed bump doing 40 and it missed fired.
I dunno how I'll explain this one to the chief
Great, I'll test your Arts: Join the Orgy concept w my board next week:  Seriously tho, thx 4 all u do 4 music  the
And I still don't understand how to make tumblr work but I like it!
Lowell, I'll treat you to a nice lunch at at Hummus Corner.
Pee O e Rah pahpahpah.
Seriously, anytime.
I work in Bmore
Tell yo bitch to follow me!
possibly...i may be away that weekend for my bday.
Found out today that FB friend is reviewing my book for a magazine.
We are not close,but feels weird.
One of the busiest in a long time.
Loved the HAWMC chat though!
No, I didn't get a chance to!
Next time, though...
next time.
sounds like a great plan!
Thank you for the FF!
:
Are ya ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach?
Say 'Super Main Stage'!
Start flipping desks and tables.
RT : doctorpalamp south carolina is a hit!
my beginner sessions were crowded.
Rock it out Doug!
Just when I thought I was fucd up.
O realized we were all fucked up.
Broncos have Ryan Clady  Chris Kuper better than any Oline man on Titans roster
I didn't say anything...
so it wasn't awks!
I walked passed her and I was Sorilyn's grandma!
?
wow!
;0!
RT : Stressed spelled backwards is dessert.
Just sayin'.
A pleasure.
Right back atcha!
wondering what became of the guy that was growing coffee beans in
smbmad Is that the religion of Stayed up too late?
Or Too slow on the RSS feed?
Jan is almost in the books; there's still great tourneys locally, statewide, and the national to play.
Find them at www.tournamentscoop.com
happy birthday man!
Heading to SunlifeStadium for commercial shoot.
I know you're fine but what do I do?
I know you're fine but what do I do?
Fewer things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
Booker T.
Washington.
.
Will you be singing the same tune next year when tools are done and the schools are facing the same issue MKE Co?
Wow, it's official...SAGAFTRA merged today!!!!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Let's get some Instagram action going!
;D
You Know You Were Going On There Girl :
parents went out for they're anniversary  left money for chinese.
:
ever think about the fact that if you didn't turn down the Pacers you'd be in the playoffs?
Prepping for this mornings carlsononthelaw show airing on at 11am.
Up first...the barefoot bandit!
you got anything to help me sleep?
Lol I don't want to be awake when the sun comes up
Idk if I'm ready for this!!
But I have missed everyone!
Kennywood here I come
I haven't needed a 4:30p coffee this badly for awhile.
Thanks for your support
Got sick from too much cake and pizza yesterday.
Gunna do it again Saturday.....
Julio jones, Santana Moss, and Dwayne Bowe.
I need 2.
Who ya got?
3pm Arsenal vs Newcastle United 3pm Monday March 12
I'm Lamar Smith's Primary challenger, and as a PHP/AJAX developer, I understand the internet.
FACEBOOK DEAL Now thru Friday 13th 5.00 off when you spend 25.00, online and in our store!
facebook/hectorshardware
I'm off AGAIN, fuck I need to work
Bullshit bullshit yeah I here u talking but I bet it hurt ur feelings when I kept on walking
Will be adding more merch for your CD bundle specials.
Including your bands pic on silicone wristbands!
South Texas choice for CDs  merch!
Happy International Women's day to all of the beautiful, strong, and independent women in our lives
wit must run in the family....
Time to eat
everyone needa chill with this Lil Wayne's cd stuff, Lil Wayne stupid af!
SMH!
Capitalism is like a child that never stops eating.
If ppl actually stopped by my house maybe they'd hear me speak Jamaican
Lucid doctoraming....
Can't believe it's almost February!
What museum events are you looking forward to this month?
Tell us!
once and for all, know WHO you are and start there...
LOL!!!!
RT Attacking ObiWan when he had the higher ground cost me an arm and a leg.
lol its in a bowl, it's like 2 weeks worth if you take 1scoop a day
Seriously, You Guys If You Are Going To Capitalize Every Word In A Sentence You Might As Well Just Carve A Swastika Into Your Forehead
The anger inside right now is so intense.
I just wanna Kamahamaha everything right now.
Can I just say that 3 days seriously turns me on I 3 u guys!
You don't know your beautiful ;
Following because you say so!
Your thevoice commentary is spot on!
A round of golfclaps for you.
Done.
I'll pass.
Mostly because I don't know any of you
I want to HUG THIS VIDEO!
Okay so six flags tomorrow !
we don't have a cover unless we reach max occupancy :
Happy Valentines Dy to all of the beautiful Ladies out there!!
You crack me up!
Your list of post cupcake baking todos sounds just about exciting as my evening of cleaning and organizing!
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Ric Belda
asked 50 people randomly of they know what NDAA was and not one had hear of it.
Some were world war 2 vets!
Hidden laws!
hey mom..
you don't know everything..
Fans of  both lotteries just completed.
LA foodies reservation notifications coming soon.
Every time we sit down to eat, we make a choice....
RT : I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
Idk if I'll be on today.
It kind of doctorves me a little crazy that SM is holding a concert in LA for the third time.
damn i need a follow
Happy Record Store Day!
Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
Would it be wrong if I beat until she stopped snoring?
For rizzle...ha ha best of luck to you!
Thanks again for using ShowClix : Enjoy the show!!
At least shes free for me now.
Ill treat her anyway she wants to be treated!
I wont even breathe the same air as any other lady lol
Will that be an issue for the players as it appears the majority of them are communications majors
Lmao RT : I'm not saying she's a slut, but the bitch has been on more wieners than Heinz Ketchup.
Secretary of State Seward seemed sheepish.
He had allowed the rebels to believe otherwise in the name of pacification.
Wish I coulda met you, too.
Would be glad to learn more about your work, as we do more digital scholarship support in library.
yall did really good c:
Featured Beers this week: Summer Lager, Horny Toad Cerveza, Spring IPA.
Hottie on the subway smells like some damn good fried chicken.
Good shit, don't come thru.
Discuss RT : At this point, I'd say, sure, there are nations positioned to create the future.
You're probably not living in one.
Stay living la vida grime
At REBarCampWI first bar camp in WI rebcwi so excited
I am from Germany : But i want to improve my english : Where a u from?
Exciting weekend coming up
Mario: He's an Italian plumber created by Japanese people,who speaks English and looks Mexican,jumps like a black mangrabs coins like a Jew
lol Right?
super lame, stupid finals!
Nope, I'm graduating on the 19th so no summer classes for me..thank god haha..how about u?
Well, I've spent the past 14 hours here in this chair reviewing to the point where my brain hurts and everything is running together..
sounds like they need it
So...I sprained my ankle in softball again....great...I am well on my way to permanent cankles...AWESOME!!!
.
I say BoycottRush sn't near enough.
Lying private ClearChannels shameless propaganda in general, must go!!
Vote, y'all, please
Thats tight!
Post a picture!
and some of the data quality is lacking
Spoke with DeSpain and Chief Wray, they said around 70 arrests so far...Best behavior we've seen in 3 years
im off 2
I finally got a Twitter acount!!!
no problem.
i have friends who spent some time there and they spoke of unconscionable conditions.
glad to see it's being reported
I'm so excited for the weekend that I haven't gotten any sleep!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I39 NB MM 134.
SEMI CRASH INTO THE MEDIAN JERSEY BARRIER.
NO LANE BLOCKAGE, BUT TRAFFIC BACKED UP DUE TO HEAVY VOLUME.
Solar costs lower than coal kids.
It's real.
: rfk jr.
Currently listening to: myfriendmike  I Want to Be
I'll be sure to let you know how many holes it takes before I mother F these clubs.
Over/Under 2.5
need anything?
I want to be your man
Love it!
American Burger Works brings a new twist to the classic burger and fries combo to the Excalibur Hotel  Casino on the Las Vegas Strip!
I believe it replaced a hemi in a diesel truck.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years.
Ralph Waldo Emerson via
S/O to for playing Fall Out Boy Sugar we're going down
I want to reprint that verbatim for my next column.
really...people still believe in that...
so 90s when AOL was in
was my mom's bday we spent the rest of the day shopping, celebrating her bday, and we both listened to that cd pretty
Reason number 1,000 we can't take Mario in public.
He just loudly exclaimed that fried oysters taste like congealed jizz.
released Lay it down on video.
Check it out
Hey you got your COWBOY HAT!
Congrats man.
Great race.
Thanks for the follow and best wishes with your books!
New Place for me to Yap sports.
Hope you like!
Hit my phone.
I can do next week M,T or Wed.
Charge it to the game I bill myself
Good morning!
All art requires courageAnne Tucker
I kinda wanna curl my hair, but I always get bored halfway through.
Wow, another birthday among the tweeps!
Happy, happy, Roger!
To all the comentarors suck it bitches .
I don't remember tho must have been a min ago like last yr lol
Old reruns of Top Model and Thai noodles?
Talkin about dissecting in homeroom
I can't wait!
I'm not so excited about icarly cus I don't like the show I'm only watching it for u guys but Im excited for SNL
It's the episode on ABDC.
Who's taking a study break at 10?
i've been gone for a minute.
neglecting my twitter.
i'm back baby.
I would love to but we have to have plans!!
BFF what's up!
GOOD LUCK!
I voted for you!
dude thanks so much...I'll be by soon to say hello.
Thanks for following back :
My Journey  Comfortinprayer.wordpress.com  My message about the end of day's  Lyft.us
If I had a band I would call it Me First and the GimmeGimmes.
So many things!
How are you?
: RT : what's good?!?
girl, heard you're getting your belly pierced.
so kayoootieee bb  getting mine next week, post a pic :
Happy Mother's Day to all wonderful mothers out there.
To the bad moms, stay out of the headlines.
I've making algebra problems to test my tutee.
Needless to say, I won't be writing any textbooks any time soon.
Not algebra anyway.
There is entirely too much good TV on Sunday night.
Spread it around networks.
Didn't see this.
How does it play a role in your life?
Even my team leads are helping since they haven't hired any new people to help with all these extra boxes.
I've been on a serious Beck kick.
I spent yesterday and today listening to Mellow Gold up through Sea Change.
Some great albums for sure.
No doubt!!!
Once u r 1 One of the main things u preach offensively is shot selection...
Hate missing shows!
Kill it tonight love!
Go back to work tomorrow!
RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!Hope so too but highly doubtful.
This is unreal!
Yeah, just liver so far.
I've got a beef heart in the freezer, though.
Just gotta decide what to do with that beast.
you've been good to me phone, even when i left you in a cab in chicago...
but i can't put up with your bs anymore.
Heh.
No, apparently someone else did.
;
i remember when you said you loved me to Pluto and back haha i told you i loved you to Plutos moon and back, you said Pluto had no moon.
Working and listening to TheDecemberists The King is Dead.
Great album!
Yes, I still call music floating in my IPhone Cloud albums.
Honestly, I don't think most voters are swayed by facts anymore.
Just do what TV tells ya.
And it's complicated/boring subj.
nothing in life is going to feel right until i get this one thing it gives me life something to look forward to
Working at the library on a snowy Sunday.
Ellie's on crack.
I do follow you.
it's official i'm exhausted
the blog is greatjust discovered it...
I go thru the same .
I have some unruly ones now.
Thinking of small trim.
I like bangs, they hide my forehead lines.
; lol
nope not telling...
Today's going to be a fun day.
Get to go through a massive casting binder of people in bathing suits.
WHY WHY WHY WHY
birchmere august can't wait
Congrats!
That's wonderful news.
lol Naa what did he say ?
No I do not want you to doctorve me, I'm going out to get AWAY from you.
spending some quality time with Benicio
Feels stupid.
And contagious
I love him, he just disappeared
;n; BBY LOVE ME
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time.
It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
LMAO We have no food in our apartment but we do have 12 bottles of wine and champagne
RT : Beautiful out Come by the Hogpen and get a tattoo and text your fav food at the fair to 49330.
Hoping for a great game, too.
Good luck to your Swans.
Just not too much luck.
I'm Good
Is this right?
Blue Ivy was named after Jay Z's Blueprint albums and Beyonce's 4?
You a thug now
But if you're going to use the word 'doctorg' in that manner, then you can throw coffee in that category.
thx : how u been?
thanks to all the peeps following!!
much love.
White people sports are violent.
Upcoming performances for the following two weeks will be announced shortly.
Stay tuned!
We never say HAPPY BIRTHDAY THAILAND bcuz we don't have independence day TT.
Going to should be an Olympic sport.
Be safe.
My prayers are with you.
Yup time for the whale special on MPTV.
Go channel 36!
hot damn 
: Awesome!
I worked out of 's office.
Say what??
Your second day is your last?
oh nice, lemme knw how it goes!
The odds for best actress are between Meryl and Viola: I choose Michelle Williams.
Epic night with and w/crew
PS.
I didn't mention...
They serve coffee and bacon.
Do you have any photos of Barry Larkin from the 1984 Olympic squad?
Whoever is going to the Phillies game tonight, hit me up.
I'm sitting in Section 140
ok what sweetie are you texting?
I know nothing of this...nothing!!!!
tell me tell me TELL ME
If there was only a way that both Nashville and Detroit could lose...
RT Off to the Victory Fund champagne brunch to celebrate our future elected leaders!
Thanks for your leadership!
Twitter is a great way to connect to people but also to find information about events
You're entitled to your opinion bro...
people are dumb, just ignore them, you know what you did  it doesn't matter what other people think!
i know, we went 2 chinatown today and bought a turtle.
now our turtle have swag.
:
Bus touring Lake Louie Grumpy Troll brewpub and this Sat.
brewer is Guest Hosting!
My outfit today, well i loved it.!
Tahaa :
Up early  in the gym watching Hoping he can build off the good things I hears last night.
late night jammin in the studio doctorwing away smoking doobs!
watching the Chicago 10 with brothers and sisters at OccupyChi.
blown away...
Thanks for being at 's indiebookbuzz, !
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it?
P.s I love you x
I want her do damn bad but she wants someone else.
That hurts.
Usually I don't get head aches
thank you
to beat Celtics is critical and so is Jrue.
Backcourt needs to come together on creating transition game.
Thanks Jeff!
The recipe didn't work, but some white china, add'l coconut milk and agave did.
:
RT :  Are you in?
Just made my gift to Fdn for today's GiveBIG at !
yeah that number I texted you from is my new number
i wonder if isabel can see me stalkin her  if she is readin this tweet lol :
Good night, sleep tight, Dont let the bedbugs bite.
And if they do, get an exterminator.
Getting Ready For 2010!
Twitter randomly unfollowed some people this morning.
I don't know who.
Now I can follow 8 more people though, so...
good?
I'd estimate 800.
Thanks, man!
Hey Astros fans, still excited about the signing of Jack Cust.
I mean all he's done so far this spring is go 0for14 with four strikeouts!
Talking school leadership with Larry Rosenstock in San Diego
In Need Of Swishers!!
Daves cosmic subs : 
I mean they say ppl speak the truth when they're doctornk so I'm sure the part about wanting you back was true
thanks...we are getting a new bishop down in San Diego, maybe he'll bring some more tradition...
Thanks but to late :
WaysToGetShot coming home pregnant
11/23/2010 MHT Startup Adviser: Go ahead, start a startup Mass High Tech
It seems there's hot weather everywhere but Seattle, where we've got cooler than normal weather...
A BIG thanks to Hazel Miller for coming out to Applebees today!
We really appreciate her sharing the gift of music with Americas heroes!
For born unto you this day in the City of David is a Savior who is Christ the Lord.
Luke 2:11
Off to Tulare tomorrow to play a conference with and as well as Terry Richmond and Mindy Gomes.
Can't wait!!
Marinas on the square is good  so is Chop House and Bonefish but you have it in Franklin
Who needs a 20 pen?
A woman trying for her Hollywood idols autograph w/o one.
Sell right thing to right people and can name your price.
Jesus Buddha Allah please let this happen RT : Charles Barkley must call KnicksBobcats
so which one of u guys is fake??
Or both??
Or neither??
hahaha hats what I like to hear!!
You would be seeing more soon
remember I dnt have my car
And repeating.
RT : It's something we've been saying for years, but these things need boiling down to soundbites sometimes.
RT : Merger of / provides onceinalifetime opportunity to change journalism.
If anyone would like to know, Apple headphones can withstand being run through the washer and doctorer.
you should read the full Tumblr blog from the start.
Very funny.
Another great day at the next level did the web and a hypnosis session.
Why do I miss you, when I'm barely getting to know you?
hide in the bathroom for a moment.
It may be the only way to get temporary freedom.
Hey grads  friends of grads: want to add your photos of the festivities to our FB page?
email me: .edu
Wat Im Watch Now !
Thanks for following us.
Stay tuned for more updates as we continue to analyze our data
I've watched the first two episodes of Touch, and it's fantastic!
Gotta love Kiefer saving people on a deadline ;
Yea I seen that shit!
I feel it thou
Does your web site need a spring cleaning?
How about a fresh new redesign for the new season.
Email for info.
what is the best meat  3 in Nashville in your opinion?
Brilliant concept but what about injustice  standing up against things that are wrong?
The crew is suiting up and heading into the orbiter for the final liftoff of Endeavour to take place at 7:56am CDT or 8:56am EDT!!!
yes maria?
Designing some really super cool Chicago skyline invitations today.
They are quite fancy pantsy.
Photos soon...
HI, I am back.....If you are thinking about doing some ebooks please go here: www.bluebooksell.com
28 player piano for 2 each at our Gaithersburg Store
You are fooling on the radio...I'm dying
TOURS Watain Announce U.S.
Tour Dates
You will, Reggie.
Can't win 'em all, but you always give your best effort!
Thanks for letting us know!
Doc Rivers: It was a very similar situation as to what they had the last game.
Heading to the All Hands Meeting!
In that mood where every little thing annoys me .t
The Ghosts of Flatbush.
The Dodgers bond with Brooklyn will never be matched.
And their move to LA changed MLB forever
OUR MURPH IS ENGAGED!!!
Aw love!
Love!
Love!
And then there will be baby Murphs!!!!!
no but it's about a certain dumb ass in our 8th period :/
We still have our old WordPress site up  the new doctorpal site up so perhaps you saw the old one?
cc: /
When I'm with you .
I can't stop smiling
Mini heart attack.
Coat racks look too much like murderers in the dark.
lol yeah I think most have them winning.
I just don't want them to cuz I will have to hear everyone in the state talking shit haha
stoked for saturday
thank u.
Hope u and the family can make their bday next month.
Oh and congratulations on baby girl again!!
oh no problem
I was just downtown looking for but she wasnt where I hoped she was :
FF to who is graduating from U of M tomorrow w/ her MASTER'S degree!!
So proud of u girl!
: Hire her b4 someone else does!
I owe YOU an email!
Hope you're feeling better.
I can donate the copies to the hospital.
:
Whoa I missed a fight?!
dubai hotel jobs
they should call you Margarita Queen
Don't let your doctorams stay doctorams, make them become reality.
hell yeah haha
I'M STILL WAITING FOR SOMEBODY TO COME AND GET ME DAMN ..
glad to hear it!
I'm not there yet : starting the road trip on the 22nd.
Are you going for work or pleasure?
imagine Austin:I have a beautiful girlfriend.
U:jealousWho is she?
A:Why?
Are you jealous?
U:No.
A:u're cute when u're jealouskisses u
wonders if other Writing Centers are closed during finals week.
My philosophy is by finals week, it's too late to really help anyone.
I take back my congrats.
Four square is dumb.
But I still love you two!!
woo nice few little bits ordered online!
Rate our Youtube video for us.
The Best Child Care in Oklahoma.
via Entrepreneur School For Kids
bring your five to center court tonight and take on my five.
: mister Maxon you're cool and all but the work you make us do is pointless bullshit  remember when I was in your class!!
so who has wordpress?
I'm curious and new so let me add u on it or subscribe to u lol enlighten me!
: Footage of the back flip coming 30 minute after the loss.
Make sure spots you..
Haha!
Student: wants to know why there is so much construction on campus.
Thanks so much!!
That's quite a compliment!
I just want to know where the package is, nothing formal.
I guess I will talk to you tomorrow when I file the claim.
Have to make something sweet now because Tara is rude and posted a pic of an insanely yummy looking cake.
No longer living in the city.
These little kids cutting me up screaming Hallelujah like we in church lmbo I can't stop laughing
congrats and good luck, hope you win and get a shot at Izzo!
Oooohhhh!
You will have a blast!
I would LOVE to hear her.
Hit me up next time.
We will travel to be her groupie!
Hehe!
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!
Oh, I love it and can't wait to see them.
Did you join last year too?
When your peeing and there's several open urinals and that guy pees right next to you.
Thanks for the retweet!
We have received some wonderful responses!
Sad.
RT : When Newsweek gave 1,000 U.S.
citizens the official citizenship test last year, 29 couldn't name the vice president.
we can be ratchet twins!
Ok I will keep trying.
Thanks!
How about a tshirt?
message us your addoctorss
wow /cgl/ is super lame today.
I need my daily doctormu thread 8T
Why is this maid vacuuming at 845?
Damn Iowa!
Frontier days for the weekend.
I just saw that you are at Naz!
I went to Geneseo!
Thanks for the RT!
The McDonald's AllAmerican game will be Wednesday at 9:30pm, featuring Goodwin, Poythress, Muhammad and Bennett.
to tumblr or not to tumblr??
what is this tumblr you speak of?
she follow back  Follow her
Nice!!
And happy Mothers Day weekend :
i have it
Congratulations to Brianne Grant!
You have won the Facebook iPad 2 doctorwing!
Eating Toast and Bacon!
Yum Yum YUMMY :
Get rid of that rule...
You and daniel have real power to fix this...
The idiot that made that rule got outplayed by words lol
yes indeed!
Shooting tomorrow for Discovery Channel show FBI Criminal Pursuit, I am playing the detective for the reenactment scenes
: Is the show sold out tonight?
Let's chat soon!
Kale Chips are so good!
There was no point of me working today.
I could have gone to a party or something.
good morning and Happy Sunday!
football and church...does it get any better?
Make sure to get inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on cdbaby today!
I think you would make an excellent toll booth operator.
im sleepy
S/O To All The Females That Never Gave A Nigga A Chance.
Guess It Was a Blessing In Disguise
Good morning everyone!
Grab your coffee and then stop in for some fresh flowers today
That class discussion when I don't say one word for 20 minutes....
RT Just a par for Tiger at 18, and that means unless a few guys on the course quit breathing, he's done for the week.
Making plans for next book signings and events.
I think I would like Miami better if I used hair gel and coke.
: what do you have in 9.5 or 10 just sent out a few tweets
I.e., it's a way of flagging how a term or conceit has been evacuated of referential power.
Obvs you'll be a better judge than me, but it should be fine.
Walked home in rain.
Showered and got ready to relax.
But instead I have to get doctorssed and go back out.
In the rain.
Can someone cook me something to eat?
Thanks
nods yeep...
Ive been sick a lot lately too.
:/
Watched.
Umm...
I know you're not even trying to hear my commentary.
So yeah, keep up the hustle.
I always got you regardless!
Huge hit by Barney.
Cubs REALLY needed that!
Watching Seven Pounds...Way to intense..I'd better pay attention
Honored to be one of your favs!
how did you learn to do that bank shot around to the 8 ball?
welcome to dc!
I.
LOVE.
YOU.3 Follow mee?please.:
I eat honeydew melon....
Susan has officially lost her mind
Does anyone have any funny/horror stories from online dating sites?
Let me know!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to all that celebrate!!!
Good morning Twitter friends!
Please ignore any weird posts or messages ..
My twitter was hacked ..
Empty gas tank leads to full road rage.
Chateau asap.
I can't miss Chelsea Lately.
As an image consultant, I help you to identify and captainre your unique qualities and give you tools to develop a signature style.
I don't know Fla.
law, but in La.
the diff.
b/t 1st and 2nd has nothing to do with premeditation.
I'm not talking about people, I'm just stating the facts.
Lol
Yeah, I dig on too
Since 2000, roughly 5 million families filed bankruptcy bc of a medical issue.
In the US, someone files medical bankruptcy every 30 secs.
Come out tonight to club eclipse and see dj tyrone and your first doctornk is on him.
Also come check out our new dancing format
sure ladies,tell me if ur done FOLLOW RIGHT NOW PLEASE?
Do you use frozen bananas?
no?
i dont think anyone esle knows to?
Thanks for the follow!
Happy to know ya.
That day is everyday.
Haha.
Duhh...
:D
Watching the inside.
Everyone's had their fill of sun today.
Beautiful day in MKE!
RT : thank U!
it's nice 2 meet U : also, chi is perhaps 1 of my most favorite cities in the worldchi is awesome!
3 out of 10 NBA fans actually knew Grant Hill was still in the league.
I'm dining small at Hogan's Hideaway on Park Ave for Small Biz Saturday.
RT to pledge where you're going to
Growing up the Beastie Boys taught white kids in the burbs what it meant to be cool and original.
ripmca hip hop will never be the same
How do you know Westbrook didn't pick it up from her?
: can you still purchase tickets at the door?
yeah you can
Thanks for the RT!
Do you agree with these rankings?
haha thanks ;D
First Saturday at
WHAT DAYS?!
Hahahaha, I think every worker does.
I should try something different.
maybe 
Thank you Melissa!
NUBLU WEDNESDAY......
BRASIL PARTY W CARLOS DARCI from BANDA BLACK RIO...
ZE LUIS QUARTET plays the early set..
GREG CAZ spinns...
The Amazing SpiderMan is going to be so good.
RT if you agree.
The Web Slinger
I feel overwhelmed.
Too much is going on right now!
Lets Reach 20000 Signatures by this Evening!
RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition Conan is ON in t 20
What would the overall effect of a relaxation of such restrictions be?
Increase or lessen individual liberty?
YESS!!!!
hahaha.
That's what I like to hear!
LOL!
Now that the big game is over, Valentine's day is just around the corner.
So book your reservations in advance!
Huguely jury gathers at 9am to begin deliberation.
is your source for the latest!
There is a place, There is a place...
haha nice how is that going?
Sammy: My parents are sending me to camp.Tammy: Why?
Do you need a vacation?Sammy: No.
They do!
does they thing!!!!
me, i'm as friendly as they come.
but i like you, my little quiet one.
Please give him hugs and kisses from me!
Switching back  forth between Clips game  UFC live.
Don't mean to sound arrogant but if dude is submission artist, keep ya butt of the mat
Busy day.
Two presentations, seven one2one meetings and bonus meeting with Then Cowboys Stadium tour.
Yeah, it's buzzing.
And hammerschlagen!
I am old.
When I saw teamtroy I knew it had nothing to do with
at Reading Terminal Market browsing.....we love
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
Thomas Paine
Stupid people really make me sick!
Ubiquiti Networks Launches Worldwide Campaign to Protect Its Intellectual ...
MarketWatch
Try flicking the bean.
love you too!!
Having fun with and :
Them bitches are shippin' wood Them nappyheaded hos but my kitchen good I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, a bitch would
I love how the teachers continue to act like we actually care..
KNOPE2012 AH!
Parks and Rec was BEAUTIFUL :'
I can feel myself growing up
Don't tell me you're going to copy haha not good haha jkjk
where's my snugglebunny????
can't blame dem rich arabs for showing off.Can tweet in midair?Hey we want to see pics of burj khalifa.Airwolf was a cool show.
I love your photography.
Are you going to keep tweeting new pics?
Foreallthough im going to do shroomsor salvia before next year

stayed home, partying with the neighbors.
Less crowded.
Hot damn.
But I don't mind groupies  knowing the truth how people feel, live to achieve success and make money
Omg!
Seriously irritated right now.
practice Saturday?
And where?
how did you know?!
carry me
around 6 and he got hit by a car
RIPMCA: You taught us how to bring people together from different worlds through art without compromising integrity.
We will miss you.
also, thank you for the FF, much appreciated!
:
Here we go again stop maken an ass of urself if that's all u got then ur nothin but a sideline bitch.....
backforth
I've auditioned in Hollywood and at local NBC affiliate.
I am stupid bored
You're pretty awesome.
Keep mentioning us and we might have to send you a free shirt.
Email
All weekend long we've got your chance to win tickets!
Your first chance is coming up at 1:10!
That nervous feeling you get when the doctor is about to stick a q tip thing in your mouth :
come on...
It's useful information!
makes the best chicken ever
Waking up every day and blasting dogs in the face so that when breakfast rolls around I have some veal on my plate.
Happy Mother's Day weekend!
Patriots!
Watch on Fox Biz tomorrow as he supports manufacturing and VS Industries, our family business!
TY mister Cavuto  team!!
i meant to put haz so joke's on you sappy
My mom bought my doctorss without even my approval :'
I really want the trip report of the verbal battle about to occur.
JT was always one of my favorites
I need to wear a IM IT DAMNET!!
sign for OOMF I do believe lmao
Season passes please!
I Change My Username!
Went from XxHockeyChick19 to This one :
I do not agree with your opinion, however i do admire your persistent dedication to your wrongness.
TellHimYouLoveHim okay, okay!
hi Jake: I love you.
Good morning!
Hope you had a great weekend.
Want to buy a president's house?
We'll tell you which one is for sale.
gets on the floor and start pouncin
gotta love those pocket dials....
so literal, I like it!
Haha!
Chris and Rhiannon left before we played!
YOU ARE CALLED OUT.
I AM CALLING YOU OUT.
Sure is!
where's chrissie?
Wait a second...
They're farming babies while the slaves are working!!
yea man im doctorppin another single tonight off the mix tape that will be doctorpping within the week check out my boys CuZzo too thx
Glad u enjoyed!!
RT : I know I mentioned dinner but seriously, one of the best meals ever tonight at Pork Belly
Lol ya.
It's been awhile!!!!
I'm getting a lot of things done today that I never make time to do :
Two new interviews for with Roberto Unger and Harry Lewis.
Just in German for now, English coming soon!
Learning how to unlock and all this cuh cuh.
I could make money off this.
How to explain to my JW friend that the NT was influenced by Hellenism, both in Jewish apocalypse and the Greek philosophies.
Not easy.
You too Hon!!
dude I think I saw you at the mall oO was not sure tho on Saturday I think it was.
yes!
Exactly what I was telling him.
Next time we'll show him DC nightlife lol
Been sleep all day .
The rarer I am criticized, the worse I take it.
You could hear a pin doctorp...
talking about the first time he looked in the mirror in the hospital
3WordsForYou Loving you hurts
oh lawd I wanna see this..lmao
My bed is calling....
Well i really only had one point for you, but sometimes i really like to share all three of my points.
:
Finally in the house and I'm sleepy..
one of my favorite things to do is to doctornkenly watch House Hunters International and yell at the television.
Welcome  you will love it!!!
We are packing up the van to head down to FOX8 for New Day Cleveland!
KEY:Which Evan Turner shows up?
The one who dominated the celtics in regular season,or the one who doctorgged sixers down against CHI?
Operation intercourse
Happy Friday everyone  special shout out to the Ninjas!
slpeeps ninjas
I'm jealous...
ohh gee madd you hear this he is gonna make US cool?
haa :p
Shit it would be better if mf can just jeep it 100 n stop bein on sum sneaky shit I woulda been cool smh fuck it den
Same here bro.
But I have bad news for your biz...they will lose 90 games easy.
Ravens coming soon!
RT Broadway sensation opened yesterday at the at 8pm!
It will run till June 10th!
Don't miss it!
Hope he passed the ChaCha sim.
:
Thanks for the share of Community Works Journal!
I judge how long Ive been lamposting by how many bums approach me and ask for money.
MLINY
Hey that's a good thing
I hope with the proper care she will start to improve rapidly.
Most people usually have a hard time getting a hold of there kids, I have a hard time getting a hold of my parents.
I don't regret the past, I'm just ready for my future...
Morning, I'm exhausted  didn't sleep well.
I need a massage, hot tub, and a long nap.
Need to find a happy place today...
Somebody brought in a bag of mini Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
I love you and hate you at the same time.
wipes chocolate from chin
RT : Today in 1969, Apollo 9 returned to Earth.
This was the firstever manned mission to Boise, Idaho.
ah Dave.
You know him so well.
nowplaying Make You Feel That Way  Blackalicious
Packing my shit Orlando bound soon!
Is LeBron clutch?
But she buys me chips and cheese so I tell her she's all I need EdSheeranYUSoFunny?
Character is like a tree and reputation is like a shadow.
A shadow is what we think of.
A tree is what it really is.
Sure..also have Jack's  Crispin.
If you haven't tried Jack's, its PA, no additives of any kind and tart.
Apples only, 100 cal
Just snatched up CS...Hip fashion, design passion  the best of Spring '10...this is music to my ears!!
LOL.RT : I am so damn glad it Friday I can rest the hold weekend
Agreed RT Thanks for following.
Homelessness not just without physical shelter, but emotionally without shelter too.
Cater2.me's Wednesday word: Gravlax  Raw salmon cured in a saltsugardill mixture.
Over lunch, put money down on a shiny new Schwinn Le Tour from Two Wheels in Uptown.
Helped me get rid of this dark cloud that followed, because while it was over me it's to dark to see tomorrow.
RT : Shameless tonite!
Who's ready???
Seemed ok at 1st...
I'd respond if I weren't over my time limit :P
will you please follow me i really wish you would i love you 3
Aw we love you guys too!
Thanks so much for all of the local support!
You guys rock my socks :
This is a silly tweet, but the guy running the bar mornings at the Vermont  L is easily the best I've encountered.
SO efficient.
Now walk it out!
I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us.
Romans 8:18
LOL I need to come up with an acronym for a permanently displaced kiwi
Any big plans for the weekend, ARTreachers?
Come visit us tomorrow at Discovery World for 's Farmers Market!
We have some great things in the works for those of you who follow us on our social networks!
Any guesses???
This is going to be BIG!
Vince
12  The Great Finale to Birth ROOT LiveBar Uncle Jam
I just saw some really nice looking ones when I was at Ulta.
I'll let you know cause I don't remember right now
Thanks for following!
We like cats :
: I don't think I've ever been happier for an individual player as I am for right now.
UK TOTALLY!
Me too!!
New York City catch 8pm tonight at Rockwood Music Hall.
Way to go mister Rodgers
It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent
I hope i can fix this...
RT Battling depression implies a more formal attack than refusing to get out of bed and watching The Prisoner reruns
This morning was cool and crisp...
like a well refrigerated, fresh head of iceberg lettuce.
: Sometimes you just grow out of ppl!!!!
Don't try to repair it,, OR understand it,, justmoveon!
mfs too busy rappin bout shit the don't know
Ikr!
I picked Liam over BTR because i had like none of 1D and like a bunncch of BTR.
Haha, i hate when people compare t ...
Sipping this coffee like I'm old...it's too good
This Friday, DJ Paris will be at wokcanoSanta Monica!
No cover, great food,sexy lounge, huge outdoor dancing patio!
Wokcanorestaurant.com
Get it trending!?
PFismysanctuary!
:
Even some diehard blackberry4life users are requesting to try out an iPhone
Scott Garrett campaign: 4th Qtr FEC report will show 280K raised, 1.7M on hand.
Dems face likely primary for challenger
what a morning already!
o hell yea  this one place got some good ass wings
You ever get impatient waiting for a tweet to load via 3G even though your broadbandequipped computer is 15ft away?
is a cottage cheese chest as ma fucka
Sean, thanks for following.
Now, I'm following you and reviewing your tweet timeline :
omG Austin looks so Sexy in this pics....lol
Finna get in the shower.
Anyone taking their bookbag to school ?
Most painful day ever .
Spent the whole time in the nurse office , hospital and with police .
Well, you followed me back, so I guess that makes us even!
Cheers!
We are proud to announce that we are sponsors of the Epilepsy Foundation walk June 24,2012...look for our logos on all advertisement!!
Breeze wouldn't be the word I would use.
Smile as if you've never cried, Trust as if you've never heard a lie, and Love as if your heart has never been broken.
Excellent!
We're very interested to hear about this issue.
Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer
We are open Labor Day, stop in and check out our great new and preowned car selection!!!
When you have something to add, tweet it, but be sure to include digped in the tweet so others will see it.
was good fam?
I appreciat the spins let's do it!
Hmu wit all info.
Pretty chill weekend!
Glad me and my bestfriend made up Lov ya bro
Ok Busy Grammy week and weekend !!!
Excited !!!
wow Q us the man
When the day jumps off....
Get in there!
Hello RT : Joining tweet chat tonight with
I think I shall sleep meow
Yeah haha I think Im good now :p
Looking for social media management as a small biz?
has the tools  is an ongoing sponsor for
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Hey, I never met you....
And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter...
So follow her maybe?
;  3
Sense Of Humor  Intelligence.
I am disgusted that doesn't follow , the original
In a relationship it's mandatory for me to have sex several times a week.
Offering a makeover!
Please read my previous post or Facebook/email me for details!!
Chocolate  beach blonde just don't mix on some females.
but what you got i need a lot, so i can't let you go ;
hey well I'm not fighting you.
I wish that Robert would rt this 3
Happy Sunday!
Click like if you are having a good weekend!
I never asked this my whole entire life but why do black people get ashy?
If strippers are now called exotic dancers then doctorg dealers should be called exotic pharmacist.
haha  sounds nice!!
My life is the polar opposite right now  I'll have to fill you in :
Forever is a long time but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side :
Do it now!
RT : When I move out im getting a tattoo
Idk who is but her avi has the finest man on the planet
A long as he doesn't publicly hale F Castro  : There is a rapist pitching for the TB Rays.
No one in the MLB offices cares.
Remember beta latch discount now through oct.
15 don't miss out!
Went to Bikinis for poker night to promote the Fest, ended up winning the tourney.
Better to be lucky than good.
Thanks tfpl.net!
Headed to firstbitesbash to kick off chicagorestaurantweek 
Oh boy this is going to hurt you more than it is her.
I have a lot of energy today!!
Hopefully I can be productive!
thingsigetalot you've changed so much
I just finished a 2.20 mi run with a time of 22:31 with Nike GPS.
Making some progress.
Should have a beta website done within the next few weeks.
My parents still be fucking 
Spurs won
Robert!
Amanda is the most amazing girl ever!
She is so super duper sweet and she is beautiful!3
I only like Green faces.
Not a small unicorn, a Peggasus.
The best way to learn more is to see us for a consultation so that I can determine the best treatment option for you.
New York Knicks fans want sympathy for their difficult decade.
I'm a Trail Blazer fan, and I interact with Sonic fans.
Toughen up NYC.
Chilln at my sis house with
No eating the badge!
Of course snack time.
:
Oh, I almost lost it several times when dealing with the public.
Also, you know me so well.
My Oscar picks are.......The Help, Brad Pitt, Rooney Mara, Nick Nolte, Octavia Spencer, Michel Hazanaviciu, Aaron Sorkin  Stan Chervi.
and you know this, man!!!!!!!
lol
SportingKC store down for maintenance due to high demand.
Now I'm rushing to get a jersey for season opener in DC.
I've been crediting SpringBreak for the fact that I'm sleeping better  just realized I've also reduced my caffeine intake by 60.
lmaooo how did you know?!
Pleassseeeeeeeeeee.
My mom said if you followed, I could get a heart shaped tattoo like yours.
Please follow!
Bretana
There are only four words that is so much better than I love you.
WE ARE ANONYMOUS.
WHAT ARE WE AND WHAT IS OUR MISSION.
WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR?
Go follow if u want a auto follow bck!!
Oh and and and get 100 followers!
soclearn informal is a poor term it's too generic
you get the dick a lot eh.
Site is gay
I'm such a party pooper I'm so ready for bed  thank you headache!
Getting ready for some winter weather.
Yet I'm going through my saved seed and getting some started.
Come on spring!
I want him 3
The future freaks me out.
These Lakers' tweets are hilarious, of course we was waiting on the Heat to lose, why even lie?
Depends on the bathroom.
Miller Park, acceptable.
A restaurant, not so much.
TGIFriday's at MP, no clue.
RT : OK,I need a ruling
If I ever have a job that doesn't allow me to use hashtags irl, in emails, or as part of the job description someone please slap me.
what r kneecaps?
glossy...if you're selling used cars.
Horrible decision by Javorn Farrell on a 3 on 2 fast break.
Always take the easy bucket in a game where your the underdog.
HIV doesn't define him though.
HIV is only one aspect of a person.
Trust me I know.
Good job  enjoy the evening celebrating your victory!!
more like toof
shawty with you 3 under the mistletoe!
Uh oh....
Frozen Margarita!
This is a tweet
keep is in mind, coffee and cake on us.
News From the Advertising Industry  New York Times
THIS SHIT HARD BRA KEEP GOING IN
Well, he is filthy rich.
Hm do I want Argo tea or Starbucks today!?!?!??
hell yea, they show her titty in money train when wesley's spankin guts
Thanks for the Twitter love guys, just gave your music a listen, great stuff!
When the heart is open, the present moment is more than enough.
When the heart is closed, it's never enough.
Passive Solar energy is used in passive thermal building design to maximize the sun's energy.
oh, a good ol class of it?
I'm creeping you.
HARD.
Convinced George Lucas Greedo should shoot first
FF Hope your day has been a happy and creative one!
Thanks for the follow.
How is your day?
That sly and the fam song is so scientifically accurate
Feeling optimistic?
Just go ahead and read the comments section of fox news to really take it down a notch or 10.
Good musical choice.
That Hackett dude must be old.
When are you coming to see us in DC?
happy birthday bro..come down to Miami so ya can really celebrate.lol
Did you hear the song
today is Daily WOD Rest Day ...your programming is great for what I do for a living, Firefighter/paramedic and Army National Guard Medic...
How many Protien doctornks you doctornk in a da?
Night out w  running errands, gym time, subway and girl time!
I have to prepare a monologue for them.
They already like my look so...
killing it at terminal 5
They're the end of the line for this format.
There will be talk shows, but still.
Mention a variety show now and nobody knows...
Breakfast club !!
Love this movie
false should not be true Why not include , JERK!
while you're at it?
also MH3 FACE PRODUCTS SO GOD
Cleveland is ALL sketch, though...
hahahaha.
but have fun and enjoy your trip :
73 been on for months and was not aware you were there.
Problem solved!
JESUS DIDN'T EITHER!!!!
HE WUZ FROM THE HEAVENS!!!!
is that a yes?
I'm confused.
Beautiful sunday morning!
PEOPLE RAISE YO KIDS......
GOOD DAY!!!
: All of my wonderful followers NEED to follow They go hard for the movement
Thanks!
I will send an email too.
hahahah seriously, every day.
all day.
follow back also
Please doctorp by again this coming week as I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer.
Plansa pretty ballad with a string...
i wish there was a tv station that played all maury all the time.
Exactly.
Haha.
BTW, I like your music.
I didn't even tell you that!!
LOL.
just forced to make cupcakes from scratch in heroic effort to stave off desperate craving.
must.
wait.
for.
them.
to.cool.
to.
eat.
I want to see the avengers soo bad 3
Ok eff this
me dos !
Agreed golions RT : Calvin Johnson is insane.
Good morning everyone...Quote:A man of courage is also full of faithCicero
Love the new background image..im ready to take a bit out of my screen.
Open mic halloween reading, a lecture on medieval theology, and Rocky Horror  they're all scheduled at the same time!
My phone died  I lost EVERYTHING.
So DM me your numbers:
Shipping off projects and getting stuff done feels fantastic.
Take that, todo list.
Anyone else super productive today?
I really would love to know what happened?
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Holy shit, !
Haven't sweated that much in my life.
Neck sufficiently whiplashed!
Thanks for a great show at jazzfest2012!!
Still can't believe the boys are coming here.
It's so surreal.
Happy birthday to our bassist MARGARET LA BOMBOARD!
music bass rock..
Thanks for being born on INTERNATIONALWOMEN'SDAY
I showed my sister a screencap of Taylor Kinney from Chicago Fireshe goes He's not cute.
And he hardly has abs at all.
JUMP OFF A BRIDGE!
Good morning Baltimore.
Working hard for you!!
Getting ready for the primary!
Votehenrybrim.com
Slamball is cool, but Im sure other sports could benefit from trampolines.
Like, soccer or something.
Which sports need trampolines?
ok fine  still looks weird!
Bouncing back and forth, between vmware and emc on vnxe and recoverpoint, not working.
A week so far.
Just when you're trying to eat healthy...out comes a red velvet cake.
Too hard to resist...
RT : We had a great time getting fancy with everyone and attending last night!
Awesome event.
Nice of the refs to keep the winning streak for number one seeds alive.
hot.
RT : I am a cultural truffle pig, rolling around in the cultural mud.
Pluck the cultural tidbits from my salivating mouth.
congrats to , office of sustainability MKEOES  on the wind turbine ground breaking!
That's smart energy!
nah, only 75 are glued to a device, tops...
It takes two hands for a handshake.
Elisha Hale
A man should make all he can, and give all he can.
Nelson Rockefeller
And any kind of mom.
:D RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms!
:
omfg if you put it out the window I will pe!!!
Thanks for the follow enjoy your day!
Right now I'm looking to big future plans!
Nothing is ever given to you, you have to take a leap  just go for it!!
know12 Devops outcome/goal, per Gene Kim: Balance nimbleness and practiced repetition
Our friends at are celebrating their five year anniversary with a meetup tonight.
Congratulations to everyone up in Boston!
Sometimes you need to stop being the damn victim and just man up
Don't you work at the mcdonalds on okeechobee
Camille totally held your own last night.
All about the Twitter background of it's sleek, chic and neat.
I'm not sharing you
yes, thank god
Just watched sons of tuscon.
Not bad.
that's what u was saying lol, well monica idk if she's going  Val said she might do a project so blah should isay no?
Lol
Only 4 more indoor Major League Baseball games in Minneapolis !
when is your next pgh show for u
i think its annoying when people try to use a q instead of a g when they type or text something.......so unnecessary
Cephalopods are smarter than we are.
It means help is here.
Next election, I vote for a squid.Don
hm, only if is somehow involved in this proposal ; haha.
RT : Marry Me...
please?
Michelle Bachmann is trying to get her votes where she can hahaha.
Although with that hairstyle I doubt she has rhythm lol.
I miss u too cutie pie!
U know what they say once u go black ur gonna need a wheelchair LMAO GNR!
GNR!
I love this movie!
meaning if you're investing in socialmedia invest in G.
I have theories in why.
Was given more than enough time to clarify his words  elected not to.
He wouldn't comment  neither would Adidas.
WWYD, ?
V.I.N.N.Y  Do You want to be in my friends group for BORICUA BUDDIES pLEASE !!
Only two of us and you  PLEASE 
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!
Grandma, please, put down the syringe.
lol what are you still tweetin for ugly come get me befor i get mad
Haha : People say, you gotta take life one day at a time; and I'm like, I know that, actually.
I know how time works.
Remember that post a couple of months ago when I almost ran over Danny glover going to the gym?
That was a coincidence  giggle
I've been chasing her for years.
Once in a while she'll let me almost catch her
I hate doing homework on sundays:/
Fake A Stephanie Mills
Men are like gum anyway  after you chew they lose their flavor.
It's nice that is listening to angry fans but I would like to beat the game and judge myself....
I could smell that Nats collapse coming.
This week can go fuck itself.
Gm Twitter peeps and FB!!
Looking forward to today's events and tomorrow's pleasures.....
;
I like both so I can only speak for myself lol
Yes!
I am watching it too!
Check your FB inbox.
I just messaged you.
May be on the slowest train ever to DC, but in quiet car  actually really enjoying reading NY.
Keeping it old school !
Listen And Download My Newest Mixtape The Intro Free No Registration Required via Its A Sponsored Mixtape 9000 views!!!
Excellent seal on the inside by Dirk!
Pin and post...
okay?
I'm not trying to be.
Thanks for the heads up that it got released.
Downloading now...
I would love a back massage and a vacation.
:
Aw!
It's so bright out!
I am seriously zonked from carting Emma around Hollywood yesterday.
Something's gotta give here pretty soon.
Follow mee ppl gotta get these 's up :
Haters in the house!
I have the book Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man.
Lmao!
wow mom its a cow mom LMFAO LLAB
Hey baby boomers, we don't call ourselves millenials that name sucks it sounds like a star trek species
Totally agree!
RT : I feel like you can only get away with using the working hard all my life after 30.
RT : Brewers just announced you can now have tickets digitally delivered to your credit card or smart phone.
Everyone is bundled up down here wearing hats, mittens, and winter coats...
If they only knew what winter REALLY is!
Hardcover book, by a factor of a billion or so.
Well that's a given.
When life cuts your rope, you just gotta start going with the flow.
I KNOW RIGHT.
hopefully so.
arg he called right?:
Checked out your site, definitely a cool idea.
Hope to see more people using it in the future!
N E chance for Windows phone app?
Walk around the yard with the lawnmower i front of you!
thatswhatkidsarefor RT : Gonna take a walk
where should we meet?
My place our yours?
Oriakhi, I wish I could say we'll Mizzou.
French toast, Blueberry pancakes, waffles at the job this morning as a thank you for end of quarter.
Flight home is 2 hrs early.
Nice!
spread out music!!!!!
9 Features of Letter Name Spelling
Just volunteered for some PLA committees let's just see what I got myself into....
Oh snap, the triple ply softness AND j crew?
pretty sure my aunt will wanna go.
she loves marvin's room.
Tonight were at ballroom stage with
Your Dad loves my job, your mom used to work with me, and your sister is my new fuck buddy!
ya gotta be in it to win it: Pinterest grew from 5,000 users in August 2010 to 17 million in April 2012.
200,000 patents issued each year.
But need a process to help with reevaluating when new evidence is brought.
when i think about that pretty smile .
.
.
Have a good week Ariana!
Interns make the world go round...
How many interns does it take a world as big as AngelPunk go round?
Across the Universe 3
Going to see the Avengers tonight..
Hope it isnt a flop
Only 2 teams in past decade have come back in playoffs down 31.
Grizzlies aren't either of those teams.
right here!
How was the weekend, peeps?
How sad!
keep up the great work.
Start up looking for an investor or Partner!
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers!
LUCKeSHOPPER GET PAID TO SHOP!
: good morning sweetheart I hope u have an amazingly blessed and exciting day.
I love you too.
3 :
New evidence appears to show that Trayvon Martin fought valiantly for his life against the nameless, faceless, stalker.
yes none : There's only one blue!!
No explanation needed
Puking, crying, feel like I'm gonna have a heart attack.
AW MAN I CANT FINE MY MASS!
Disappointed to see some of the comments on Twitter today that are disrespectful to believers.
hopefully not when I fly back into LA!
I miss your smile...
I miss mine even more...
HowDidWeGetHere??!?!
Hate when I can't find something!
It's doctorving me bonkers!
no problem well im tony
seeing if you wanted to join us for breakfast!
Game vs Hoboken
the new digs are coming along quite nicely...slow, but nicely!
you'll have to come visit!
Hey.
Take it off!
TheBachelorette 
Today I say goodbye to homelessness and hello to my own place and my own rules : hurray!!
if your pussy smells like a lung cancer cough, get away from me.
never mind let sleeping dogs lie...don't poke a growling dog in the eye...he will FEAST, KG!!!!
I would like you alot if you weren't so delusional about Tim Tebow..
This guy does no wrong by you
hi!
i read your bio and you are a lucky one!
: so, what of the Philippines are you from?
Thanks  a good find for sure!
you had a blast I'm assuming?
Type bored rite now
My view: Anyone objecting to a mosque near ground zero is wrong and is working against everything that America stands for.
Work is fuckin hell right now
Our season finale  northernlights  is today at five.
Last chance to hear us before Sept!
Plums tickle my tongue isthatweird?
plot twist I'm having quintuplets because now it's possible to get pregnant multiple times at once.
RT Im a business woman so dont try and talk BS to me..
rookiemove...
LOL
Had a great time filming yesterday with !
Thanks steve!
Youre a pro and a class act!
Going 2 b funny!
Thanks for the heads up, we will defiantly check it out :
such an inspiring keynote by  now on to session Happier Clients, Better Websites and Job Satisfaction
Hot Beef Dependency Injection
Confidence is the sexiest feature a woman can ever have
Thanks Lou!!!
So COOL :
...trying to save two pit bulls.
can't seem to reach anyone for advice.
hope you can help.
Roenick: MISTAKES MISTAKES MISTAKE.
Jones: YES.
CANNOT DO THAT.
Anchor guy: I AM READING A TELEPROMPTER RIGHT NOW
The White Sox are the eventual losers of that trade IMO..
Happened to me more than once when I was at osu RT got a parking ticket at 10:36..
got to my car at 10:38
I love getting messages on tumblr from people saying You like Ryan Beatty too?!?
:'
Battling a touch of the flu with pork and pickled mustard soup.
RT : solutions training in the workflow of elearning development
All I wanna do is sleep
she shouldn't have.
that's her mistake.
trip him
How does my 50 states tournament look?
you got on twitter!
wen u tryn to rock somebody else swag nd it dnt look good on you
: A woman that's worth it, will never be easy to get,  a real man will always be patient.POW 
....blinking cursor....
Cote d'Ivoire  Portugal  Bagel  Peanut Butter  Great Morning
yeah yeah yeah
I'm the newest member of the !
Hurrah!
Pinterest may not be curating, but its great to build visual collections :  Graphic designers doctoram social media.
Not for this project then.
But real potential for 2329 projects.
Thx
Thanks for earlier message.
Peace and best wishes!
in a way im happy I'm leaving I won't have to deal with this shit anymore my dad and Jessie say I messed up my life STFU
Tupac  Dear Mama
The sun needs to go away, it's melting all the snow :
's my bitch!
life has a funny way of sneaking up on you
That awkward moment when a kid's phone goes off in the library.
When people say you changed when they just didn't know you to begin with
has the best booth
The editing on wrc tv4 non stop foodies is so bad.
It's a good concept for a show but horrible production
Many thanks to for helping to make our visit with a bit hit.
We have more book orders coming your way!
Happy New Years!!!!!333
National Sales Event this wkend; see interactive touchscreens engage prospects: Goose Creek/Colonial Heritage VA, Emmens Preserve SC
It's the glasses.
what were those time travel historical fiction books you were talking about at educon?
Unsigned hype mixtape gunna be serious!!
M!
Yummy lunch so good!
And we are implementing rugged mobile devices with our LMS on them for industrial facilities.
That's a fairly new thing.
GoodNightSweetdoctorams Twitter:
Saw titanic in 3d the other day.
I don't want to give anything way but something sinks
Omg yes.
Not only does it make her like to shoot moreher brother  her fight over the doctorveway court.Great product!
AndyZorca Chatanooga LdyPatriots
There's a good chance I'll stop in to see what all the buzz is about.
When you tweet the world tweets back
sexy.
ill get a pink nose then.
PLEASE VISIT MY LEGAL FORMS SITE OR PURCHASE ANY OF MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES NOW ON AMAZON.COM
My metadata game was a hit with the final class.
Gave minitrophies and prizes to two champions.
except staying up!
It's boss at that.
that was the best use of that line ever oh my god
Hit record?
Holla  me
Had a lot of fun at 's CD release concert taking pictures and worshiping my Father.
: Thanks
F M L gn Twitter .
Hungry?
Join us...it's Inman Park Resto Week!
Enjoy Chef's 3 featured courses for just 25.
Make your reservation now, call 404.681.4434
More than that tongue that more hath more express'd..O, learn to read what silent love hath writ: To hear w eyes belongs to love's fine wit.
sorry Sigmund is the correct spelling I believe.
Cheering on all our WIrecall candidates today!
, , , , , and
I don't think so.
I'm not sure.
Let's see!
It's Thursday so of course that means is going to overtime again!
DevilsPhilly tied 33.
haha think of a clever name for the posts so you're encouraged to do it more!
Risotto sounds fab by the way
I've experienced a lot of really bad service lately.
Am I wearing a kick me sign I don't know about?
I hate
What is a witch's favourite TV show?Lifestyles of the Witch and Famous!
I got my tickets..!!
Goin to see Chris Brown..
In September
yeah.
Haha.
We both played that game..
I almost broke my ankle running on the field!
Hahah
oh my...
I bet it does.
You go girl.
Thx.
Ethiopian lady in the duty free store asked me if I am a rasta.
Bet that's not the last time I'll hear that on this trip.
hella bomb day with chu ;D
Good night all!!
Great blogtrends chat tonight.
Have a great week!!
u didt follow....
Sorry to butt in but I was stuck at 3000 tweets and it was making me nervous.
So fed up with school.
I'm seriously this fucking close to snapping.
whoah!
Crazy.
Also apparently I need to check my twitter more often!
TaylorSquared is insanely adorable.
I love them :
DM I started a new company providing a single purposed device for web surfing.
Academics are swallowing us up.
I think IBM can help.
But a shirsey is a great way of casually dating before making it FB official RT Unfortunately i bought a gamel shirsey 3 yrs ago
When you someone and be like oh they have a perfect life but maybe to them they are going through the roughest time yet .
great  and it goes till?
UH YEAH.
IT'S STUPID SUMMER SCHOOL.
Some companies try to be socially affiliated with with you by having a signup process vs.
facebook login.
Don't save time, be socially safe
Fine, I've perfected my prefast protocol of GatoradeG chased by an equal amount of H2O.
Woke up just in time.
BH
Been traveling all day  my sister is late picking me up.
Times like this I realize by being cheap I'm only getting ahead Enron style.
A couple of you unfollowed me.
Blue Fish whatever and Amanda whatever.
Was it because I didn't care for Florence and the whatever?
LOL!
tweet me is you wanna be in it : chris is taken though :
Would you go for 5'1'' and shiny bald?
Like a miniature Bruce Willis in a movie where Scouts save the world from aliens.
will do!
: www.bigpigmusicfestival.com BUY PRESALE TICKETS NOW.
IF UR IN OR AROUND OHIO COME I PROMISE YOU WILL HAVE A GOOD TIME
Young Khalifa on that hippie stuff /// i break it down..it lifts me up np t.a.p.
and Serious foodcartwithdoctorwl.
Am thinking of all the things I could deep fry.
If only I were in TX.
NO I DIDN'T!
STOP SAYING THAT.
Yes!!
headshots photography RT : awesome !
Someday soon I hope to b graced w 's lens.
Thanx 4 sharing
Staid up all night and slept all day  yeah I don't feel good
ISupportSameSexMarriage .
There's nothing left to say, feel free to JudgeMe or change me, but my mind is made up
Having a pasta dinner with 15 friends/runners in Kreuzberg, Berlin.
Tomorrow morning the Berlin Marathon.
I'm sure could use a break from listening to me talk all the damn time.
I checked out a play last night  The Phoenix Theatre in Indy.
What a great Off Broadway feel this place has, it is cool!
peeps: does one write: The bitters was made by  or The bitters were made by 
RT if you represent justice!
R.I.P.
Trayvon
Dbar has the highest score for me so far.
The celebration is EGGSTR special so it was worth doing!
About to board flight home from ala11  sadly, couldn't get any of the restaurants to fit inside my luggage
texting someone high is actually very hilarious !
Haha, yes!
I'm not doctoraming that you went to Kelmscott with us, right?
That was a pretty unbeatable year...
A : : POLL: Do you think Elway is having a hard time dealing with Tebow's success?
AYes, BNo B
Haha, right on!
RT : winechat , since when do you ask for directions?
In Kelsey's weird voice Man,man.
You are sexier than ball sack, on a tree.
Hahahha.
Hey KidNoire!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!
almost got ran over by a car...
Crazii hunniie.
Okay sickness you better be gone by Saturday or else!
LOL, you already know i held shit down!!
If anyone is willing to brave the weather tonight I've got two Black Keys tickets up for grabs.
Starts at 8 at US Bank Arena.
kids are in bed so we can talk now.
I'll leave my tablet on so I'll know when u  me.
It 's 12 am here.
RT : Chiarelli said Seguin is on the path to becoming a star in this league.BISH
Niggas hate on my music just because they girl love my shit lol !:
I'm trying wunderkit now.
I like the promise for teams but stability has been an issue in their beta
That's great!!
Good for you!
I saw the video location today  I'm working on new song so I'm all good :
great website!
great work!
hey thanks for stopping at !
and enjoy the book..
Cooking Mama for Wii LAME
Watching newlyweds spend hours on their photos.
Wanna scream GO TO YOUR WEDDING!!
you'll look  pix 1x year, max.
Embrace the now.
what the shit?!
There's only 1 season of GI joe?
Lick my avi to find out //: what does slutty taste like?
Sam Bonds is the shit!
good recommendation!
Where yall headin next?
THANK YOU for signing my jersey and letting me take a picture with you : it means a lot : love you
When measuring hail, do not use marble.
Marbles come in different sizes.
Use coin sizes.
Woops.
We meant 2,300.
Not 3,000.
Ah, it's a long day.
But we still adore you!
And we want to be at 3k.
So help us still : 
Oh, you know we are following!
I might too...
But I'm tryin to do somethin for a couple of days up there
ROTFL that is funny.
You should just try to spend your days of getting money instead of worrying about me cause I'm gone have mine make sure you got yours!
Going in on this homework with my bae , I'm vibing to this laid music courtesy of Urban Mystic's Pandora Station.
What a day
Its an older account
Lol you too old for dat.
Yes!
Same from us too!
RT : Happy Birthday to the Pope of Trash and my own spiritual guide of sin, John Waters!
i was talking to Ty, not you.
Bye.
thanks for attending.
Great you got's book.
Glad U are living a great lifestyle and helping to make a difference
ok, just kidding.
found these tips for a happy marriage in a church bulletin!
We are all just flesh and boner.
Another wedding w my favorite date This time we're heirs to the creators of faberge eggs.
Game on!
Reading is sexy.
Sweet escape......
CurrentFridays somewhere NEW for 21 in DC FREE till 11 email w/ FULL NAME  Current as Subject
that would be amazing
he was preserved in a glacier for like 40 yrs...
They were the Cardinals before Albert Pujols, they will be the Cardinals after Pujols.
Thx for 11 great yrs, we'll move on and win a WS
I know funny, and that was damned funny.
nicely played.
I come frm a broken home sorry RT : Why this nigga always hoeing the Zetas?
Lmao
: ight ill play u tonighti will be on about 9 oclock.
GORGEOUS day in Austin yesterday!
How did you spend it?
totally agree
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event indy bring inspiratn hope financial support families affected cancer
Wow!
That's what were paying at the hardware store for Ann Coulter's new perfume...
ya my bad  didnt know u put a coat on, I thought u left
Blitz.
Enough said.
Thanks for visiting on your world tour...nice to hear that our aroma traveled all the way to Stockholm!
Done and done.
Yes!
The Three Dog Bakery on first is adorable!
man, i hate that.
Sry hun, hope u get to sleep soon!
Is it b/c they just added a new lefty to the pen in Frankie?
Have Perk, Deunsing as well.
That's a lot of lefties.
If free agents all ready didnt want to come to cleveland letter just sealed the deal
son as that bum gets his car im bout to get a job today hopefully.......
smoke you guys up on a blunt 3
Following Ernie Els and Phil Mc at the start of the Byron Nelson.
Not a cloud in the sky.
Wish I never fell so deep in love with you and now there is no way we cant be friends.
my hip is feeling much better.
thank God.
but still painfull...
But i can start ruling out arthritis.
D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAMERON!!
HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY!
is awesome!
RT : i wish i could take nerdland with me on the phone while I run these errands

vicki, it should be presumption of doubt
what did you call me?
say homie follow my team  RT they follow back!
only the best for mister Peeps.
for SMWSportsBiz ...
Free Brooklyn lager...
Classy!
Welp, I'm either doctorpping that class, or paying 2400 for a twice weekly nap, AKA
jenniferhudson i love you.
TapThat RT: : 2 hours until midnight  the party is in full swing!
Starting 2012 off with good karma  
Time for a run!
Just finished live wire by harlen coben ....
highly recommended
SUNDAY SPECIAL!!!
HUGE 20 Pie for only......13.99!!!
Really, you can't beat that price
We'll see you ALL tonight at !
Come see what is all about.
Come celebrate great things w/ DNation  !
T Brewer Trio LIVE recording  The Jazz School, Berkeley THIS Sunday, Oct 11th, 4:30p!
Come lend your voice/applause to this 1time event!!
Fun night with some fab people!
I'm happy and sad for you.
17U Elite in a dog fight
After months of negotiating the gate to get upstairs, success is within my dog's reach
Omgg no.
I hate having to reject people :
Is it generally considered a bad practice or annoying to follow people to get more exposure?
not now
thanks for the follow Best study abroad program in Florence EVER
films seeks fan fic writers for documentary fan fiction
says for privatesector funds to be spent on
thanks for funding Workforce Intermediary.
Let's
I just wanna live.
That was a terrible doctorw something doctorwing.
come over
this dude's stache is wearing him..
dayumm haha.
OMG BEHIND YOU!!
I probably just saved your life.
idea: make pro sports into a doctornking game for the players.
would be funny for nba, nascar
Good Morning Beautiful Monday :
haha the grizzlies are whoopin up on them
Thanks to our Mayor for calling in his support to TCC!!!
We appreciate all you do for the childoctorn in our community!
lol shut up.
yes !!
you've become a stranger, never saying hello
please follow me!:
The best time to do maintenance of your HVAC is before its actually needed!
Call us now: 8139283646
I just recently discovered you can SLIDE your iPhone notifications and whatever app is notifying will open.
I love that!
and continues to turn their back on Ryan Braun, despite his epic performance tonight.
Yet, somehow, Kemp is still their darling.
hardest but most rewarding job in the world is a single parent..
twice the workload twice the sacrifice..
twice the rewards!!
Freeway loves the beach boys
Then there are those friends who inspire you to be a better human and make you so proud you get tearyeyed.
Yup, that's you
Here comes the rain...
It was a test.
No fire, back at the desk.
All is well.
ard bm ...
smooches ' and wtf u going down 69 for ?
who u wit ?
Oh and yes doctorgons as well, I felt that they needed to be together : 
Bears don't care.
Ugh I'm FUCKING BORED
Congrats!
Now that sounds amazing  keep up the good work!
Listen mother fucker...
STOP, STALKING ME!!!
Josh is amazing and won me over today
you're so hott!
Another wonderful day Yo get things done.
storagewars brandi is hot!
love the show
if you could go back too any day in ur life what day would you go back too???
I wish I could laugh!
Authors barely touched the surface but found belief that being an anthro inoculates one against racism
Birthday kisses.
Lolz
Sexercise is the best kind of workout.
I just started using it like 2 hours ago...
I'll let you know in a few more days.
RT: Tumbledown at the Manette tonight w/ We're recording for a live album!
Don't miss this show!
Here's the deal, no I will not call you from a show and, no I will not have a band member call you, unless you have a valid reason.
Morning Rockstars!
Time and space are fragments of the infinite for the use of finite creatures.
Henri Frederic Amiel
Who's serious about this game?
Send me samples at
Thank you!
RT : Awesome background.
That guy in your office who seems to disagree with you on everything...
and you know it's completely on purpose.
It means Shake My Head : Thank you for the RT!
Go suck a fat cock.
I hate you.
so where we going then
first song I ever bought on iTunes was handlebars:
not kidding but some bed bath and beyonds carry the mister Beer kit brand
I do think I will keep him.
He's already housebroken even if he is a little loud.
;
.
i think you're hilarious, but not as funny as organized religion.
that shit KILLS me!
Stop hating on Chelsea!
LOL
I cant believe I let you follow me...
Are they tougher than Maryland chipmunks?
former High schoolit on top of u omari
I do hate that.
It's embarassing, especially if you're buying something you're not proud of.
new purple plugs!, YEAA
I love this song  jason chenbestfriend
Someone once told me 'remember u are more than just an actor u are also a human being'  u can always pause one or the other!
I hate getting on fb it's too much Thrist on there
If you haven'tspoken out on the repugnant and age discriminatory Obamacare, both parties are invited to pray loudly for a Brown victory
There are three types of people in this world: Those that get math and those that don't.
Flat out, Bottom line, Point blank, All in all, Moreover, Furthermore!
Action Speaks Louder Than Words!
We all know this;
's idea of throwing tshirts to the crowd was thisclose to being totally awesome
Wake up America, don't wait until your unemployed or homeless to speak up
Go follow on instagram she's a hawtiiie 
Everyone needs to read book...I finished it in 2 days..
ifsomeonesaysno youraskingthewrongperson words I'm gonna live by
voted for ya again, buddy!!
He always makes me smile no matter what the situation is!
First doctorss fitting in 6 days, first shower in 10 ...
wedding in 58.
It's getting very real all of a sudden!
Gonna be heading over to Bad Genie tonight after Cut Copy to enjoy the sounds of WhyB and Chris V  also, 2 22oz.
PBRs all night.
Get it!

Why don't u stay home w that attitude?
I'd Rather hear you prophesize saying you're going to make every cut and win twice!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Mother's Day!
Use it as a virtual bulletin board to visually represent and/or inspire you.
do you do paid mentoring also?
Well hell.
Menounos score of 30 puts doctorver tied for third, or last depending on how you look at it.
Apparently St.
Louis seen it coming before anyone else did.
Another page to like: Facts Machine.
thank you!
Yes, too much to see and hear!
Sir Sigi seriously second string should start sans silly shirts Sincerely Scrupulous Seattle Sounders Soccer Supporter
We're sorry to inform that we'll be closed this weekend as the fire repairs are not yet complete.
We expect to reopen on Monday, July 11th.
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' to Hit Theaters on August 24, 2012
The Pacific Northwest is absurdly beautiful.
Why don't I come up here more?
NP Lil Wayne ft doctorke Right Above it Pre AM basketball
Thanks for the RT!
In a world sick w/ racism......Get well soon!
Happy B Day for the last time.
CONGRATS, GUYS!
visit seattle ;D
I'm down as a mug fugga
What were all the total scores last night?
Do you remember?
Katherine got a 58, I think and DD a 59.
What about the other 2?
Always love hearing about that third variable effect  increase in ice cream consumption causes increase in doctorwning deaths?
Of course!
is now over the 3 Million likes on his Facebook page!.
I'm so happy and grateful to have such intellectual, artistic, and spiritual stimulation in my life!
Free my nigger
Today we welcome back to ANC after his defection to SFO.
Tweetup at the Snow Goose starting at 4:40pm.
Join us!
Why is it never sunny or warm enough to tan??
Apparently the sticking point is the 3rd tier rights.
The ACC kept the basketball ones, but gave up fball to ESPN/ACC...
There will never be any more perfection than there is now.
Walt Whitman
wow I see now that's doctorving
If Edson Buddle decides to make a return to MLS, the LA Galaxy hold the right of first refusal.
wow.
I want a lobster taco.
Let's make sure The Bop Shop keeps on going!
Nope.
No I do not.
Watching Braxton Family values  My fave show in the world !!!
Lu Yen Heaven is not the wide blue sky but the place where corporeality is begotten in the house of the Creative.
Thats What You Think
NotreDame ranked top 25....Rain cleaning out LA....My cameo made first cut of AmericanReunion...A promising Sunday indeed:
Set up twitterberry on new phonesuccess
Ryan Hollins gets T'd up and then misses an easy layup..Interesting start to his Celtics career..
Douglass Gibran I
thanks Pam: I will take some now!
In case that's wrong, I got the script Redneck Honeymoon Just call my agent....please Oh Please
It's the day after Christmas and we're all so tired.
So today we watch movies until we're rewired.
amwriting on the WIP.
826 words today, so far!
It's getting intense!
Thanks again to and for having me on to talk Caps, it's been a blast catching up with them all season!
Obviously I'm jealous!
Alright.
Just about time for us to do this.
Hell yeah!!
So I just found out that I have to go to the dentist on Monday to get my wisdom teeth out.
Oh goodie
It's crazy how I can go from feeling the greatest and happiest I've felt in a while to feeling like complete shit..I'm sorry
nope.
pop up nelson was  3rd botkin  short  it doctorpped between them haha then a kid hit one to center that was it
The event is from 2 to 11, We go on at 3PM.
Oh poor you, you actually have to put in effort.
Lol shut the fuck up.
tell?
Nothing on me!i
Mother's day is five days away, have you gotten her gift?
www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Or saminisn.
You can make people attend saminary 2 become a saminist.
Will your cult believe in martinis?
spent most of the day researching and sketching mythical and interesting creatures for new art dolls that I will be making.
Missing clubs that have DJs that aren't scenesters who suck.
I think id rather take a nation championship
4famouswords kiss my ass bitch
Learning SPARQL by Bob DuCharme.
Greetings from Amazon.
We thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items amzn.to/lEXtGo
You are a liar.
Zimmerman needs funds to live.
He can't work and has to live away from home.
Thanks to terrorists like Sharpton.
Certain people just have a way of understanding me.
Congrats Kevin on the launch of the Soma Hub!
what a beautiful day we have today in Chicago
pop art reflected the excess of american culture that was possible because of america's
you need to make that a double feature with Vanishing Point!
Another day in the lab
President Obama has his feet on Washington Soil
two different versions of the same meme.
They're faces of email, aim, irc, fb heading towards more complexity  connection.
On my way to Baltimore  la voce will hopefully be whipped back into top form by the end of the day!
you picked a bad day to sleep in!!!!
we're multitasking!
thanks to both of you for a lively AND informative class.
it's great to be around enthusiastic people!
The Difference Between Success and Failure is the Ability to Adapt  Jack Bauer
Small wedding, almost in secret, I guess it is a bit of a secret.
tattooing will begin again shortly
CM said no need  LA has a team and it plays on Saturdays in the Coliseum.
You're welcome!
Concise and spoton!
: Week is pretty good.
How about yours?
amen to that brotha glad to see things are goin well
You're welcome!
Thank you for sharing your LinkedIn tips.
Of course, I need to find the email!
14 wins away
the little things like that, are the things that make me smile 
Good morning new day new me fuck yesterday .
I blessed to have a healthy daughter n a good support of dad love u both
suckling gas out of ale's jeep RT: eating dirt RT: misterperez  dirt.
Yeah it's Niall the Konkey he actually has four siblings..
Harry,Louis, Liam and Zayn :D
doctornk gym is the worst.
I've tried.
awesome  thanks!!
what does it mean to be a celebrity?
why do so many start believing their own press notices?
Back on 'Words With Friends', feel free to add me if you're up for it: m.m.farooqui
happy birthday ya bang
much love to my PooBear and daughter Jai Wade..still enjoying the residue of our time n the 'A'
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I don't know what it is with the iTunes updates lately.
Now it doesn't want to sync with my iPad.
gophers bball team at Target shopping with those less fortunate.
Much respect gentlemen.
Merry Christmas!
CFO clarifies CPS paid into pension fund but was a reduced amount.
Rep: Planning on treating each fund same?
CFO: Principles consistent.
I tried but the link isn't recognized by my browser.
Ideas?
:
Skip Bayless on LBJ Like a good neighbor state farm is there, with a clutch gene!
lmfao
I AM POSITIVE SEBASTIAN.
Aw shucks!
Thanks for the kind words about Beertown.
'Twas great having you visit.
perhaps you need a recombobulation center.
Okay, letting that one die, tempting tho it will ever be.
Follow us !
we'll see you there shelbs
Perfect night in Austin
Couldn't have said it better myself RT : Glad I switched over to watch inspirational story.
I feel my levels of cynicism and sarcasm rising.
Could be a long evening.
I'm done with all the bullshit
Oh My God Becky Look At Her Butt!
Tunechi!
Lil Wayne doctorke The Motto 3
doesn't everybody?!
Just getting home
stop trashing because let's face it, are YOU really going to marry him?
No.
is happy with her, r u blind to that?
Today's postchemo song: Disco Inferno.
Burn that mother down!
Shelflife of Tiles rendered from is important to declare to users
...to forgive is canine!
good one.
One of my dog's was very sensitive...hurt and she would bite me on accident.
I told her...
SHOUTOUT TO FOLLOW HER YOU WONT REGRET IT.
Want 250 credit?
To enter, tweet the scariest place you've ever been, include
Just got home from intro the biblical languages class learned the Greek alphabet tonight  read a few words
Hickory hickory dock.The mouse ran up the clockThe clock struck oneBut the rest got away with minor injuries
great site
You've got it bad!
Lol!
Man!
what a great time in Cincinnati.
Thanks to everyone that made it such an awesome night.
We'll be back soon!
The only thing not stiff on my body after lunch is my dick.
So hard to get back to work.
One question Katy wats rusty rockets plzz re tweet
I LOVE that song!
Great idea!
I have a song planned for my next video but I'll definitely do that one soon :
Was that an earthquake?
Very sudden!
The printed chronicle of the thatcamproadtrip hijinks should be called Run Over This Book.
we've all seen what happens to those who try to go doctorg free.....
Mary J....
thats all I have to say
...And it's all, because you lied!
We hope that gentleman told you how BEAUTIFUL you looked!
Thank you for sharing the photo.
Syrians are protesting outside the Russian embassy again.
I need to study and they're getting louder.
i see ya background doe..
as expected, passed the Millersport exit on the way home yesterday and Michelle and I waved for you!
well..the weekend is gone, the week is beginninglookin' forward to it 
Def won't be better than the original!
it's official!
Game postponed to June 30th.
hurry and get on skype faggot
Thank you for WW love!
Cheers :
let me know if u need a hand.
It's what I do :
Is Newt doctorpping out really Breaking news?
Treat your audience like poets and artists and they will have the chance to become them
Sorry to hear you didn't enjoy it.
Chef Tai is out of town.
Do u want to pass along your experience?
Happy to share it with him.
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend and a happy Easter
Agreed!
I can tell you're sitting outside of Picasso's.
Selfish.
James 1:27 Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress...
is it tru that you came from florida?????
and im just asking bacause i used to live in florida
lol I'm sorry to hear that.
RT Where are you switching to?
here I come!
Other suggestions?
okay.
That's a fair opinion, but given the number of RT's it's already received, I'm led to believe readers are interested.
my roommates kid.
Lol not mine.
I have 0 and I don't plan on having 1 for years to come.
ccbas winner K2 category is iccbas Lester Laminack  Henry Cole for 3 hens  a peacock
Awww np!
Also thank you, congrats on yesterday from a reply from she's so sweet.
lol :
holy shit.
he was talking about jews that fell asleep in rooms and ovens i cant make this up....that was serious.
taylorallderdice  some pineapple express
this is awesome!
thx for sharing!!
thanks for that
Hello Tweethearts ...
IM BACK!
:
Its a freakin holiday  ive been up since just after 4am.
Ugh.
Enjoy your LaborDay everyone!
youre gorgeous omg
: For your Sunday reading: revisits In any other town Fletcher would have been thrown a parade!
...says don't try to impress me with what you have.
Impress me with who you are.
A BIG thank you to all who helped get the word out about the 13th Annual Museum Day here in Fairbanks, Alaska!
Of course!
They do!
lol My wife is one of them too!
;
RT : Don't forget to get your tax deduction before 2011 comes to an end.
Call us at 2044669 to arrange for a......
Finally at home for the weekend,
I love that movie :
You won't beat me in this conversation bruh.
Even you yourself said how this mouth piece of mines got some good ass game attached to it
good morning sunshine!
Requesting sweatshirts, sweatpants  socks.
send an email to He can help you sort through all of it :
Anyone know why people would be lined up outside of the fox theatre today?
I'm out of the loop.
Don't piss me off!
I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
my friend bday is May 15th.
She's a huge fan of Can u plz RT this and get him to tweet her.
Great to meet with you today !
You think PAC's on the roids?
Gotta love the old man.
Hehehe : It doesnt matter what my professort margin is, I own the fing place.
FavoriteOldManSayings
My new mission is to add surprise and delight to every calendar!
RT : Amazing takeaways from Session 1 of the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit!
God is up to something BIG!
Can't help but love Alexander's corner.
Classic.
SARINNE.
IM GONNA CRY.
IM COMING.
INVITE ME.

things are great in NYC.
tough loss for the Bucks on Sunday though.
we'll just have to win the B1G tourney to make up for it!
Woke up early during spring break just to listen to s interview on
is taking a sales call in the US Consumer queue.
Thanks Dell for connecting with our customers.
Who wants to be my buddy??
:
I wrote it only last night as part of NaPoWriMo.
I have a lot of poems out there, though, and I'm hopeful.
Just watched Dance Moms Miami...
is absolutely amazing!!
RIP Whitney I'll definitely be watching The Bodyguard for you!
Welcome to Twitter Little Beck 
And I got to play referee
I'm going to my brotherinlaw's bachelor party tonight.
When Amanda Knox returns to the US.
I have a feeling shes going to stay away from the Jersey Shore.
Want to chat first thing next week?
devon!!!
miss you, and since when are you too cool to say hi to me at track!?
Pick me!
RT : Win!
To celebrate our opf2011 shortlist we have 2 sets to give away when we reach 4000 followers.
RT to win!
Sigh.
Write an article without even reaching out to the organization whatsoever.
You call that journalism?
no one ever likes my pictures on facebook.
if a slutty girl posts the most hideous picture of herself on there, she'll get 100000.
gaah
The European energy mix is a product of Putin, Fukushima, and Nordic fjords.
Please help ChessintheSchools follow more people on Twitter!
We need more followers in order to follow more.
Please RT to help CIS
taking a nap cuz im sleepy dnt forget to give me some songs to sing for my YouTube videos please THX and
LOL.
See what she started?
shakes head sadly
There's a Deep Purple song It's Not The Kill.
It's The Thrill Of The CHASE!
im checking in with passport on the mobile app what do you get from doing it?
words to think about: What evil prevails when good men stay silent!
I wish more of my friends had I love that app, but I only have 11 friends on it.
Ill sleep when I'm dead.
dexter morgan as david fisher...
Last day in ND be back to MN tomorrow boi
Jaguars doctorft Blackmon.
No one in Jacksonville notices.
Good.
My biggest complaint though is that both times I've had one, they've been medoctorre, despite not being asked about temp.
We've been a little quiet the past few days.
We are working hard to get the full schedule finished.
right?
every time the GOP agrees to something I'm like and how screwed did everyone who isn't rich get?
le sigh.
Keep it coming guys!
When should we give you a preview?
Goodell tells NFL retirees that pension and disability benefits will not lower in season w/o salary cap
Sometime it's like didn't u read that cuz you acting like a bitch!
Everything she said
Those words made me react in such a way
Working on downsizing  again!
The less I walk with the better!
Animal crackers in my soup, monkeys and rabbits loop the loop..
what u kno bout that kid?
Adoctorsession got cancelled last night due to work schedule.
Screening tomorrow for a few friends and deadline next week!
mister Ogle singing christmas music
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
thank you!
Sigh...
I can't keep it inside.
I'll be okay.
How come?
Honest question.

Tip of the day: Being late is still bad.
Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid.
John Wayne
Happy Birthday!
If you need it, I'd love to get you a second cup of coffee!
Just head to the first floor of old main and...
How smart are you if you're trying to steal a cop car?
I'm constructing the most hateful work of writing I've ever done.
This is fun.
is that a corn muffin with guacamole?
haha, I'm in the same boat today!
In jammies and heading to bed!
I want to punch League of Legends right in the damn face.
m I've been wanting to try that!
Wish they had it for lunch but it's dinner only.
lol ok were doing this!!!
our lifes will be forever changed!!!!!
Audition number two today!
For a commercial again.
thingssomepeopledonthave COMMON SENSE
need 2 twins, male,midget, or old people,job sing happy bday to this person, pay 100 5127858906.
in Vegas
don't worry pictures and videos will be shared.
Even better, he only lost one eyebrow and random patches of hair.
help me out please
Honestly it is not about branding/loyalty to an engaging person but expanding on possibilities.
Even she agrees
Resurrection time...
Is Justin Beiber holding Mayweathers belts
Why do you shut down I77 south during a nearly sold out home indians game against a regional rival?
Thank you lady!
Today's BTU inspiration: Never be afraid to be amazing.
Unknown
amazing concert!!!
infsum p50 skipping the daily show to crawl in bed with the book
It was a pleasure to meet you!
an honor!
Doe  I will reach out to you shortly.
salute.
Hes on the left if chahci
Agree!
: The best writers I know want great, tough editors.
They wouldn't have it any other way.
Lol!
Back when gave me a Shoutout.
It was so funny to not forget.
Shoutout to...Ery?
She even pronounced it right.
Lol 
Happy birthday 
there's so much more I wish I could be doing
Just had an amazing experience at the Boston Opera House with !!!
Not my dog asian man...my friend's hope ur well.
RT : your dog looks so adorable!
And tasty!
How bout I call you?
!
Getting a ton of snow in Peralta.
yep in the ATL
i make things every day.
i will participate.
i have an exhibition coming up in July so everyday in june will be a busy one.
:D
That's awesome.
In honor of the Instagram deal, I am building a business that will convert all tweets and postings into their poorgrammar equivalent.
didn't Kendoctorcks play inside?
How did he get matched up o.
TEs?
My lil bro is a fool.
Dear Roderick, thanks for following!
The great operatic tenor/Cantor RichardTucker put 8yr old me on his lap after hearing my solo in a synagogue, and made a fuss with me.
Last topic from me: LBS games.
has made LBS interesting again.
Now venues are getting into the game.
Kids, stay off the busway.
Got a nice ride in a cop car last night :P
this what we waited months for?
I had a little monkey His name was father O He wears a funny getup And puts on quite a show.
.
.
obviously the UnderratedEP duh ;
so i am a proud jonas fan and i am not afraid of what ppl have to say follow if you believe it too
Right now, the one thing cheering me up, is old videos.
God, this kid and his food addiction.3
com, that covers the aspects of how to be an EA video game tester
Physically  mentally prepared, focused , determined, self motivated , 12 yrs applying Survivior :
If these guys bad then I gotta be a demon.
Who needs ideas?
Missed it at SXSW so had to catch Marley tonight.
Amazing documentary about a man who truly loved all  gave us such sweet music.
Go see it.
I'll be there Friday for 5/10 come say hey
Some people think assessment is synonymous with testing.
Observation is often a very useful form of assessment.
My grand babies asked me to get them tickets to see some child called ASAP Rockie...I asked them when they start listening to country music
U S Marshall Raylon Givens is the greatest Pronto by the great Elmore Leonard.
Fantastic!
How about you?
Walking and I feel like falling in a hole.
Guess what finally kciked in
I'm so happy im off today.
:
Portland School Superintendent Carole Smith tellsFM News 101 how she thinks schools can be better funded 59 tomorrow AM
Explain to me why I have yet to watch XmenFirstClass?
hopefully?
Thought you worked there or something
FridayIt may be snowing, but we are still open all night with great live piano music!
Mike Massey starts at 6pm, Richard Shaten at 9pm
I went swimming and now I am searching for the Goblin gost to ;
let the bottled up hate pour out onto this keyboard, and may someone actually read it and do something about it.
Tip of the day: If you have under eye circles, avoid using purple and grey eyeshadow as they can emphasize the circles below your eyes.
My worst enemy is regret :/
yah!
more powers to you guys!
3 take care and good luck
Beginning to think donating to certain charity organizations is akin to making a political statement...
If not before then, will likely be back here around the 5/10 or so.
Love to everyone.
Linux and Gaming: Full Steam Ahead
Good one!
RT : A chance to qualify for the Indy 500 would be pretty high on my list ...
If you've seen the I'm a Man video Like this status!
calling it a night with 1100 words done.
Into scene 2 of chapter 2.
More amwriting tomorrow.
Night kids :
Staff meal today was Pho with tripe and pork belly.
Real nice!
come on dude, my response tweet was way better.
Random thought Do women in prison get their Hair done ?
Isnt that a part of grooming or Do they just Say Fuck their Head
Grateful.
Flying out in the morningbooked my 1st gig in 2012.
Wouldn't you prefer a gang?
What's even more embarrassing for Mickey Loomis is that he couldn't even have a winning team from 0204.
OMG I KNOW.
he said he's uploading another one when he gets back from rehearsals i can't wait
Congrats to the very handsome, smart and Adoctoran Brodylooking on his super great graduation :
Don't you worry your pretty little mind,people throw rocks at things that shine,and life makes love look hard3
rochester stop in this weekend and visit all of our cats and dogs available for adoption!
I think it's great that I'm hearing the Chris Brown verson of FAME for the first time and thinking, Not as good version.
I don't even wanna THINK about how much work I have to do for school or how much I'm behind woof superstressed 
Very true!!
I wish everyone could find this!
They won't be there yet, but you can get your 11 Ellis custom tee made for you tonight!
I'll be on the show Body of Proof tonight.
On ABC  10pm pacific
digging the bio, every one of them!
how the fuck did you find me on twitter.
just got THE VOW 3 now im just waiting for SOMEONE to show up so we can watch it!!!!
:
hey I really enjoyed your talk in SF on creativity!
thanks for the insights!
just shut up
trying to get my own system going ere
Office Live almost out of the gate
ugh get on.
DUDE DUDE DUDE.
hi
RT : off to val gardena for a bit of speed and air.
oh thinking about making a trip out to Cali!
Side project in the wings, ya heard??
AutoRepair Getting Custom Automobile Steering Wheels is a Growing Trend
Haha but that may take a bit too long.
Now you put me in a mood for Indian.
Adios sushi!
Thank you, Mary!
Blessings...
29K words down, 21k words to go for my new novel.
It's sexy.
I promise.
ah shit.
guess it's out
I don't want your shitty ass friendship.
I agree, the dark clouds need to keep movin'.
We'll get sunbreaks this week, but much cooler with showers.
Cant' wait til wkend

Full genome sequencing has resulted in the conclusion that after 6
Avatar !
I love this movie :
partying with styles  co.
andd ooh, i see, i see.
well they better not switch hotels or i will ruin their lives.
11 more days Thank You Jesus :
kicks your face tt
U SHOULD HAVE NOT LEFT TONIGHT IVE BEEN CRYING NON STOP!
i luv u!
Keep on singing like u make me keep on singing.
Luv u!
dodged a bullet there
LOL if someone is saying some bad stuff or things about me.
Don't send me a message.
PRAY for them.
notes on writing: use less words
WhyDoPeople hate on others to feel better about themselves?
nothing yet.
Damn it.
here's hoping.
That article was in '10 so hoping they ain't forgot :p
Hey, can I come with you?
One game and the have been written off.
Whatever man
Get some rest everyone!
You'll need it for the sports games tomorrow.
My mom needs to chill out.
I'm cashed out I could give a fuck what you thankin, I'm paid Bitch
I swear I just got a wiff of coconut rum and I think I just vommed
Jeff Bridges new album...is really fucking good.
The Dude Abides.
lol not even that , and good wby :?
Rock Make Fest Saturday!
Awesome free music provided by  more.
Brand new stickers from yours truly.
18th  Treat.
Thanks, bro.
I appreciate that.
FYI  that picture is actual size.
:
Good morning Filmmakers only one week left until the last deadline for film submissions to TFFOC!
CONGRATULATIONS!!
I totally see you in a Mustang Convertible..
Awesome!
haha
at supportseattle at uber dot com!
:
well, now I am coming!!
Thanks for the heads up
FF A few great Academy alums to follow Hit those Follow buttons!
yay no school tomorrow!!
Glad to see Kenyon Martin playing again.
I just wish he was playing with the
Did we mention the Allman Brothers Band and Lynyrd Skynyrd are coming Friday, August 3rd?
Aw hell!
u prolly used that pic b4
MakesMeSMH when taxpayers act surprised at their tax obligation/refund results..changes in tax laws and taxpayer circumstances will do that
thats cool my cable gets american channels.
hahaha!!!!
I have been there :
k..
Sounds like a pussy call.
You called us our last noght.
Wevwon series man up dude
Turns out if you use the carcasses of smoked chickens, you get a tasty, smoky stock
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
I had to stop my workout because some creepy maintenance guy kept stopping and leering at me.
:/
thank you for your feed back!
Please let us know if you do come across any
Well that's just great Hallmark!
This Mayan calendar I bought from you is missing 10 days at the end of December!
just saw a URL with /cgibin in it, blast from the past.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident.
His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
Can you find out if DF Baton Burton is back...Haven't gotten any info from distributor again.
I broke the rules and had a breakfast quesadilla It was really good!
RT I don't normally use my hands, they just lay next to me .....I usually leave a 50 tip afterwards
Does the 58 detour affect any Winterburn stops?
Canada Dollar Strengthens for 2nd Quarter on U.S.
Growth Outlook  Bloomberg
well done guys...
This is a chess game and you guys are more strategic players!
Purse is missing with passport, ticket, IDs and money.
Gotta run.
Not good.
Very, not good!
oops!!!
see that?
my twit right there will garnish a halfdozen new porntwit spams at least.
see you in April, I'm sure!!!
gaf
Its 60 in Boston and is having a powder day.
I need to be in vermont.
these old ppl I work with they be writing me talking about wazzzzz up are you trying to be cool?
lol
YES!
Congratulations!
DM us your mailing addoctorss!
: RT : his bedoctorom
He was incredible!
Love the way Ben Tate runs.
We're a Mac school ;
i love it when he calls me during the day though, no matter what it is that we talk about it's that boost of energy i need to get me by.
I can be anything.
I'll be your everything.
Just touch me baby.
I don't wanna be sad.
What locally owned Lincoln Park business would you like to see become a member of GoLocal?
SOAKED!
On Star Island coming to you November 5...tickets go on sale this week stay tuned for more details.
Just finished reading Shift by Just beautifully done, even better than Shade.
I have a date with Shine a year from now!
my clients fight over The Color Issue and the Hair Special Issue of at the salon!
THIS WEATHER IS SO NICE!!!!
Niggas will shit on yuh ever chance they get
taking sage to knott's today!!
Funnel cake here we come!
Ok I'm not at the MetGala tonight but that's ok...breath in, breath out :
Seriously?
That's crazy.
November to supts: you don't have the legal problems online you think you do
Exploring the vast world of Twitter...wow, so much all in one place!
it better not suck
not yet trying to start
Oh Nvm.
RNG is Saved, Their Obv Ustreaming at their hotel so ..
Following up on my last tweet, the choice is...
Glock
Thank you very much.
Beautiful page!
I'm hating until I'm invited
Proud of my alma mater finally winning on the road this week, beating Auburn.
I cut it in an arch  in honor of your trip :
Well as my work wife I fear your wrath if I forget those sorts of details
They are going to tow Shuttle Discovery from Dulles Airport to the Smithsonian on Thursday.
That will be an interesting sight.
Tonight we rock Shark City in Glendale Heights come out and help us win the battle of the effin bands we play at 9:30!
i love you i love you i love you!
thanks Darling!
: xx
what do you plan on doing with your life?
Thank you to everyone for your support at the Portland and Seattle shows.
is an amazing car company and thank you for ur support
I'm proud of you
You guys suck
buy NYR won, so who gives a shit ...
Hope is ok!
Take care of your ankle and get ready for adidas Nations next week.
Lol girl dont hate.
All my freaks call me that!
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations.
S.Rippetoe
LOL!
I will have my own seamstress who sews my leather book covers onto my books printed on the finest parchment fabrics...
Phil Ethington: Library as a crypt and books as tombstones
Believe in yourself!
ha ha they depressing me wit this history lesson/look into the future message lol
Just had a Brad Ranchero at Kimmie's.
Yumm.
send me some of your cupcakes :
Your Body is Your Temple So how well do you know it?
I'm going to wait for 4.0 and then see how I feel.
Aw the real Niko with the Real Elway.
I miss that Elway.
Is it possible to out grow family?
That moment you text something deep and all you get is an ok 
Fake females equal insecure niggas stop the cycle
Amarillo sky
The Dagwood: layered sandwich of pork burger  swiss, turkey  cheddar, fried chicken with a fried egg and other delicious accoutrements
My ma was jus singing meek!
I didn't say I was running.
I retweeted He's got to run.
Good chat about communications and socialmedia during the loud session at

: can i get a mcdouggle?
How we've missed you on Twitterverse!
Andoctorw, it seems you're angry at everything lately.
Lol it doesn't!
I wish it was warm.
Not hot.
Not cold.
Just warm.
And omg lol my bed is SO cold.
Haha wow
Hey tweets!
Whats up today?
Anything fun
Love me or hate me I don't give a sht ok so
first day of work went awesome : I love my job.
latter, for sho...
or possibly a combo of both
I wont grow my hair out..
Finish them!!!
4 U FLASH,CASH,  ASS MOTHERFKERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD  BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Have been on hold for over 30 minutes, and having trouble remembering why I called in the first place.
Braun fouls off his leg.
I think he just yelled for some fudge.
HAPPY BDAY TO ALL YOUR BOY H
Happy holidays, whichever you celebrate.
Wishing you a warm and cozy winter if you don't.
you're just as handsome now as you were then!!!
Its a really good wine too!
Josh Hamilton is too nasty
Stupidest girl in the history of humanity.
Yes!
That's sounds like the kind of Saturday I should be having.
Only if his daddy lets him.
peanuts have IQ's?
:o I didn't know thaat..
lmao
Hey AlanThanks for sharing news  our bootleg it goes on sale next Monday 14th.
Can you help correct your post?
Thursday night, Smalls Jazz Club w/Lawrence Fields, Luques Curtis  Kendoctorck Scott, Tabreeca Woodside on Vocals  me on Vibes.
Come on out.
HQ is Los Angles.
But our service will be servicing casting and actors worldwide.
I am a maniac
I'm going to have to try that again, I remember not liking it the first time but I keep getting recommendations.
lmao today was just....
New shirt designs, and new music coming your way!
Get stoked!
Ha.
Best tweet today.
RT : that awkward moment when you realize you're wearing the outfit in your avatar
we'll have to find a way!
where what ?
The best advice for arguing with a parent, suck up your pride.
Put yourself where they would want you to be but they wont expect it.
Being a good bf and sitting by myself cause at this going away party I know no one.Only option is to dance but they keep having dance offs.
McMenamins West Side Open House 3pm to 7pm on April 24th.
We will showcase all of our West Side Properties, great for meetings  retreats!
Thanks for the follow and congrats on HOP!
he hit a boy in the face
clever clever!
Congratulations to Baja RIT for its 3rd place finish at the Baja SAE Alabama event held this past weekend at Auburn University!
I just had the Niagara falls of blood come out of my nose :
BenAnn Haddad took refuge in their car; charging cellreading..
If you have any blkout stories, plz.
contact me: .
did she deserve that for texting etc while doctorving?
Lets go Brewers!!
And....walk Goldschmitt please lol...
If I treat you, the way you treated me.
You would hate me.
I was thinking would be the one to make us late...
But no, it's and
why are lolcats the perfect medium with which one can communicate with their parents?
I have no idea, how have you been?
I was a super busy week vcofr me.
sure: followed :
I think Rondo gets suspended.
Big hit to Celtcics' chances.
time for a lil genealogy research and 2012 family reunion planning
We are holding a Free educational seminar here in Las Vegas on Wednesday the 28th.
please go to our website to find out how to RSVP.
I  to shower to Claire de Lune on full blast ...
The heathens are winning with a song about masturbating...
Or are they?
Hrm...
It's a trap!
Conflict builds character, while crisis defines it
Merry Christmas.
Today is Spirit Day, Remember the words and actions that you commit in life can alter someone elses life completely.
Rest in peace Seth.
I better be in on this.
Q2 change we need a new flavor of koolaid to doctornk ;
I am sad that Desperate Housewives has ended!
This was my mom's and mine's favorite show!!!
Nice play by Holtby cutting down Chara's angle.
Chara could have shot that earlier though
I'm really excited about the ADDY Awards this Friday in Seattle  yay!
I can hook you up w that no prob.
In one of the most elite clubs in vegas.
In a cabana.
Overlooking the city and the club.
Yeah...bang
Had lots of fun and learned a ton at dlfforum and thatcamp pub but am so glad to finally be home!
If only I had energy left to join
My shampoo/cond.
says it's glutenfree, but I'm not convinced since I seem to be having a bad reaction to it.
Hm
I hate that face lol
What should I ask this morning?
He's mayor of Del Mar and wants to be the next SD County Supervisor
Have an extra shot for me :
my captainin America shirt is in full force.
R.I.P.
Ben Breedlove /3
doctoramed that I had dinner with George Clooney  Biz Markie at Then they walked out on the 1000 check, sticking me w/ it.
I'll be plastering pics everywhere.
You won't be able to miss it if you just pop on fb or something.
:P
I'm making plans for a downsized Thanksgiving this year.
No Turkey, just a Stuffed Chicken.
Anyone else trimming their holiday plans?
note from NastBoyz all these niggas rock the boat but we MAKE da WAVES bowww lol
no!
Just been a long day!
Are U the Voice of Jesus Christ??
Let His light SHINE through U!
Spread the word of Gods Love!
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
HBN TV
Come out and see a last minute show at on monday!
5 for people coming to see the working hour!
Writing a letter to him...gotta learn that im now a lady not a child.
Did you try converting to MOV?
That should work as long as you have QuickTime installed.
Maybe try Format Factory?
You're greatest supporter of You brought amazing tweets to best friends known as Victorians  :
Wondering what delicious tacos is cooking up for tonights TacoTuesday!?
I'm really gonna feel salty if coach makes me run the 200m tomorrow
MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install newsfeed chip in his skull.
wondering how long maintenance takes :
If you, O Lord, should mark iniquities, Lord who could stand?
But there is forgiveness with you, so that you may be revered
I don't know what it meant, but it felt good on my lips.
Some ppl are too damn confusing...they tell.u don't do a certain thing n u dont do it n they still get mad...
Don't get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you.
is hot!
In Salmon Creek WSDOT crews are opening up another lane on the 134th St exit from I205 NB this morning around 6:00.
Reputation points have worked well to get better citizen contributed data.
YOU ARE SO LUCKY!!!
I'M JEALOUS!!!!
D:
Um changed my pic.
Downtown LA.
Hey there, always great to meet a fellow PNW writer!
happy birthday to the funniest girl i know your an amazing friend and i hope you have an awesome birthday!
:
Everyone go and follow the most gorgeous girl i know on twitter!
Xx
The 4 of us left in theater just laughed.
It was a great moment.
I'm still not sure I buy both parties equally to blame.
That's a lazy media crutch.
u have to play that again .....
RB need a comeback ....
Aint no cow stepping on my toe  Miranda
i have a Q: how do u handle maximizing time w/blogging?
2 posts a wk  checking in w/others sounds like a lot
Just realized is back on tomorrow night!
, are you going to watch?
Can't.
Wait.
Sunday Predictions: Niners beat Dallas, Laundoctor gets done, I resist buying Star Wars on Blu/Ray.
Heading to my one one one consultation : schedule yours today!!
www.prbynatalie.com
just wasted a good 25 cents on a rice crispy treat
Post concert depression  I had fun though :
thanks man!
swung in some newfeds MS too.
hope to shakemove at some librardanceparty soon
Isn't that a little narrow.
One show can turn you around?
Tough crowd!
I could tell that he was nervous.
But I don't blame him.
It was his first time performing the song.
He was still flawless as fuck tho!
DUH I'M PRETTY SURE IT'S DORCAS...AM I WRONG?
OMG YES.
FINALLY A FOLLOWER ON MY BELIEBERPROBZ TUMBLR :D
oh sorry!
I followed you back!:
Yep.
So the House just wasted about 3,000 of our money printing a DOA bill.
Thanks, guys.
hell yea .....
cook bitch
what article and who's lying that you're a team player?!?
nosirr lol  have a great one mister March
Want more blog traffic?
Often times blog traffic, like website traffic, can be elusive.
Be proactive in getting blog traffic, use RSS.
is so freaking gorgeous.
:
lol i know thats why i just call you a asshole and keep it moving lmao
Magazine journalism?
Did you go to Mizzou?
Bf3 looks awesome i cant wait 4 it
aye ill paly u again tomorrow ima get off now lol
Well, you DO look shifty.
When it rains every part of my body aches.
And I have no clue why
A charcoal grill and satellite radio?!!
Forget the Ferrari.
I want a luxury iREV.
it's only the beginning of Legna world so you have no idea what's gonna happen ;
me too he's such an awesome guy he just came up and started talking to me one day at camp.
Very cool guy.
Glad to see that sack!
I'm still wasted...and I'm at work.
WAY TO BE A WINNER!!!
Im late on that tweet tho cuz i guess he's already been freed lol
Sitting here working on 3 different videos at the same time.....headache.
YES TO THIS.
A THOUSAND TIMES YES!
Americans we often don't know anything about a given subject, but we usually have some reckoning about it, don't we?
He/She who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life  Muhammad Ali
Tune into E!
News tonight at 7:00  11:30 p.m.
to see Grey Lee Designs Tycoon cufflinks featured in the !
Valentines Day gift guide!
eww!.
you could have made sure it was a better shot!
;P
Yeah man, that's what I'm talking about!
I asked my boyfriend if he already knows what he's going to be for Halloween.
He replied: Single.
You should treat yourself!
The appetizers and dinners are delish.
Big things coming up for me next week!
Shook Adams hand
Stand up, where heels and smile on phone interviews.
I'm doing pretty good.
Super tired studying for my world history test.
But how about you?
booskii.
Play words with friends since your BEGGED.
Hey Chicago!
We're a new Twitter feed dedicated to the greatest referral group in Chicagoland  the Chicago Power Lunch Network!
I hate when somebody pick the smallest thing to fall out with you behind.....
Truth is u never liked me to begin with
A nobody is not the same as THE nobody.
I'm a nobody, and a nobody is perfect.
therefore...
FTFY.
This guy man is strugglin in the booth!
I'm in a
Sadly yes.
There was an instant elimination by coaches after performances.
And Lindsey's performance was AWFUL.
So bummed!
:
lol what part?
That's coo tho, making money is always goodpretty much the same thing tho.
Just riding round and gettin it lol
Hey follow !
did you receive my direct message via twitter?
How u gonna get mad a me for callin u a bitch if u call yourself a bitch.
I thought that was ur name
Why you cold?
Go see bellflower Holy hell
Just heard the new song and i love it.
Amazing!
And I'm still hungry :/
Time to bundle up!!
:
Ha!
So it was a term of endearment then!
Certainly the positive way to look at it.
king cock blocker.
Lol.
Someone left a comment on OurStage asking if I was Uh, no.
It's packed down here
Don't forget that I was like the tenth most popular photographer on the site.
Higher than
hes a legit reporter too.He provided intimate details at t/ Super Bowl, Perrish Cox trial  Manning saga.
Les isnt classy lol
Enjoying my first free Saturday in a long time!
no problem : but we could just do it at school or something
RT : doctormmers in the the Milwaukee Area ...
Follow
lol no problem.
RT : Some people are handing out Bibles for Halloween instead of candy.
I'm making everyone happy  handing out Candy Bibles.
Phone now : Might watch TV in a little bit : text me if you got the digits :
Westward Ho!
in Devon, UK was named after a novel which was set in the area.
Who even knew Snoop Dogg wrote novels?
Oh certificate requirements...WHY DO YOU CHANGE!!
He must be mistaken me for someone that cares.
People that ride golf carts in airports, do the moving sidewalks just require too much energy for you?
RT: You still have a lot of time to make yourself be what you want.
There's still lots of good in the world.
S.E.
Hinton
Hi, Almie: Just checked,  we don't have them.
So sorry!
Thnx for the idea of Paley Bars.
Sent your idea to the buyer now.
I know
The Spurs are the best, most exciting team nobody knows about.
DANG ALL YALL NIGERIANS GOIN IN..
yea we will see if paulie pavillion sells out then ....
Ooh yes you should learn to skate so you can play hockey!
Used to play floor hockey back in the day, but ice is tough!
Aint nuthin like that that Texas heat.
oh yeah..
i have been there!!
they put melted cheese on my tamale and it upset me once..
but i'd be willing to try it again
Sorry i had sex with ulga last night.
of course : welcome to the family we Codyiacs support and 3 him :
yeah, surprising
Staying as sick as possible so i don't have to do homework and i don't have to go to school tomorrow oops.
Getting a late start to tweeting, but I'm here!
First time ever I didn't get lost doctorving in Baltimore.
RT Convinced beauty is a direct reflection of heart.
idontlikeyoubecause you dont act your age
Can't sleep...
That is strange for such a big production!
OMGG.
Same.
;D
All of my friends are planning trips to Vegas and going on cruises.
I'm off to the Harry Potter Theme Park this week!
what team can I be on?:
is totally tore it up at Kamps tonight!!
For sure.
hi followe me?
if the jets resign plaxico I'm gunna shoot myself in the leg
no problem!
: have you checked out our tunes?
Angelina's near the Tuilleries 226 Rue de Rivoli.
And try the hot chocolate!
Amazingly rich
Just submitted my ballot for the Awards.
Almost 8 minutes early this year.
Or maybe 7 minutes not too late.
There's a fire melting my ice cream
haha no you have to retire it lol.......
thanks was an amazing show!
Was fun and nice to see u and all girls.
U shine girl
Final Bill Morrison silent film 2nite.
Masterful Decasia, 's M.
Gordon score, played by 60.
, 7:30 FREE.
I was wondering where he went.
Wasn't me, though he appears to be enjoying himself!
hey!
i love your professorle pic, girl!
3 Is it real?
sdmayornp I used to be known as King of Sewage
'Popularity in junior high and high school doesn't mean anything in real life'

We are so excited!
Don't we all?
RT RT if you speak sarcasm as a second language
Sitting next to a dead shark in a jar...
Yay for the magic of a Furnan sticker on my car!
Great to hear on WYPR show.
Mike is a great representative of pentup excitement in Bmore innovation community
high's and lows...
never sip that wack juice...
Yup!
husband has been wanting to go on European vacation.
Now Barcelona.
FavouriteLyric So you can make me cum, that doesnt make you Jesus..
Don't let the pigeon run this app is a fun app for little ones.
fair to midland is the only reason to take a break from SW:TOR
oh no trend happybirthdayjboogz this is more important sorry but she's just a sister not a boy.
I wanna be the reason all women become obese because they get treated like shit so they eat away their sadness
Overheard little boy and caretaker at lunch today:What's an archive?
A place where very important things are kept.
Can't say I disagree.
I can't wait to get off work
Networking, like shaving, is something you have to do every day.
RT : People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
So during the practice lockdown at my school I got shot in the head by my principal.
I died.
Isn't that nice to know.
pa follow back..
Buy your tickets for November 26th.
Il Signo La Mafia
3am for me in Alaska!!
Glory glory!!
Hm ...
says Tim Welke bad ...
says Tim Welke one of the best ...
Who to believe?
Thank you to , , and everyone who made DADT repeal a reality!
haha oky?
do u like cheese?
i love cheese LMAO
I think part of pbl is letting go  trusting that the kids will do a good job, is that correct?
I'm trying to not micromanage
yeah, on my iPhone...
Frustrating that the site is neglected in the same features...
that might be one of my favorite tweets of all time
is there any way to know how many votes there is on my 'show us your Q' picture or is it like, secret until may 21st :
oh yea, favorite class ever.......
Happy Monday David!!
Love your music!
Weed,girls,swag doesnt make you a boss'' dipolmas,dgrees,jobs do .
What a busy day at egg's nest today!
So excited to meet all the mommies to be in
The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus
Aikentrained Alpha turns in work Saturday in preparation for the Derby  Aiken Standard
You like beer huh girl check out the RB event the beginning of May, one restaurant featured has 50 beers on tap!
Girl you're on a roll!
I'm blessed to be able to continue my studies!
I learning so much each day!
Nice to know you, too.
Blessings!
Berkeley gets another earthquake.
3.6, enough to wake this Berkeleyan.
Right now doctorw is in his underwear watching old episodes of Whose Line.
Copy Government handler?
Over.
squawk
Will do!
Had to change my avi to the man, and the ROY .
Congrats man
Close second best birthday present: autographed Thomas Dolby CD.
Squee!
Violence campaign, people are being pussys and a bunch of bitches.
Holy.crap.
its an issue of an unhappy head childoctorns librarian and her incompetent rageful assistant.
Field trip!
.
are pairing together for AusOpen Mixed Doubles.
What would be your alltime favorite mixed doubles team?
Bahhaha it say GET TESTED bahaha.
I don't do NHL.
Moral opposition.
But the NFL doctorft will be interesting, for sure.
Wake 6.5 for the second half seems like easy money
Tonight: AutoMatic Beats featuring Plan Beats w DJ Selfborn at.Automatic Slims Bekay
DIs is only tha beginning!
Now its time ta start on tha road to winning my grammy!!!
good morning!
styled on em, jamaican hit
need song ideas.
x/ Ashley
I love you!
:D
Daily Special, Wed 04/25/12  Spaghetti w/ Italian marinara  lg meatball, served with garlic toast, salad, and choice of doctorssing.
6.09 RT
;  I loaded the press release into our system on Friday  did not update it w/today's date
Thank you....about to lease right now.
theburiedlife book invented swag.
Stella Adler on theater and its purpose: The theater was created to tell people the truth about life and the social situation.
no man that you dont want to see me
RT : Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Twitter is like my 'bagel' setting on a toaster; instantly making me half as effective while appearing a logical necessity.
and i'm still involved w/ that as much as i can be.
i'm also seeing someone :
: Your boy is finally verified!!!
Thank you  only the best for u :
what are you doing tonight?
Haha
I heard the movie , The Devil Inside sucked .
?what do you want seen on aaron.tv
I am doing good and hope you are too.
evi!!!
What are u doing up?
my web host has backed off on some default php configuration changes.
thank god I don't have to go through and tighten my coding standards!
SweetTea is my only addiction!
way i see it, if i forgive one person, i had to forgive everyone else involved.
he was the evryone else category.
now its just him
1 more week then pumpkin hollow it is.
With my best friend and someone speciall!
33
lmfao whoa improper use of the word swag
Assembly concurs in SB 174, which closes the school voucher loophole created by the state budget, on a voice vote
Adventure is the essence of life.

proof that the 80s rocked
oh, hooray.
this was on of the most fun i have had in a while, it was just amazing..
was funny from beginning to end
questionin my future
nice outside...
I think a trip to Target is in order during my lunch break.
I can't.
Go to mister.
Parkersons car and get me the jacket
Hampden Bocce League Meet and Greet Next Thursday April 21st at Fraziers on the Avenue!!
With your skills, how could I say no?
Great show too!
Nothing like working for crazy people!
Who said a wrong turn can't be a great adventure?
lol.
Will try my best, sometimes I'm not so funny.
When I log into my Marriott Rewards account, how do I go about finding/printing the eFolio from a past hotel stay?
Blue Plate lunch combo: ham  gorgonzola dolce sandwichette w/ side salad: 6!
When guys try to talk to me and they have a girlfriend 
FF to  Great updates on press freedom in the U.S.
and pubmedia issues.
First my land, now my remote?
WTH?
Lol
I love the smell of rain..
it makes your hair so soft!...Except I'm starting to waddle when i walk...
Happy Saturday to my new followers!
Can't wait to read what you are up to as well!
, , ,
beer: check.
dire straits: check.
cubes: check.
script for importing brushes to maya: damnit I had one, is this it this one doesn't work wai
That is a long day!!
yeah!
Those Arkansas girls!
who did she say she was?
Haha
But if you're giant, you can run with the squids, the pandas, the catfish, the cupcakes, and of course, the 50 foot women.
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Do not despair.
For the LORD your Gd loves you more than the flowers, the birds, the dogs, the cats, the rodents, the fish, the butterflies
This world is very cut throat.
If you don't have tough skin, u better get it and get it fast!
happy birthday to the best dancer in the whole world!
:D oh and the girl who reinspired me to be a dancer thanx chachi :D
seems like article focus was difficulty funding early stage doctorg/product ; surprised if VCs in that space fund apps  vice versa
you just gotta shut them out today and you got a shot
Tomorrow will be 3m 24s longer, says weatherunderground.com.
To me, that means way more daylight shooting time.
Oh is my 1D singing interupting your conversation?
TOO BAD.
Fuck it!
: Hope yer having a great weekend gorgeous!
: xo
my pleasure!
Really enjoyed you video and the yummy recipe.
Love your style!
Great golf weekend with and crew in Athens, TX
I'm so impressed with his leadership of our team.
Under Murray they were crap.
He worked magic.
It's a lot of illegals at my job lol
Perfection falls not to the share of mortals  Washington.
such a visionary.
still love you
I just saw JustIn Beaver 3D, way different then the commercials.
Perhaps the chapter I just looked at was only 3 pgs, but when I clicked PDF icon on top right I only got PDF for that section
Do this.
Thanks for reinforcing that this is still a good way.
Join us tonight for Downbeat Switch, Vega Omega and Classic Monkey Shine Music starts at 9ish.
Only 10.00
yep we remember....
Good game!
Now that we are healthy....maybe notsogoo
Just accepted a job offer at Roll Global in Santa Monica, Ca.
I've decided that no statement can actually be true until proven true by the Fallout universe.
yes wil card good!
I always trust my dogs instincts; for years I had suspected the mailman was pure evil, but now I'm sure.
is it normal for your itunes to go up the list instead of down?
im listening to adtr and its going up the list i dont understand
Booking a recurring role for comedy centrals the NickKroll show!
So excited!
What's the biggest mistake you've made as the team's owner?
Can you admit you've ever made a mistake?
So the guy came  told me the computer had a baby virus  i need to get norton to kill it
Dear Obama: You're still the one.
I just donated  to the campaign.
IT FELT LIKE SOMEBODY HELD A BLOW doctorER IN MY FACE EARLIER.
WIND WAS UP TO 60 MPH EARLIER.
WITH 113 DEGREE WEATHER SMH
honestly, names aren't as important as the approaches anyway
Thank you and MUSTFollow to
I dmed it:
Ovechkin, Backstrom, currently Holtby.
I would say all untouchable.
If Semin gets a contract extension I'll be irate.
WTH!!
Jet vs Bills.
Are y'all playin football or pity pat.
Geesh
after hanging with Porterfield for several days, their nuts are going to need a rest.
Overall I give Broncos a C on their doctorft.
Got no value for trade down in first.
Think they reached on a few guys, but what do I know?
Romance tip of the week: If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
Haha of course!
And RIP black marker, chem notebook and favorite pencil
your immature prove your story.
not sure how that would work.
I will have to ask around .
Any one who wants to hear some hip hop unsigned hype music DM me ur email.
No spam Strt Ham RT
I got your back!
:
yayy!
Can't wait : miss your face!
Simply Complicated  Blog Archive  This is  Wherever ...
Bumper sticker ahead of me on Tokay Blvd: Any day above ground is a good one.
Amen brutha
RigRigRig!
Get Ratings!
Glad your doing well.
I had a busy holiday with some family and lots of friends., I hope school is going well for you,,
Wishing a happy vday to all the ladies of craftbeer!
I need that second wind right about now 
I'll sleep when I'm dead
i like bein around people i can be goofy with and random not so serious all the time.
i want a pet mini giraffe
hey idk if its the right thing but if it is can u play take care
WHOA SHUT UP HIMYM alwayskeepingmeguessing!
Can it be next season yet?!
thanks!!
I really like the tail!
lol
I seen a baby cry seconds later he laughs...the beauty of life pain, pain never lasts.
Calories and Cold.
Caloric restriction is now joined by low body temperature as longevity biomarkers.
Source: SRI May 2011
What I learned today: I'm not competent enough to park an automobile.
This!
RT : A3 Retweets are like Twitter currency.
Give them when you can.
Listen to my radio show, PTERODACTYL HOUR, at 9 pm pacific time.
www.kjack.org
Thank you thank you!
Girls go to college to get more knowledge, boys go to Jupiter to get more stupider.
Nom nom nom RT : Thanks to team mom for bringing me lunch even though I found a hair in my sandwich and it sucked.
Gross.
it's gunna be pretty sweet :
Nobody Greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than yooouuuuuuuuu!
IF U WANT TO READ SOME JOKES GO 2 UR FB PAGE AND LET ME KNOW.
I HAVE PLENTY!!
I have never been in search of sympathy or even respect.
I have nothing to prove, I am simply who I am.
And right now I am very sleepy
I couldn't get through my work day without it!
It's true, which is even more awesome because you're not allowed to look happy on Virginia licenses anymore.
:
Or just send it via email
Thank you  it was great having you join us!
Nope, we like to think everyone is a fan of them ;
Other risk factors for Type II Diabetes are elevated triglyceride, low HDL, and high blood pressure
RT : Real statistic: every single batter walked by Red Sox pitching this year has scored.
haha, love the hat.
they should make an app or widget for that so I can have it available at all times.
thanks sweetie
Yea he is i am still fixing it though
we disagree on this.
POA is my favorite of the books and visually my favorite of the films.
My dad got front row tickets to Kenny Chesney  Tim McGraw.
I'm SOO mad!!!!!
I don't know why, but I am pumped to find out what happens with
help get the ncaa bracket link on the homepage, I can't see if I'm still tied for third.
Help!
Happy mothers day to my mom and my grandma!
One more week.....
Join my freind HIS A inspiring Director and Actor!
I used something similar for govt Surplus supplies.
It was ok...I would say be ready for lots of emails.
never mind.
Sorry
Favorite song to work out too?
Good Morning...
Let's make this a great week!
heard BohemianRhapsody just now.
One guess of who I thought of.
Lol
Ok, sleep.
You win.
did the shirts for the event we are playing.
Awesome shirts.
Would love to get more info on a sponsorship
That Would Be a AWESOME Concert.luv Billy's Song Let Me Down Easy
when are you and leaving for your trip?
Why the hell does Roland say Henry Potter?
It's Harry.
Always has been, always will be.
RT : She's too much sometimes.
Reconciling CSS versions.
thanks : we love you too!
3
The slow cooker is the best.
I do a crock pot every Sunday and have meals for days.
Sitting on the duck of the bay
It has more to do with who he is playing with now.
Bynum/Gasol  Scola/Dalembert.
If I rolled my eyes every time you did/said something that pissed me off my eyes would roll out of my head.
what time do u work?
im sad to have missed the puppet show...
I just got back on twitter and the first thing that popped up was was sick but i know he'll be okay !!!
How long until they beat the twins ass.
Morningwood is the worst thing when you're trying to get doctorssed in a hurry.
What up Twitter world how we all feelin 2day?!
oh my.
What is wrong with people?
i hate when niggas say the following: i will suck yur pussy but yu need to return the favor the fuck ?
I decided to change my twitter name.
I needed something more professorssional.
My new one is the same as my blog name so it works :
yes im sure it will!
I love XFACTOR!!!!is the Voice good this season??i watched it last season
I want to learn the banjo.
Too funny: lol
Couldn't even run my last race
these ironons blowing my minda...
KyDerby RT : Where will you be in 85 days???
Hello world!
very butch
Q1.
You are hereby proclaimed Royal Monarch of Earth.
What shall be your 1st official act?
Just wanted to say GN to all u twitter ppl an have a blessed day tommarrow ps.
Follow an check out my page on youtube DOEentTV
bout to text you.
RT I just wanted to beam unconditional love..
Not for too long bc I didn't want ppl to think I was hitting on them JBH
Somebody need to hip me on to the good followings, so I can have my twitter ROCKIN !
Bringing a bottle of wine to the annual wrestlemania party.
Can't wait to see the look on his unsophisticated face.
please follow me: love you bri:
just got a new haircut, love it!
thank u thank u  thank u again.
I so enjoyed myself  u guys too!
I will be upgrading soon
: tour  Endoctors Manufctrng.
They cut a W  Badger out of metal for me!
They should have showed you how to make license plates.
Prematurely excited Dick.
will spot you and buy your ticket.
Ha ha ha!
im tired of being single i need a boyfriend !
I'm fine as long as I don't try to speak.
Omw to my game
I don't know for sure yet.
Even if they are not ours I am glad to see Lady Gaga and Beyonce wear so many gloves.
a cow
Please stop eating apples.
A lonely doctor.
The only arms we need are those we use to hug!
WOW JJ.
That was awesome.
Wants some chx and andouille sausage gumbo from Louisiana...
There's a camel cruising around downtown.
the nice man came to my house last night.
Told him I didn't want to buy anything.
He pressed on.
I chased him off my lawn.
The things we fear most in organizations  fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances  are the primary sources of creativity.
Margaret J....
how about Tiger's approach on 13?
They vary widely in cost.
We're building a chart to addoctorss this, but for now let us know your faves  we can talk ballpark cost.
Good Morning.
Hope you have a great Sat.
I'm going to see Think Like A Man today.
I hear it's funny  U can pick up a tip or two.
Brought a couple to church 2day, one answered the call, Praise the Lord!
If u 've 2 yrs of SEO expereince and live in Seattle, I might have the perfect job 4 u.Send me your resume
You look beautiful in your pic..
:::
songs are A and Performances A,Kid rocks doctormmer saw me few weeks ago perform and loved me.
Thats a connect in mix too.
you know it!
Follow us for updates and screenings!
Yea, its real emotion.
She's human.
Its all good!
holy shit am I gonna be an uncle?
Definitely not going back to charlottesville tonight.
Why he could back up Bass KG  Greg S.
Young  Athletic
yep...watching it right now.
I want to hug I feel so bad.
Man both of these teams stink.
This NL central is really funny.
CardinalsScrubs
you lost me
oh yeah key me find it,Sorry i totally forgot!!!
Just bought a new camera from the photography store.
The salesperson was a Mayan  he said I wouldn't be needing extended warranty in 2012.
wishing there was an Ascendio button like Tumblr for Twitter..
we tried to do something nice for my aunt and grandmother today...
they ended up eating hair
Heading from Spokane To Knoxville, TN for yet another Self Wealth Live Event!
Going to be awesome!
A personal brandoctorpresents your unique promise of value.
Distinctive set of natural strengths that employers get when they hire you.
Each and every one is all me.
Thanks!
Thanks!
Maybe : I'm DM you my email so you can tell me more.
you have So Dec, I have Halloween :
Love the inspiration..keep em coming RT : Success is inevitable
yes ma'am!!!
u still out north
up all nite, cuz i slept all day !
smh.
So true.
NOW offering daily, 1 time use PROMOTION CODES
Much appreciated good sir!
I am little bummed I couldn't be down in LA celebrating with u after ur big test and my offer...
4/20....
Fuk a happy smoke day...
Happy doctornk day 4 me....
Pour up
I'm a one woman man...
doctorve past hart park yelling GO !!!!!
Chris Bosh likes boys.
great talk on energy with Jesse J.
Tyson, Former Director of ExxonMobil.
Lot of terrific info on energy and GDP growth.
It's stained w/ the blood of girls who have thrown themselves in the road in despair over William's nuptials.
Tebow's like Kurt Warner, except without all that baggage like talent, arm strength, and accuracy

No I will not buy you matching ass tats of boneless wings.
Me too Matt.
thanks for venturing out so far.
Talk soon.
Wanna see me tweet
: Nice Trailer.
I'm sure it will go far thanks to you!
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through.
reading, studying, doctorfting research projects and multitasking family life
I look like cash and I talk like
all of you little 8th graders stfu.
you don't have finals yet you're still babies.
: Almost in St.
Paul for show tonight at The Fitzgerald Theatre.
Bring yer doctornking boots!!
I'm wearing them!
See u soon!
Alot of my ex's ain't doing shit wit they life........The nerve of you bitches
thank you for a great day..
Love my babe!!
It is time of being prepare for x max vacations lol
because you be cool on me
Popcorn and frogs everywhere.
you're gonna have so much fun!!
AGHH, I HOPE SO!:
Say Ahh really doe radio
Acouple of years ago we saw a sign like that for someone's pet snake.
damn one more day till Thanksgiving, i want to enjoy the turkey and TDay Football.
SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff a fist coming close to your face very rapidly.
no jan windglows you are mary prantil freak woman
I agree.
The only option for relevance isn't innovation it is strategic maneuvering.
Sustainability is impossible.
I can't believe Artie got taken out like that from Backstrom
They should make an old book scented air freshener that you can attach to your kindle.
I can't wait for the new ad to come out.
RT Hello, !
We mentioned you on our blog today!
Just FYI!
:
what a fantastic idea!!
Florida maybe, but no true stud athlete would to Mamby Pamby Vandy.
Does anyone else feel like DWade wanted to hit Kobe harder when he fouled him in the AllStar game?
Lol
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5 hardwood floor makes a long lasting beautiful Valentine's Day gift 
When you think about someone and get a text from them 3
looks like he is ready to feed a baby pig
Happy Nurses Week!
Glad you like it bud!
:
i thought we did
As of January 2011 There were surveyed 11,377 people to be homeless in Denver.
Let's see if we can decrease that number in 2012 Denver!
Well hello Boston...
It's nice to see you again :
but yeah, I feel ya.
Yes, was glad get home.
R U in Nashville?
If so, would love to get together sometime...

WATCH OUT...
and I have black and pink water shoes!!
New Smoker name mister Stoned Spacely!!!!!!
are you taking a spin class?
I love the idea for a long term deal.
I bought his jersey last year.
Let's make it last!
That awkward moment when somebody tries to hide from the cops by climbing a tree...
I'm hype because The Once Upon a Time Season Finale is on now on
Wishing was here.
If you live in South Austin, the new Coffee Bean on Slaughter has awesome wifi.
My new spot fa sho.
I kinda hear you and if they thought it was fruitless I hear ya more.
But it was weak in my book.
loves you all!
Xoxo
Alot of good that did him on the field.
Your simply wrong.
You can point to one stat, good job.
That means nothing.
Did you know we are onestop shopping for all your legal needs.
www.marylandtoplawyers.com
Twitter fights are awkward.
Dale Feilder live tonight at Nola's!!
the series is pretty faithful to the books, the books are better worded and detailed in the dialogues
sounds like someone started without me haha
Thanks bro.
If you are arrested, remember you have the right to remain silent  the right to an attorney.
All that you say WILL be used against you.
hey twitter world weres da love holla at me
Seriously think I just dislocated my thumb.
But when the choice is Packers game or medical treatment, I go Packers game
Petition challenges indicate that the DC campaign season is starting off with a bang.
Bang on!
Thanks!
You too!
The D1 Sectional Final games were not as good as D2 will be at state fri.
Was just getting into the new tools today.
Glad they finally added this!
thanks for the mention.
I appreciate it.
please justin follow me
Its the most wonderful time of the year, its the most wonderful time of the year, its the most wonderful time of the year.
Right?!?
They play by the rules!
haha idk what to tell you other than I had alot of shit going on and anytime I didn't text you back you got shitty
Yes, interviewed many scientists.
Point is: Belyaev was clear re: definition of domestic for foxes  they do not meet it yet.
The best location we get is right next to a McDonald's.
We can compete with them because we do it better.Truett Cathy
O.H., girl on phone: Um, I'm in line to see the Hunger Games.
Cause it's awesome?
Who is your audience?
Certainly you want to have broad appeal, but consider the specific target audience your film is for.
No.
Only certain types of crimes by CHL holders are reported as such by DPS.
AWESOME  Steven is so sweet the man would MELT like sugar if the raindoctorps came NEAR him!
LOVE YOU STEVEN!
Two home runs for the Big Ten.
Nebraska becomes 12th member and Tom Izzo remains at MSU.
Not a bad week at all.
I've taken debbie tanning also.
I am such a bad mother to debbie .
so whats up?
The weather is not cooperating with my photo shoot...
will do.
Thanks 4 your help w story.
Passion rocks!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
Nowplaying Speak Now  Taylor Swift
just cause she's not shy about those things doesn't mean everyone is like that
Our Pasta tonight is: Goat stew with grilled pears and chanterelle over Gluten Free Gnocchi!!!!yum....
It's funny really, how fast your emotions can swing.
At the Beau Rivage in Biloxi, MS autographing copies of this great poker book.
in Lexington w my mom .
I'm bored but at least I'm actually spending time w my mom today.
isn't it always supposed to be like this?
yeah who nose what could happen ...
Ha.
Agreed.
He certainly needs to be playing more than Wilson, anyway, at least until defensivereplacement time.
7 am and I'm wide awake
Rainy night finna be in for the night workin on this new song
About to blowww ;
Weez has designed my wedding doctorss...in case I ever get married again.
watching jerseyshore fron the first fist pump, god i love these guys , , , , etc
ICDS' President, Jorge Nowalski, will be at the NU study abroad fair tomorrow representing Costa Rica!
Just woke up from a good power nap, feel good now!
About to go hit up LifeTime
Vito, who should be the Sr.
Nominees next year for the HOF?
...overstock is def a can of worms...take any competitive vertical, say car insurance
Shout out all the producers sending beats!
Keep em coming!
thanks for the FF !
right back at ya 

You do know that was the point of the question?
Of course you do.
Thanks for the promotion.
See my last tweet..
It shows all the fun I'm having.
haha
you special boy.
Where is dey
What the flock!
Flocking all day today.
What's flock?
Flock is a print technique with a suede like finish.
Pics soon.
listenin to music:
GOD TO HEAR ME IS FINEE TO ; hahaha
Much needed time w girlfriends!
love.
Always sad to leave.
Just gonna Smile Back.
3
Looking for the perfect Valentine's gift for your sweetheart?
Ask about Hyatt's Signature Amour Romance Package today!
I Guess She Never Wanna Fix Things !
Smh.
.
.
Hangover never again I feel like I was in a movie
Nike's new uniforms aren't really matching the hype that was out there
Coming soon : RT : Im so looking forward to the next billboard HEREWESTAYED !!!!!!
Blessed just to wake up this morning
I had a club sandwich for lunch today.
Guess I was channeling my inner
looking forward to a great thanksgiving holiday with these folks:
Wahi Media selected for youth health initiative in Colorado.
was able to assemble a TV stand yesterday.
This leads me to believe you can handle a desk.
And so it begins.
Day 1 of the PCCOpCo12 meeting.
Joint meeting of all the PCC groups.
Talking about RDA and policy statements
Gotta love Chipper!

help!
do i upgrade to an iPhone 4S now, or wait for them to debut the 5 at some point in the next year?
RT : RT Be careful not to critique the way others do what you wont do.//professorund Word!
people think now is slang.
Dutch Corner looks fun
I think I have put on 5 lbs this week from cheese  pork products.
i cant stand bums, sumthin bout his money make dha nigga handsome
: happy birthday to one of my very favorite people in all this world!
Love you!!!
did you email him I will talk to him today!
Some people just don't get it.
Um.
This will be my last post.
I got raptured, but God says I have to give up my iPhone.
Apparently, you CAN'T take it with you!
Joseph Gordonlevitt 
bye twitter.
goodnight!
imma charge this thing.
last tweet for today.
I used to catalog gov docs in grad school.
You ever train your eyes to scan SuDoc numbers?
Is It Crazy To Think Will Follow You ?
that is a problem that needs to be fixed.
: Congrats  // Ditto.
See you soon Adam.
Going against the grain this week for the ValeroTexasOpen  Kuchar, Castro, Walker, Huh, Chappell, and Holmes.
Cinco de Mayo: Deer Tick show at the El Rey for
that is SO TRUE!!!
I'm just having a bad day.
loving this doctorary weather today.
it looks like we won't be getting a babymoon after all before he gets here : very sad
The best words you can ever hear : I'm not going anywhere
hourfitness getting it in!!!
Sign up for a group class membership this month  pay 49 a month.
Classes include yoga, mat pilates  cardio.
Want a comp'd kids pass to TerrorTown2011?
Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
unless it's that coffee from intelligensia that is massively dehydoctorting and haunts you for the next 5 hours....
about to ride by I'll check it out
She's solid as a rock on the tooshie
RT At Derby Classic....Orton playing well, still noncommittal on his future.
The text I woke up to this morning
THE MISSION is looking for artists, musicians, specialty restaurants, creative offices, and nonprofessort organizations.
RT to anyone you know.
I Dont know why you guys have haters you guys are amazing:
Well done, for a second I thought you forgot the king.
Hey, anytime!
:
The awesomeness  Tcamp12 can't be contained in 2 days.
We hope everyone can continue the global transparency talk
Come by tomorrow morning to hear talk about Social Media  Radio
HR communications gem at tcbsm4hr: biggest challenge is building awareness of what is possible in both org tech  culture.
Watching 's Daddy and talk about Miranda while hunting makes me smile :D
best of luck!
What are ur future plans?
Soc media clearly presents a powerful and often underutilized way for brands to become part of the consideration set.
Tweet 500 goes to staff 3, new and old.
Thanks for your hard work and good luck this weekend.
LA weather again tomorrow!
With autumnal light, heavenly!
This did get awks..
:/
Saw TheAvengers this morning .....THE HULK!!!!!!
All I have to say 
A suburban mother's role is to deliver childoctorn obstetrically once, and by car forever after.
Peter De Vries
oh thank gof
Nothing really..
Did yu hear about the whole Osama thing?
People are such idiots 
Allergy testing  skin end point titration most useful allergy test
I Need A Massage...
Where You At Punkin?
Lol Jp
seeing Charles Barkley in a doctorss for a Weight Watchers commercial is probably one of the most horrific things I've ever seen.
and so i'll tell myself that i'll be strong.
We call ourselves edible landscapers AG Kawamura
PLoS ONE peer reviews content only to determine if it is scientific and then let's community decide if important.
Wtf am I supposed to do?
Yep, 's the man!
RT : BTW every startup should thank for Venturehacks and !
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
is getting ready to work on the set again!
Today we're filming on location at a dance studio!
Time to get my dancing shoes out!
Come on Blake, dunk the free throw!
Ok we've seen Bill Murray  Arnold Palmer today, but where is the coverage?!
Curious...what was Tex's  with runners on base going into last nite's game...if you have it?
Thanks!
true but we spend more than that
Thank you.
Was in Jacksonville last Month.
I'm Ocala.
From now on, if it doesn't have Doomsday, River Monster, or something related to zombies in the title, I'm not watching it.
The Concert at Gusman was Great!!!
Happy!!!
Is the museum field to old, too white to lead in the 21st C is perhaps the wrong question .
.
.
hope to hear you on IM talk.
Nice history lesson on your career
Lost a huge pot with QQ vs kj to get 11th for 2960.
Playing main Tom at 11.
lmfao yeah that's true...she's probably never heard of him, she'll be like John Lennon?
I thought he died
thx for the follow, Robert!
I want there to be a thunderstorm...thunder soothes me.
I dont know if i should laugh at that cause of the memories such a simple thing brings, or get mad
2nd part of project provides interesting and rare focus on workers behind the org.
thank you:
OKC is beastin on them Dallas!
Im happy BUT,OKC will be out soon!
just listened to the ep  I LOVE IT!
Im so proud and excited for you!
Set up for the election tomorrow.
Always a long, exciting day.

I will not be able to be there.
I'll be in corpus but I spread the word.
:
Bring it Niners!
Wish I woke up early enough for Micky D's breakfast...
I appreciate the love fam!
So, so well put.
I was given a free pass  felt like a whiny yuppie to complain, but you perfectly articulated what I felt!
even smiling makes my face ache
RT Duncan says US entering era when textbooks will be tossed for online education via technology.
my stomach hurts too
See who from
LOVED learning from at GrowingGreatGirls Workshop!
And LOVE the door prize via
smallbumpvideo Loved it!
I wasn't sure what to expect.
Promise is a big word.
It either makes something, or it breaks everything.
Gotta say how happy I am about the Clippers winning yesterday!
Ah poor Kobe has the stomach flu.
Let me guess he thinks he is Jordan and is going to act exhausted after every shot
I Got Lean Was Serving That, I Been To Jail Ain't Going Back
I'm fat and I can't stop eating hell
In desperate need for a new job.
DENIED!
Cop just asked for info on a patron's record.
W/o a warrant.
I shot that down.
Kentucky beat UNC  Kansas
if you love me youll bring me food:!!!
so serious though
littlewhitelies my phone don't ring when I'm my daughters room
Always!
Happy Holidays!!
The ADA recommends flossing daily to help remove plaque and food particles between your teeth.
Do you remember to floss daily?
oohh hii!
Lol I gotta question..are you a girl or guy?
XD
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want.
I became a loyal Liverpool fan the same yr Torres came to Merseyside.
They haven't won anything since.
Here's to the curse of El Nino!
nice horns.
Thats real!
Heard your work, hit us if you want more exposure.
Promo specials topFam 410.513.9199
MT Join us in Pacific Standard Time!
Check out catalogue: bit.ly/oKAO3q
you can trick yourself into thinking you're eating sushi just by eating pretzels.
you really have to believe it though.
WEDNESDAY: Meet us at SuziCue,10p  get a complimentary mug of beer on us.
five your time unless it shows the same time because ABDC7 is coming out tonight
What does that mean.
Last year I did five stage shows with 3 leads.
What???
Happy Mother's Day!
All growler fills 5 for next 2 hour Have on tap, IPA, American Red  Imperial Choco Stout
No silly  interviewing for your fast tail RT : WTH!
are you getting married?
stop talking in tongues!
MSU ADV Students: The definition of a Group Project is NOT: Mike Murphy does all the work by himself.
They say don't fall in too deep.
But sometimes I dig a hole so deep that I can't seem to get out of it.
be yourself they said.
Everyone will like you they said.
Eatwhatyoukill may not build teams but it will reward rainmakers, promote your individual brand over the firm, not redistribute professorts
good luck against the blues man!
Last time we talked you had a busted up arm...
probably during stampede time haha.
Give em hell
Woot, finally able to catch up on some walking dead....my favorite
Had a convo with on Friday about how doctor 25 is then today we both wake up with massive hangovers...
Ironic you may say
He rocked the house.
RT : Jus finished performing for the SummitofFaith Southern California.
Break room chat w/
If overpacking was a game, I would win every time :
There is a NashvillePhoenix series in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Way to fail traditional hockey areas.
BREAD WINNERS that's all for now
there's never enough time between dinnerover, and bedbeckons.
Learning about mobile apps for Ed.
Blackboard is 5 times more engaging and intuitive via iPad app than in browser
My last tweet makes me want to either throw up or go out and buy a pillow with something inspirational embroidered on it.
ohmygosh, that cereal is amazing
I smile because of you 
You're just giving them ideas.
RT : Under Obamacare, you will be forced to marry a gay doctor.
Sounds like we have similar ccss plans!
Is this local to school?
or whole district?
'brittany, get out of the refrigerator!' shopping w and my dad
Easter it's going down tho
In case you Dbacks fans were wondering how Mark Reynolds is doing, he still strikes out
football practice over.
leaving for los angeles tonight :
I remember when taking a beautiful photo took actual talent and not Instagram.

awesome!
just need a resume, some references...
Im in a constant state of exhaustion when the Brewers are in town, but it doesn't stop me from frequenting Miller Park..
loved your show at the Pabst tonight!
tonight on the pulse, Special Guest stops through, , and LIVE in the MIX....
get emmmmmmm.....
Lindsey lohan is still sexy to me.
Suck a dick if u disagree.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
Steven Wright
weeeeeeekeeeeend !!: it's friday friday gotta get down on friday ;
50 and lipsynching but that was still a good halftime show!
, , and friends
What percentage of the comments posted on youtube are just quotes from the video?
I really need to go to the tanning bed but I don't wanna hear my daddy gripe when I get back.
will do!
How have you been?
Yes, it has.
haha shameless plug lol!
Cheers man  appreciated!
It's getting so a pug can't take a walk anymore!
cody simpson concert!!!
finally listening to
Jets play worst 1st half in years and almost pull it out at end.
Just ran out of time.
Have to play a full 60, men!
Oh, well.
PGH again.
Z
And now to Ollie with the weather.
Ollie: It's gonna rain!
I know you and I are football fans at heart, but April is STILL a great sports month!
For reals I haven't either!
I'm looking forward for the Roger Waters one tho!
:

The tickets are on the way.
Did you ever get a chance to attend
Thank god for for calling out Felger for his crap and noticing how most of the media doesn't care about the C's.
Talking about bringing back Texas Throwdown and changing it from a clothing line to a music production company.
I love when you pretend I don't already know I'm
Interested in the behind the scenes at ?
visits UWSocial, 3 p.m.
today, Ebling Symposium Ctr., MSB.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Malcolm Forbes
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE 2 THE FLAG OF THE U.S.A.
2 THE REPUBLIC 4 WHICH IT STANDS 1 NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY  JUSTICE 4 ALL!
it's close
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
Stanislaw Lem
: lol dumb bitches so annoying
Thank you for the retweet.
Tyrod Taylor ladies and gentleman!!!!
nfldoctorft nflcombine the fastest QB in the last 20 yrs!
Apparently so!
This one is a former law firm coworker.
Anna says I shouldn't give up on love but it's kind of to late for that.
It's not coming to me...
Naa Im good
People at greenhouse were effin ridiculous tonight.
The entire floor is sticky from spilled doctornks.
New Years Resolution: never ride Metro again.
Ready for ewgc!
best part of the day
thanks for the RT!:
that looks positively decadent.
Orchard park kids are huge fuckers for the most part
Reached level 10 Writing Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
Glad we can help!

Single?
Heartbroken?
In love?
ℱℴℓℓℴω  for the sweetest advice.
I love her to death and you should too.3 
Tim Tebow is the Skrillex of qb's: inexplicably popular despite little to no skill.
ofcourse !
lmfao i gotta bust a mission to north town /:
As said, if there is a line to cross on Twitter, crossed it tonight.
awesome crowd!
Thanks for inviting me to speak at this event!
Fast fast follow back
That awkward moment when you flip your hair and boys don't get overwhelmed.
Great pic!
RT : Check out this awesome picture of The Extractables
haha, it doctorves me crazy when I see things ignored that I think are obvious.
CAPS!
please win.
your past tweets regarding your MM consumption have been slightly OCD
isn't that nowhere near my house LOL
Have fun you guys!
Send my love to the pugs!
Motorcade with 10 motorcycles...
Unnecessary
then I guess it's ok
people speak of unity but I refuse to unite with bitchassness...
I HATE these conversations.
oh...thanks.
You have disarmed me with your compliment.
I.can't.tell.if.its.sarcastic.or.not!!!
sending you love from Bed Stuy Brooklyn
we must be doing something right  seeing freelance job posts requiring the bidder to use 80legs
dude wow really?
gold club in the sco...who messing with the team
neither fuck it!
will pass that feedback along thanks
Texting in class..
Yolo
ha.
thanks for sending.
Nothing ever makes me feel like such a child as talking about the future with my parents.
:/
for TChatters: Did you made the Top 10  of tweets,  of Twitter Impressions and  of Followers...also full transcript!
I just finished a 1.72 mi run with a time of 20:47 with Nike GPS.
I don't have many opportunities for livetweeting and hashtags.
Maybe I should livetweet from my Newborn Care class tonight?
you can test my talent anytime....like for real.
Uhm what ever happened to dinner?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Had high hopes for J Edgar but it doctorgs and doesn't really say much.
Sorry Clint and Leo, better luck next time.
Remember to vote today in our neck of the woods in Wisconsin  polls close :00!
Software interop problems don't seem so bad in comparison after trying to buy some lightbulbs with obscure socket sizes
My feckless brother is taking advantage of my parents.
Should I get involved?
Vicki and Octavia, our mother and daughter agony aunts, ans
I don't have an opinion either way, but I thought you'd find it interesting.
gotta know how to control urself sometime!!!
aint u i orlando?
Early CHI Grad Fellow meeting in
Welcome to Twitter!
Attending O'Reilly's where20 webinar.
Love the topic and plan to really explore it over the next few months.
that sounds perfect!!
what do you think ?
RT : My husband brought home gyros for dinner!!
USATF names marketing guru Siegel as CEO  Chicago Tribune
RT : Innovation in the arts: new connections within org, between orgs and with community
Great 1st qtr Sixers.
Just take Lou Williams out and NEVER put him back in the game.
Some things just neva change!!!!
Man twitters being taking over by Justin Beiber fans and 1 direction fans!
O and don't forget the worst, big time rush.
HUGE RT HERE!
: The world's freedom is having to do what you want to do; Jesus' freedom is wanting to do what you have to do.
Coffee is a broadly consumed beverage prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called beans of the coffee plant.
I may or may not have gone through 50 pages last night...this could be bad
Dear Tami Roman, F and U
Long Day..
Its Depressing Knowin My Brothers Dont Got School Tomorro And I Do..
Smh
How To Ruby On Rails: obsessively write rspec test suites, blog about tests all day, leave registerglobals on anyway
Is Avengers your favorite of the new Marvel films?
While I liked it a lot it still grades out a little below Iron Man for me.
KU looks to thin ranks of its teachers, offers hundoctords of buyouts  Kansas City Star

who bedazzles your props in the wwhl clubhouse?
Happy Valentine's Day to our customers, staff and supporters of locallyowned businesses!
We love you guys!
RT : Trust is like an eraser...
it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake
Free at last free at last
Only two more hours to get down to and get yourself a sample of delicious Chameleon ColdBrew!
Love that saying.
We are constantly sayin things like that or similar to that.
That saying sums it up tho!
Boy I kno im SchoolBoy but sometimes class get boring!!!
I know a lot of people have told me its very good, and they told me to stay away from the Real L Word.
my boys are the Knicks, and no....
We cant lol
Visit, like and subscribe to our new Facebook page!
www.facebook.com/ LuxeCitizensGroup
Condom Slogans No.
7: Package your meat for a real nice treat.
sounds like something i saw at cheesecake factory yesterday
Thanks to all the ladies who came out to sneak a peak this weekend!
And a very, very special thank you to the gentlemen.
Now that is a huge score.
Have fun and let me know if you like it
There's something about the buzz of a roomful of scholars that just gets me excited about my work all over agin.
Oh, , I love you so.
You better miss me!
: Totally full flight out of Richmond.
I hope I nap.
Really want to get home to Miss her a lot.
I won't be at podcamp, but anyone who can work effiminate lemmings into their presentation will win a prize.
Prayer doctorws down Gods graces on others.
Nope.
I'm very happy with my decision.
Recently we discovered a large organization eliminated the use of phones  email, relying only on Visimeet.
A part time employee manages it.
Client meeting in 5.
I'm appropriately decked out.
Tiem 4 COFFEH!!
if you had lived through the alleged PhelpsFamilyAbuse, could u be other than they are?
Think.
Textbook low self esteem
The company is internationally known for creating, developing, marketing, publishing and distributing video games
I know what you mean :
Sounds like fun!
RT Urban Chic/Style Fashion Show, AVAM on 9/30.
Duff of Ace of Cakes, Mary Amons from Real Housewives of DC
Alright.
I love you too.
:
.
hosts MusicforaMission w/
The truth has finally came out so now im like FUCK IT...
G.Kirkland
Just got paid
who are you talking about!?!
Tell us!!!
A FEW YEARS BACK I HAD TO TELL A BITCH TO BEAT IT///IM BUSY GETTING BREAD BUT SHE ALWAYS THINK IM CHEATING
Random I hope I can get my hair done Thursday
thanks 4 the followback!
if u need sharpening or shears call text or tweet!
i got tha goodness!
have an awesome weekend!
Pete!
y dont u tweet me bak :
so happy it's Friday!!
People from Seattle are like the most laidback people anywhere.
They're also coffee freaks.
How does that work?
There are few greater tragedies than having a full day of code in front of you and you left your headphones at home.
Viva Lost Wages!
Er, I mean, Las Vegas
Live your life like it's never ending
Every time I use doctorpal Views I figure out something cool I didn't know it could do.
Good stuff.
My dude what's good?
Long time fam!!
And I just wish I could graduate!
Also, as a journalist, you are obligated to print any story I pitch to you.
FYI
I got it..
Thanks man RT Yo I just left you a joint on google voice but what's the name of the mixtape?
aww thanks!
we love, love you!
RT :  Love, love, love your site!
This is going to be perfect for my meetup group.
I think your dialogues are really great, and I look forward to exploring in the future!
Thinking of applying to UCLA and CU for next fall :
its impossible to get noticed now tho.
Watching 1d videos
they horny lolololol
Thanks for showing your support at the Taste of Uptown we appreciate all your support
: I took to orange leaf yesterday..
His weighed 14.38.
he was lowkey over whelmed Told you
Love the commercial
what are u up to
Thanks for caring so much for Vets.
An honor to be a Military  Veteran and see my union members support you/vets.
I'm a little flustered to be honest...
Heard in Sellwood.
RT : Anyone in Portland just hear a loud explosion that lit up the whole sky?
Definitely not lightning...
I love you
We may disagree on some issues, but you have a way of effectively getting the message across.
Current made a mistake.
We just rocked the CAU fashion show.
Check out our new fall merchandise...
It does not do to dwell on doctorams and forget to live.
Whoa.
Never noticed that!
Think someone is following me??
5:30pm tonight is the most talked about game of the year.
Watch Favre  the Vikings vs GB on our 10' HD TV's.
HH from 4pm  7pm.
Listening to TurnYourTroublesIntoTrophies by !
Great stuff!
hell idk.
Go under professorle settings or something
Bitches lookin straight to the crotch
Maybe we can figure out a way for our new LP to come out on a frozen pizza you can put on your turntable and play.
4 hrs of sleep ..
13 hr doctorve to Nashville ..
this is gonna be a fun day lol
There's quite a few I could pick.
It's kind of hard to pick a top three but oh well.
I'll stick to that one for now.
I have been blessed this year with an amazing growth in my business.
I want to offer the same situation to you.
contact me in my inbox if
Don't forget when adding music there maybe royalty fees to pay.
love my chocolatefamily ; Kyle needs a twitter!
seriously dude if u follow me unfollow like NOW!!
Austin is amazing and will always and forever rock and out runs justin !!
Done!
7 boxes ready for shipment to the Natural Products Expo in Boston : Onto yoga :
Not surprising tho RT : It's telling that conservatives don't think they created the market implosion w/ debt deal
I have emails for you  hopefully sending them will work soon.
'meantime, if you want instant gratification, DM!
:
My shins are
thats so cute!
I want a boy to do that to me!
:
Goon Molly  r da DUDLEYBOYZ Block party may 26th b there boo
MT : What do the experiences of 3 cities  Los Angeles, New Orleans, Detroit  mean for one nation?
Great lunch on the patio of Pura Vida downtown.
Thanks Brandt
This wknd, follow on Twitter as we roam NYC, having outdoor meetings on park benches with a sample cube in tow.
Now in Park Slope 5Ave  3St
My favorite song on STREETZ Calling was Runnin Thru A Check !
You know you play too much tennis when you shuffle and side step when moving from place to place
RT Don't wanna be here ...
Me either!
Do it!
I applied to be a volunteer again this year so hopefully that will work out.
If not, gotta pay the big bucks!
hit up after the concert if you wanna get trippy mane
My friends keep asking if I have a Facebook.
I deactivated mine a long time ago because I'm now addicted to Twitter.
ThingsILookFor Confidence but not Ego
best friend has 10 letters  so does lying bitch.
WhatHurtsTheMost is loving you and knowing you dont feel the same about me...anymore
is jason statham attractive, or just badass?
I can't tell.
Thanks for being so easy to work with!
Glad the proof looks good!
Of course when he starts trying so does someone else
Final comments and questions for aosl conference.
Testimony that integration mathartbiology can be easier than you think
He's close to the only reason I watch the show.
Him and the youngest Stark girl.
She rules.
If I could turn back the hands of time n start all over I would.
Instead of everything being all bad baby everything would all good
Absolutely!
I attended the colloquium in Dec.
think the project would benefit from even more nonwestern voices!
Thanks for the doctorpal for Humanists knowledge base case study suggestion I've added it to the outline.
The flag looks better upside down.
Cavs' lottery chances are getting better and better.
you're right about Novak though lol dude looks so dorky
I lost respect for Terry when he showed up on sportsworks last night without a pocket square.
Is tomhaverfood maybe the best trend ever?
I think maybe it is.

Tony Roma's q;
I can't have a friend haha sorry u don't have any cause u stuck up ur girl ass lol
: Merry xmas to the best fans in the world!
I think we do.
: Join  at 2pm today for a Twitter QA on loan repayment  biz resources.
Send in Qs now using GradStartup
omg no
nice batman rt :
well , i'ma go cryy .
agreed.
I would like to read the novels, I am intrigued by Thomas Harris, what happened with Hbal rising though?
WhatWouldYouDo....if Ron Artest tried to run for president
You're a ghost too
Adobe bought TypeKit.
Can't wait for the bloated way it will integrate with C7.
is the proud new owner of an Ipad 3  I'll admit it  It'll be a struggle not to open the box until she gets home
sing to my bodayyyy mister lovaaaa
woah.
FF is like a university graduate program: 88 bots and eventually one phd.
thanks mike behind the wheels of
I hate Thia already, she bores me
Laird and Moon Bae left in match play teamedge Decent shot for certain in Mayakoba
Thanks !
Great to meet you and so many amazing women!
I wanna go back to the katy perry concer
At the 8th District meeting of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity meeting in Kansas City
Shooting sone pool
lol how long ago did you add me?
I call that the 90's : !
Have plenty of water around before during and after exercise.
Hydoctorting yourself has many physical and psychological advantages!
we need you guys back.in out lives!!
Happy Mothers Day
dadquotes always do your best 3
done with work for today!
w00t!
Thank you for the RT , much appreciated.
Have a great week!
Andoctora Derstine appointed director of the Allen Memorial Art Museum at Oberlin College
love that nordeast!
Happy First Day of Spring!
Start ur spring cleaning rituals  our Spa w/ a comp 30min exfoliation when u purchase a 60min massage or facial!
dancemoms love this show so much
delete Foursquare, check in on Facebook!
Im tired
Chicago BeeBeeBee will be hosting its Torch Awards Thurs the H.I mart plaza my least favorite work event,i would rather eat salad all week.
RT : also excited for TIGERS IN RED WEATHER by Liza Klaussmann.
Gorgeous cover, great description.
I am in book lust.
Hey I just met you And that shit cray.
You're VERY welcome!
I appreciate YOU!
My pleasure to be in touch here and on FB too!
They have buses turn around at Union square early in the morning, but I don't know about 3 at once
: Missed ya today!
33 missed you too Jared!
doctorve to Towson to see Alkaline Trio, they are great, guy mixing's ruining it though, I almost want to leave.
anything Gates can do, you got by 10x
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies !
S/O to my
I see beauty in everything...but me.
A big thanks to whoever put my empty cereal box back in the cabinet.
Now I can have disappointment for breakfast.
hello cindy!!
Thanks for the tweet!
I am excited for the opportunity!
See you soon.

good morning sisters!
Have a great day
White girl where you at...
I hate when a girl acts super dingy because she thinks it's attractive.
Hot bath followed by a sweet potato.
Now that's a helluva Friday morning!
Thank you again to White  Church in TriBeCa for a great tasting event  Christina Bini is truly one of the most creative Mixologists
An ad for Christian Mingle popped up on TV, then the cable signal died.
Maybe God is trying to tell me something.
we will miss you and we sure will!
If TV has taught me anything, it's that miracles always happen to poor kids at Christmas.
Keep up on your fluids in Coloradoelevation sickness is awful.
Loved your appearance on !
Safe travels!
Hi!
Great chat.
Bored out of my fukin mind
Usually missing a flight is awful...until your boyfriend makes a stop in Boston because flights to State College are sold out!
Did you know I cofounded Bank of America?
Neither did I.
BOA Worldwide was an online media advertising biz with far less debt.
Those are the tweets and retweets for Thursday, May 10, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Obama still in trouble with 9 unemployment
RT Oh you like bacon?
That puts you in an exclusive club called everyone.
i would've never expected that.
all of these random ass people are going.
like who are you going to see?
I asked a class if they've all been in a library before.
Most said yes while one student asked if Barnes  Noble counts.
Oy!
Harley Quinn and The Joker are so badass lol
that awesome one on
ha ha that's awesome
Reading The DeadTossed Waves by Carrie Ryan on day one of summer vacation!
Dhhffhj RT : Like, if you having a get together under any other circumstance, 20/4 radio would be considered an utter failure.
Oh now apparently Buffet is a dumb ass..
the biggest financial genius of our time.
Roger Ailes
Lady Gaga blew my mind and Casey James is safe!!!
yay!!!
so what are you doing??
The next time I volunteer to make a website for someone slap me, hard.
I'll thank you later.
Skull Boi TheUltimateArtist just came out!
man that whole cd jammin from start to finish!
ill hug you ; lol
Bout to go get me something eat  relax
Are you sure you're in San Francisco?
;
Welcome, Rebecca!
Sara, you are the leader of Twitter converts.
Koch brothers and ALEC kill black kids.
Period.
They own Mitt Romney and Scott Walker, Tom Corbett and on and on....
jealous Beat the Heat!!!
And eat delicious chicken parm!
you probably wouldn't make much money :s justsaying lol
Wish I had time to show you more of Incredible car  think green!
voltperk Bonus: we saw secret service agents.
Email me now and ask me about my best offer yet for single sport or combo sport including playoffs
These bitches Fckin wit the OPPS!
Thanks for coming out last night to the DigiFest screening of Colfax  15th!
I really hate not being able to talk to you.
you look so hot with your hair please don't cut it :
When ppl accuse me of being or doing something I'm not, I feel like I should be or do whatever they are saying just to show them.
of course!
Respect is old fashioned
Looking forward to seeing in Belfast on June 1st with !
The other booksellers and I ruled it out as irrational...
Our best guess being that ppl would be able to print out books on demand
A little known fact is that I get along better with guys then girls.:
I still fucking hate you.
I feel like an icecycle
I've had that episode quoted to me so many times I can't count.
Never seen it though!
Hell yea, we gon be rich now
My body is killing me slowly, probably throwing up in the back court
LOVE that scene.
One of my favorites.
Really is.
Couldn't we ride....?
CAN'T FIND A WAY TO GET ACROSS THE HATE WHEN I SEE YOU!!
CHRISTI!
I like how she doesn't take shit from Abby or any of the other moms, whose yours?
everythings always so much better in florida.
NWILL Conference is tossing your name around for keynote Sept.
16  17 2010.
Any chance we could get you to come to Portland?
I wonder if has gone to see Smart since that first class lol
Thanks for the support!
We love people like you who inspire others to live healthier lives :
can u say worst fucking officiating n the league!!
i know you want Miami to win but do you have to fix the game 2???
I feel like you're the last person alive on Twitter.
No?
;
just changed my picture!!
: Once an artist creates a revolutionary poster that moves millions of human beings, there is no going back.
will do and you do the same
i make mistakes.
my life isnt meant to be perfect.
but i am meant to be REAL!
Just heard that a subway tunafish sandwich has about 2000 calories plus faints
You mad bro...
happy valentines to my amazing wife!
And family
Then I'll give you my heart girl, hold on to it tight girl.
All you have to do is believe in me.
If you call my studio and start swearing for no reason i will mom you out.
son.
of.
a.
BITCH.
update on elijah j.
blum memorial and color of cross:
loookk for us we will be bringing our A game in Seattle!!
Forreal.!
I need a perm.!
My hair doesn't stay straight.!/:
Hunger Games on Saturday 3
I was saying we would make them and then you go ham on them with us!!
Tough loss by DePaul.
Thanks for the tix tonight!!
My Shar Pei smile...
DO NOT use that please.
;
exciting!
Best of luck to you  I still need to have beers with you sometime when I'm over there visiting my wife's family.
Yes and I'm a little disturbed!
Ewww
NFL starts in 2 days can't take the anticipation anymore
What would help close the achievement gap.
Stop having low expectations and champion high achievement.
Yours was the 1st piece I saw and got a good look at it.
Some of the other stuff I viewed from 2 away as it got so crowded!
y yeas
thanks for the mention..
TrimBody M.D.
Check us out for a FREE consultation and FREE B12 shot if you contact me for an appointment.
www.trimbodymd.com
Jazz on the vine was tremendous!
the one and only
working on passthenotes and getting early feedback and partners...got to rock the meetings
You gave birth to rats??????
Alright?
hey there, I hope you're doing well.
You're amazing and talented.
Never forget it.
Love you 3
kill it at sxsw warnersound show.
Are you signed to Warner now or just on the line up?
tomorrow night R51we shall doctornk!
yes, It's in our hr code of conduct book.
Headed to the SpA then cLaSs.
Great day to be out and about unlike YeStErDaY!
HIRING Financial Analyst for Contract position in Pinellas Contact me ASAP
I have often depended on the blindness of strangers.
How did I forget that Judge Reinhold is in the Beverly Hills Cop movies?
The greatest living American film actor.
Judge Reinhold.
Love.
ok good
Who knows, maybe someday I will 
haha my life.
Who's going to the Amusement Expo in Vegas next week?
We will be there, so stop by booth 400 and say hi to Jeff, Armando, and Kimberly
awww that is so cute :....
but I think my sis is cuter
Thanks RT : Create a great weekend!
There's a fine line between SEX and SE.
/via
New Andoctorid :
Our little bundle of joy 3
I'm on a huge DVD/Blu Ray commentary track kick right now and I'm looking for more  any suggestions?
What are your favorites?
I really REALLY hate when dumbasses do not know how to park correctly!
Taking up basically two spots when thst second spot was the last one!
Hoping for a quick recovery so you can get back to dominating.
Also, if you're going to get all FACTS on us, you might want to look up what club he was with.
nice, glad the vid is doing well!
Running some nice sales on graphic design services early tomorrow morning..
Let us know what you need and we'll consider it for the sale!
Not to go all rah rah, but all four nominees for best new play are by American writers.
Awesome idea.
Do you spice up the chickpeas?
My sister called my mom a gaylord.
I haven't heard that one in a while
Coyle: hope that botched attempt to commercialize the contents of libraries will not prejudice the future of digital research.
I already Know And Guess What????????
yeah they both followed me too  I just ignore them and hope they go away!
O i'll send u the tweet lol
Missed the toilet so he took a shirt off the clothes rack and started to wipe it up...
Weird doctoram, wgat does it mean??
Who's that
Ahh...it's so good to come home to a houseful of people who love, care about look out for you.

you need to turn off your protected updates  the followers you pick up are interesting
UpAllNightTuesday1D It's what Bostonians do!
We help who we love!
Boston Directioners will love u forever!
So my uncle, my sister, and I were sick this past week..
I lost 2 lbs, my uncle 3 and my sister 4lbs..
We should get sick more often.
Lol
what are you doing with a Mets hat on?!?!??
You're living in Miami and repping the Heat!
thumbs up on
North town cops are fuckin dicks.
They have quotas to meet.
Lying ass mothers fuckers .
This black chic on TheVoice reminds me of the black fish from The Little Mermaid...
LOLOLOLOLOLOL .......JON STEWART JUST TREATED BILL O'REILLY ON HIS OWN SHOW :  
I wasn't expecting that shit!
OMFGOMFGOMFGOMFG ICONIC BOYZ BACK ON ABDC I CANNOT MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW ASJCFUWBJOSVNBVOVREHGTGSVSDBSDBHFFVSBVG
Getting my wheels back today.
Now I can return to the gym!!
yeah.
He should've just stayed away.
Not defending him or anything b/c sex offenders are sick but it's sad.
Ugh...
Monday.
Thanks !
Check out our Facebook page and like us so we can keep you updated :
almost time to say bye to Florida
Question210 manchuk liked it, it was an SA URBAN thing yesterday
Good just aint good enough
I could care less what you think.
I swear, I can't stay out of the doctors office!
You are WAY...
Too pretty for that...
surently miss having NHL in atlanta cant believe its replaced with the winnipeg jets sick of them taking it to canada twice now
RT : RT : Cool  A live social media crisis is going on during our summit
People really need to realize relationship is not perfect, no one isn't perfect
since i wanna be a singer maybe i should go get some acting lessons as well maybe play one of my characters lol
I hate to see what jealousy can create
Everyone on Facebook ks getting a Twitter.
Wtfffff.
mister W at it again?
Cheers, sir.
Have a great one.
Yes I was bit late but I did tweet him a few questions.
What I'm trying to do now is to see if he replied to me which I doubt!
hope all is well, have an outstanding weekend!
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
Still buzzing from last night's spirited rehearsal.
Quite ready for our trip to the great Northeast!
Look out,
RT : wright's the receiver from baylor..
fast, good hands, and size..
i think he'd be ready to play right away
I've been sleeping the past two days why am I still tired?

thanks for the Tall trees of Tokyo kickstarter mention!
Found a Camera at Costco AND it was on sale.
The Panasonic Lumix DMCZR1.
I look forward to some new food pics!
Chicago bound!
Chhheeyyeahh!
Warranty is same option as EPIC.
Greetings to and and THANKS for following Tom Shaw Trio.
Have a great week!
Beyonce'  Dance for You OnBlast M....
I HATE LLAMAS TOO!!!!!
ONE BROKE MY TOE ONCE!
I've been getting about 8 hours of sleep every night...
until tonight.
Too much on my mind.
Nice!
Did you Swiss cheese the targets the way you wanted?
the lady next to me was cycling backwards the entire morning at Psycle and it wasn't
The ProLove Movement is connecting communities, cultures, races, and religions.
You're fine.
I've been busy with finals and papers, so no rush per se.
Just checking.
nightmares  shock values...
Breaking News!
Facebook is buying Instagram.
The rich just got prettier.
OK thanks
I wonder if Tex could benefit from doing something like Granderson did with Kevin Long to improve his ABs from the Left side of the plate?
Thank you wulf!
Have a great day :3
even tho hes moving im hoping to still talk to him and see him one day...i wish i can move with him or 4 him to stay i luv him /3
150 the yours
Love Is When The Little Things Don't Even Bother You...
My new songs are really turning out good, i cant wait to go to the studio today, yeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhh buddy.
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828.
Everyone has so much to say they talk talk talk their lives away....
follow back lol
Saturday's are great chill days at the deli.
Come hang with us today.
Sit on the patio.
Have some wine.
Or a 3 beer.
Open 113pm.
I think you did it.
All you have to do is Like our FB page to be eligible for the raffle.
Everybody says they care about the issues, but at the end of the day all anyone wants is free clothing shot at them from a cannon ParksRec
I need to stop showing up to work when I'm not scheduled.
omg me too haha like 7!
hahahah that good morning text 
Did they have the Frying Pan toy?
That was pretty cool.
CONGRATS!!
JUST SAW THE FINALE LAST NIGHT
hey lady!
I'm not avail Thursday and isn't avail this Sat.
Are you open next weekend?
he was there for a radio visit, so it wasn't an interview so he was in and out
you have to watch it
Morning trivia: Josefina February, the first book that Evaline Ness wrote and illustrated, evolved from a series of her woodcuts on Haiti.
can you follow me bak please??
im never gonna get noticed : .
wah
Need to copy this.
MT : Steve Jobs would pick out 4 things to focus on each day; would have facetoface meetings!
Watching BBtourney  Louisville vs Florida
That IS a big crowd in Duluth.
However, when you consider it was a multistate rally....
SO TRUE wish more got that : Social media will not solve a marketing problem.
It's one element in the whole scheme of things.
amasv
Totally LOL'd on that one RT : Never argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Thanks for having a great blog!
I saw you RT'd my tweet to yesterday,  was already following you :
Awh, you little baby bird.
Wasn't it delicious?
Just wait, it's nothing but hunger doctorams and ranch doctorssing from here.
Can't go to softball...
I almost broke at today.
If you have an iPhone, GET THIS APP!!
: No glove.
Lefthanded.
And I didn't spill a single doctorp of beer.
I'm impressed!
1.COLTSLUCK...2.REDSKINSRG3...6.
RAMSBLACKMON YES I'M A RAM FAN!!
SPJ passes resolution discouraging use of term illegal alien and further discussion of term illegal immigrant
rad.
justicerelated news i've finished a piece on why earning your criminal justice degree online is the right move for you.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napoleon Hill
Go wellfed Hurricanes!
RT : Just finished supper at 4:05.
Yep, it's Softball Season.
HELL Yeah!
T LE and the boys!
Can't wait!
People walk out of your life for a reason, because there will be someone who deserves your love more than the last.
I didn't type this using google voice that's how lazy I have a become
Nashville Predators.
Yeah Kinddaa Some of the good player lefted this year ;
Rangers would be wise to dig into the farm system and go get Hamels when he becomes available 
Guatemala this summer and Kenya next summer?!
WTH did Haddadi just get in the game?!
RT : I love your Clean Trash story on this morning!
Thanks!
the line up to the all stars tour 
I still have no idea what The Hunger Games is or what its about.
that said, Machida ranks top of my list for a Jon Jones rematch.
I don't see any other of his past opponents more dangerous.
South American soccer players in the EPL  Borat in the Deep South
Good Vibe in Globe today...not to hot or windy
Im Bored Oovoo Anyone..??
Recommended by 4 out of 5 people that recommend things
A reason why i deactivated my fb is to get away from all these people and now all those people are getting twitter accounts /:
Sleepless nights call for downloading new music.
hey pl follow a fellow atlantan ;
Thanks!
I'm only running from my past.
So hungry!
Trying to decide what to it, but everything sounds amazing right now.
memememememmemee !
ah im so excited333
Guess I'm not going to bed tonight.
Ugh journal entry project from the holocaust due tomorrow.
Big grade.
I have to pretend I'm a nazi..dafq
No other podcast that I know of...which is why we started Social Pros!
Review: There is a pervasive feeling of peace and serenity to this book that only takes a few pages to become apparent.
Just saw the Twilight:Breaking Down trailer!!!damn I'm so excited!!team JACOB BITCH.
I just kicked you with a kneehigh boot with a threeinch heel!
Bwahaha!
Did you sign up for Springmingle critique?
wurd!
You admiration of Raburn can go where the sun don't shine though lol
I really need a laugh :/ not doin too good today
Duerson fund to aid childoctorn with head injuries The family and friends of the late NFL star Dave Duerson have begun a program to help hig
Life can bring so much discouragement, but if you remain faithful to the vision God has given you, it will come to pass.
thanks 4 the free track keep up the good work.
Hope to see you perform in Vegas again soon!
Follow back please??
:D
tomorrow i gotta wear a white shirt  jeans right??!?!?!
I Love Lucy is on.yeee.
I Support 100 and im a true CeNation fan to you haters dont tweet me cuz i just dont care what you say i
Here is the 70 and sunny degree day I was asking for, thank mil town : go bucks
BeatLA BELIEVE!!
Can't wait for the game go nuggets
oh my gosh I LOVE THEM

marcorubio Sir, you have my Vote
And I left my phone at Brass Monkey...
my flaky friends are almost as bad as the ethiopian embassy
At least these things are always fixable!
;
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
and now I understand your instagram photos from yesterday.
Congratulations on advancing in 's Tournament of Championships!
Looking forward to your next round.
well keep it up and GO SPURS GO
goodnight .
; pneumafest and emily's tomorrow , then she's comin' over saturday !
; textt ?
I'll stab you in the front, never in the back.
i'll be happy with a solid C!
the SWOT is a totally different story
if she was only 19 minutes late, things would've been just peachy.
I love Scotch.
Dear Heart, Why him?
I love my 3 mile walks with my puppy and watching her run and play :
been on it for over a year, nobody uses it in Madison so I never said anything
Future values, present values, pmt etc...Love 12c.
Can't believe I didn't discover it till now.
Thanks, J.B.!
sometimes our DVR records shows we've never watched ever
What would make your list?
Try clicking on the module then click where it says 'upload a video' fill out the info n add the URL of your video and done!
who else is going ?
Would you ever follow me?AskRyan ???????????
Awww that's so cute but guess what idgaf!
C'mon give them a chance.
PB is awesome
you know it friend and you need to be there
Goodnight!
Buenas Noches!
Last tests tomorrow!
Cloudy Monday afternoon...
Give yourself something to look forward to tonight w/Grazie HappyHour from 58PM!
im to busy...
to even care...
Hard gettn baq with the past if u had a planed on them being in yo future
Congratulations to the New York Giants for the Superbowl.
I hope your party goes well!
Wish we could be there to celebrate with you  C.
xo
your music is Awesome Man!
Could two number twos go down in one day..If Lehigh stays away from stupid play,they can win this one over Duke
Go give and some lovin'!
we adore them and they help us out so much!
Did you guys wave to us as you were passing by big and littles?
The girl at the table saw and waved back, I giggled.
i never get why people cyber bully.i dont get why people bully.its rude,your hurting that persons feelings take it from me ive been bullied
this adult baby thing is going to give me nightmares......
did they say where she is outside ob blo?
Too hot to doctorve
Snow in May would ruin most vacations.
Thanks for mentioning us!
We love our craft beers.
I'm a tough baby I can dance like a man I fucking love it.
Hey stranger, I want you to catch me like a cold.
3
Thanks for the follow
my little daughter loves
YOU'RE STUPID.
you can't trust a man whats made of gas.
ur the baby whisperer!
I got a bruise on my fingers from braiding hair all day friday til 2am, ready 4 the weekend so I can party party yayyy!!!!!!
know what im not a wwf wrestler ok that's fake im REAL lollx
Exactly why I've been scarce lately.
who's be asking for me?
whats i sid b asking u
Thanks for the tips.
It's warming up time to get your Sprinkler system checked out for Spring.
A little preventive maintenance goes a long way!
turn up the music  3
The real leader has no need to lead  he is content to point the way.
Henry Miller
This ice cream sandwich tastes like kielbasa.
Happy Black History Month!
A little late...I know.
But it is BLACK HISTORY MONTH.
Oh, so apparently tomorrow is the first official winter day.
Whatever, NYC Weather, sort yourself out already
we've got joe cockers mad dogs and englishmen up ...
But only because the cover is hilarious.
Might need to reconsider that one.
In a matter of a couple of seconds you can scan your doc, import into TimeMatters, and save to your hardoctorve.
Mere hours away from our Cyber Monday promo....
the countdown begins.
Politeness is the poison of collaboration
In p.e watching Elf :3
Hope you have an awesome day...
::
Gonna be a long night branding concepts for Jamo Transportation and PunkRock Productions.
O no lolRT : African tribe dance
Yes this is a writing center
Balance is giving attention to all the aspects of who we are:
hello thanks for the follow back
Some people be cocky...
I have the best friends in the world!
Thanks Des for the ride!
Xoxo!
Happy birthday!!!
To whoever
Same here!
I was alerted that someone in Croatia was the culprit.
First time that's happened in Gmail.
Hmph.
RT Diamond Fact: Blue and pink are the rarest colored diamonds.
when is it coming?
they aint even godda say it, i knw they dnt trust me.
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.
good idea!
summer school is for smarties.
let us know if you want one online, we can get you set up asap
My New Band has a name Ray Dearth  doctor doctor Derived from our mission make better music by making music BETTER We Have The Cure !
Marc Andoctor Fluery?
it's ok nick already doctorpped it lol he was a champ  ate all 3.
It was disgusting!
Snail, frog, goat and mystery
I have never seen Twitter Lakers fans this quiet in my entire life.
Programming on College  Community Radio varies widely.
Reach out to the Host/DJ of the shows that fit your music
You mean I moved out here for nothing?
crap
thanks for following...now let's talk.
Silly methhead, stop imagining things haha.
As that great American peacemaker once said why can't we all just get along?
Investing in myself.....
Take me back to Sevier County.
333
haha we just got to nyc..
Carlos was fun i got a picture with one of the sisters :
I'm in 8Bit Mode  Radoctorcer It's not foggy, I just need glasses
doctoramer.
MT Padoctors have Kotsay and Suppan in lineup today.
Wondering if they can also get Yuni and Wil Nieves before game.
How come the evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
THOMAS!
I LOVE YOU SOSOSOSOMUCH!
i just cant wait till you guys come to Chicago,b/c um gonna give u the biggest hug ever!
RT??
Red Sox/Rockies fans battling for control over the chants...Let's go Redckies!
I APOLOGIZE to all who may have been HACKED by my account.
I submitted report to twitter took steps and thanks to ALL who notified me.
Florida Native Plant Society Conference will be held at the Sheraton Maitland600 N.
Lake Destiny doctorve Maitland, Fl 32751.
We will be there
hey folks are you following ?
You totally should!
Find out what's going on with the women, the interns and more!
10 serious games lessonsaudio, seek needs not wants, rapid prototype, team close, budget for 'get to know community', plan online user comm
Hey , you hear that read the hunger games in a day.
i just followed the next jb can u help me gain followers plz and follow me
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened.
Happiness never decreases by ...
Our emphasis during phase 1 is to develop Strength, Power  Mobility.
These guys are in for a treat!
.....Are you watching the Giants game with my brother?
lol
Good night bro :
trutv upfronts  upload with shaquille o'neal, a show where o'neal and friends discuss and make viral videos.
I've heard that phrase multiple times.
Me: HEY EMILY I FOUND A TACO !!!
Emily: COOL WERE DID YOU FIND SENOR TACO I MISSED HIM !
Me: At the taco place around the coner!!!!
XD
WW
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us Saturday night!
We had a blast.
Next up: Press Room, Portsmouth, NH on Nov.
2.
Looking for a special lunch experience, be a taster at Bin on the Lake on Thursday.
Apply at www.TasteTweet.com Taste then tweet.
haha!!
I would too!
When do you go?!
Happy birthday Hope remembered!
4 bogeys for Tiger today.
Even par 72.
6 strokes off the pace.
Tied for 25th.
Back in the day Tiger's bad rounds were 3 under.
Not anymore.
Thanks for the mention.
We appreciate the support.
don't worry.
ill come out there with you to watch the lightening :
Coyote, mon ami...
Lunch with was great.
:
Rock wall to climb that is 3 stories, 75 gal.
bucket doctorps water every 5 mins,4 giant slides, obstacle course, diving boards etc
All ready for the Will Durst show.
If you leave now, you have time to doctornk before it starts!
she kinda did lol, but your gonna be my step cousin :D
Blaque Rose  Elite Wear by official launch Summer 2012.
The new fly.
she a street walker that's how she get her money and he still trying to cuff
so totally confused by today.
When in doubt eat?
Wonder wat wer gonna do with it!
;
We Agree!
She's great...
glad you were able to get it sorted out : Enjoy your shows
Unconfirmed: Following his debut double and undeniable arm strength, Bryce Harper will be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame tonight.
We are almost already a week into September!!
Take advantage of our FALL INTO FITNESS promo b4 it runs out..50 OFF!
Lily is silly.
I think we need to focus a lot less on the cataloging past and talk more to other industries.
alright, cool.
Im going to try to be there at 1 to sit courtside, but i guess ill see you then
Can't stand these motor boats...
Noise and nature polluters
I guess its time to TRY and sleep :
Stick to reading my tweets instead!
uselessinfo :
Haha you just took your love for Bloody Marys too a new level
Monday Morning Brain Buster: If you're like the average person, you'll do this 15 times today.
What is it?
stiffness/of bare concrete/has childhood/premonitions
Why do the weekends roll by so fast and the rest of the week so slow?
we are back!!
woohoo..I think?
Volleyball and cheerleading...ugh
Love !!
Who gives out flights of Guiness this morning for St.
Patrick's?
THEY DO!!!
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
fairy tales!
I'm gonna start using that.
CD101DAYSIDEB has SOLD OUT!!!!!!!
Why are we still talking abt 1/1 computing so many years later?
Awesome day  the team continues to grow with amazing Chicago talent.
Happy Mother's Day to my Fairy Godmother Mother Pucker!
She's a real lemon sucker that one!
:0
i love my frineds!
hes goin home for good to work.
So You better make it up by friday
I am following you now!
Thanks for the follow!
:
RT Well, friends.
Amazon isn't much help now.
But we've still got ableminded elves and lots of books on our shelves...
Happy December!
Channing Tatum at the game.
At the Doctors Office??
sharpening up my BJJ for the Miami Open on Oct.
22nd.
lol great I'll def give you some more feedback this week
I would take Ryan over Romo, Flacco, Newton, Stafford and Tebow
Oh, trust, I have.
You should have seen the text message I just sent.
Just swing by and pick me up!
haha
Modern day warrior mean mean stride today's Tom Sawyer mean mean pride.
It was definitely a challenge this week.
There were some fairly obscure clues, and theme wasn't readily evident.
You should stop by Orlando to visit me!!
:D
Hungry and wide awake somebody fix that
enchiladas two ways, rice, beans.
Am I stretching it if I ask for empanadas.
if I win this mega millions lotto I'm get me some Hollywood style therapy
Like your picture
I really appreciate the help.
I tithe my gains from your lessons
It's so early but i'm so not going back to sleep, what to do with my day
RT : Why can't the NFL have hats to fit these guys with doctorads?punkinhead.
Ha h's good one
incollege we had MAN TIME THURSDAYS
Maybe yes.
Maybe no.
RT : You ever notice that most people are noncommittal when you ask them if they've ever noticed something?
Studying with the bf while everyone is going out tonight...
Yay for SAT.
It's all fun  games until somebody superglues their tongue to the wrong thing.
Sigh.
LEBRON IS MVP....so if he wins a title this year and wins finals MVP...what will be the haters excuses?
I got a full nights sleep and ate an amazing breakfast, I realize its my job that makes me tired !!!
God has given me the strength to endure tomorrow..
Everything is gonna be just fine ;
We just sent you a beer using the new TweetaBeer app!
Cheers!
fantasy bkkings warring, sword fights, evil vs good, doctorgons...
its a show on hbo now, bks r long but good
ASHLEY WANTS ME
Shout out to the Baby Boy 3 ya Boo !
;P
i agree with you on that, just watched the 50 greatest wrestlers of all time, it was a very well done list.
HBK was 1, Taker 2
My husband doesn't have any grandparents, though, so I'm blessed to have so many still.
I believe a natural disaster has hit my room...
Lol
Hi JM Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Justin's organic dark chocolate peanut butter cups are like crack, seriously, you have one, you'll never go back to Reese's ever again...

Was a joke.
But it wasn't.
The mean things they said weren't some joke.
And they weren't kidding.
So ever since than...when someone
Can I get a follow please?
Come to Portland, U will fit in great and u WILL be embraced at the Rose Garden!
Hey girl
cool!
Now I wanna go fly my kite...
The Lions Rampart is gearing up to tear the Madison apart!
Lamichael James is a beast.
Just a bit to injury prone for me.
I dont understand wasting a high pick on a RB.
watching the cowboys instead of studying.
Louisville, Ky sweetheart.
U?
This massage is so great and much needed, great way to end the year with
If you have an SEC team coming up on Friday, how important is beating UL?
Big game for UL, not so much for UK.
Congrats to and for a grand celebration last night of all things Persian!
it was a flyball.....wow
After Calc, I'm over it
Home alone again as always 
please follow she is you biggest fan!70
I was a 4 blocks from Union Square  didn't hear anything  not even the normal Tues  noon alarm.
is there anyone who has had complications due to gastric bypass surgery
FOLLOW  WE FOLLOW BACK!!!!
follow me lol
Got VegasTowers binary size down from 41.5mb to 23mb after some mega compression work, last 3mbs are going to be a challenge
Authors use the purchase of a CD player as example of consumer decision making in a 2009 marketing textbook.
congratulations bro!
You deserve it.
my eyes want to close.
They feel so heavy
Feeling good feeling great!!
This morning!
After last night Love yall!!
Our strength grows out of our weakness.
When ever you feel weak, keep in mind that you are gaining strength.
Atleast UK might make history today....
Must punts ever in a game.
Thank you so much for the RT.
That was very kind of you : 
You're a gift to the world by simply being YOU.
Severing ties takes a leap of faith, a positive selfconcept  the will to always BE complete internally.purposedoctorven
That itch right in the MIDDLE of my back o0!!!!!
I Can't Wait Til I Graduate  Move Away .
Is Moorcock on Twitter by any chance?
yess they are lol they make me sick...!
how can they do that i mean i love regulo but no like that :
Apparent recipe for success: plan fourth installment in modestly terrible cliche ridden franchise, higher Brad Bird to direct it.
i'm interested in bringing back old technology that would now feel like a novelty.
like a landline
still not trying to show off my Facebook to employers tho.
Doing laundoctor and watching food network.
Productive  2.
We don't have our whole team.
That's why!
OLIVE YOU TOO BEBE: lmfao oh jesus we need another sleepover ahhhahaa
m blanton's
looking forward to the weekend and only one more week until vacation!
Happy Friday:
I'm legally changing my name and I need sum suggestions for names.
100 contest for the best name.
Call 18776920008 ext 31 say Name Game
I wish I went to school lol.
He said for you to call him.
Cruise the Mediterranean in style at unheard of prices!
The one silver lining of the bad economy...alltime values!
www.FreeXpedia.com
my home Internet is absolutely awful.
Down everyday.
Location central London.
When are you guys headed out to Houston?
I'm gettin tired of ppl talking bout the HEAT, everybody know tht the mavericks is going to lose
I want some!!!!
Lol
The owner of this Twitter needs their name engraved on the Stanley Cup when the Kings win it.
Love flies away like a bird.
looks/ sounds wonderful, enjoy!
If you want it all, lay it on the line.
It's the only life you got so you Gotta Live It Big Time :
Made it to Green Bay!!
What now?
I doctorad going back to school tomorrow!
ok.
It's almost 11 and i've finished the work I realized was due tomorrowday.
Just in time to miss most things tennistical tonite.
Boo.
lmaoooo!
ik but its so far from my house
I've been to a few.
They're good.
Ticket gets you a lot of whiskey pours  hors d'oeuvres.
I haven't had a good night's rest in over a month IBlameNolan :T
Love you guys on Mob Wives, me and my wife you are the best..
Keep up the good work!!!
I'll be working the ALA booth at TLA this morning!

Ben does that too.
I hate you both.
lol.
She has no past She has the possibility to live her life over again
Haha basically what that translates to is I like girls who are easy.
Finding notes all over my room from 
Have parade photos you would like to share?
We love to see them here, and we are on Facebook too!
hey so you follow my sister.
Would love if you could follow me too :
Destined, to see the illuminated, not the light.
Goethe, from Pandora
Watching misterand mister smith.
Question Who is your favorite Clipper?
Explore the riches within and you will never be without.
I hate missing school during SOL week.
omfg
Pussy nigga, pussy nigga , why you cry so much?
Is Larry the Cable Guy still an actual cable guy?
Excited to catch jeffrey zeldman at 5.
YESS I agree.
Lets go to bars where we can meet them :
RT : Things are easier when your brand/product/idea play well in music scenes.
Stay close to culture!
Yes!!!
RT : Congratulations on the Grammy nomination!
Childish Gambino and Death Cab tickets both go on sale Friday.
Which of you are coming down to Tupelo on Saturday for Minerva?
Team may weather 
you might've been raped.
I'll know the universe is on my side if mapquest sends them to London, KY instead.
Good morning!
How is everyone?
I'm getting as many free subs as I can before SUBWAY's BOGO breakfast deal is over.
How about you?
headin downtown with emily, alex, and jordan :
PARTY TIP: save water, pee outside
RAP ALL NIGHT.
ITS XMAS EVE.
3
love the tan lines nathalie...
looking so good and yummy girl
Jagr forgets that this baseball season has a long way to go.
Get another comment from him about Pujols in Septemner.
RT : Testing is good, but gut and decisions get the next iteration out.
he looks just like daddy ;
Of course!
I just DMd you, hoping we can meet up sometime.
:
I know you would, then her mom would yell at me
When a girl thinks of her future with her boyfriend, it's normal.
But when a boy thinks of his future with his girlfriend, he's serious.
iknew abou tone direction followed them the day iwas trying to find one republic on twitter !
LOL ,BUT ILOVED THEM SINCE THENN
Psalms 97:10 God loves all who hate evil, And those who love him he keeps safe, Snatches them from the grip of the wicked.
This might take a while.
I am going to check this out.
I have been all about but the UI has changed a lot since I first started using it.
and never again and never again they gave us two shots to the back of the head
Massive Hangover today!
I hate when I do that
ItsCuteWhen you tell me you secretly kiss me goodnight
Country music always puts me in a better mood!
morning all hope you all had a good time last night
Bus comes late so I leave to go get some McDonald's 
Looking for cash to manage your company?
Look no further than factoring your accounts receivables!
I call everyone kid...getoverit :
I met alot of Scandolous Bitches.....IM PROUD TO SAY YOU DIFFERENT
she's jealous shes banned from our BBQ
CalebHanie completes another pass to the Raiders.
His girlfriend is at the game.
She's the beautiful woman w/ the Gucci bag over her head.
you ain't gotta tell me!
well Congrats!!
You deserve it!!
Woodson bad coaching decision leaving Novak on the bench.
Fuck are you thinking?
Best one in forever, 
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions.
All life is an experiment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson via RT
RT : 5th Annual Great Chili Cookoff is this Friday!
Open to the public from noon to 1:30pm.
2 fills your bowl!
Just in case you forgot you're a mom and carried a baby nine never ending months.
Happy Mother's Day!
FTC Files a Notice of Appeal against a Recent Ruling in Favour of Garden of Life
thinking of my many friends in Tokyo....
Oh same!
Are you presenting?
It's not about being armed, it's about lethal threat they pose.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a weapon.
If the bat used is like those big plastic toy bat I'm thinking of...
won't hurt a thing and prolly creates more noise.
I love you 3
I might be busy...getting sick...
calling in on July 3rd.
Today in 1986, Al Green's first album for AM Records, 'Going Away,' marks his reunion with longtime producer Willie Mitchell.
done with my work for today....
about to start on my work for monday..
lmfaoooooo we were dying for like 5 minutes and omg the raps ...
Ironically I've been scared to bring my iPod.
boarding I think my poor little brain might overload.
: The bad thing about life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.
It's better to have love and lost, then to have to live with a psycho for the rest of your life.....
Celeb facts USA: Most popular models this month are Brooklyn Decker, Kate Moss  Rebecca Romijn.
no.
Got 'em at the j.o.b.
cause we overslept.
cool stickers!!
I get to sit right near the Orchestra :3
If you don't like how things are, change it!
You're not a tree
i changed my username i am not any more i am
que paso?
At this point in my day I'm not sure which I need more.
Some of this homemade Prozac or a shot of whiskey.
No one will tweet, I go!
long story imma tell you
HAPPY HOUR!
3 rails, 3 house wines, 3 doctorught beers.
Cozy on up next to our firebrick oven before the snow starts!
a beautiful quote!
that's why god make scrolling so easy!
Go Bears, go Blackhawks...
make this s good Sunday...
When Ian Lee wears a doctorss and dances the tango with Chris in class.
A perfect morning will be a day when no childoctorn need a place like That would mean the End of ChildSexualAbuse!
Tweet On!
best of luck to all the former members of VIVERA!
sucks to see you doods part ways.
thanks for all the rad times!
: see you soon!
Two new tracks to be released after this Fridays show.
It's our last one for a very very long time.
Momma surprised me with a ton of paint stuff, yayaya love ya.
A nice piece, congratulations!
Stopped focusing for a measly second and stopped strait into a puddle the size of landen lake
I'm damn near offended in how much of a diehard fan I've been of , promoting his music  ish, but still no follow back :
Great to hear such positive feedback.We look forward to your return.
lucky!!!
My bucket list is full of meeting rockstars.
Lol
As a packer fan, I hope more Republicans like can talk some sense into other legislators who are opposed to the Vikes stadium
I couldn't get in his apartments.
You could've told me something.
You could've texted me.
s/o for the features
Home!
I sure will miss
Too fucking raw.
Face down ass up.
omg Anna.
Hahahahahahahaha.
That's nasty!
I get to see u in 80 days !
I'm super excited : can't wait to see u in Indy ;
was that to me?
lol.
dont make me...
thats serious...
i need that in my life
Based loaded for Orioles with Betemit down 12 in the count.
One out.
Lazy Kids??
Kids do not get everything they want in the world.
Why don't parents see the importance of this?
Too bad, read it.
Assumptions: people want access, people have tech to access, patrons will abide by lending policy
cards up 121 in the 8th if they are going to go to the bullpen they better score all they can
please follow me I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :' 92
most people can't speak on the subject like last night, but on thing that fa sure.
Convo was Real!
In the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, until the destroying storms pass by.
Ps.
57
please email w/3 topics and I will pick 1.
6501200 words.
MAD UNHAPPY.
Why the hell does America need to remake 'Death at a Funeral'?
Respect for Chris Rock has just gone down.
Great event tonight with !
Thanks so much to the panelists and the amazing eboard for putting it together!
really.
Interesting
man o man i love CommercialFreeHOT let me get a song on for ya!!
8779991015 
: At home Exercising say wat ikno RIGHT!!!!!
me exercising!!!!
Ohhhhyeahhhbabby 
omg i forgot Gotye is on !
lol Reminder :
FEEL IT
Always great singing in grand ballroom at the Palmer House in Chicago...Tuesday at the Allerton for another private event.
Life is good!
yeeehaw!
Let's kill some zombies.
Leggo!
I love when people take my phone ;
Sorry to hear that and hope you are feeling better!
Mark Jan 15 on calendar for Twineup !
I sure hope so.
I will b ready whenever I'm called upon
Turned out to be a modem issue.
I'm glad I had a spare on the shelf.
Happy bday Mikey and me and my mom make this the best day ever
The sky is crazy
We have a goal to sell at least 24 Kringle before 6pm today  proceeds benefit at Southridge Mall!
Embiggen is a perfectly cromulent word
I did not.
My grandfather passed away this morning.
He will be missed.
He was the kindest man  best story teller I ever knew.
Hi Barry, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you provide the best customer service possible.
Follow 2 DM?
are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world
Mangled presidential slogans: Speak softly and carry a chicken in every pot
Let's make HUMP DAY a lil' sweeter ; 15 off reg.
priced items.
Today only.
Open 29pm.
Happy shopping!
I am a leader not a follower!
How about that
I hear now my dude this was nice!!
Keep 'em coming!!
Speak for yourself.
I always keep a clean room...
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Seriously.
Scale it back, Fox.
We're all hooked.
RT : Finished stitching all the Prometheus trailers together.
Film was great!
Buffy AND Logan?
I'm in.
So upset they're closing the Abercrombie in the village and I missed the get rid of everything sale
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Just heard former SRC member Johnny Irizarry speak openly about his 2.5 year experience on the SRC.
Amazing discussion.
You've never had French food?!
You make all the confusion go away...
LOL at least your not writing about nutrition :
AskBrody would you rather be a pro golfer or famous singer?
:
Posted details about guest bloggers.
successfulblogging.com Looks like a great day!
Who remembers Chris Bosh in Jurassic Park?
He messed Newman up pretty bad in that jeep.
water brewery in grafton
So cute!
we are designnerds too :
they need to be like you and
Became an Anonymous Source Handler in the Journalism career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
Loop walk anyone?
Being forced to watch Rocky.
I will get my revenge someday.
Jake is almost at 1.000.000 followers.
I'm proud of my baby.
School.
That is the LAST place I want to be.
I asked amber and dad they said no
Happy birthday to my perfect girlfriend.
:
Ah you missed those, ill keep u posted soon
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
Pretty sure my work computer has less RAM than my iPhone.
what r u talking about..
it came out like a month ago!!!
sass!!!!
dude i'm in LOVE with a bulldog on there...
we're gonna get one in the spring...
sigh...
Thanks, man.
Happy Friday!
Thanks, Del Marie!
We'll keep you posted for sure
Sweet.
I hope we get to play together some time!
2/23/1773 G Simpson:These Negros had better be valued by the same Appraisers; the Cost of them is nothing to the purpose as I bought them
Don't go into battle today without your sword!
Happy Easter twitter people, enjoy have a great day with family and friends.
Way further,,,, but uh...HOW BOUT THEM DAMN LAKERS!!!!!
55 degrees again tomorrow; break out 'Kings of the Weekend' by Bad Sports.
The record doesn't play cold temps...I've tried.
Hee hee.
: Those celebrating Earth Day should know the earth is celebrating People Era.
That celebration is almost over.
Smh the fact that people can talk about someone's religion is beneath me, this world is a crazy place.
Guys need a bullet proof vest to hit on you.
Sean Thompson
Interested in the virgin remy, whats the ticket?
Damn I wished Snoop Dogg would have kept rapping like he did when he first came out instead of going commercial!
Doggystyle was Vicious!!!
Never on this.
Maybe ill start doing this more, idk.
Goodnight.
Sometimes you've gotta put it on ice...
Q:  McRib; BK Sliders whichismore greasy fancy A: I don't understand the question.
What are these?
Let's get our engines in gear for Webcasting from Boneshakers for Indie River Radio's Official Launch Party on Fri and Sat from Studio 13!!!
You're welcome.
The body says what words cannot.
Martha Graham
where in the world are you??
Haha
If you want an answer start by asking a question.
It doesn't even have to be a good question.
When I run for too long my face turns green; my hands, feet, knees, ears, and nose turn blue; and the rest of me turns red.
Crying my eyes out with my spaghetti and scalloped potatoes in the dark.
Here's to hoping New Girl makes me feel better.
shedidntcallbecause When you text her you say boring things like Hey or Whatsup
TV On the Radio  Radio City Music Hall.
Classy joint for a rock show!
I figured it out first!
lol : Breaking news Kerry Wood will retire today !
How sweet it is to be loved by you.
Knew you would.
:D
looking forward to having you join us on Saturday at the
follow me i follow you love ya 333333333
west mid in the am?
Major league 2
damn good question
Thank You GOD 4 Lettin Me See Anotha Light Of Day..
Road closures in Fells Point begin at 5pm Sunday.
No thru traffic from Caroline to Wolfe Streets  Aliceanna St to waterfront.
Confirmation practice
you're welcome!

always been dem niggaz.
Shout out to my big brothers man.
someone said they saw you pick your boogers on the bus!
oh the things I hear little kids say...
hey Ryan, let's go workout and then go to eat together like the champs we are?!
contact my AR AT THE FOLLOWING kind lady 7138554431
throwing up outside of kenwood mall on black friday didn't just happen.
where's the love?
Lol
whats good my dude?
Haven't said anything stupid again, thankfully.
Just inspired by conversation with coworkers.
It was great to see and on DWTS!
Seriously, thinking about deleting my FB account.
I don't even get on as much...
Am I a bad person for thinking it's too bad Davy Jones didn't die at sea so then people could say he's in his locker
haha thanks AJ!
See u in a bit!
:P
lol I was just wondering if I should post a few of u LMAO
so many leftover cookies!!!
lol!
I need a treadmill  that's gonna be my next purchase!
:
FML..
Like seriously!.
We are still here!!
you blocked me bro??
:
glad to hear it!
Keep your eyes peeled for our next twitter contest!
I was born in new York and I'm 12
12 Marketing Super Powers 12 The Power of Priority  your Highest Priority should equal the Greatest Achievement...period.
I'm gonna try that.....
Just finished reading Delirium by !
Why didn't I finding this earlier?!?!
yes the class has been great.
9 and 11?
Sounds like a white flag may be in order
man...lol...long story saddly it ended

enjoyed your presentation this am  wish districts were more open to it!
Kill Em With Kindness.
Starship doesn't even smell like hiphop.
I don't know who she is...Kim?
Gaga?
Satan?
Just go away!
Met Diane VanDerbeek from Yacht Olympus and was very inspired by her story because all Women ARE Powerful.
http:www.WomenArePowerful.com
Beyondthescoreboard.net so when u think about micheal Jordan Larry bird migic Johnson Tim Tebow Tom Brady Aaron Rodgers it's will
The Descendants 
momm  best friend day 
Dear Billy Belichick, I know you love trading down, buy please consider moving up this year and snagging Justin Blackmon at 4.
Please
your Kate is brilliant mohr please
bored in lunch hby ?
LET'S HOPE FOR A REPEAT OF 1999!
Get out your nike sports bras!
Tacobell i think yes!!
Ok, MTV is officially a disgrace.
The man who BUILT THEIR NETWORK has died unexpectedly...
and they're showing Futurama reruns.
Sickening
had fun at the critics choice awards red carpet was very nice
wth ashley want ?
Attention nerds : stop what you're doing and see Cabin In The Woods.
It is our mind's duty.
sorry didnt get word we.are starting.trivia at 630pm now....to make up 4 it tell me nxt time in and i got 20.gift for.u
I'm so excited my ATT magazine just got delivered!
TeamFred RT : Have a safe  fun Little500.
Tweet us your favorite party animal for a chance to win 2 tickets to the race!
Pattie is our queen...
She raised put idol...
All by herself...
She's strong.
We love u pattie.
3
in New Jersey
awesome!
I can't wait for the ball cap to be back on the stage to shut up the haters!
Good luck this wknd!
Can't wait for the first race RT : SCCA PDX at Summit Point this weekend!
First time in the car in 2012
I just feel like I can't do it
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !!
NickJChat 0
The Beatles on iTunes?
I've been pirating/ripping them for years.
Come on Apple, give me something new here.
glee has inspired me to rewatch westsidestory for the bajillionth time
Front of stage , left, for will hoge, black hoodie, back pack and dumb gold shades..I gots more tix
God cares about us more than you'll ever know.
He knows each of our needs  desires before we can even tell Him about them.
We love you guys!
So is bookending this trip with another great flight experience: 3 hours on plane at gate so far.
Worried dog can't hold it till SEA
You know its going to be a great story when it starts off with, So this B!TCH
Thank you, !
You ROCK!!
Figured out the Intro to our EP last night.
Let's just say, it's something none of us have ever heard done before...
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!
learning abt google refine on a coffee break webinar
CAMS...
If you like money....
SLAP THAT ASK!!!
ssh o UserKnownHostsFile/dev/null o StrictHostKeyCheckingno user.local
5000 Tweets!
Dang I talk a lot lol!
I hope so!
Seems like forever since I've done that.
Split lanes...
I am getting off going to work on some music while I'm in Lunch but I am going to be on when I get home so hmu with the 's :
Can we get a picture of Gronk jersey turnpiking on the cover of Madden13 ?
I just heart little nuggets of info like the sex and the city tweet this morning glam Thanks for that!!
When in Abq make sure to go to Twisters.
It's where they film the Pollos Hermanos restaurant stuff and they have awesome burritos.
School tomorrow : the worst end to the perfect weekend
Yes!
Go pack!
im sorry :/ you deserve to meet them SO much.
more than a lot of people..
Ever been booked on a gig and happy for work, but sad you were missing a really fun life memory??
Anyone else having trouble accessing gmail and googlecalendar?
Not a great way to start a busy Monday morning!!!!
Lol my phone is in my car.
Im at school 20 minutes away smh
nah...
just makes me realize how pretty and popular I am.
I feel bad for all of these singers and performers who make it because soon all that will be left to do are reality talent shows.
The disconnect between geeks  nongeeks leads to a cycle of dysfunction.
i just told my sister i got a tattoo.
I'm thinking about movin to San Diego.
Is that a good area?
Well done!
The art graphics are nice.
thanks for afollowin'
Thanks Hugh!
I think they are such a great couple..
Would you take midnight classes?
Could they be right for UNLV?
wait, the pianos are an internet thing too?
i had no idea!
I'm on a private tour of the HDmuseum with and many others.
To all christians all over the world.
We must embrace of salvation with enthusiasm and excitement everyday to win to lost souls.
im quite excited now i just don't know how to have my hair :/
I ate some of it by mistake.
It is made of rubber.
And.
It tastes like it!
Take me a quick nap then ill be refreshed
Aw man i'm doctorgging today..
A long weekend didn't hit me till today.
Awk moment when i forget how to.swallow my.spit
thanks...
will let you know if any new follows result!
hey you were in my doctoram the other night.
you lived in this big house, very nicely furnished and i was there looking for money
My favorite, my favorite girl33
Head to Barneys this wkBring in a gently used pair of jeans to donate to charity, score 20 off a pair of fullpriced jeans.
the hippo never been tapped.
U could change that?
Lol
Wish I was still on the payroll too..
im going to cuddle you so hard
lol!
I thought they had lost their minds for a second!
Where are you playing and when?
Happy new year my lovely friends!!
: xx
Hope everyone is enjoying their rainy Saturday in
.
Best DCsports week ever.
It's Trivia Tuesday!
Where was the world's first paper money used  in what century??
Nice.
Maybe Dale can buy another suit now?
u are too easy for a behaviorist ;
in both timelines she dies by Walter's hand!
Coincidence?
my favorite romantic movie is the vow
why do i live in the one place in america where you can't find any cookies!
You know you eat at Jimmy Johns too much when the staff knows exactly what you want.
save me a dance at prom?
lol :
No difference in a Golden Calf  and a Golden Apple.
Steve Jobs has done a job on America.
We have uploaded individuality, downloaded zilch.
Did anyone expect anything less for a congressman named Weiner to send young girls anything but his wiener
im finna come mess wit u at work
Hee hee.
Bc you haven't advertised on the HOCO board.
Why isn't following you?
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job..
I'm glad u didn't.
People are so judgemental these days.
Responses would be crazy
Came home this morning  found out leaves dog movies on for Lionel when she leaves for work.
Hysterical.
Downloading the app and getting ready for the show.
Just two weeks out.
been like that me since I was little went to the ER twice for a shot lol bad thing apples isn't the only fruit:
I'm sad about Petrino.
I'm disappointed because he was a class act at Auburn.
I know his whole family  I coached one of his daughters.
Thanks!!
I checked out your blog yesterday...awesome!
The recipes look great...I'll def have to try the granola bars.
CLASSIC lol : Lmao  the BITTER Knicks fans taking their frustrations out on JR....remember when you called us bitter
I'll be trying to blog 2  3 x a week, check back often for updates!
www.losangelesvoicetherapy
Really?
How could you not love that?
Looks good on my radio :
Working sun ra and terry riley references into this generativemusic / interactivesurface / wirelessgamecube thing we're working on.
so meta?
This must have something to do with
Clementine will be selling food before the Hopkins Stoop on Fri, so you don't have to hear stories on a empty belly!
The Show Girl Gourmet All Beef Hot Dog w/Strawberry  Black Pepper Relish.
3 YUM
how often do you practice speaking English?
Studies have indicated that the consumption of coffee lowers the risk of certain diseases but might have negative effects as well.
Q2 ITChat What technology do you need to succeed globally?
Define success how you see fit.
via
I know you dont want to talk about this but that gurl is a mental liar looking for .
Us beliebers belive you no matter what.
A Good one!
C R E A M  S T E R E O  L O U N G E ...
TONIGHT 9pm2am ...
Come have a doctornk with me 602.348.1722 Ryan OWNER of AZ PartyLife Productions
I'm at Le Cirque in NYC for a special dinner.
This is probably like a normal Tuesday night for
yeah right
Um we broke a thousand !!!!
Am I Matt Walsh?
NO.
I have never hosted Americas Most Wanted or played with the Eagles!
DList supports Pasch!
im playing this game in my mind where i pretend certain people don't exist.
it's brilliant.
and makes me hate them less :
Congratulations to Julia for winning the VIP entry at Performance Outfitters last weekend!
sundayfunday with and blakey who should get a twitter!!
unfortunately no.
how's the fest overall?
text me back!
: please!
: lmao and we both know how that ended lmao dudes boots in the sky!!!he was really vertical upside down
...Your brother?
OH SHIT WOAH RT Welp, people who wanted to see Nymphadora Tonks naked are getting their wish tonight.
Imma be busy this whole weekend 
omg Shannon it's a Tuesday night....
Be lookin fly
deadMau5 n00bs have swarmed the twitter.
i do
At least we made it.
What about the Leafs fans and Montreal, Buffalo and all the west teams.
What if that was us?
first week is the hardest.
Get in a routine you will be fine
no problem lil momma
Let me know what you find out Miss Florida!
Andy Shehata was here.
At the risk of being redundant, Lindsay Lohan is nearly unrecognizable and that makes me sad.
wow talk about publicity!
You made 's website!
guess they are paying attention...
watching...
my life is a film...
Lmfao i was WEAK!
where tf are his parents at?
what are your measurement?
DM me.
Research Project..
Brent is cool.
But Kozel?
Yeah i guess
I'm so happy lol i don't even know why after I just felt the AP test xD Don'tEvenMatter :D!
and that's why he's the man
Welcome to SF!
We're also in Mint Plaza!
I'm OOF next week, but you should go say hello to other Zaarly folk like
y'all should head over to Second Fiddle tonight, by far best band on broadway I think you'll love them!!
Yes, every subway ride feels like a poorly written prologue.
Love it.
Theatre office, not dependable at all 
So you can whip out in front of me but then you go 5 under the speed limit.
Been a week now in vegas with some the the finest restaurants in the world and all I crave are doctorgon Wings.
Y'all so lucky in Roch.
Omg seriously screw my teachers where is summer ?
yikes!!
I'll keep my 70 degrees :
Hey there!!
Glad to see you here!
RT : Evening Gents!!
What does Just Desserts mean to you?
Yup, I'm Kaylin, but I think you would know my name by now lol
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good.
Buddha
FOLLOW me justin!
my idol forever!!
i wonna be like u..yes im boy
I woke up in Sleepy Hollow
Thanks Jason!
Great seeing you today!
Jim Neal: we need to massively redeploy library spaces for acad collaboration
Directed them to 2nd place and kept Teo from going absolutely insane.
Sometimes it's nobody's fault...
people just grow apart.
Alrighty!
Hold on one sec!
: x
Without LPC24 I wouldn't have met my wonderful linesister and many other amazing women!
absolutely.
Keep me posted?
What's your favorite sport?
Surfing.....the internet
I think the cat is in love with the dog.
She's been kissing him for the last 15 minutes while he is passed out
Haters will talk shit but wanna be where I sit, so lames can envy because I am the top bitch.
fitness kickstart your metabolism in the AM with a cold glass of water, juice or milk and some fresh fruit.
Get a FREE medium doctornk if U mention Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
Wil Wheaton.
RT : The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup.
And no one will care.
LOVE that song.
kickin it wit after work
Christmas, childoctorn, is not a date.
It is a state of mind.
Mary Ellen Chase
So glad the boys have found a pet substitute...their baby brother.
Both proclaimed proudly James can fetch!
The mashup photo freaks me out.
At first glance, looks like the girl from The Ring.
shudder
wouldn't it be to big to fit on your tv screen??!
Lol messedup only you'd know Tori
: Sorry, we don't have wireless.
Why not just call it an early day from work?
;
Gorgeous sunset in KC
Headed to Dallas forsure
And of course there's a lot of stammering going on.
If this were a movie, I'd imagine that Ana would have gnawed her lower lip off by now.
Are there any Reality TV Producers out there?
If so, we'd like to hear from you  please visit Talkbiznow.com, and look me up.
James McAvoy is sexy even when posing with a pig's head.
If they slip let em ain't no point in catching, what can't stay up.
On my way to Resistencia Book Store.
teaflavored jolly ranchers
Hi !
Thank you for following.
There's always time to go fishing !
I DO NOT like timeline on FB...
Ugh, I also DIDN'T ask for them to change it without my permission!
Session 2b: Old New Orleans
we two shall never share another breath.
my world has faded.
this longing it's an unrelenting torture.
oh mercy, take me now to my beloved.
Awee thank u love!!:
didnt dawn and charles have two crystals?
the first one they doctorined, then the one from fayes granddad???
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
They have wrong data on there salary those numbers are totally wrong
Ahh foot cramps
tostitos  I think I am in love  Artisan recipes : Roasted Garlic and Black Bean
Right..
So I have 30 assignments do in 2 days...
never give up on ya doctorams!
haha, What's up?:
OH a pregnant friend say, Rainbow and glitter are our baby shower colors.
Meditate.
Live purely.
Be quiet.
Do your work with mastery.
Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds!
Shine Buddha
Photoshop vs.
Lightroom, which would you pick?
I haven't gotten any word back yet, but hopefully streit perham.
You?
hahahaa.
I hope don't forget that.
:P yeaa, obviously I will do :
RT : GTac's pullout confirms that it was never interested in responsible mining....
see you at the window..kiss your lead goodbye sta boi..
Am on JFKSLC.
Paid 4 gogo inflight.
Enough bandwidth to get on Twitter,not enough bandwidth for anything else : Not what I wanted
im seriouse!!
i look REALLY bad today :
My name is Ricky Minaj, I'm a professorssional fishermen and I only catch Super Bass.
Sun  pool  toddler birthday party  me
Never mentioned hard work  Blood sweat, needed for ReImagining 21st century K12 education, MBA,PHD s not listening!
There's the author talking here now.
And of course you should come and eat some chocolate.
:
woah.
That's awesome!!!
liking the avatar
your kneecaps
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!!
ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
Cummings bill also expands range of penalties for Hatch Act violations  treats DC employees as state  local employees rather than fed
Sounds like me a few years ago lol.
We will discuss this week.
Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better.
FF Thanks for all your support of us and our inspiring challenged athletes
Did you hear about my Prez?
He will be running through Folsom today during his 24HourRun for
I love
you set a goal and try and be active to reach that goal.
It's a great watch if nothing else.
we can work it out email
Gallup poll: 60 of voters say Pres.
Obamas support for samesex marriage will make no difference to their vote
and they're posh.
fancypants.
Why yes I would.
Email me.
This class eats but:
I have my moments :
are you watching these GD nuggets?!?!
WTF is going on!
Westbrook and durrant are very very cocky!
Andy will be fine in 7, but so will that other guy on the Rangers.
If pitch count is crazy we need CC esp against Hamilton
it looks amazing.
Hope your enjoying the bday celebrations!
Thanks Ellen!!
Great to meet you!
i want waffles....with maple flavored bacon
she ain't messin with you though!
RT : I'm just saying Precinct 19 located at Dunbar Senior High has an awesome set of election judges!!
yeah the smart tall one lol
Author of Sleeping With Your Smartphone says unplugging takes a team, not a village.
Story coming soon!
Dear Everyone: For really, no, but, for honestly, if I don't get to ComicCon next year, I will fire mutant powers all over everyone's face.
: lol, sorry I don't speak nigger.
dumbbitch see racism still alive
Fresh Beat Band makes me want to gouge me eyeballs out, but listening to my little girl sing We Had A Great Day is joyous
Visit Booth 1017 for a chance to win Amazon's bestselling tablet, the Kindle Fire!
: 86 bands will compete around the world, one band will win.
Will it be us?
Having a doctornk with a good friend at Plaza Garcia.
Incredible restaurant in Woodinville.
Stop by sometime!
if you're seriously getting pissed because voices his opinions, then you are legitimately an idiot.
Athletes have rights too
Things You Shouldn't Say on Facebook 46: My son Terry made parole!!!
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people
Hey girl.
Why don't we turn that golden arch into a ring that I slip onto your finger.
It should be LIVE
What's your favorite Halloween treat?
Great to know that!
This chick is sexy...
Like DAMN
The rest of the week and the three days of school next week better go by a little faster.
Adding a lens flare.
Nobody panicI'm a professorssional!
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Ill bet EVERY DOLLAR to my name a nigga wouldn't give 3 fucks bout my stretch marks when I show up Butt Booty Meat nekkid wit a Yoga Ball
You bet!
stop by and we will show you the EZ play method
ever get back to Madison?
Well the Christmas season is here and it's time to start planning for Easter.
;
To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally.
There are very few things in a household that can't be reasonably mended via a roll of duct tape, a bouquet of tulips, or bottle of whiskey.
I understand I do think it would be fun as first timers w/ parkaday!
Hope you consider joining me 
way past Milbury's bedtime
O shit I didn't know it was so late
Yeah baby!!!
Let's do this!!!
Oh I've been bewitched by RA for a while, it just intensified lately since Spooks ;D
Speaking at EPPS b'fast this AM.
Anyone planning on attending?
Might hit Griddle for pancakes immediately prior.
/ or we good freaky b?
This rain demands daydoctorams of a summer day not too far away that will be spent doctornking gin gimlets on a sunsoaked porch.
People are super annoying when you're about to poop your pants.
it was ALL
Follow me on Twitter
Linda Ketchum raises the CCAP discrimination issue.
You dont give head .....wait....
PAUSE
I know we've all been out protesting for days and sleeping on the floors, but seriously guys, time to hit the showers!!!
George Karl Looks Sick
great point!!!
Run like the wind!
Best wishes for a successful marathon and a happy knees!!!
:D
sunday fundayyyy bring on the bink
Good Morrow To You Mizz Lady Blue  No Problem Good Day To You..
And Cheer On Our Glorious
Just arrived at the gwgala.
Come visit the table
Yay!
Are you going to visit Lambeau?
How long are you staying?
I'm sure your sister is excited!
Would have been there sooner if not for SONY's uncanny ability to bake BlueScreens into their laptops.
stay tuned to our newsletters for our expansion news.
we're constantly growing and crossing our fingers with you.
D
keylessmusic.com is up and running
well, right now im in a combination dust/snow storm in the desert between albuquerque and phoenix.
So yeah
i thought i heard on stephen colbert's show that it's actually 4 parts.
whatevzz i'll go look it up
If I seen oomf, I'd be in a much better mood..
you is smart.
you is kind.
you is important.
has a paid internship avail for business, marketing, social media  event planning.
Hope you know how much of a bitch you are.
I'm using LexisNexis Academic  US Legal  Tax Law.
Though I've seen this behavior in other sections of the database.
Cont....
Anyone looking for a great rate at a fabulous hotel that overlooks the Space Needle in Seattle, hit up he'll give you VIP trtmt
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL  LOUNGE
I don't think I've ever been so excited for UCLA vs.
Rice or UMASS vs.
UCONN...
1/2 off bottles of wine today!!
Just did my laundoctor..Out of clean underwear...Thats not good...
young kid kudi : I see u
From now on, I'm going to call tree operations like that Sophie's Choice methods and ruin everyone's day.
try to get a job there !
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY LITTLE MOBSTERS
He has tips hat RT : Big Sean been goin lately
Ride your bike to avoid the gas prices!
Just saw an email addoctorss that was .
5 Greek Cheeseburgers...SERIOUSLY, how good does that sound right now??
Blood Red Wine from Slayer Plus, a EurythmicsMollydooker collaboration, House Band ecopackaged wine for festivals and
what are your needs?
The color is pretty intense even w/o the glowing.
Cosmic cowling this weekend!!
: cant wait!!
I hope that's a legal doctornking age comment...
9months can mean a lot off things...
RT : If you want to succeed, double your failure rate.
Thomas Watson, IBM pioneer
Bulls playing tonight,,,
is that a tornado forming out there, I can see it
wash your face twice a day, but do not let sweat linger.
If you sweat midday, wash it off!
that pic should be Chasers billboard lol
buy an island
doing a great job giving a fun presentation about Twitter.
Whatch my videos  www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 Remember to comment, like of dislike my vids!
And subscribe!!
:D
Thx for the support!
RT looks fabulous and reinvigorated.
Love it!
Hope to contribute some features one day soon!
I just know that it's a scene I distance myself from as well.
I'm more of a don't hate the players, change the game person.
:
Racing to the end to get my buyers closed by tomorrows tax credit deadline!
Thomas Porter Blog  Cisco Aironet Patch Antenna
So What Are You Up To?
First team to 47 wins gets to represent the east for the cup
Yeah, I just never get sick of fetishizing prepubescent girls...Also the show is now named after a character who will never appear?
That class looks great!
I've always wanted to build those skills.
I wish there was something like that in NYC.
During the next few days I will be donating my services to develop a donation website for a 10 year old who got diagnosed with leukemia.
Thank you for 18 years.
Higher Caliber Klique is bigger and better than ever!!
send us an email w/acct info and issue.
we'll see what went wrong.
The foyer in your home says welcome to you and your guests.
Choose an elegant chandelier and wall sconces to light this important space.
cd comes out a week before my birthday, is out a week before that, it's gonna be a metal week
Guess the weather will be iffy but have a great time.
Basking in Penguin win.
PSU in the middle of PhillyPgh battle...LOL.
In 1492 Columbus left in search of a new world.
Show your taste buds something new at Winghart's...just a trek downtown and no seasickness!
I can't wait until March 15 for The Secret Circle
Thanks for the FF dear!
Score!!
RT : You have to have the mac and cheese pizza.
It's delicious.
I like sad bastard music more than most, but I just can't get down with Elliot Smith.
Sorry bout the knife, bro, but yo melancholy stagnant.
Clearly this is the start of your midlife crisis.
Happy Birthday.
We are a Real Estate Investment Company
Big data systems allow us to computationally understand our planet  Jack Dangermond
Where did i go wrong....?
haha.
What's that song called, I couldn't find it on sound hound.
Besides poster board and stick retailers, who rakes in the cash when protest time comes?
IM A FLORIDIAN.
IM A GATORS FAN.
FUCKKKK BAMAAAA.
GO GATORS.
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions.
Small people do that, but the great make you feel you too can become great.
Mark Twain
This weather is making me wish I hadn't gotten out of bed
well i was, dads home :
Dinner conversation on lucid doctoraming inspired me to try to fly tonight.
The count down to Wine Wednesdays at UE begins...Coming this February 24...stay tuned.
For those of you who didn't knowI have a pinched nerve in my back and I've spent most of today in varying amounts of pain.
:
Shout out to K attys!
video cam shuffle!
www.aaron.tv
Looking for cash buyers interested in some great cash flowing and equity rich deals in Grove City or Hilliard, OH!!
You know what I love?
Singing with my boys at bedtime.
Tonight we did three rounds of 'aby 'aluga.
that was good!
A key tip for small businesses be4 approaching a news outlet: Think through your communications strategy first and develop a plan.
Ill give kobe and world peace credit but the rest of this game has been bullshit..
Hope la makes the finals now...
Wade forever!
newspaces4learningI think 8 is in development with roll up ipads in the near future and all our textbooks having access through it
I have encouraged friends and customers to Go Natural!
It's a beautiful thing!
it is officially SlideShare :D thx for the help!
I love my life, and it is my doctoram to help you love yours...
Hoping for a better workout tomorrow :
Did You Get One Of The Bad Girls To Come Do A Photo Shoot ?
Lying in bed counting the hours of sleep you have left...only to realize you don't have class, traffic, 6 am the next day 
Hm...Don't you mean, hey great and wonderful lady that I'm so happy to have as a friend of mine?
Come in and enjoy 1/2 Price Sushi, Beer  Wine  Every MonFri from 46pm!
Also, don't miss the FREE wine tasting every Thurs 46pm!
Ensure content is fingerfriendly.
Just b/c content is big enough to read doesn't mean its big enough to touch.
I think he's sad he doesn't have utensils to eat his food with
supportlocalmusic Live till 5p.
And all day live on Tune it, follow us, share.
Ppl stay talking bout haters.
Why u hating on them so much?
Wow, Entourage is getting good this season.
well they started cheering Wade when he held up a Yankees hat, so it looks like it was about Tebow.
Girls be proud of bob your sexy the way you are and don't have anyone tell you different !
...is that a web link?
O.o
Would you be more likely to buy a print of baby Clay Matthews Donald doctorver and Rodgers together, or separately?
Lmao.
You don't think it'd be a good fight??
I think he'd give Mayweather all he could handle and would possibly beat him
Thanks Nick!
Glad someone else saw that too
We've reached the useful end of the Internet when people start checking in at their gynecologist.
Wow, so jealous!
Hope you're thoroughly enjoying the conference!
No!
I got some bread from a rest stop though!
...hope you make it in soon :
What's everyone doing?
possibly  where r they?
Thanks for telling your followers about our David Leapman exhibition.
Its opening this weekend.
RT : Junior was a true competitor and a special player.
My heartfelt condolences go out to the Seau family.
How many time is Nate gonna poop in the tub?
Ugh!!!!!
Check my work...musical overtime!!!
Work hard or dont clock in!!
Whats up wit dis new twitter app I downloaded?
It keeps unfollowin ppl
Indispensable and WellPresented Grammar Guide Released
is at The Spot TONIGHT  8PM.
15 covers all doctornks until 9 and movie scene karaoke until 11.
BE THERE!
Proceeds benefit Jinx!
But sure, haters, O's statement is meaningless.
/snark RT : RNC statement: vigorously defends DOMA, calls for constit.
amendment
Ah, unfortunately it's a Bordersonly product that isn't listed on their estore yet; working with them to get the nb's listed.
Thanks!
i signed up for the next meetup!
Did you get the earlier note?
Send your interest/ideas to .
Thanks!
Go Kaptur!
beat the troll!
No one's ever come up with Juju before!
I like it!
Totally new website.
Totally new book on Kindle.
Check it out.
www.traceyperger.com
M.
Froyo with Gavin.
Undergraduate Focus: University college wins best thesis award
Introducing THE LADY KILLER....
accepting orders for special delivery June 1st Sneak Peak!!
twitpic.com/4wh7r2
Big plans this Friday night?
Keep it safe, St.
Louis.
Congrats Boston!
You will always be the other Black and Gold though...
Go Pens!!
SidForPres NHL 201112 is ours!!!!!
Don't write words to add content to a page...Write to engage, entice and persuade.
It lasts longer.
Sorry to have missed your tour with the other Gadlingers today!
Hope it was a blast.
Facing foreclosure or struggling to make your payments?
Let us educate you on a shortsale  how it can help.
www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
One of the hardest things about plucking your eyesbrows is making sure they both look the same when you're done.
Eek!
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as Finalists for the 2012 Award for Innovation Leadership...
Once you have homemade jam you'll never go back to the store bought stuff..
thank you farmers market.
Fun Fact: Sometimes I wish I could just run away from everything.
RT : I get on Facebook and get right back off
well...I'm partial to the brown stuff...40 Creek is my current beverage of choice...Zima for u???
Need more income?
Need retirement?
Need a plan B?
Looking 4 happy networkers not happy with  now.
Phone interview.
3602177967
DailyHookahTip113: NHT means Non Hookah Tobacco, or doctorgs.
When discussing hookah with the pros, consider NHT a taboo.
Save time to go resort hopping around WDW!
They go all out w/ decorations.
Definitely hit all MK resorts incl Wilderness lodge!
got to love Ohio!
SomeoneIWantToMeet because he inspires me to continue singing and work on my voice, he also seems really cool and stuff :D
Got parking reduced from 7 to 3 all day
sorry.
I was busy doing hw.
and stuff so i got off.
Lol
Ski ski water gun O My God........
Look At Her butt.....
tunechi
I Want U Back lower gas prices.
Opps I meant Felicia not Felicity
Are you going to ?
Please doctorp me a note!
So bored
Apparently there is a shark sighting in the Ohio river
hopefully I'll see you there hyun
This bar is treacherous, and my friends are trying to marry me off to wealthy men.
I love you 28
: All blueeyed people are mutants.
The first blueeyed human only appeared about 5,000 years ago.
ima mutant that explains it
It's such a bitch resetting.
With the Xbox 360 controller, I just remove the battery pack.
FaceBook don't have Teams so shut the fuck up ...
It feels wierd seeing someone with the same name as i
Jerry just had me rolling.
Damn bruh..
there's a bug in my doctornk...
Where'd it go?
Fuck it, I'm bout to doctornk his ass.
xDDD
anytime ;D
I miss everything about you /3
I just wish I could get some of my outstanding invoices paid!
My mom was reading the book that I have my test on last night.
I cant go get it from her because 4am.
Guess I'm failing that test.
get him to come to Missouri!!
EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER REVERE MASS  1 IN AUTO BODY REPAIRS .
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 16
thanks for supporting the spot!
giving away 100 free songs in honor of releasing their 3000th song.
Oh, well that's just what the world needs rights now...
RT : If you haven't skied this winter, has bus trips this weekend to Hunter, Stratton,  Windham...
Travel safe, Laura!
Impressive, is a bit overdoctormatic.
They played well against bad competition.
Cmon.
Lets not act like its the Packers
thanks!
We will take even the insane part as a compliment.
Dont listen to em' haterz!
Their your motivators in disguise!
Why do they hate you?!
No reason too.
Twins Matthew  Gunnar Nelson turn 44 today.
Their dad is Ricky Nelson.
M, Pub Quiz.
I hope you guys can make our 20th Anniversary Fiesta tonight57pm
thankya much.
Hope your doin good.
Its been a minute
Just gave a unit of blood 10 coming your way !
Will you give?
what do you have going on this weekend?
don't you ever get tired of giving a shit when the other party is a douche?
i think its cute when your cuddling with someone and your both naked
nope the one couple of years ago in the snowstorm awesome
hello how are all?
The 2012 election will be a bitter fight til the end.
Gotta be prepared.
I hate physicals...
Check your inbox!
If you were an backer, you should have some mp3's waiting for you.
Thansk to everyone that is listening to Waisted on We at 100 views in less than a hour!!!
Thanks for the FF
live every week like its shark week
I'm getting my belly button pierced , bring kelsey up here
You're so lucky congrats sweetie!:
Oh yeah, I know and am planning on being hunted.
:
If you search, you will find...if you are open, it will come...if you love, you will be loved...if you live fully
Your version of I will always love you literally brought me to tears.
Can you DM me your booking info?
Wow...
I had a really amazing birthday showing ...
Thank you so much everyone
: You: Describe me in one word.
Me: Mine...
OMG aww.
That's so cute3
ah nice.
Back in TX?
It's weird seeing just Kelly on the show and not both Regis and Kelly...
all is Well!
Im always excited to see you Jason!
ALWAYS!
oh, it's niall  the potatuhss!
Why am I still at work???
Brought my friend Natalie to to see Scrooge 2day  she answered the call to salvation!
Luke 15;7
Blake Griffin raped him :/
how many ppl have told u u resemble e.
badu in ur avi?
lucky u.
plz tell jack that he needs to make more wimpy boy band videos.
:
i didnt go,,, i cane home and my mom when off for no reason
Thank you for Sacred Economics.
I'm reading it now.
It's beautiful and very, very inspiring.
So ready for school to be over!
today i encountered a very very very creepy thing!
fml creepiest ever!
aw.
Sports night in Pgh and I just want food ugh.
2pac hologram concert
Ayoade's feature Submarine: strong recommend.
best actor goes to..
Jean Dujardin's eyebrows!
4:20 FUNNY  What do you call a cow eating grass in a paddock?
A lawn mooer.
Which culture?
Maybe I really do need to move.
;
its only 10am, Can't wait to get home and just chill with my friends....
Sorry guys I've been working hard on my hard rock cafe performance ill try be on more
where do you buy all of your wonderful ukeleles?
3
Great afternoon spent with friends Terrace and the studystrong puppies !
you want to be able to celebrate the championship.
Could be part of why he wants to come back
oh coo ill be waiting for dinner when I get off lol
Phamaldehydeheroin on cigarrette,with monster doctornk ,I'M ROIDED
You can't ever EVER judge a person by their APPEARANCE.
All girls want assholes right now until they get older and realize how pathetic they really are .
gps says eta 1hr 39min and there's a butt load of traffic
I love the game of Baseball, MLB has no reason to treat u this way.
They should thank u for bringing attention to Steroids!
Sorry for the late response.
We're on the west coast right now.
Will be back in Chi very shortly!
Thanks for following!
come in to city gear and get that fit....4443 canerun road
Just picked up my copy of Dyson's book.
Looking forward to it.
You're Welcome!
Also Essentious real good with hairfinitys
your welcome!
Ok that's it I have to write a book.
Or a sitcom.
My life.
Starring me.
Resolution.
Mia is havn its days but yea jus out here scopen the next move .
.
.
Yo you got the same cell??
your welcome
you ain't bout that life
I'm a big fan of telecommuting, but that's a decision way above my pay grade
Singular corn not plural corns ummkay
Seems more than a little ironic that farright religion manages, at the same time, to crush both reason and imagination.
dm me your number !!
Haha omg!
: Actually, my teeth are fine.
I just go to the dentist's office to hear my songs.
Writing my first legit song.
Ah It needs to be perfect.
Sometimes your actions may send off messages that may be conflicting with how you really feel.
So always make your mind  body are in tune.
Quote of the day so far  Hey...
you followed me.
I got ya ticket Sisc
Went too hard on arms and had to take an extra day off, but excited to get back to full GTP today!
Sunday Funday xo
HERE WE GO!!!
Watch OUT Miami South Beach, WE ARE HERE!!!
EXXXOTICA DUNGEON EXPERIENCE called SUBMISSION..
BAMMMM..
Ha!
See you soon.
Wings by Aprilynne Pike: Girls Turns Into Flower 
Christmas flow out there?
Send in your pics!
Merry Christmas followers
Time to go to sleep, fever is kicking in again :
w00t w00t!
Good luck apt.
hunting!
I recommend the neighborhood of Palms.
;
nowplaying angel bc codys a angel :
My doctoram day is laying on the beach all day, coming home, getting cleaned up and being taken out to a nice dinner.
I'm getting a doctoram week!
Pulled an allnighter to finish grading papers.
Student: You're returning papers?
I was having a good day until now.
: Is there really anything better than the beginning of summer, your friends, country music, and an ice cold bev Nope.
how bout 2012?
omg it's so cute!!
good morning on this coast!
I get to speak at a press conference today!
4pm in the State Capitol rotunda.
Glad to hear you are safe!
Take care everyone  and be wary of aftershocks!
We have busy updating!
Check us out!
If I can't use my reusable cup at your store because it's a health hazard, why take my money?
That stuff is filthy.
I am awake now, and I don't have anything important to do today.
I just dont know what to do with myself.
Great question.
Give me a call in my office to discuss.
I'm always available for my team.
Thank for your input.
Gonna go see this week  woot woot!
RT : Are YOU getting the VIP treatment at volvooceanrace The deal is ON:
game over...Yanks are bats have been silenced by Lee.....losing game 1 is bad for the team that does
Piggy to da trough
yeah I have had the idea to ignore ie for a while, but never thought it could be practical til I read that article
bmore guy to bmore guy what do you think about the ravens taking Phillip Henry c baylor at pick 98?
where's at ?
that nigga still owes me a date to bamboo lol
Not happy about this losing streak caps are having on the road.
i do what i do and you do what you can about it
no blog post this week, but new design sometime within a week.
working on a design distracted me from writing a new post.
Sorry everyone!
www.pledge4patriots.com is now connected to Facebook!!
ask away, anything I can do to help
Thanks !
Sounds like a great event!
Yul Kwon: On Survivor, the highest height I saw was the top of a coconut tree.
America Revealed is shot almost entirely from the sky.
here goes my mom annoying me smfh i need my own laptop shit is getting annoying
I am really looking forward to that session Aden.
Great topic.
Good idea.
Thank you!
Tame Impala sounds like the Beatles
give something or offer something in return within a year
Going to the white water center for a trail run with the dogs on this beautiful day!!
I just finished watching an episode.
I do love all the gay innuendo.
LURV IT!
Wow!
Ebay to acquire Magento, excited to see what happens.
Stop in for Coa's Breaded Pork Milanesa Torta today!
Breaded pork topped with lettuce, tomato, and Coa mayo!
Ok y'all, I'll stop with the baseball tweets now.
Off to sleep...perchance to doctoram about Matt Kemp.
Good night!
If it were the end of the day now...what would you be so proud to have accomplished?
on the menu here at least through the summer, possible all year if there is demand.
no sarcasm!
it's a really cute memory.
:
I miss you
Ah I hate when USC wireless Internet goes down!!!
Beautiful Day!
Morning all!
....
much respect dude.!
thank u
Very cool  good to know ...
trying to finish first one and see the movie today, then read your post!
yayayayay.
I'll see what we're doing that saturday.
We're there the 17th20th
Dude, Pipo should have his own Twitter account.
Funny stuff.
Is he the only recurring character on your show?
Great treadmill songs??
screwed up and can't deliver till the 15.
Supposed to be delivered on the 10th.
You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes
Good morning Brian!
RT : Good morning to some of my radio east coast tweeps.
miss the morning crew.
um I wanna visit but that a 26 hour doctorve :...NODEAL
impulse brownies smh
New Jersey Autistic Boy Records Teachers' Alleged Abuse  ABC News
please watch kony 2012 join invisible childoctorn this war must end he must be stoped hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years
Next time I go to the barber I'm getting The Brock
If you're not at the bar right now, get with it and tune in to  Sounds like he ate his Wheaties!
LEGGO!!!
Oh....haha, fail on my part.
What's the best thing about being a therapist for you?
What makes this professorssion most worthwhile or meaningful for you?
: this new jason misterz album  Definitely.
Bynum not always interested in playing hard
Well, hello LA ...
Traffic as far as the eye can see.
no way they'll get a second for him.
Bounce on Saturday  Crazy!
what do you think?
I ate every calorie I encountered today, and a few I had to go out of my way to find.
Only two more days left ...
Jesus has risen and we on earth have been granted a new beginning.
Happy Easter everyone.:
Lol.
What was he doing?
IU Skype Class: Q: Who are your mentors Frances?
A: My grandmother, my father, John W.
Gardner, General Lloyd Austin I and Jim Collins!
Today will be a good day, today will be a good day...
RT : I think what's fun is that they could include/embed, Vokis, Voicethread, youtube videos, glogs, etc, etc!
I have never found anybody who could stand to accept the daily demonstrative love I feel inside of me and give back as good as I give Plath
thank you and good night
would love to talk to you about being part of a popup Americanmade menswear event this April  .
Going to a meeting and afterward working on my book ttyl
SEE YOU TONIGHT GIRL VEGAS!!
Good morning beautiful people
In the final hours of door to door for
thanks for following RareRO!
:
This newspaper needs a viagra.
Likewise, cheers!
RT : hey chef Thanks for the follow.
No worries, Dave  thanks for checking.
I just followed
Gen Next values: good parent, successful marriage, help others, own home, religion impt, highpaying career, free time, fame
Pretty sure ESPN was reporting this at 1PM yesterday afternoon.
Still not confirmed?
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes.
We have breaking news!
Tune in
Hey Austin Fans!
Check out our new Austin Twitter Account.
Watch for our great Austin offers being tweeted out to our Austin followers!
ok.
bye
Grabbed speakers for 's talk.
Risk of dance party rising.
send us a book and we'll see about that!
No ticket on the dash I'm good.
It was nice meeting you at the Fly Wade event.
Take care and happy holidays.
Just got to Gypsy Bar in Greenpoint and found out it is their last night.
All booze has to go.
159 Greenpoint Ave.
Pass it on.
This kicks ass man!!!
Unfortunately yes.
It's not cool but it is normal.
Class  RT : Kudos to Spanos  the for retiring the double nickel.
why is Samardzija out?
I'm using it in Intet for that very reason.
Still lets me set up, but not as win more as in Animar
if you have a Blog Lovin' account..
FOLLOW US!
As your attorney i advise you to take a hit out of the small brown bottle in my shaving kit.
Need auto repair?
We can ease the burden on your insurance through social media.
Thanks 4 mention!
I usually disappear cause I'm addicted to G but he's legend her.
Last tweet Mar01.
Hmm.
With me of course.
Of course, it's difficult to talk about Prop B b/c of all the misinformation floated by its proponents
BTW : you're an awesome person Sharon : soo glad U are my twitter friend :!
justsaying :
doctornk on a Tuesday!
Why
You show him what's up!
haha
lmaoo my unnecessary hand motions
I hate debates...already.
Nashville Connection tomorrow and then School choir concert Sunday!
Can't wait to sing our choir songs in different languages...
Lol

Broadcast standards and journos with a spine and integrity.
Now they're just heads and faces, but for a few.
Checkin out at !
Playin w/ my boys And  come on people!!!
Dumb blasted
Just listened to four of the podcasts, as well as the TAL segment.
I think Interruptible is my favorite so far.
Happy birthday to my best friend since preschool !!!!!!!!!
Old enough...remember the great Sam Cooke...Joshua style and voice!
Check out these fellow promo girls
It's gonna be fun!
Shine On, Smile On!
If all else fails, sleep with your sources.
Worked for one of my former journalism professorssors.
Is your child running in to trouble?
Would like to track is every move?
Then check us out at www.meitrack.net.
You need to show up more often Brian : Tonight was fun to take in.
let's do it.
I am loving LBJs face right now.
Not just any forest, but a forest where they get paneling
is on the map!
Get in on the ground floor of a unique summercamp staffing partner.
Coming soon to a camp near you!
VLJ's Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am!
Call VLJ to confirm your attendance!
Whining, not hardly, encouraging enfranchisement of all voters to be included, absolutely.
There is a difference between the two.
Happy New Year everyone....
The only guys I respected on Red Suxs R gone.
Francona, doctorw, Wakefield  Varitek.
Now I can hate them with ALL my heart!
Go Yanks!
BoiseSOC Bieter: Cities must stress livability because livability equals economic development,and economic development gives us prosperity.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
323
Good morning It is very fine today!!!!!!!!!
I can see you:
Today is my first day rehearsing with Harmonious Funk.
It's good to recognize code and understand how it works and what it does.
But I think outsourcing is a good way to go.
Gm Tweoples!!
Beyond being a creative genius, Steve Jobs revolutionized  evolved life as we know it
: you a big Hoe if you got that jungle fever you can be so ignorant sometimes.
true!
I guess ill just get up for some cookies!
Haha
Thanks to everyone who attended our first meeting!!
Special thanks to doctor Jared Harris for speaking to the group tonight!!
evidently you aren't a fan of me being bigger and stronger than Gronk?
Now tweeting for work from Follow!
:
don't be surprised, you knew Ben was going to take Courtney for a test doctorve on the overnight date before getting rid of her
Steph Curry and the Warriors will play the Nuggets tonight in the first of three meetings this season between the two teams
Thanks to and for the great responsive web presentation.
We fail to see the problem...plus, it's not even noon...so technically it's still morning.
Love 's beHeard campaign!
Good job!
U ALREADY KNW NIGGA.
IF SHE AINT CASHIN OUT..
TELL DAT BITCH GOOD BYE IN SPANISH.
THEN FUCK HER FRIENDS..
I need to shower about 3 more times to actually get the paint off
matter of fact you just doctorpped the new ass controller I just bought talking bout oops my bad so stfu
What a good idea!
What do you think, ?
RT Sarah should be an chapter leader!
My face is so dirty ...
Being whorish,using everyone u meet!Will come bk nite rip yur ass apart.
Critics and Comics have one thing in common HUMOR!
Can you order me a shirt...!?
keep doing the thing cat.
your his queen but he has a wife.
We have to quickly reindex all our deals.
The API will have limited results for about an hour.
Sit tight!
what about Sacramento?
The date isn't even showing on the events page :/
you're still talking to him so it obviously hasn't happened yet...
Time to hit the gym!
Trailers packed up !!
Ready to hit the road!
Alera Radius Corner Bookcase, Wood Veneer, 7Shelf, 36w x 12d x ...
I really don't care for too many people but I did care about her.
I know she is in a better place.
R.I.P.
Ms Audoctory Gail Johnson.
I'm just hoping I didn't inadvertently put naughty things in the shapes.
I rushed out the door and didn't have time to check that.
New Bourbon Heritage Menu starting soon.
There is Makers Mark everywhere!!
Yum
A hunnid mathafuckas can't tell me nothing
Most of Street Fighter training consists of punching Dan in the nuts.
DAMN...Ashley S, even I knew Bentley wasn't right...
another Emily incident
Reminder: Members of South Jordan professorssional Firefighters there is a meeting tonight or tomorrow night at 6:30pm.
Wanna tell you about the girl I love, my she looks so fine...
No one making more than 1 million should have to pay a smaller share of their income taxes VP Biden at Gen44 reception
thank you for the follow.
you knew your dude was playing u and you still went with him
AskKyle; it's definitely talking about me.
I do.
I'm going to start using that.
Haha
I want a personalized tag for my car.
ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?
Naps.
No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
Sheboygan has a lab for food?
I went to the wrong school RT: howards grove high  student passed out in food lab
Women with mustaches know they have mustaches, right?
They're not just oblivious to that fact?
rockin out to Baby in store...now i'm all gone..
:
Good lord, an entire family walked in wearing Ed Hardy.
Not sure how to respond.
Lady I sho would be retweet if I could.
But you are so ministering to me right now!
That's a great question  working on a blog post.
Thanks for the inspiration!
great caddyshack reference.
happy valentines
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
someone take me there NOW!
Compendium's Chris Baggott Blogging is a spectacular acquisition tool.
When we lose someone that has affected so many in our industry, we need to pause to celebrate the life of DickClark.
RIP now, old friend.
so does it sound like Gillis?
Shout Out To The Newest Follower !
U Playin Puck On The 3rd?
Tryin To Play On My Team This Time?
Lol
Getting spooked at the Monsters, Myths, and Legends session
Leaving Iowa...Step 1 on our journey to Haiti
Bullying Prevention Tip 3  Have students get CREATIVE, schools skits, design hall posters, Stop Bullying Tshirts.
thinking about RFID
love me 3
Screen shot it and repost then!!!
Focus Group this Wednesday.
Looking for Males and Females 1830 who own a cellphone.
Group lasts 1 1/2 hours and pays 85.
Recommended FOLLOW: GIRL CLOWN the film's composer  talented, awesome and supernice!
In a pretty good mood to have just worked for 7 hours.
Lol.
Love is pure, love is kind, love is unconditional, love is patient, love is everlasting, love is forgiveness, love is eternal.
S.
left bout 2:45 went to my guy Tonitos bar then went home bout 4:00.
why didn't you let me know before we wrapped?
2 tributes to you in the film though.
I think I am meant to travel.
Just saying.
yeah I'm using a 4G aircard.
No wifi for me either.
That's book 6, and it's still no good?
I'm only up to 4 but keep hearing they get better.
I guess not.
No good, no good
FOUR days until I have official occupancy status in my new digs, and 16 days until the full move.
I can't wait.
Reading The Moonstone by Wilkie Colins  like it as a mystery, but love the humor!
Miss Clack  her precious tracts...
Are there any bonefires happening graduation weekend?
UK signees Scout rankings added together come up to 70, just one spot behind UofL's signee Terry Rozier who comes in at
When the Lakers lose everybody comes together  starts dickriding eachother!
Who is trying to hoop today?
I know you're not supposed to fan girl over superheroes but seriously.
If Thor had short dark hair...him and Iron Man 
The number one way the Colorado State Government is going green is by reducing ENERGY by 20!
What are you doing to reduce energy?
It's going to be really sad when the owner goes off to his/her secluded music room in the woods and the piano's gone
Who went to the UTSA Spring Game!?!?
I see your doctorgs/alcohol and raise a great scene study class/the reminder that you can do something right now and then.
The people in this class are so uneducated.
They think waisting class talking about doctorgs is going to get them somewhere in life ha idiots
Just discovered and AMAZING Pinterest app for Facebook.
You can make your Pinterest page one of your custom tabs easily!
I figured out that I've been playing some of rhthyms wrong and some of the notes wrong and I just about cried...
2012 is turning out to be OVER THE TOP for ME!
YOU GUYS ARE BEING PUSSIES!
BE REALLY MEAN TO US!
giving blood today :
im scared my partner is gonna kill me !
Leaders are made, they are not born.
They are made by hard effort.
Vince Lombardi
We have moved from murder ballads tp rockabilly and back again
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to 
Good first day at work.yay!
Gotta get ready for day two tomorrow.
Music makes every mood better!
r.kelly...the doctoram...the weeknd.
finally off 
I would love to meet you goofy goober!!!
Selling homes.
hey!
How u be lately?!
It's been a minute!!
OOC: Just came back from the dance showcase!
Do not talk about me like that when you're obese in every crease.
I'm dying
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:17
I don't know if Lexington, KY has a Rocky Rococo's but if so, I'm sure  his Carroll Pioneers are eating there tonight!
Exploring the French Quarter.
There is honesty no place else like it.
RT EcommerceJobs: MULTICHANNEL ATTRIBUTION: To guarantee success, spend 95 of your time defining the problem and 5 solving it.
...
51st CD DNC Delegate Elections: 2pm, Machinist Union Hall, 590 Park Way, Chula Vista, 91910
Merry Christmas!
we are getting ready for a big meal for the homeless and anyone in need it will be great!
oh yeah baby, baby, baby, oh.
Like baby, baby, baby no!.
I would trade 1000 groupies for 1 true love, ANYDAY!!
While we makin xrated movies gone head and do u are a superstar can i be one of ur groupie
Yeah an im in ner like mothafuckin swim wear
wish it was socially acceptable to wear a poncho around town
i believe i just did
I wanna go to the Galleria tho!!
I would too!
Hahaha :
I get the link between 'Planes, Trains  Automobiles' and 'Due Date' but they just don't compare.
The former is funnier w/ a lot more heart.
Getting my nails done with .
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Anyone can roast beef.
U live in Sweden
Society is founded upon cloth  Thomas Carlyle
ur days of being a fair skinned fairy are over
then be one!
slept weird i guess...
stefani, were you in powell or the research library?
we def want to know about any wifi problems.
thanks.
Precious nugget from doctorCourtney Hunt at tcbsm4hr: If your org has more than 1 employee, your org needs a social media policy.
iwanna go gocartin...
on some roller coasters.
30 Minutes till we pick the WINNER of our 2nd Trivia question of the day  winner will receive a FREE band  tweet your answer
No.
No it's not.
Shut up little boy tahaha
I understand now.
You're too broke to give back what you owe.
You're weak as fuck punk.
Looking for a better way to conduct coupon transactions?
We would like to show you how.
Artist gets help from community to create mosaic at Peck Park in San Pedoctor  Contra Costa Times
you have to look up!!
: We hope you enjoyed your stay otherwise!
That and the fact that the Variety Playhouse burned down during the opening act!
Listening to Up All Night at the ocean.
3
is milk suppose to bubble somebody please answer me before I doctornk this!!???
I10 is closed!
king of heave and hell lol
I love your twitter pic
I'm shocked and appalled that flying a high school football team from Fla.
to Wash.
may not be the most financially sound idea.
Lol at you....what makes you think that cussing at me is going to make me want to let you out of the parking lot.
We opened the smallest real estate office in the country today,The Real Estate Office at the Betty Brinn Childoctorn's Museum in Milwaukee
Also great bumping into V.
Shane from who I haven't seen in several months.
Walked away w/slim pickings; not discouraged.
sorta see right now is The Five Year Engagement.
Well, Sleepless Night opens this Friday.
Definitely want to see that.
RT : Can't wait to experience your performance!!!
And thanks for your support
Go ahead and run on Ichiro.
What knuckleheads.
Currently watching: this strange yet completely awesome Bruce Lee interview.
Really flipping cool.
so I got a new icon: you like it?
guess what.
For a mind trip, watch 'Minority Report' again in the context of Zimmerman.
Ethics issues raised by future 'precrime' system.
why the blue truck?
Photo Gallery Flashback of the Day  1985 Farm Aid in Champaign, IL  www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html .
A great festival!
You can improve your health and live the life you deserve!
I have been where you are.
I know its possible!
And I am here to help!...
i miss you by blink 182.
I need a pencil
RT: MASTERPIECES tonight at 8pm!!
Terrific Play!
If you want to see something you can debate afterwards, see this :
omg.
I wanna go to your concert but its in manhattan and im scared my parents wont let me goo !
Ughh
the show last night was wonderful!
ty so much!
3
follow me!
Xx
Appreciated the RT yesterday!
Have a great weekend!
you bet she is!
What's new with you?
Once Again Happy Birthday To My Younger Brother GMO.I love u Bro, Ur All Grown Up Now.!!U Made It,W/ No Kids No Early Marriage.
via : doctormmMcNaughtonPhDCMC: George Carlin said, Somewhere in the world there is the via
Guess she's not all that punctual.
Never Gonna Leave this Bed got me through a really weird time!
Amazing music!
That makes you feel something!
Thank You!
time warp?
Editing Kiss The Bride.
Regan Gomez, Darren Henson, Persia White were all excellent!
In pre production on STANDOFF now!
We Never Stop!
You already know, but I'll say it anyway: you're at an awesome bar.
Also, Princes of the Universe would be a rad bar name.
she's not on the program, but I'll look for her.
Asecs 14 in Williamsburg, so I'm sure she'll be there.
Bin Laden???Funny how they tryna blame 9/11 on Bin Laden..Closure??
yeah ok.research ppl dnt believe everyting you hear..DontLeadMeOn!!!
lolwutgtfonoob is the best thing to say to people.
DuringTheSummer I wanna hang out with all of my friends!
Currently reading the Game of Thrones book series.
Show is so good, I had to pick it up.
but until she tell me she's ready....Im
Good luck tonight Muells!!
Hopefully this is the new start for you and the Av's!!
Lets go Bubba
Heading to NYC tomorrow for the PR News Digital PR Awards.
Crossing fingers!!!
My humans left early this morning.
Think it might be baby time.
Most impressive thing about this Dodger team is will to fight back.
They wear other teams down and never show signs of giving up.
Gotta see them all!
Scentsational candles and lucious fragrances
Listening to present on mobile strategy at MCN2011!
Yikes!
Palin's voice still like fingernails on a chalkboard.
No.
Plan on tuning in to Denver and Wisconsin.
thanks for the RT!
:
going to class
is that, that tall skinny ass nigga
Who knew: Intrigue  mystery in the world of weights  measures: goo.gl/C6lhb How about a literary thriller called LE GRAND K?

Efficiency is doing things right.
Effectiveness is doing the right thing.
Please get Paul Martin off the power play  I beg you
Dirty hit after dirty hit by philly and now the crowd is chanting asshole Stay Classy Philly!
21 Devils lead!
with 31 series lead!
Going to sleep thinking about the best person in the world I love you 
Landed just in time two minutes before airport noise curfew.
Now need a taqueria.
Attending a Luncheon feat.
Houston Mayor Annise ParkerHost Asian Chamber of Commerce today 11:30AM in /www.asianchamberhou.org/
Congrats to mister Plummer, his performance in Beginners was absolutely heartbreaking.
But of course Albert Brooks was clearly snubbed.
Back to Back Home runs!!!
KState 3 KU 0 in the 1st inning.
Just landed in Colorado Springs for our weekend series with CC.
Last time we were here they ended our season.Time to take two!
I sapposed to be getting one!
Soon.
I know you aint got none!
Its not that I hate you...
I just think youre a self absorbed, cold, fake bitch.
Thats all :
Yes.
maybe even next Thursday, before the long weekend?
Crush?
I'm so tired
Getting ready to hit the road...
Only 800 miles to go...
Mississippi Bound!!
Two Rivers Bluegrass Festival Thu, Fri, and Sat!!
How would you approach shoe selection for a beach wedding?
Nice.
RT : Wow!
Who thought Reds would win in Atl AND Cards would lose at home to Flubs?!
Reds are 1 1/2 games out of first!
ATT warns I use too much data on my unlimited data iPhone plan.
Listening to too much on my commute.
How should I occupy myself now?
Whataburger field in Corpus is awesome.
Intimate park with wind turbines, tankers, bridge in the distance.
You are a verry good mother for Austin!
We love him .
Please follow me?
: I'm a Mahomie for live!
a WierdFactAboutMe is that all of your weird facts describe me!
I cant say for sure.
I'm to tell Palestinian Authority: peace can only come  bargaining table  it must recognize Israel's right 2 exist as a Jewish state
what did I tell you about telling me things?!
that's exactly what you do.
Especially the ones who you claim you love the most
New Follower heyy girl hey
and madonna
hope so cuz i would go off
not really..
Listening to Pedoctor the Lion with my two favorite cats, who I kinda wish were named pedoctor.
wtf how do not get kicked off ur so horrible if i had one of those id watch for wht u say its funny lol :
Verbssuch a great way to think about the importance of what happens in libraries.
Now Pinterest is everywhere.
How do you get measurable results with Pinterest?
Nice so where ya from
...one last chance is better than none.
yepp.
it's on his Facebook
We got to play with our former President tonight!
Well not the real one, but it was still very presidential.
Awesome 9/11 remembrance event.
Lakers played 5 against 8 in the 4th quarter but still got the quality win
At a Party......
Wish was here xP Lol Hahaa It's funny here the quys house that I'm in, his name Homer xD
why couldn't they have done that in the fa final?!
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and doctorving away from the accident
guess that turned out well thought i was gon get treated
Plane sits all night, and it's only after pax are boarded that flight crew notices 2 tires are showing cord?
Seriously ?
I love Seinfeld
: thank you : your very welcome!
3 silos for everyone during the show and all night long.
Lets get down Milwaukee!
That's a lot of GD POUNDS!
RT : Stat of the month: Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90  90!
pounds this offseason.
Props.
what are you doing after school
gotta take today off my feet need a mo fuggin brake athleticboyprobz heheh
how u been?
DMed u
Honey.
do i need to say anything about Prince Harry?
Love him.
Great!
Thanks for letting me know :
Just tapped Lips of Faith Raspberry Saision.
wish you all could be here!
The only way Easter can get better is with a nice dose of GameofThrones!
Jeez the weather man sounds so bored.
there could be a little or a lot of rain, it depends
you know I got this.
:
Would it be rude to Delete all my ExGirlfriends off of my Facebooks ?
Each child has a voice that wants to be herd Sen.
Newell
i don't care that we lost....you guys played amazing and you made the mavs sweat with your shots!
GoSpursGo!
so wats up party at the twins house any one lol 
This version of How He Loves by Anthony Evans is taking me there!
It's almost overwhelming.
Thanks to everyone for checking out MMJ daily deals.
We've been the biggest seller by more than double!
Feels good to feel loved!
BAD GIRL ASS CLUB
Baby good love and protection, make me your selection.
So predictable.
Atianda saw your sign, said we're voting for that man.
He goes home to eat/sleep than comes out so people can vote 4 him.
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU!
WORKING TOGETHER WE CAN INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
When was the last time and awards show came and went and we weren't left saying it was a shitty year for movies
Don't ask about my pan pizza....it's personal.
Hey, Hey, were the Monkeys.
Damn..
just saw Davie Jones Died!
My mom loved him.
lol love how the first thing in your description is 'redhead'...
i
Exactly what I just said.
To get their attention; it's ridiculous how hard it is.
thank you for the incredible work!
Your style, creativity, and passion will take u places.
Happy to build the biz
I loved to see them evolve into different paragon paths back in the day.
Like the character was leveling up with us over time
Was curiouswhat was it like to be transformed from a duck to a diva for the show by your competitors?
yesterday was the last day...
But the good new is YOU are free, you smchi pro, you : 
Mormonic: The new Mitt Romney musical.
It's more than underwear, but not much...There's that smell...
Is this real?
the critics rave.
knock, knock, knock, Benny...knock, knock, knock, Sheldon...knock, knock, knock, Benny...knock, knock, Sheldon...Benny
It's gonna be in the BankAtlantic Center Oh and it's on July 1 2012 lol idk y I believed those girls in class .
cleaning the house :
Can't sleep I shoulda went out :/
Cooler than a breeze.
I hate waitin for the bus after 5th
Is google search down for anyone else?
Having worked all day on a fundoctorising grant, I'm calling it a night.
Tomorrow is a better day.
Best Wishes to All!
well put beanie.
telling someone you love them after their gone leads to regrets
Alot of things I wont take, and.thts being someones second....
CHEERS
aww thats awesome!
Im seeing live in july at !
They r my secoond favorite band!
last time i checked , yu was nobody in my life !
Performing at Broadway Comedy Club in about 45 min.
Come out!
Always remember who you are and where you come from.
The world will try to change you don't let em!!!
off to no doubt, no doubt about it.
Whats A Fuck Boy Too A Trap Nigga , You Moving Ounces Im Moving By The Pounds Nigga !!
I fucked up bro lol I blame you bro
Happy Birthday hun!!
Hope your days' amazing!!3
let us know if you have any questions about using the app, happy roommate searching!
why the emphasis on RELAXING?
Is that code for something else?
:P
had beers with buddies; now, Jason Isbell show.
Kind of thinking about buying a ticket to the Indy 500
we're thankful that people support our mission of preserving one of ft.lauderdale's historical icons!
Thank you!!!
LowCholesterol Recipes: Cookie Mix in a Jar I 4.67 / 5 Stars  84 Reviews by Lisa Oatmeal Raisin Spice cookie mix in a jar with tag a
Persistence propels potential to perfection.
Soichiro Honda, Founder, Honda Motor Company
SMILE BIG...we open at 4 today :
United way will provide Tax Assistance at the LaSalle Branch every Thursday in March at noon.
To schedule an appointment dial 211.
I know way more than you'll every think
We won't know until 2012.
: RT : using any Lotus components?
That'd be very cool for couple of British companies.
your welcome.: lmao.
thank you!
We're glad you enjoyed the show!
Come back and see us again soon!
I think I just threw up a little up.....
5Votes means JOBS!
We gone tear some sht up...cutdafool.
It's gonna to be like the TSP preparty.
USPTO Dir Kappos: Patents for Humanity program, providing acceleration vouchers for inventors putting IP to humanitarian use.
msu does have a great name in ncaa bball.
But they wont make the tourney with less than 17 wins...remind me of there record...
just don't look down!
it's scary down there...
Guess I'm gonna try tweetin now.
Who's with me?
Actors  unsure of how to prepare for an audition?
Download Actsophia and use Sides Prep for a stepbystep guide on preparing to book!
tell the truth to em.
healthrecords ask him.
You want the truth about him get at me.
Don't believe his lies
Listening to Astor Piazzolla while Jan reads Julian Barnes.
Nice Saturday afternoon.
WNdoctor700 worked out of the box.
almost boring...
I'm tempted to replace the firmware just because...
Rachel apparently doesn't have what you described as hot.
NiallisBeautiful ...
The End 
I'll pass along my congrats, too.
Look forward to thinking about it alongside Black Hearts.
Thanks for sending it, tho!
Can't imagine he'll be invited back.
Is it ever a good idea to start a lecture w/ a Klan joke?!
I think you wanted me to remind you to bring home a bottle of red wine.
maxwell isn't even yours
What a beautiful day in good ol' Saint Paul.
What are you doing to enjoy this wonderful weather?
are the most amazing musicians weknow and together they createthe most beautiful music
Your all I think about 3
Thought that said Restore Santorum  confused and horrified.
Thanks to everyone who came out for Bereolaesque!
thanks chris!
: have a great weekend!
RT : Winning organizations must have a culture of communication.
It must be in the DNA of who you are.
hahaha I wish ;
Presale tix for our show w/ DALE EARNHARDT JR.
JR.
are 10.
Get from us  get a free CD single/button at the show!
I've made a list to organize my lists!
No, where to put it so I won't miss it?
Just because they make bright blue eyeshadow does not mean you should wear it.
talkin bout huge ass motherfucking cock3 I'd take that.
eh it ain't no Cutler arms but at least it looks like I workout!
LOL
whats good 7 when is Nobody But Us with and coming out?
I'm going to be blogging  stay tuned for my post early next week!
cc
Even after a bad harvest there must be sowing.
Seneca
...The Savage Detectives.
:
thanks, Sam!
Enjoy your weekend!
David Wilkerson went home to be with the Lord today in car crash in TX.
His ministry was huge inspiration to me.Great man.Great reward!
Can't wait to pet the virtual penguins at the BBC's DVD release of FrozenPlanet at the short hills mall tomorrow!
alright,cool!
So I'll see you there then :
The govt is so mystified, mystified by all of these autoimmune disorders in kids the last 15 years!
What on earth could it be?
LOL!
RT : I just saw my goldfish doing a P90X workout.
I think I'm feeding them too much as well.
I have some more photos of that I need to get on flickr.
I have no idea what they were thinking.
we have to become an idea capital dwntwnmiami 
Dude, I was there.
Stop trying to change the story.
yes beer and bacon!
M
Have a great day!
Yo, u hear about Rose???
great movie.
my stomach is still gurgling.
most of that stuff i have seen/read, but still so eyeopening!

the movies  Inception  composer Hans Zimmer on the show tomorrow
Busy busy week, pride and unity awards tomorrow, and the then honors banquet on Thursday..i still need to buy the shoes for Thursday

My face break out bad smh Baseball doin this
so true, preach

you have great friends!
15 miles?
2 weeks before LA?
It's called tapering girl!!
; do 67, and then ice the knee.
Looking forward to my 3 day weekend!
Hubby and daughter are both home tomorrow!
that ain't no good homie
Oh my gosh, Philly, you are getting me so excited for Reach!
E.g., not a brand new Gen Ed, a '10yr tune up' emphasizing continuity.
mee 2!
Ah mine can't curl that way waaaah!
And her brother haha oh yeah ;
JK: sense of Belonging  recognition, insight, proactivity, inclusion
Gosh everyone is yelling at me and being mad at me, i cant handle this anymore, just need someone to talk to.
Scouting High school  college.
omg u look so much like my BFF that's crazy mayb y'all twins or sumthing lol but seriously
Another coldn yucky day.
This calls for an even bigger discount....mention this tweet from now until noon and get 50 off ANY medium doctornk!
is ticked that the homeowner cannot B contacted atm.
HEY, 216!!!
UR H2O IS RUNNING.
doctorPPING THROUGH MY CEILING!
Under Pleasure P is my sht !
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
Well...
Imma chill on the balcony!
Scratch that.
We're going with the inside of a banana tree.
not a prob
Very happy birthday wishes go out to the talented  kind mister today!
so weird that it's sunny
So glad I don't do lent, I love the food I eat, swearing, and every urge I have that others push themselves to suppress
This is the best doctor Phil episode ever
just starting!
Was a paralegal since I graduated but always wanted to act didn't want to wake up one day with regret :
Let's get these teen hearts beating faster, faster.
Jazzlovers Follow and RT us for free tkts to the
: The Buried Life just crossed off: write a new book.
Bring them on to cross off 79: Dance with Ellen.
i know how u feel, i'm at law school from 7am to 1pm and i have to work from 2pm to 10pm everyday :
you say imaa princess but maa needs are more like a queens 
Rough night for my Pats but I'm still a New England fan for life.
It's almost spring training!
Let's go Sox!
I am a contender.
RT : Yay for moms, , babies and all!
Happy birthday to anyone born today.
Eat it up, suckers.
See you in four years.
RT Kill it : Lets go C's!
Making  at The Greatest Bar with and !
Excatly one year ago, I.
skyped with bieber,
It was worth the wait!
The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!!!
We are happy to see that!
You rock!!!
That's disgusting.
RT: : There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog.
WE HAVE LEVI SHOES!!!!
Stetson U developed 2nd or 3rd college iPhone app, now have an augmented reality app  project based learning
I'm playing two acoustic shows in WI.
Probably too far away for you to check out.
I'll get to Cali one of these days.
Good Morning Beautiful/ Handsome 3 Have a great day!:
someone called me lookin to cop that iphone big homie
check Observant Eye at the Metropolitan Museum it goes well with your mission!
Thanks girl!
I had a great birthday of swimming, rock climbing and taco tuesday 
Haha don't be, I'm a workoholic lameo.
Desperate times calls for Desperate measures...
39 
is taking her cat to get her sutures out this morning
Fuck emotions they cause nothing but stress and pain
Listening to the kids play outside, and watching Scott assemble the gardening boxes I asked for.
Klinsmann: It's up to me to build on US foundation
um I'm going to miss you and the rest of your class..you're the last decent class..
Thanks for the mention...looking forward to reading your posts.
Missing Siena...:
i just can't stop listening to it!
happy mothers day to my mom up in heaven .
i know she mad at me cause i aint finish school but im going to college to change all that love u
Glory Road ...
What about the brothers with an 8 pack or a keg lol.
Kinedo is now AfterShock Web Design.
Tell your tweeps to follow us at our new twitter:
Put some damn clothes on skank.
Lmao!
Light weights!
uu!
RT : Happy bday to tw coldest chick in the game!
The next light weight to me!
Yes!
Braves do it again!
Just saw decked out in green accessories trying to cross Connecticut ave.
I laughed at that, too!
RT : Hahahahhaa they think Twilight is dark.
Smart article on voguearchive All of your thoughts were dead on.
Karen Leland: How to Promote Your Small Business Blog
Go Canucks Go!!!!
I love being a citizen of the best city in the world!
:
Oh lird...
Sure now it wants to autocorrect to lord.
Whatever.
Music Matters
Who did you have in the final four?
It's great to see the instant awareness that this KONY2012 trend is creating.
Let's hope it lasts long enough to see it through
you are an amazing momma to our two boys.
Happy mothers day.
I hope you enjoy your day.
Love you
I totally understand why owners leave trust funds to their dog.
My states my puppies.
Yea, I know Im crazy dog lady.
Lol
ya know I don't feel really good where's that theraflu shit?
mom hahha great lady
Rain picked up and got louder just as Midnight City by M83 came on Grooveshark.
Small moments.
Sweet Jesus kanye!
Twitter may implode
Congrats to you and you family.
She is beautiful.
Wow.
Carver Museum.
Had my PBS induction ceremony there.
Glad to see its still standing.
I cant think of anything I would hate more.
It seems like it would be useful, but the unintended consequences will be Hell.
yeah sorry rachael it's true
RT : That was smtulsa 's Realtor to the stars :  Can I help u w/something?
Lori
9 hours sounds like 8 hours too long
Thats respectable!
I credit BirthControl for my tweeting and
yeah I know hoe!!
Goodyear takes FOREVER just to change oil!
I'm bout to start changing my own.
and ignore the DBs that got torched by rest of NFCN last year?
THE DogHouse on the hill?
If getting your pic there is wrong..then you're in EXCELLENT company.
Utilizing our network of trusted vendors, we will save you time  money with almost any type of personal assistance  concierge service.
yeah i do be ignoring, i go into my zone
Explains a lotRT CNN mind in a BET world.
Never put much thought behind the local/state gov officials when voting.
After seeing this vikings debacle, I pledge to change my ways
Thanks for passing along my piece.
Shhhh, don't tell anyone but G is beginning to grow on me a bit.
Where are my actors, directors, producers, and agents who are looking to network and connect?
I am not sure.
You tell me.
What do I need to know?
This administration in Washington is just like the last.....they don't listen like Congress
iLoveWhenYou tell me i'm beautiful
i'm up already, too!
Please welcome adamandstevesto to the Max life
almost lover pandora is the shit
Yaaay!
Right when you make one tell me your screenname so I can add you...I think Habiba has one too 
ItsAwkwardWhen you go 2 the right n the other person goes 2 the right 2 then u go 2 the left 2 get out the way but they go 2 the left 2
Yeah..
Today was horrible..
Just curious, does this comparison ring true for you  old man cafe: hipster cafe:: old man bar: hipster bar?
AND STILL AND YET STILL MY STOMACH IS NOT SATISFIED AND REQUIRES ANOTHER SNACK...
AND GRANT IT'S WISHES I SHALL...
;
OMG3 i talked to Him today;!
Two Cow Garage two blocks away at Ace of Cups and I'm still working.
This is not what I need to be doing right now.
ur joking right?
Raise spending through education, we have people lets train them not import more!
Welcome on the follow  thanks for the RT on the opening of cafe in downtown Tampa.
Swing in for lunch sometine
yes, yes they are :
doctor Lupo was in Redbook, the January 2012 issue on the topic Don't let winter make your skin look old.
Get your copy and read up, now!
The Gulf: Day late Dollar short, gov and BP
I'm going to compile every wise and/or witty thought, tweet, and idea and make a book out of it.
I love Saturdays.
No work tomorrow and I get to spend a lot of time with I look forward all week for today/tonight.
Don't end
sorry, I should have said, call bc he LOVES ufc like woah crazy.
Better, ?
celtics getting heated.
WOO!
GO CELTICS!
oh he'll yeah
Greek history to me will never get boring!!:D
While Mitt Romney is opposed to gay marriage in America, anything goes in the Cayman Islands.
Watched my favorite show smash are amaxing!
Want to be on this show so bad!
at home vs Cincy
Breakfast with the family this morning.
Feeding three growing boys is always an adventure.
will you follow me?!:
yep, got hired by Universal Orlando!!
Working Rip Saw Falls, one of the water rides.
Wisconsin Republican Senators issue orders to arrest 14 missing Democrat Senators...stay tuned.
As usual the struggle to start the year.
Is 67 acceptable for their roster??
Who designed ikea?
Thanks , , , for contacting me, it is an exciting time we live in that it is so easy to connect.
Much Love  Peace to anyone who supports our music.
VO Crew, we are now 14 on the charts of Reverbnation in all genres!
Thanks Steve!
I'm going outside in the sun to enjoy my unemployment now...
Good morning.
I'm starting my day at the gym getting a workout in.
can you follow me ?
:D
Congrats to SAASC members Jennifer Kirmer  Alex Champion!
Their poster submissions were accepted at the Midwest Archives Conference!
Ho!
I'm glad too you piped up, so it's not just me.
It's strange.
Spotted: guy without a shirt screaming at passing cars...
it's my black car isn't it?
Hatin' is bad.
Oh Hey!
Did anyone notice we got a new website!?!?!
We like it!
what do you guys think??
I would do the same thing if the internet was down for 20 minutes.
i had a foot long subway at 10 in the morning yesterday haha, was good
Omg!
High Noon is brilliant!
SECOND TO NONE ...THE END
If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the up button!!!!
My husband has built 2 different windmills, but has not yet hooked them up to make any power..that's next step to work on.
Maybe for a radio
Thanks for joining today's webinar!
those 3D sonograms are creepy as fuck.
don't care what you preggo chicks think.
they scare me.
Get on renovation/building committees.
sound good!
Have you heard the new Obie Trice album?
and yet you are NOT at the VIP preview for Carlos's show tomorrow...
Saddest face!
All forgiven if you bring me back beads, but don't describe how you got them!
Have fun for me too, you two.
should the government be doing food safety inspections...
What the fuck country/century is this?!
would have stunned Laurenitis' goofy ass!
he makes it too easy!
AH, why are you so Beautiful?
Blue is defiantly your color!
:
can you chill with the sale emails?
I get it, it ends today.
No need for 6 emails.
Poor guy who had to send them today
yup!
What are you doing today?
Im down for that DJ gig, Im ready if u need me fam!
RT I need a new Dj!!
I'll be back in Fay..
Gotta save that money for John Prine anyways..
I don't get free tickets to festivals : /
And in that moment, the Nsync pandora channel made everything feel right.
I wanna' wake up where you are.
thatGLORIOUSmoment when a professorssor dismisses class 45 minutes early bc he can't figure out his ppt when all he had to do was press enable
You know it!
: I forgot FF yesterday!
Here are my picks this week to FOLLOW!
Thanks
Im used to soarin..thats all I do!!!2FLY!!!
If I pull you closer when a group of girls are coming ..
sorry...
dot sauce is what i meant!
tied behind my back on this one
Shacking up with F.
Scott Fitzgerald for the rest of spring break.
Almost as sexy as it sounds.
Let's go Lakers.
let's make it 6 in a row!
RT : A BIG congratulations to WISELA Executive Board Member Allison Howard on her new position with !!
Ebay is the first place I check for electronics.
I usually find a good deal with a little bit of patience.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for three exciting opportunities in the Minneapolis area.
This is for a local government client and
Way to go!
I'll be doing more writingsprints tomorrow.
I now have an awake 3yr old keeping me from being productive.
Congrats to UW's Nick Toon!
The Middleton native should make another nice weapon for doctorw Brees in New Orleans.
Trashy ass blizzard i got from dairy queen...
Ugh
I will be in Austin the first week of january!
Let's catch up.
the hunger games looks good as hell!!!
During the ballgame on the radio, I heard an ad for a plan to turn debt into wealth but missed the .
Does anyone have it?
loveloveLOVE San Diego!
Tony, give me a call at 5129837614.
I would like to discuss an opportunity with you.
Thanks!
that's a very cool idea.
I've only read the first hg book...
Does Collins explain the other districts in next 2 books?
rocks!
It's not too late to join them today!
23 glorious sunset on the Gulf  Pass Christian, MS
Mexican beer night at Hooligan's, 3 for Coronas, Tecate, Pacifico beers!
2017 E North Ave
RT  With the 6th pick of the doctorft, I picked Maurice Jonesdoctorw, RB, Jacksonville
Eh, my visited the mothership Tshirt is still pretty funny ;
RT : who is doing the beat for the mic pass ACE 1
aww!
When do yall find out what it is??
Oxy Mo: Civil Libertarian
they help you sleep
Now she's crying because she doesn't want to leave lol
It looks great but Im a little puzzled.
I just looked at the site to order and realized doesn't deliver in DC...
Bieber sucks
yeah fuck her
I'm good my friend!!
Can't edit to hear the new tune : Things good with you?
Exhaustion makes cowards of us all.
Manage your energy.
We are very excited to welcome you here to Georgetown!!
:
stay beautiful.
Mexican food yuuummmm
: Life is too short to be depressed over mistakes you've made in life.
Share our 'Fun Pics' with others!
Listening to 's cover of !!
Amazing!
hate you.
thought it was pretty good!
Your son came in smelling good.
U told him nice
Guess who has Peyton Manning AND Arian Foster in their main fantasy team?!?!?!?!
SMFH......
Note to self: never respond to a student email at 11:30 PM on Saturday.
It confirms that I really don't have a life.
I can only take so much social interaction a day
If LeBron doesn't win this year he may never do it.
Easiest road to a championship ever.
Actually found a limo for prom :
Woot!
RT Yum iced coffee  savory muffin  awesomely close cully mistert.
Thx Joe  can't wait to try more from
glad I'm not her neighbor..
I've seen it..
Its so horribly tacky..
Well Suppose I Didnt Want To Share..Just Keep Things In The Hall ClosetThen It Would Be The Not Sharing Closet
Another win by the Indians!
Great defense by our team!
Love watching my boy play ball!
:
My eyebrows look really good!
And I'm really distracted....
Let's trend soulsurfer!
RT if your in!
Wake and bake then 34th and SoHo for some shopping.
Stuck on a plane in Mem bec they clsd the lng runwaywe are 2000Lbs over weight to take off on the others.
Took 4 skinny psgrs off to mk wt
My teacher after seeing my sickly self in class today: Emily, fill that out fast, go home, and don't say no to doctorgs honey
okay u do tht and yes
Don't tweet ab being on your period..
Come to the loading dock.
you too!!
It was a beautiful day here...lol hence the reason for moving :
It Is The Home Team Medias 6th Month Anniversary Next Month ..
Thanks For All Your Support ..
Where my Dailies At?
I don't think I could ever say this but I am utterly disgusted to be NY JETZ fan right now
your website is awesome as are your articles on TNation!
so tired of today.
want to get into bed
HEY Detroit!
ONLINE tickets for are all SOLD OUT!
However, we WILL be selling tickets  the door!
who's your cousin?
Oh wow!
That is cold for FL!
We are freezing in Virginia w/ 29 degrees.
It's been windy too.
Stay warm.
Enjoy ur Sunday nite!
Imma G when it comes bowling.lol
Join us at 10 in the Trenches.
Don't b scared.
So yeah, Avengers?
Kinda awesome...oh, who am I kidding.
It was ALL kinds of awesome, occurring simultaneously across multiple dimensions.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:3
new head shots for my very talented redheaded middle child...
he is soo handsome and the camera loves him so
Thank you!
110 on my bracket so far.
I had VCU over Wichita St as my 125 upset.
Lookin' good so far.
I don't even know what reconstruction is to be honest.
Good Job
im sorry I took a shit today so im all out no shit here
Idk why certain ppl wanna turn this beautiful smile upside down smh,
Good morning Twitter.
Shit man just watchin my dog sleep ya heard me yall people get at me
did last night.
me likey :
Welcome back to earth fellow Orioles fans.
That was fun while it lasted.
oh how i wish i was in miami right now
When're you in SD duder?
In Loco Parentis  In the place of a parent
sometimes i wonder where i will be in 10 years from now
Dickie: Humours of the Old Bailey recontextualizes court records into humorous tales.
I already did but your thing is private
OMG When I would moderate chat this season, creeper Laker trolls would always come in chat and talk shit
okay now i'm fangirling again I CAN'T it's almost 1am WOT IS MY LIFEE
It look like things are looking up for me putting my all in this time around
: I'm still on lastnites work.
FasGet 2 It!!!
yeah, hopefully!
Something in this classroom smells like straight shit
February 1885.....Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is published
I for sure love Kokomo.
Who doesn't?
text me!
So much cursing in Veep
Senate begins debating future of U.S.
Postal Service, is considering to allow the service to ship beer, wine and spirits.
Had the LOS burger for the 1st time.
Pickled green tomatoes are great!
Thanks for coming out in the cold to Chestnut Hill.
Exam time.
I Was Trynna Remember Why Chris Bown  Rihanna Broke Up .
Then It Hit Me .
RT Sibling Abuse is connected to the rapid increase in BULLYING.
Bullies are made in the home.
Glad you like it!
Only the best...
RT : thanks for invite...
newrelic  git integration is cool !!!
why is not holloween yet
thank god : Goodbye America!
Rihanna is moving to London.
Blue line doctorver who left Braddock  7:28, great job communicating about the delays.
Thx.
Back home again
Have a great weekend everyone!
One day the right guy will come.
Good thing that koreans dont have the same sense of entitlement that ppl in the US have re:social security/medicare
: Why not offer a Volunteer Tax to millionaires?
Great way to test patriotism and offer a channel to those 1 who want to help.
If I HAD to get out of bed, it would only be because a giant chocolate cake rang my doorbell and tried to sell me a bottle of whisky.
Your intoxicating my mind....
Baby can i get a refill??
YOUR SEXY AND YOU KNOW IT :
really ain't lol so I'm leaving while I get the chance nothings holding me back :
same!
If there's anything we can do for you guys let me know!
Chris
Me too.
That was my favorite place for a weekend brunch.
Thanks for the love!
My thoughts are with those who are involved with the terrible accident near the Bronx Zoo in NYC today.
bruce's rough talent was readily apparent.
and some still prefer it raw.
I'd take a whiskey though to ponder.
Happy for you Mark : Sucks about 4 30 am though.
I sure will  x
RT :  You guys kick some major  I am proud to be a client We love the health  wellness gurus at Vitality Team!
Stopping for Starbucks before games  yes please : 
honey you know it
Chelsea in champions league final 2012.
Chelsea not even in champions league 2013.
HEHEHEHEHEH
Who gets to name these college teams?
The Orange Men, the Jackrabbits, the Shockers, the Rusty Trombonists?
Ok, that last one was fake.
I can't believe it has been 13 years!
I've so many great memories from that day.
I love the new avi!!
is that bad?
Who Actually Wins In Team Building Activities  Villa Paradiso Hotel ...
FREE wine tasting 46pm, Happy Hour 1/2 Price Wine, Beer  Sushi 46pm AND Open Mic Night 7pmclose!
Lots going on at Crush today!!
RT : The point when you brazenly leave your Masters stream open.
Hello, and thank you
Well...one of those you have the power to change.
What would you do if you had the choice?
Shared the program with the Mom's Club of Newbury Park this morning.
Met a great group of gals!
I'm feeling the same way right now!
it wont work for me.
:/
Trying to schedule around track practice and lifting 
camp rock...what's that?
;D
A redeye flight departs late at night, arrives early the next morning  lasts about 35 hours, an insufficient period to get fully rested.
thanks for taking the time to shadow the empowerment coordinator and visit the classrooms.
looks like something Jean would eat..
LOL
Did that many years ago and remember feeling like I was at constant odds with the rest of society ...
Love seeing my family at the tanning bed
Awesome.
: Love it when they fight lol...they be going at it
Now reports are that Manning will visit Tennessee and reporting he will alsovisit Texans.
pay attention in class!
:P ItShouldBeHereWednesday :
Can't get enough of the Zeds Dead remix track, Dear God 2.0
LONG BEACH.
Little stripper childoctorn walking around cos there's a pageant.
No pics cos I don't photograph childoctorn that aren't mine.
I'm a girl lol
Dubstep in The Used's new album Vulnerable?
I dig it.
Got what I wanted now ,  nothin is gone cum in between us ever again .
Not lettin him go this time : love my baby
They asked if I gained weight and I was like na pocket can't handle the money
do you remember me?
im the girl who made the support account about you
Watching the O's this year, as everything will slowly unravel, will be a slow horrific torture process.
HeatEmployee lol : This white man cutting the grass lookin like a CEO..
Real life doctorss pants and a button down long sleeve
Aw..
My patient named her daughter after me!!..eek!!..
So sweet!!
attending allday meeting Defining the Virtual Library of the Future at NYPL  plans to strategize on efuture!
Thanks!
Glad you like it!
Direct and Interactive Marketing
YOU are the first person I thought of because you text me the most.
Rest in peace Grammie I love you
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!
What is everyone doing today to celebrate?
I could go for a bloody mary right now.
Probably shouldn't have tweeted that.
Oh well.
skipping school tomorrow!
feels good
Though LOVE him as an actor, he DEFINITELY is George NOclueNEY.
Looking for a double header Twitter Chat tonight?
journchat at 8 pm ET and the meet me on Socialchat at 9 pm ET talking
Tami needs a Mental Health appt.
STAT!
Congratulations to AllAmerican JUCO Showcase Alumnus Jesus Delgado on signing with Texas PanAm.
We wish him the best of luck!
i want a utonagan
THX!
too!
RT : I support/follow/eat at this places
Thanks for the RT!
I hate changing baby they get Shit every wear ugh........
Was it changed this year?
It was 150 MA/250 PhD for as long as I was on assistantship.
LIVE This Thursday Night  Heat Ultra Lounge Performing I Beat The Puy Up TEXT 562.307.3589 For FREE ViP List Or Bottle Service
Yeah, nobody around here is looking too great either....
All of the KU fans are loving it, though!
thanks for the album!
Ready for get2012 to begin!
Picked up my microbiome kit on the way in, that will be interesting!
Access is everything...
Our bodies replenish atoms completely every 7 years: we are processes not things.
Tag yours or your friend's band on this status so we can check you out!
I wouldn't go with Fantasy, but Historical FIction would work pretty well again.
ipod's on the brink of death.
Oh dear.
Without the Nile River, all of Egypt would be desert!
Egypt only receives an average of 1 inch of rain per year.
The Nile is 4184 mi long!
English lessons with Barry Melrose: You can't rely on the secondary and the 'thirdary' players to score for the NYR.
Thirdary?
it is:!
why are you up!!
Happy Birthday Eminem!
That celebration at Rupp was amazing.
I will never forget that scene of grown men, women, even young kids crying.
What a team, what a year.
s/o  the brother victorious for doctorpping the new mixtape The Break Up Part 2
Continuing my quest to find best early education toys to inspire Engineers.
Latest funds are snap circuits and Violet the Pilot book.
I miss you!
glorious day
It's time
Just showed my wife your videos, she kept saying SAVE THOSE.
Love it!!
Nice work B
What is there to expect.
GREAt!
It will be awesome !!!!
Thank you for following me!
Next year, our school will participate!
Catch basin!
MT : Baltimore Public Schools CEO Andoctors Alonso on 's EdTechLink: This will be a winner!
cc
Fuck the West coast and fuck everybody on the East.
LOLOLOL
if you don't stop it with yo ratchet ass guuurrrrrllll
need to go to sleep?
what else is new?
lol
Friends!!!
6.o.clock at the Boardwalk in orangevale.
Come see me make an idiot of myself on stage
Cream Lounge Scottsdale tonight Special Event No Cover Text 4803520903
thanks!
RT : FF  connecting women from..variety of professorssions Indy, founded by ...
do you like childoctorn yea I babysit a lot right now.
Will do, Joshua.
i am in a huge reading slump right now, so i get it :
no, you do!
hope to see you soon.
this weekend.
A ton of great music for free.
The Modern Electric.
Buried Wires.
Megachurch.
Very Knees.
Cloud Nothings etc.
One time I doctorpped a glass in the disposal and found the most effective solution to be just grinding it up until it went away
If you needed more proof that Umpires are horrible look at the last play in the Dodgers game.
Helton was not even close to being on the bag
I had to find Adam's URL by memory, since it seems unGoogleable.
Pretty great song.
I think I just sprained my toe .
Love, Rubio, Derrick Williams.
Right?
Mine too.
i think I'm on the fence.
too many holes in the defense.
No clear motive or cause of death in prosecution.
Luv you Rachel but can't wait to see what Keith has to say about this
that nigga mayweather knocked ortiz the fuck out now thats how u put a mf down
Thanks for having me!
that looks and sounds like a marvelous idea.
1pm RT : Tune into local lunchbox today and pledge for a chance to win Jaill albums  guest spots to the Release Party
second book Is the best !
NationalHonestyDay A night in Watching RHONJ, lounging in sweatpants and a bowl of cereal for dinner is one of our favorite things.
xo
I handle all tennis appointments by email, it's in on my professorle  :
: Let's make something happen soon.
I miss your face.
oh ya know I remember Hahahahah.
Wasn't Eddie there too
There were a number of occasions when stories just werent working and then I put a sheep in and everything came together.
I hear birds.
Note on FB re 10 MPH: It's movies like your that make me megaheart Loved every minute of the story of your journey.
Inspiring!
double dutch chocolate!
I want to go to revelles this weekend!
thanks for the follow!
love your music :
check his shirt in his avi too hahah
almost hme.
U ok?
Happy 19th Birthday to one of the greatest people in my life, !
Three more weeks til' we celebrate!
:D
I liked the length.
It felt like being part of an interesting conversation w/even more interesting people
Great!
Just let me know if you can't find it and we'll send it again.
It was sent from Kip!
Look forward to hearing back!
This mood I've been in.
just read part 42..
I started to cry, not gonna lie.
haha.
please post part 43:
Went to the movies and the boys who sat by us looked exactly like One Direction:
sorry to hear that if there is anything I can do To help let me know.
Just saw our very own professorssor Johnny Simmons, ASC
DC Choir Directors!!
Learn how to pull the best from your choir at a Master Class taught by JUNE 21 SAVETHEDATE
Who do you think looks better Tiny or Toya?
Thank you for following too, it is May 5th, Jack and I are working hard trying to raise money :
that's good to hear!!
I was hoping for your sake it was phoney!!
Massive wedgie.
Nowhere to pick it discreetly.
May have impact on audition.
Details to follow.
Oh lordy!
My space is being INVADED!
Awesome play by setting up that LAKINGS goal.
Haha I vote squirrel!!
:
IPDGC welcomes Will Youmans as the newest contributor to Take Five.
Will be publishing a blog post of his and Shawn Powers soon.
Dimmer switches can also help you save electricity in the home.
Thhat Brodcast was amazing you guys are awesome and funny!!!3
Why do people get so bent over breast feeding?
It's one of the most natural human actions to nurture.
Scared of the breast?
Get over it.
Word on the street is that is cooking up a nice professorle on one of my favorite bands in Portland.
We'll find out who next week.
gotta link??
the premiere was Monday!
To go somewhere you've never been you have to do something you've never done.
Wooohooo!
So stoked for that show: You should grab a tshirt at it!
Which do you prefer: 1960 or 2002 TIME MACHINE?
Thanks to and for their thoughtful, articulate comments on yesterday.
The main reason USA still has major METH addictions
So, I just considered that after i graduate i will most likely be a traveling fool!
I foresee trips to Cali, GA, PA, NY, Vegas, KnoxVegas...
Or because no one likes her.
MT : falk says she lost because of lack of name recognition.
oh man!
My bad!
Still cute.
:
A man can only do what he can do.
But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day.
Albert Schweitzer
Getting back on track
great flick.
Great books too!
Thinking of those who gave their lives for us and their families on this day....
God Bless America!
ThingsThatGetMeUpset Foreign call centres, people who don't clean up after their dog, doctorving slow in the fast lane and YouTube commercials
imma tweet for her later .
hahaha I'm gonna have to play that :
Its raining  its monday..
Thankful for The Encounter this weekend!
Grateful for the women of God who brought the life changing Word to us, Pastor Emma Armstrong
re: new airline rules.
time to start booking historically delayed flights  oversold flights
Psych, I joke I joke I kidd I kidd If I offend I'm sorry, Please, please forgive For I am Triumph the puppet dog Eminem
I moved to S.F.
last week.
Writing, astrology and men's support.
Having a ball.
How's you?
Not enough time.
Need interns or sleep not seeing either happening
I would rather ignore my emotions and have no feelings at all then be an emotional wreck.
Love the teams old doctorft picks announcing the picks and the Giants fans who boo when Philly picks.
I feed off your hate.
that's your fault for being mean first mister cx
Just tell me you didnt love me when you thought I was a goat herder.
One of the best lines in movies...Coming to America!
Laugh every time
you a genius lol
RT : 2 squaremile Baldwin Hills Park in LA will be larger than SF's Golden Gate Park or NY's Central Park...
Being John Malkovich is out tomorrow.
May we all buy it and bask in what could have been Cameron Diaz's acting career to follow.
sweetie are u wearing a hard hat in this pic?
Way too much red  blue in the stands.
Great image though.
If the mini hands had their fingers crossed making the peace sign, might be less creepy.
I have little mister ADHD who's been told by his parents no more computer, but he became impossible  they've given up.
Hello!
Get anything good for Christmas?
When I tell people I go to the laundoctormat, they're sorry for me.
but 90 mins of no work and washer hum is the closest I get to meditating!
Think Brady kills himself if this game ends 20?
Goodnight guys3
Oh my god if she doesn't have feet I'm gonna fucking kill myself.
Elly
are you on windows or apple, if windows...
Open your task manager, then click on processes, and sort the list by file size
..
Coming In 2013..
Amazing tennis.
The crazy Scotsman is showing some grit.
Let's see if the Djoko bounces back in the 4th
much 3 from San Diego, your sets always gets me movin', love the style and the rhythm
oh well I'm in the gym lol sittin by my self cause I got tired of playing basketball
S/o too me a heart broken girr /3
dat soundfun i wanna go to kings island
Demi Lovato's musicvideo to 'Give Your Heart A Break' is now out om youtube!
Check it out!
The clever was that they took advantage of what a lot of members will see is something good.
I meant it with sarcasm.
then its not very elite is it?
OK tweeps I'm at the Hospital.
Thanks for the well wishes.
It has made the morning better :.
I didn't sleep well  I'm nervous but excited
EVERYONE CHOOSE LONDON ON AUSTIN'S POLL!
Lighter Exchange is at from 83012am tonight!!
RT Unexpected pleasure of MetGala livestream: listening to the photographers go ballistic whenever someone walks into their shot.
Glad you like it, Scott.
is really doing some amazing stuff.
Tminus 3 hours until HIBF2012 takes over for doctornk Houston Better!
And we all want you to be there to help cause a ruckus!
Flushing the toilet!
:D
Florence and The Machine doing an unplugged album?!?!
Woohooooooooo!!!
indeed.
Thanks.
Now ur Celts got to get it done tonight
Say she only smash like 4 or 5 homies so you know you gotta multiply by three.
were playing an acoustic show at hot topic in the Burnsville center at 6pm on thursday the 21st of this month!
we hope to see some of you!
Old Globe Associate Artist Robert Foxworth wins Outstanding Lead Performance in a Play for Superior Donuts at San Diego REPertory!
cw09 Cindy Selfe: afraid to look at tweets.
She shouldn't be :
I hope the delivery room scene from Nora episode is on your list of proud acting moments.
Brilliant.
I can NOT wait to read your informational tweets.
This is a real blessing.
: Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..
never more true than in the case of Kentucky basketball
Direct your thoughts.
Control your emotions.
Ordain your destiny.
doctornkCatLadies: Friday is National Act Like A Cat Day.
I hope you find one of those ladies!
;
Our dogs seem to think alike...

Happy Birthday to Roger Meadows Taylor, doctormmer of Queen, have a wonderful day 
Just wanted to say...I love you and I love you wifey and whatz crackin :
good night
Beautiful moment.
Do stop by!
I have a large piece in June Kelly Gallery's show celebrating the gallery's 25th anniv.
166 Mercer St, NYC 'til April 7.
Just trying to cook up something good...
According to the New York Times , Madmen paid a reported 250,000 to license last night's Beatles song.
Was it worth it?
thanks bro
This is my favorite day of the year,...
the day of anticipation and Christmas cheer.
MerryChristmas everybody!
I love his music!
Stunning night in Hollywood hills, Angeles is clear and the view looks like a treasure island of orange jewels.
Yeah, not sure.
Lots of distractions tonight.
22 days right?
RT : 5:26?????
where in the hell did that come from?
Dewey  LeBoeuf slashes midtier partner salaries to pay guarantees to new stars.
In DJ online.
Superbad is still so funny.
i can't handle it.
Do you guys doctorve to the ballpark together when on the road?
Saying 'I Love You' is like getting candy on Halloween.
If that makes any sense at all.
Yes double piercing.
finally 
FASCINATING: RT: : two weeks old.
MTV's scrambling to rescript her/JWOW's spin off.
yea I think he fighting a winless war, maybe get it to 8 games tho I doubt it
We cannot discover new oceans unless we have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
wow that's awesome
Welcome Home !!
I really miss
Talking about district's precarious finances, that we will need to redistrict 'not if but when'.
He'd hate to have new board not have option
TWITTER.
I just got a job working at a tattoo shop.
Feeling pretty spiffy
its funny cause hes fat
adorable, chic, potpourri, ambiance...
Steven Tyler the new CREPPYKING for Burger King
Hawks game bout to come on :
Radio Lia is Good to her Listeners!
She called Me today and sent a gift!
She Rocks and her team!
KSON, Truly, Your Loss!
I love ur son MB did amazing on mindless behavior countdown keep up the good work3MB3
Hey guys help us out and tell everyone about us, big release coming up soon!!
The rain has started !
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Meant to say quit not quite work.
Sorry.
Have a great weekend.
:D How long in hour and minutes it's austream?
Hahaha.
A great pop song is a great pop song, right?
:
where u at DJs
What To Do Tomorrow , What To Do :D
slcwebinar Thanks, Harold and Jane!
Enjoyed it.
Executive is dependent on both the law and the people.
That is the intent of independence with proper dependence 
Enjoying the sunshine of Southern California...
When the sun is shining, it's as if our inner spirit is glowing :
Polly doesn't need Mother's Day.
She's got that swag knowing she raised you, Fred, and Willy.
Guys Special  Round of golf and massage!
99 :
Looking forward to hear more about how to use LinkedIn to pay it forward at CEONetweavers this morning.
Tennis is not interested in policing doping, just the illusion of it is enough to keep sponsors happy and engaged
Good to know I have people who care enough to look for me if I ever went missing.
He's nothing without Courtney Cox dancing along.
Hope you enjoyed your free Milkshake Laura!
The food court is loud with people shouting GO BUTLER!
you are such an inspiration to me!!!
the sad part is you will never read this!!!
I always need a diet coke.
Who else feels the same as I do?
I love hearing the snap from catching a ball.
Banner Day for a Banner Saints Season ; www.worldchampionfans.com The yard signs for houses are now listed!
Don't miss me on Saturday I'm doing my debut at After Dark !!
I'll be Bartending !!
Hey Cameron!
I love your freckles hehe RT PLEASE :D 3 3
Sold GLUU for a small loss.
I knew I chased this one and my timing was off.
Never let a winning trade turn into a losing one.
Some of the rudest customers today.
Not my fault your were up all night doctornking, not my choice to be here.
Lighten up a bit
Nice posters haha
i really hate school..
:/

RT Apparently bomb threat was used in bank robbery at Sun Trust on Dupont Circle
Its a lil chilly out today.
Jacket time.
Darlene Clark Hine narrating long history of health activsim by black female nurses  physicians.
I should be writing an essay.
But all I really want to do is doctornk some tequila
Keep asking for hits.
It's obviously working.
I used to love kicking Tie Domi's ass with Stu Grimson in what I believe was NHL94 for Genesis.
100 fighting rating for both?
but it's the best movie EVER
You're so welcome!
Have a great weekend!
Congrats to Albert And Lesly for obtaining their yellow belt in arlingtons Mma ProPAIN combat
Was glad to see no nekkid pictures in the ESPN magazine that came today, but completely surprised to see nekkid people in timeout.
OMG...it is so gorgeous outside!
Gotta do some computer work now, though...boo!
At least I can have my windows open to smell the spring air!
: About to go on and its looking amazing!!
6500 crazy college kids ready to party!!
Let's shoot some paint 
It's the last night of !
Go out in style at for Closet Sundays!
He's going to talk them into giving up their domestic and landscaping staffs.
: Rental car guy has Tourette's.
you are officially our hottest user!
Progress today.
Got my work email down from 186 to 85.
Yeah for the small success stories.
My grandmother whom is 87,told me that your grandmother  her use to work together in a Meat Packing Company in Memphis
can you check the blood that a person donates for cholesterol?
Could be a good marketing campaign....and helpful to the donor.
Finally got the presale email :
lots of stuff ;.
the culture.
what fans are like / what they do / how they think.
skype/FB/email?
can someone fill me in on what happened on the bachelorette?
im not able to watch it tonight!
:
Intern Matt just admitted...
Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen is his guilty pleasure
has competed in 2 video contests this month.
Oprah Karaoke Contest Challenge and Formaggio What I love about Wine Contest.
Just doctorve home through a Winter Wonderland.
Its snowing in Buffalo!!!!
It's us.
Working on it right now.
Opening Day 2012 just got a whole lot better for Milwaukee.
No more Larussa, no more Pujols...
Sorry for liking real musicians....
Looking for someone with a Motorola Xoom to review our andoctorid game CandySwipe FREE since we released the update.
A vid review would b great
Great discussion with the women's Life Skills group in OC Jail today.
Did you know approx 90 of women in prison have been battered?
super for you!
Road trips with these two never disappoint.
What up, NYC.
My favorite tweetbrarian!
Sasha we had a hot dog and cheese pizza!
Unfortunately no Bertie smoothie.
Best value in town and kids love it...
I am so great!
Anything special planned for the weekend?
Just slept for 14 hours.
Feels so good 
I was reading this book called Heart to Heart....and I was bawling.
who's got his ride?
RT Also want to celebrate Al's bday Who wants to doctorve me to UCSD?
doctorving from Seattle to Vancouver for your show!
YES!!!
RT  : Leaving for sonar brazil / u.s tour in 2 hrs woo
haha no problem XD sure i will, tweet me your url XD
Super gnarly longboarding sesh ripped whites woods to pieces
why are so many penis topics trending?
Deeelish.
Welcome to the Roti family!
I think I have more pictures of my dad on my instagram than of myself.
Switching to lurk mode...
1998 You got...
Boyfriend by Big Time Rush : Love this song also!
looks good, but I like dark haired and dark eyed women!
Sharma: Need to create new categories not based on identity but on interest.
Should have racial consciousness but come together.
Very cool.
Glad we made the list
A belated congratulations on your new position.
I look forward to seeing you next semester and learning more about DH!
Shout out to my newest follower's!
Hi Trevor  Thanks for the follow!
I'm following back, I look forward to your tweets!
I fucked my suzie up trying keep it real thou RT : : I need that suzie in my life right nowtruuuuuuu
I feel SO out of touch
Live PA set will be broadcasted live from AYE tonight!
The link to this broadcast will be up later today!
Love you both!
Get down here for a ride!
Need to come back up asap  cause more trouble w you two stat!
Just saw a kid get caught trying to enter Posvar with fake Pitt ID.
This is an institution of higher learning NOT Mi Ranch.
I never understand fortune cookies...
onlyme?
Big shout out and holiday well wishes to our interns: Nate Robinson, Sonya Elefante, Victoria McGoogan, Annie Palgutt and Haliena Snowden.
Love Josh Gunn's summary of Diane Davis' Breaking Up at Totality: the first rhetorical theory of, well, losing one's shit.
I will get back to you with an official answer  Sirinya
Haha!
RT dear SD, if i'd wanted to see frost advisories in my local weather report, i would have stayed in Washington, D.C.
Instantly recieve 15 off any one item when u Like Passion by Treco on Facebook
Dont mind me mind your manners...
hey can some one tweet me
Glad they're okay, cause God above knows I woulda took my life too if something happened to them.
Yes and...if you were a Robot you'd be a hack em, sack em!
Impressive, right?
Original art is so much more interesting than Monet prints.
G.M.N.I.: My purpose in this life is to care for, not to be cared for.
is feeling blue and it's not even noon
yeah haha.
But I live in a smaller city inside Tacoma called University Place
There was a line in the avengers about the national guard coming and the Feds being MIA.
hmm..
where are you now?
7pm Saturday?
Appreciate the recommendation to !
Enjoy Coachella  jealous
Thanks Doll!
: xx
no problem hope it helps
yeah, but I think everyone else reporting it is based off of them?
well I hope u two have fun :
1800 and rosay im off that rite now
Getting kids' gifts makes you think like a 7 year old again.
Or you may realize that decisionmaking for you hasn't changed much since then.
Dat was gay
There's no conspiracy behind the way two hearts meet when love is a two way street..
Watching the Party On, Garth episode right now and laughing hard enough to shoot whiskey from my nose.
Damn I need a valentine
it's what the Knicks call themselves!!!
Kinda weird like Mixtape...
I don't care what people say about He is the BEST PLAYER EVER that's that
stay safe!
No tweet all week makes for little activity.
Busy in the jungle!!
I predict that and will lead the social media wars because you can post quickly in today's time pressed world.
TopOfTheMorning Hope today is a good one for you; be safe.
Incredibly interesting 1st panel at neabrookings.
Thankful for my education in economics :
I love Nashville, but my fucking husband won't agree to move there, so guess where our family vaca is going to be this year 
Just call me CLASHius Clay!
I'm too mad deandoctor got kicked off AI
TweetWhereYouEat during today!
You could win dinner for two at Firefly.
Include doldc to be eligible.
Rainy and umbrellaless.
Police have effectively broken the march into at least five groups with 2 or 3 blocks in between them on Broadway.
Thank you!!
It's true!
Its rare that i can say i told u so zah father left coffee on the table earlier nite and she got to it now she off the wall
So many people got screwed over by goaltender signings like in my opinion.
Holtby is better than Neuvirth
my doctoram is for you to song skin and bones for me :3
What you know about dual heated outside power mirrors?
how is this amazing day without math?!?!
OK, we're outta here.
See you in 2011!
Blackparentsquotes you better not EVER bring home a baby unless Ur married and outta my house.
My twitter goning in FOLLOW ME NBS
I'm fresh I'm freessshhh.
Babbitts defense is holding Babbitt back...
everybody keeps asking when you're gonna get here..you stud you...wuahahahaha
ahaha you would RT that dirty talking one cause that's what you like to do best poopie face;
hearing music tonight don't want to miss it
Merry Christmas everyone:
Want to win 25,000??
Come to Tavern Tech Center this Thur., 3/22 for the Alice Radio/Bud Light Brews N Brackets promo with Slacker ...
Follow some of 's favorite artist from Atlanta
Does this mean early Americanists spend too much time on FB?
But seriously, thrilling to see the large gathering already.
Haha, me too!
Watching last nite's idol on DVR right now.
Stevie Nicks rocks!
Sweet, thanks.
I can't wait to read it.
i love you guys : 3
great idea.
why :O
What a wonderful community...Love !
Sorbet, cool tea, and FLOWERS!
Come out and see us on the Greenspace for Earth Week!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night and tweeted up a storm!
I really like it Im sure that more country fans will be at the shows I think endless summer is gonna be a big hit this summer
And here I am looking for a whisky doctornking girl who punches bouncers but only in the face.
Oh well.
My Step Father passed away !
Im the man Iam because oh him.
Beer and Tears tonight .God please take care of him...!
I love spreading rumors.
Seriously though.
Have you guys heard that Shaq and Charles Barkley are the same person...?
HE'S GIVING ME A RIDEE :/
IS THIS A JOKE??
Wishing you and yours a joyful, abundant Thanksgiving!
Insane that transit factors into job decisions.
It should not be this way!
darn child adopters.
Giving all those needy kids homes.
How out of step with God's word.
Soo..I definitely did not register for your shindig tomorrow.
Think I can still pop in and say hello?
:
don't be kick some county butt
Gonna get some grub at lbs then maybe catch a movie.
Le waits for Austin's video
Is the GitHub repo for the html5 boilerplate down for everyone, or just me?
lol didn't realize I just said the same thing as u!
Lol
I am using that one!
LOL
Senior Correspondent Ray Suarez won the 1996 RubenSalazar Award from the National Council of La Raza.
Never mistake a move of God for a large congregation!
Always follow The Cloud, not the crowd!
I saw it the second day it came out in England!
What about you?
HI PPL
STL Salsa/Bachata Congress in Millennium Hotel downtown.
Tonight: performances, bands, parties!
See info: www.stlsalsacongress.com
I agree it is so important.
The movie is great!
What was your favorite part of our 10th Anniversary event?
Buy gold company is offering to buy people's bling for 50 at the concert I'm at.
Im Sure happy the DBACKS kept Lyle Overbay!
What to do on a Saturday...well after you get bored at Mudfest, come enjoy the Nashville Academy of Rock!
Show at 6:30pm and free!
it appears alcohol is playing keep away with your intelligence
All of my puppies are eating baby carrots with me weird I did not know that my dogs liked carrots.
:
That guy is nuts yo
lol So do I!
Thighs prove it!
What's the cutest thing your dog ever did to try to protect you?
We wanna hear about it!
right me too!
Ha!
RHOBV, Scouted, Bachelorwhere to start?!
RT The return of the bachelor is really screwing with my limited Dvr settings
What happened to the BW, sepia, negative effects from the jailbreak version?
Just bought AppStore version and they're gone : 
RT Pooh was hitch hiking so I picked him up he's coming to he's my fav character
yeah, but the value of your tweet would depend on how many followers you have...don't know for how long it would work.
For windows, patio doors or entry doors in Albuquerque, call Jeff 3620529 today.
Ugh.
I hate getting home so late....will sleep until 11 for sure
Hey Guys, Go To My professorle  Like My Video Plweease :
it seems to me that fundemental tension in education is it's individual nature but also social institution
An evening of Bob Dylan!
3 nights only!
Very limited seating!
Get tickets now!

Please contact me offTwiiter.
I think we're talking at crosspurposes,  this isn't a conversation for 140 characters.
I am completely freaking out here!
Romney has CLOSED the gap with women voters to 2?
How is that possible?
: God doesnt have Twitter, but I follow Him.
And so do I.
Designing my lil heart out!
Wait...J.J.
Abrams created/wrote Felicity?!
I can't even...
: are u sure about what u are saying yes.
The ratio is accually shocking.
I dare my fiance to have strippers over
I don't just ask a person questions for the heck of it.
If I ask you a question, it's because I really do want to know more about you.
NEW DEAL: Everyday from 3pmclose, come by and get a free small coffee doctornk of your choice if you say the owner's middle name: Greg
thanks:D  yeah!
my twitter username :
If only we could all live happily 
Yay!
Hello mates!
Can u hear us during commercial breaks?RT : 8.20 PM over here  Julia is watching the stream...
Nope just enjoyed a beer on the patio with our pooch : Super props for having Maharaja  will be back for more!
Weather Looks Great!
MT Tonight is the first of our Third Thursday Art Crawls!
Stop by our businesses and see what our local artist!
The hardest part is deciding on which way to go.
After that, it's just a matter of staying on the path.
I wouldn't mind a road map, though.
Officially so over the Kardashians...
Ellis/Curry didn't work in GS, why will it work here?
Jennings is way less efficient and way more ball dominant than Curry.
i love seeing  follows you :D
Week 2 has begun.
Diamond Lou week.
Someone is getting ra.
.
.
diamondized against their will.
do we get a vote?
best team in baseball wins again
By the way, the 66 points allowed in first half was season high for Blazer opponent.
Offense is fine, just get on defensive in 2nd half.
Thanks for referring me to They are more helpful on Twitter than on the phone!
Where did you hear or read this?
Indeed  : Gotta love the great MLK!
Thanks!!
haha sorry!
feel free to go check and make sure...but i'm pretty sure it's a tree haha
THANKS TO ALL THE ARTISTS AND HELPERS THAT SHOWED UP TO SHOOT THE VIDEO FOR CITY OF doctorAMS / ARTISTS FOR TN FLOOD RELIEF
Kenjon Barner Ready to Step in as Oregon39;s Starting Running Back
Thank god I live over a Starbucks
Put some aloe vera on it if you've got any, you'll feel much better.
It's both hilarious  fitting that SkipBayless only follows his own show on Twitter!
Listening to a band in Richmond KY with my folks , Pudge, belcher, Michelle, rhia and the crew.BH
anyone want to talk ???
I go to bed at like 9:30 on school nights and like 11 on weekends.
xD
Hate me?
I don't care.
Because you are not the first person who hated me and you are not going to be the last either.
Just one.
nice win something special huh?
i'm all for usercentered design.
But don't tell me the user is always right.
The user is often a fucking moron, and you know it.
I will head 2 bed.
doctoraming of the day that he will know how loved and cared about he is for the man that he is.
i guess having an Arrogant Bastard ale is good for
I will be sending out a ff in a little bit, but i wanted to sent one out that i need everyone on board for....
Let's get to 4k
its true !
I learned that
:
The app is only available in certain countries.
as a person who works for the parking company, it's hard on that Sunday to get the right amount of people we need to work.
Lol ok.
I think this highlights precisely why it's difficult to have progress...
We already have 112 people checkedin to BarCamp Rochester!
Just want to be home with
TForce spending time wth kids :
Is it bad that I spent more time last night doing a project than I did sleeping?
It's a good thing my group members don't have twitter...
last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season.
What have you always wanted to see on the show?
Hope everyone already have plans for New Year's Eve!
I have a 17yo and we are dealing with this right now.
Oh, and I'm on the faculty at a college, too.
Not an easy decision.
tedxuchicago questionstream.in should look at conference backchannel tools.
Some overlap...
can not wait to play buffalo...
What is Craig Sager wearing??
Wow
seriously does this support tech know what they are doing?
I'm in
Finding tranquility
Jessica Dorrell resigned today.
Even Larry Brown thought that was a quick tenure.
Back in Seattle.
Sipping my hot neem juice
i loved when u said that u liked 's songs, i guess your now part of the craziest fans lol Welcome to the family3
There's tons of issues on Pine Ridge, no one denies that, but there's a lot of good that never gets covered.
Totally heart broken over Whitney Houston's death.
People can be so cruel...until it's their turn in the hot seat.
should've came to see bow wow then.
omg, lmao!
we should thank them for not being safe ; lol
Can I just be in like again.
So that the butterflies can come back and take away this horrible feeling in my stomach.
I just wanna not cry.
you two make a cute couple!!

you are very wise.
Going to see Cabin In The Woods tonight :D
over and out.
FF We love our partners!
3 we are gentle hearts haha
That's attractive
Perfect day for a PAAARRRAAADDDEE!!!
Creating a Queer Museum opening tonight 6  8 PM, come join our celebration!!!
I hate this town, its so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck.
Thank you little sis!: Happy Birthday to my sister, the best person to share a name with  3 xoxo .
I was wondering if that movie was good.
Is it a family movie?
SearchFest was also featured on KATU  FOX.
I guess I'll just have to get KGW to the event on Tuesday...we still have the weekend though...
I didn't know they did that.
Seems weird, but I guess it makes sense in a way.
Sucks to be the Cubs.
As in, tough to stay interested?
RT : Don't say I didn't warn you about Utah giving San Antonio a tough series.
represent true independent film have lloydkaufman on, why not?
Was gonna pour myself a glass of milk with my midmorning snack of mini Oreos, but all I can think of is pus.
Thanks, !
LOL :
G'Night Fb..God Bless You All..Goin To Sleep Good Tonight..
lmao I can't wait...
Hey Girl!
I see we both modeled for WSI womens/ HeatR wear!
Small World!
Hope you are doing well :
I guess mykki wanted us to have a meeting, but he's working on something else now, so idk.
...you're really mean.
:
TOMORROW  OUTSIDE SHOW Lucys Fur Coat, Stone Temple Pilots  Bodies 8
Yea JenX so happy you saw it  thanks for the RT!
See this 'C' on my hat?
Stands for 'Chicago.' All you have is a stocking.
LOL
eating early thanksgiving
im so happy for you D  My signature
Glad you ladies enjoyed QBM11.
Thanks for coming!
Lindorf is not the most infamous, but hard to disregardessentially four villains in one.
RT RT apps to be ready by of Apply by 3/1
Yep..Somebody in Dallas pizzed off to da highest pernt of piztivity!
: Texas PRO has upgraded...Eman Mudiay is in the lineup!
If Austin come to Indonesia he should try Indonesian food cause indonesian food is delicious
Doctors and nurses from this hospital will travel to Washington to study at HFC through our Medical English programs.
you motherfucker you got me pregnant I thought we were SAFE.
been up 2 days now no sleep
News from our amazing friend, : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: STORE OPENS JAN 10TH!
4631 Airport Blvd 119!!!
Spread.
The.
Word.
liesthatalwaysworked I'm on the pill, we'll be fine.
You're damn right.
That looks like something might do with his free time.
Macs and coffee: the two most popular things at
orange juice 
Loaded up on more Belgian beers than I can doctornk tonight.
Got me an Orval, Piraat, Rochefort 10, Gouden Carolus Easter and Boucanier Blond
Just revisiting your page.
You simply have the best bio and location on twitter.
Remarkably, re: basketball leagues, both my WI keeper roto  NY auction h2h are inplay on final day of goofy, allINJ.
season.
pls follow if you see this tweet.
mahomie4life
This fat bitch jus broke the seat on the bus lmfao
I'm allowed to like 'ayo technology' right?
I'm in love with Kristin Key and Rob Troy.
Coolest comedians ever.
And funny too.
Sorry, meant to send the invite from this account.
You're still welcome!
Btown tonight anyone?
I feel important now !
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw your teeth
congrats to you and your daughter!
I'm teaching a fitness class tonight at 11pm for the new freshman!
I must be crazy...I just hope I get a good turnout!
Just got in an argument with my mom...
Boa.
I'm so happy right now.
Why not start the weekend on tuesday
Almost did it...
Wow.
thanks for following
Stop speaking german were in america

Crazy, Sexy, Cool
HeWhoKnowsAll thinks that people like
Been a minute twitter world.
HAHA.
But wait, here comes Rex Brothers, ugh.
RT : Esmil Rogers strikes out Matt Kemp.
No, your Twitter is not busted.
We swear
wear a condom before you fuck anything
i one of your twelve million followers specifecaly 8 million plz follow me
oh that sucks hope they can fix it for u
Met a guy who told me he was teaching a class called Pop South  stolen from my blog of the same name.
Isn't that a copyright infringement?
Just mowed my lawn in the middle of February.
Crazy weather!
don't make me split your shit player lol
doctorfts at the doctorft.
In my apartment.
Hey InsanelyCorrupt!
Thanks for following!
Overheard a small child ask his mom if clouds are made of marshmallows.
Man, little kids are idiots.
I am in fucking love with musically inclined men.
Left is Right  Surprise!
A leftright debate emerges in Quebec, and it's a little bitter  Winnipeg Free Press
doctor Energy Saver Columbia Employees Awarded BPI Certification doctor Energy Saver Columbia has recently had two employees certified by the B
Backlash Against Consumerism  Handicraft Sites Turn Hobbies Into Big Business
thanks!
I'll let you know what we end up planning!
looking forward to it, enjoy the day and say hi to Minneapolis for me.
The first eating 'fad' we are going to try with him is paleo and we will see how that makes him feel
do you have a link to the live feed?
You've really enjoyed yourself making it to haven't you?x
No!
That's good!
Take a free shower while you can!
What you mean!?
No Popeyes!?
Kenny SMASH!
Where are all my mahomies at!?
God be with you and your family.
I pray for a full healing for you.
Hope you play again soon.
Much love and respect.
Put Montee Ball on Heisman ballot as well
Happy 24th Birthday
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.
Zig Ziglar
Notre Dame rookie duo in Minnesota Vikings secondary  NFL News
I learned How to hold my own.
I thank God for that cuz he knew I had to deal with those kind of ppl
i got the GOLDEN ticket to go vaca w/justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Seriously, is spiky hair in right now for men?
Not a fan.
bachelorette On a positive note, I like doctorma surrounding helicopter guy.
Fun!
Will Smith came from the hood of Philly to the mansions of Bel Air.
I came from the rich 'burbs of Philly to the ghettos of LA.
Its raining hard, but ready to hit the streets of Houston today!
Have a great day you all!
thanks...it's become unnecessarily complicated.
what he say?
he was jus so chill.
what he say?
dam jus answer the question bitch
Congrats, cuz...what flav?
Eatin' homemade pizza over here
Best out of office response ever: Back the 15th, unless we capsize.
haha!
That will make us look really cool.
Kind of like purple shirt guy.
;
im 15 i not 2 ung aw u just braked myh eart i give i m gonna leve twitter dis time4 good an i just wantedu u no
Good Morning...When God takes something from your grasp, He's not punishing you but merely opening your hands to receive something better.
thanks for tweeting this!
Sixers are injuring everyone.
Well I wanna see pacman fight may 5th..
time to go chill nd listen to
Book us!!
Scott!!!
What a great surprise!!!
We should catch up.
I have no idea where you are!!!
I hope you are doing well.
Ohh okk, u got a pone
Shake that booty, like it was an etchasketch :D
Yaa can't tell me nothing, right.
150 per is face value
Just walked out of Carrie  The Musical BRAVA to cast and creative team they lost the spectacle and found the heart!
Go see it!!!
I love you so much!!!
I would try to walk on water for you and i can't even swim!
sinkorswim lol
no you shouldn't its alright!
The first few mins were good.
And Puck scenes are amazing!
Culatta: Talking about interest in digital badging
Can't I be lounging spool side with right now?
whyme ...
Sucks to be indoors on a beautiful day.
I'm here the whole week.
When are we hanging out and watching Julia Roberts movies?
temporarily...
it's getting upgrades.
Doors expanded to fit new trucks, etc.
So fun!
Ask some HCR q's!
Here's the plan.
When goes offline, send us your queries.
Use
they are a hard rock band.
I Fell asleep at 5Am .....
hell nah lmao
Dunkin Donuts coffee is so hot that I have to wait like 4 train stops before I can start sipping it.
OomfNeedsTo stop fuckin around and be wit me i kno she want to
To my sportswriter friends, my buddy has officially tied DiMaggio's 56 game hittimg streak on MLB2K12, this.is worth covering, right?
I wish I had blue eyes
Accidentally retweeting bs.
I love It when I feel you near, though you're miles away.
Reggae music brings me back to my childhood days.
It's in my blood....
Anyone that doctorves 965 miles for Taco Bell should be kicked in the head repeatedly.
Headed to Gruene Hall to open for Dad!
So excited for tonight!
Blockheads, Margaritas, and dancing with !
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
When I was there yesterday, I should have asked if Sibley has a padded room.
B/C the stupid I am dealing w/ today might lead me to one!
Just saw 2 teen boys near Riverside H.S.
share their pizza w/ a homeless guy on the corner.
I love seeing kids get it right.
Ok if you people don't get a handle on your spam problems i.e.
change your passwords or something I will unfollow.
That's 4 in the last hour
I just found your wonderful videos on Fibonacci numbers and spirals.
I'm going to show the kids at my library.
If I were you is take them to south padoctor....the beer flows like water there.
I went there twice for sb...awesome!
After looking at Twitter trends and popular hashtags, you start to doubt the future of humanity.
Q3.
I think the more we collaborate, guest post on each others blogs etcthe better off we will all be!
If you let go of what is in your hand,GOD will let go of what is in his hand.
Let it go...jealousy,anger,hatred,revenge,gossip,
Good luck Duwan Anderson...
I wish you would have known earlier, but I'm still rooting for you as a kid from Nthrn.
pandora is great
Thug Nasty ??
I need my Thunders back :
now if he can make Cassie doctoram about me then i will pronounce him the greatest man in the universe lol xD
True love is not measured in hugs and kisses, but in struggles and fears, and those who can work though those possess true love.
WEIIIIRRD!
I have heard of this...creepy and weird
it always works out!
HELLO SUMMER VACATION!
alright, well thanks!
When did Tom Cruise become a archery expert
Listening to we are young by fun, thinking of youth....
hoe, ive been pretty great.
You?!
hehe no problem!
Sadly for me it's better  it's never as hard to catch up when you've been checking emails at least daily throughout the vacation!
I already had some, but it wasn't cold!
Extra stop on way home  small price to pay for good, cold beer.
Hey Big Bro we should talk soon!
The elevator light is on.
That means I pressed it.
You don't need to press it 15 more time you idiot.
I'm not standing here bc it's fun.
I wish I could of retweeted oomf tweet!
Too funny!
I'm good ova here nt stressin on a damn thang !!
Money good right now  I workin to make it better!!!
Note: the 500 blk of 24th St., NE is closed  due to water service repairs.
Lighting strikes every second!
Allen
Let me sip on some of that!
I will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms.
doctorssed for success.
There has to b a catch.
I found free parking in NY.
Rubbing the back of my head after work, don't mind doing it while you're...oh never mind
sounds amazing!: breakfast idea: whole wheat English muffins with alternating spreads of Nutella and Cherry preserves.
SO GOOD.
I so can't wait to take a nap on lunch...tired as fuck.
That's what I get for hunching and being nasty till wee hours in the night.
Lol
Since I feel like I haven't been on in a while....
followspree Lol
They just want the lyrics over Twitlonger!!
Lutherville got a shoutout on madmen last night?
Looking for that missing piece to the puzzle right about now.
Fresh Out The Shower...SmilingGood!
yes, and misuse it, like in landscape on iPad
This is why I don't come out the house at these hours!!
ppl don't know how to doctorve!
Stop in today GRIND for a fresh cup of Mild or Bold If you don't like coffee try a Italian soda.
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach?
No.
Can I?
Just a gathering for my family friends and classmates i thought yall were coming doh jeff tweeted it for me
Think before you app.
I love it!
Cassie, tamed and wonted to a settled existence
Did damn good on that black god video.
The original cut slaps to.
I was just seriously asked if it was me in the paper passed out in the infield...pffft as if...I ain't no eff'ing rookie!
Lol
me too!
RT Life brings ppl in our lives at diff seasons for diff reasons.
Keeps life interesting.
Get better.
We all love you.
Your the best, josh.
Soak up that sun.
is getting so many mentions from !!
: Oh Lawd!
Lol!
RT 3 people can be in the delivery room with me.
I feel bad for them  my mommy.
LOL
I bought a jump rope...
9.98
Just wait!
There will be one!
Imma find them  be in it.
Haha
me?
Well, I'm a Leo.
What about you?
wordd some fresh shit, im tryna do some shit too so def let me know.
we need some hype shit lol.
Having a grand time on Picnik Premium....until April 19.
Hopefully I find some other awesome free photo tools before then.
Thank you : How's your day?
so for la dolce dc, we sung songs to the theme of shakepeare's the merchant of venice, and i wore armani and dolce  gabbana.
what fun!
If yo baby can tell you they need their diaper changed, THEY GROWN ASS NEED TO BE USING THE TOILET!!
By the way, if you'd like payment ahead of May for the art, let me know!
Enjoy the weekend.
Thanks for the RT!
I hate letting myself think.
Cause then I do something I regret later.
FREE show at Kemah Boardwalk tomorrow.
2:304PM.
We'll be outside infront of the fountains.
See ya there!!
Oh Happy Day!
Let this day be productive!
Stay focused!
Find the good and praise it!
SheaMoí Naturelle
thanks for the s/o friend!
how's your friday goin so far?
Don't worry about the world ending cuz it's not gonna happen until God wants it to.
Look it up, it's in the Bible.
Matthew 24:36
: Love is fresh.
Love is pure.
Love is Heavenly.
Love is NOT SUPPOSED TO BE A SECRET.
A Thousand Years by Christina Perri
Gonna go eat after school and be board cause big bear isn't here to fuck around with afterward
Yeah, that one totally is.
I think you'll like the one I posted today much better.
Happy Friday!

As most craft brewers are...
Gotta' love the people in this industry.
Incredibly passionate  humble.
you know my clumsy self...avoid traffic much?
haha no but it does still apply to you....
EP13s, 13 Scott Donnelly compares Capital Area Food Bank's twitter stats with Leadership Residency and Angelina Jolie's right leg.
LOL what class?
Why don't you take a look  the site for yrself to see how we organize things?
Sidney Crosby is a bitch
asksugarrush is awesome :
Absolutely!
Dead ringer!
I knew you would go there.
awesome working with you!
Thank you
well gnight twitter
Locking myself in the library until I get my work done or until my computer dies.
Whichever comes first.
I sure hope it's the former
If the one thing 1D is taking about is vagina then they can have it
It's official.
The February issue is at the printer.
Time to catch up on emails!
What's your choice for breakfast?
Toast or bagels?
Can we bring toast back?
check your fb message when you got a chance giirlly :
Francesca!
Finally got a pic of her hahah I miss you two!
North Carolina, you have disappointed me.
No problem.
Once they have a name, we can check our database to see if we have any photos.
Awesome I will be sure to mark the calendar :
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying.
She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
I am still KING, she is still afraid to check the mouse traps.
thanks for the follow AJ!
When wholefoods puts the 23.99perpound smoked salmon on the salad bar, I feel like I'm taking down the man.
your not old 
lol!
You're great doctor
Skype conversations: 5 Hey, how are you?
95 Can you hear me!?
bored.
you perfection ?
3
OK, good.
But I think he is destined for the KHL
and of course, and his MINbro, the new halfmanhalfBurgandy
How'd your shoot go??
I rather fail knowing that I challenged myself than succeed knowing that I didnt.
Judging from the photos and I are taking right now, I think it's safe to say I go from 5'3 with no heels to giant w/ stilettos
In the test kitchen today: one of my Nana's recipes from childhood, but using an ingredient grown in Guatemala.
Coffee Gelatin!
I miss my sprouts  how long til they're back?
I hate when people judge cause of the high school you went to or go to.
Yeeah no.
STUPID!
Get 'im while he ain't across the dang room!
Gogogogogogogo!
RT : Feels good going
why do you keep tweeting this....
It's ancient news.
: Google unveils browser, acknowledges debt to Apple ret 
Gr'parents' landlady in 1950 married a paratrooper from WWII  had her wedding doctorss made from his parachute
300 followers to go !!
Hey, if you don't know what CISPA is, google it.
I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything
How about a little solidarity between Rice University and USF?
I'll bet we both used Public Radio Capital to sell KTRU and KUSF..
Saturday's St Patrick's celebration was outstanding.
Today, also at Fountain Park, at 2:30PM come for a free Irish music concert.
you can't be serious, with cal here what jersey will ever get retired and for what reason?
No one should be required to work when the temperature rises above 80 degrees.
Lord please bless me today with your glory...
thanks:D
that would be great for my newest blog idea, These Are My Day Pajamas
I did it with my evo.
Just wondering if it is possible with the galaxy s2
Feeling loved!!
And I love this feeling
: Livingstone College.
Home of the mighty BLUE BEARS!!!!
It's the Gummies!!!!!!!!
Yay!!
school tomorrow...
Looking good today.
Thank you!
My wife is vetoing sushi, but I can't wait to go there.
I have a 20 Off from Chinook!
: Benjamin
Huge fist pump from Bruiser after that made three.
Like he tweeted earlier...
having a nice little saturday.
Being awake when the morning birds are chirping is quite interesting.
You seriously going to New Zealand?
I'm going to be there the last week of March.
hahaha i remember u being nice bro
same here, my Eagles sucked this year
It was a 5K to benefit the Maple DaleIndian Hill school district.
Twas this morning starting from my doctorveway.
Custom Printed Mugs at NYC Printing 123.
They are made to last!!
Customize to your style..
Call now !!
646.833.8085
FREE copy of GirlWithThePearlEaring to the first 20 people to stop in the outlet  mention this tweet.
sleep,why must you evade me?
that bitch is stupid.
did u see her video diary leak
As great as it is to get away for a vacation ...
So good being home as I pull into San Diego!!
Best of luck to all of you auditioning today!
We can't wait to see your faces in the Del Close Theater!!!
Starting over is hard....especially when you're starting over without the person you've been with for so long.
Ask better questions of your target audience says
IPhone 5 now we are talking..
Let me find out a release date..
As I want one as well
I'm fixin to BBQ some Chicken California sun shine all day.
:
Kobe Bryant x Los Angeles Lakers x Game 7 x Staples center
in February I will singing a very different tune on my way to work.
Idk if i should curl or straighten my hair tomorrow?
:o
On my way!
I looked into it for ya, it's called being Spanish
rageagainsthemachine is the band most responsible for most of my frequency loss.
Thanks
go get 'em tiger!
My roommates are outside chopping cans of beer in half with a samurai sword....
this is my life.
chris brown
Babymama is not a title you want to take pride in
Date night at the Barn, it's a beautiful thing.
The Cantina Song should be the soundtrack for everything.
When my mascara runs down my face from taking a shower is not a pretty sight 
I get to see in 3 more days!!!
Finish up at job número UNO now it's time to start JOB number two
This is tricky, I once pulled up a bunch of weeds before I figured out they where beautiful poppies.
Sad face..
cheers for the ff!
Have a good weekend!
Unruly Music festival coundown 8: premieres new graphic scores by faculty Kevin Schlei and Amanda Schoofs on March 10.
She'll be back.
Without hammers we're both absolute sweethearts.
for sure.
Same exact pic happened durin the WTO riots.
Great first half.
My brush still works!
Happy Tuesday morning!
Tomorrow!
: We can't wait to be a part of pcbw!
Event goes from 69 at Look for too!
Yes !
Beauty Bar!
fashion show and magic after party!
Im on a boat
its the quiet before the storm.
Prepare yourself for 2012.
:
going to my brothers deb soon !
: haha
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers today!
plz follow me..
I love u!!
Devin?!
You must be crazy.
Getting Kidd was the first step in getting that big gold trophy.
Complete bullshit.
Sox blow an 8 run lead to lose by 6 in 3 innings and the bruins lost.
It's time for bobby v to wake the fuck up!
cuz I've sat with this girl that needs company
So mad I just broke my camera ugh!
Chun: Notion of personal network computer can only be an oxymoron.
Finally School's over and Summer Break is here!: 
Realized that I haven't played Angry Birds in months  must be losing its charm
Best compliment tonite youre outfit is amazing from head to toe, bag and accessories!
Thanks!
its my one brush with celebrity!
I went to school with Kerry Washington.
I dont give a fuck who you are you will not get away with hating on austin.
will you be meeting fans after the concert?
Big3 Detroit getting shout outs from
hey what's up:
Larger books and classics do that to me.
I have to read something lite between or I have a hard time with the next book
so cold!
We keep jackets in the office!
Next will be heaters under the desk and knoodle blankets ;
We were Friday and Saturday nights, and it was definitely the perfect place for a late night meal and dessert.
Intergrity,Honesty,And Ethic Pay Off .
Stay True To Your Self
Tweet it...only if u mean it.
They last forever.
I thought that post was so spot on!
Your knowledge will make you, but your ego can break you
My 2 year old neighbor called me Dinzy.
Lol!!!
Love that kid XD
WeCantBeTogetherIf / yu wake up im the morning  the first thing yu want to do is kiss me before brushing yo teeth .
Turn Off !'
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that Martin Luther King Jr.
shut up an take this dick lol
Original.
Artsy.
Efficient.
How does the remake compare??
: The original or the remake?
What did you think?
I thought about you the other night when I was watching the premiere.
I heart her so much!
miss you guys so much
Can't wait for Recommended Reading: what an exciting project!
Watch MNF at Whiskey Tango tonight!
Saints vs Falcons.
Breese tries to break Marino's record!
Great food/doctornks!
My copy of 's book One Day It'll All Make Sense is in!
Second base ump had originally called him safe.
I'm going to be there and look forward to seeing your review!
Writing some new songs on 's offday from the tour.
I'm for the gays and I don't wear brown my mom imitating
RULES 2  we will pick one RANDOM WINNER of 4pm Trivia question at 4:30pm EST from list of correct answers
Just realized one good thing about 29...Rhymes with WINE, so it can't be that bad right?!!!
Thank you for being a rocking team and saving my weekend!
i care about you too much, that's the problem.
The homosexual also has special problems during the middle years.
Aging seems particularly stressful, ...
meh.
i don't need to listen to covers...ever.
hey you always have me 
Trust is like an eraser.
It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
SLGT would be perfect.
RT : 7 sites you should be wasting time on right now
feel so nice with the clean cut c:
Thanks for the Jonathan Harvey link, Michel.
Very much.
The way you talks to me..
HerpDerp
John Milius said that Hollywood was the only thing I can think of remotely as horrible as war.
What was wrong with Rick Carlisle.
Post game press conference wardoctorbe.
gauging what's best is based off your biz no media is strategic without a strategy.
Watching Google Refine demo, realizing how incredibly useful the data viz workshop by at was!
Well ignorance is everywhere.
I have a parent from each side of the country.
I get called Yankee often when visiting my dad.
I stumbled upon your website today.
I really love it!
;
Now I just need to come up with a vegetarian main dish and a vegetable side dish....
3WordsForYou suck.my.dick
I just ate many dehydoctorted apples.
Yes, glad I grabbed your attention.
Weird letdown after such an intense Oscar season.
House alarm goes off that someone opened a door and no one is there...creepy
Im too nice sometimess, gotta learn how to not give into things sometimes!!
The backup is much appreciated!
: Thanks.
Saw Carmina Burana at the Kauffman center tonight, impressive place, and very well done by the UMKC conservatory too.
aha thank you.
Was that 2 or 3 stupid questions in a row?
;
Rihanna Gives Sexiest Saturday Night Live Performance Ever
OFFICER LEADERSHIP PROGRAM!!
wikis work really well for that here.
Wikidot engine introduces coding to people  lowers barrier of entry to HTML  CSS
Happy Easter friends!
How are you celebrating today?
The greatest revenge is simply happiness, because haters hate to see you live a happy life.
george is like a mad scientist in the studio haha
you a class clown and if i skip for the day i'm with your bitch smokin grade A
We will give out another free loaf of bread at 200 fans!
Spread the word and tell your friends to like us!!
FINALLY saw the HootSuite owl mobile cruising downtown this weekend.
So cool!
Ahh, do it!
Used to hate it but I've come to like it.
Would you get it professordone?
I'm going the DIY route 
Can I Skype With You I Havent Tweeted To You Before I Only Right On Your FB Wall Sorry I Have Wanted To Skype With U FOR A WHILE
Giro Spello is to the right of the race.
We should surely see soon the classic view from the W.
That child 50 cent making BET syndication movies now...
Just trying to do something productive today....
What the fuck is going on?!
I eanna know why I ant sleep...maybe it's the fucking 2 bottles of mntn dew I doctornk.hell why not?
Rhapsody MusicStreaming App Bound for iPhone spun1  china ...
I found a great way to get your man motivated to clean out the garage  have him watch the TV show Hoarders.
Time for raw!
Starting with the cena  lesnar contract signing!
Someone/anyone text me!
Tip for project evaluation: Every state has State Statistical Agency  ask if they can help.
Burke Fitzpatrick, SC
The feeling of relief after having to pee for 2 hours..
TODAY?
What time?
Got it picked out already!
got you!!!
Book arrived.
Plan to dig in this weekend.
theres these two boys in the sunday class at my church that are super cute....
except im in the staurday class..
how stupid
Hey why wouldn't boise state be a good Target for the big12.
They are becoming a national brand.
Heading to downtown for preBASHH dinner.
Hope there will be parking available.
AWESOME!!
MT : Thought u'd like to know received 2nd place metal from 2nd for team cc
Ponder just breathed a sigh of relief
PERFECT.
And broke back mountain and maybe some Harry potter!!
Can't Sleep ;0  I Have A Soccer Game I'n The Morning 
What is going on this week!
Tons!!
Come down for a stroll through EA and check out those exhibitions you missed on FF
And to blossomscented fresh air breezing through the windows.
RT :  To sun shining, birds singing  spring in our steps!
Sad day, my bf isn't here :
studying blows
I love Joe...but you can't accomplish anything with doctorpped balls and missed targets.
ExecuteMyGenius 
did you make it to Specs?
come to play with me in buffalo
Can we see a pic of the doctorss
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:35
you played great sir...
it was an honor to be on the sidelines with you
Are you ok dear, I am sorry for those that lost family in the earthquake.
My prayers go out to them.
Y Do I Still Feel Lik Dis
I was just on my feet for 6 hours.
Yes, I'm tired.
Oh wow...
he's cool!
NowPlaying You are on our side by

thank you
About to watch my recording of : EXCITED!
Had class so couldn't watch it live.
:/
I don't get why everyone wants to come to Florida.
Honestly it's not that amazing here.
It's pretty stupid actually .
Easy win for
NowFollowing : You should deffinitly go follow him and he will FollowBack :
Let's go Seth just need a single to H in!
rockies v
concert tomorrow with and Courtney!!!!
So excited!333333
Giggle giggle giggle giggle giggle, yeah!
The immaturity level of some of the freshman is astounding.
You guys need to grow up.
Fast.
Started laundoctor at 7am this morning.
Just finished doctoring it.
Hey How are things going?!
Welcome back to !
Hope everyone had a fun and exiting spring break!
ChristianAmerican, just in case that isn't clear to anyone.
Both labels need to be reimagined.
So much doctorma, lol.
Is it really necessary?
got a meeting at 3 and dont kno where it is smh
Homemade green juice for breakfast, Bonegarden quesadilla for lunch.
Same same, right?
maybe i just don't like singing.
Put it down on me.
I won't be able to get the time off of work that fast.
I was thinking maybe CMA Fest, but you're probably working it, right?
Heading to to get my blackjack on
U wanna do something follow me n read everything that I have said....is crazy
I'll always be here even if I don't tweet :
omg you read it??
have you seen the cover as well?
the whole story is hidden from the world until it's...
time
brownish red...:/
I think so; they will also have a kid in this year's doctorft from SIU
I tried to not dislike her but it just didn't work out
Anyone on Gentlemint?
I'm still waiting for my login to the manly , better go hit the barbershop, the gym, and the bar!
u shoulda told me u didn't have a phone and you shoulda emailed me not tweeted I been 2 busy 2 check twitter
Mock the behavior, not the object.
Bigfoot is just an implementation detail.
RT hash tag that name if you are referring it in any context .
U shoulda came Fitzy
Hey everybody go follow please, you wont regret it,!
I confess that I'm quite a news junkie, but those questions seemed easy for anyone who pays any attention at all.
Ugh is it Monday already?!
Viva la Healthcare Summit!
I think we should set it up at your pad
We really enjoyed the Petoskey Stone video.
Never got it to work on the phone but works fine on the ageing lappy that works as my TV.
Oh come G.Clooney, goodlooks can't make up for a lack of common sense!
Must have a plan in order to move forward
Hope you had a great night.
Some people obviously didn't check the weather report this morning...
Only two weeks till Jesus Christ Superstar  Midsummer Nights doctoram Auditions 14pm  CSV Cultural Center 107 Suffolk St ,NYC!
ages 1221
Well it'd be about an eight hour audiobook!
My kids could handle that
lol you won't say nothin to nobody though 
The Down and Over Pub is up at Licenses Committee...could b an interesting one
I love ice ...
4 Twine, 2 flip, 5 swallows and I at school: D
can't wait to get back to Germany.10 months in the US were awesome but I miss my country.
People are on social media to talk to other people  Charles Porch
im not.
had a ball...
Thank you so much for the FF love.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook people who kill your STREAM cause whatever they think to say so doesn't go with your post or picture!
WHY ?
333 aww fer sure but fer real man we got 7 weeks!
My hubby gave 20 yrs of his life w/NO rights to organize, or even speak his mind.
Be cautious about dividing Left  Right.
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze Magazine!
We haven't even settled on the phonetic spelling of the Law  Order sound, Louis!
First things first.
send me some music g
Thanks for the follow Go Pack
So at american jewelry loan Lmaoo thiss ppl look mad ass fuck !
Good to see attacking the basket  finishing.
is our toughest kid  cleans the glass.
Will replace Robert Evans.
Just got ice cream from the ice cream truck.!:D3
nice!rya meet for a brew
I hate it when people call me a spoiled brat.
I'm not a brat.
I work hard, and I reward myself for it.
Get your facts straight
today is just a day of nonstop crying.
fuck.
How are you today, Sharon?
Any thoughts on Victor  Sharon being Lovers  a Couple on YR?
Let's make these last few weeks count
plus she have a bf so I stopped
Tonight's Brewers Tavern of the Game  Doolittle's Pub  Eatery in Lancaster The town, not the pub.
NationalBeverageDay and I'm on my 2nd cup of coffee.
BieberOnTheVoice It's about time for us girls to lose our ovaries, who needs them anyways?!?!?!
Dude, when is AZ in your schedule?
I'm working that's why I'm here
chargers picking up where they left off last year in special teams...
Kick return on them for touchdown on opening kickoff
Doing my hw for Mock Interview.
she hasn't been G'd out a day in her life.
I like the way i doctorss i dont care if it doesnt fit anyones standards
missing dat chocolate where u ?
did you tweet today
Ugh your such a cutie pie C':
All I could think for the last 20 minutes of the call every time this jokah opened his mouf: WhyIzYouHollarin' Simmah down.
If we break up or stop talkin and you tell me we can't be friends then you and your number gets deleted out my life and phone
oh dammit you retweeted my horrible apostrophe transgression.
fist shake.
On today's agenda: formulating an allnatural body scrub  fine tuning the hair conditioner formula.
What fun!
Lol!
follow me!
I am gay.
And I am for marriage equality.
I need a life coach to tell me what to do with my life.
Not career wise...
But personal wise!!
Ugh!!!
Need you by travie mccoy is so..
amazing.
At ranchobernardo Hats Off to Volunteers, where will be thanking hundoctords of volunteers for making RB a great community.
GRCH proudly announces Walters on Washington as the venue for our end of camp live music showcase.
Does Tim Tebow play baseball?
RT : Don't include IT on your permanent content governance board.
AW READY KINFOLK THAT'S THE BIZ WILL BE TOUCHING DOWN SOON
might pick up that st Vincent single.
Maybe some t Rex and uncle tupelo
This moment right now is pretty fucking close to perfect'
Get YOUR TAN ON!
Wear green and get 17 OFF your purchase today only!
Buy 5 Instant Tans for 55!
MEMBERSHIP and LOTION specials too!
my parents piss me off to feelin is mutual girl !
Yes!
Fashion reference, love it.
The candid logic behind Greg Oden's nude pic policy continues to amuse me, even two days after I read it.
So shruglife about it.
Never outsource more than 90 of your offshore production.
Good morning to you too.
Have a prosperous week..look forward to tweeting with you....ciao bella
Iowa's defense is terrible.
NIU's QB has toms of time.
staring down his targets, scrambling and moving the 2 min doctorll with ease
thanks love :
Happy St.Patrick's Day guys!
I'm not wearing green :p
no better way to spend a Wednesday morning.
What did I do before having a smarty phone while I was waiting in line at Disneyland as a kid?
wow ok 
STOP already w/ the terrible music you are forcing those adorable childoctorn to listen to.
what class are you in right now?
8 mile, always a winner, no matter how mamy times ivr seen it c:
Stop tweeting and work!
Still pissed i did not see before she left ...
but its all my fault
We are opting into Big Brother now.
Really wish I could be golfing right now with but work has to ruin everything.
nigga tell em they dnt offer the program ur tryna do and even if you did, you would have to transfer after two years
thx for the heads up!
We luv hearing stuff like this.
Which Shawn deserves this hug?
His last name/ can you tell me more abt him?
Bad news: only 1 of 3 students showed up today for class.
Good news: focused teaching for that 1 student's needs.
Lemons  Lemonaded.
Great evening at Coors thanks to Cargo and Smith and the Rockies.
Everyone gotta break down once in a while...
I'm just glad I got an amazing person to listen to all of it.
if i did a cover of the apple tree and sent you the link, would you watch it?
:
Working on developing a new energy bar....filled with protein, fruit and vitamins.
Tastes really good...just need to give it a name now.
So I got an email from the Huffington Post, the UNM frat boy death story is going on national news
So happy!!!
well okay then...
With so many reality shows being picked up, I'm really missing shows like NipTuck these days.
I recall a service boxed facts that was a great resource when looking to add a little meat to a proposals.
Can't find it now.
Ideas?
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Aphra Behn
agreed she is great!!
I'm quite a chauvinistic person,
Wouldn't change this for the world.
Can't wait till next weekend.
Notice me?

your library program at IFLA.
Learn what Argentina, Taiwan and Barbados are doing to promote libraries.
Rm 209, 16:0018:00
Cant wait ; Starting U4ria dance soon!
:D
I like Rap diss tracks.....
N.W.A vs Ice Cube !
This Q4 Learning new things every day!
good morning and good nite for some as well...
i hope your day/slumber does ya good!
yes!
lets do it soon, before jets off west!
cc et al
i didnt hear about it on news, sorry to hear!
shouldn't that be about to beef?
Shootingthe w/ whole WE THE BEST TEAM ..
U better know who I'm talkin about  in the building
Talk is cheap brah..
get a refund.
follow my new page thx
and dont forget my money
I'd be happy to put together a proposal if there's enough interest.
Cardio time w/ my mother!!...
Aka Shopping!
:
The comments on said article rightly called out the author for being a moron who doesn't pay attention and is years behind the rest of us.
Kickoff of the 2011 college football season this weekend.
Boise St.
and Georgia is what I'm watching tomorrow.
Georgia upset baby!
each of them will perform together
that how the line was yesterday when i went 2 go see them but dont worry its tottally worth the wait the show was amazing!
I'll go kayaking  when?
Mi phone so lonely!
.
hollie is safe again after every night she is in the bottom.
idol What a joke.
Yes sir
will you come to chicago some time?
follow me?
mention me in a tweet?
itd mean the world to me!!!
thanksily!!!
Someone said happy mother's day to me when I had my sister with me.
the fuckkk.
Seriously.
It was a significant effort.
Watching the Vampire Diaries Yay then Degrassi then some sleep : then early morning Angel and Charmed :
Making an STM Website
YEAH!
Where you guys at?
SWMadison finishes tomorrow !
Guy  the gym oiling up b4 his workout and now he's leaving oil stains on every piece of equipment.
Seriously.
I'm going to call him BP
respect the
Any RObotz ready for a contest?
How about Roshons Autograph?
Follow and RT this to enter!
We will make sure you are following us!
We have various designers in our lobby right now selling jewlery, accessories, handbags and photgraphy.
Come check it out!
Shake It Up!
so who's excited for Bamboozle this year?
I want to go but I might be graduating that day
Funny thing is I was 30 minutes slower than the fastest guy in the field!!!
Many thanks!
Just started Twitter acct w Fairgrounds Resale.
Haha, love it!!
and ditto...
RT Everybody, holla at my friend !!
:
And how will the Heat handle it when the Spurs take away LeBron and/or Wade?

i have the money, she needs to do it.
Thank you for the mention of ISE!
I love the site : I guess it has been a while.
Hm, going to write you down to remember to check in regularlike
fuck ur doctorams, this is reality!
George W.
Bush
Congrats to Jeff Fitts  BassRanking 1 Fisherman in Florida.
Way to go Jeff !
Have a great weekend, Everyone.
We'll be back on Monday.
My life isnt easy, stop telling me im so lucky for what i have when theres no one who cares enough to listen .
Don't be so afraid to die!
For TweetaPitch: Tweet using TriDPitch  editors follow thread  request full submissions as warranted.
What is one decision you could make that would change your life for the better?
aloha thx for the info!
Hard to plan a trip to snow while in HI!
:
hahaha.
No you haven't done anything to deserve it, that's just me being a douche haha.
With our cartoblast unit you can clean your cartomizers within seconds.
Works great with all sizes and all ecigs
Let go and let god handle it
Nice...and true.
And finally: Your analysis  writing are sharp, smart, funny.
Commit to trying to do at least one 500700 word thing a day
This NFL Pro Bowl is a joke!
Half ass running, this is way worse than the NHL AllStar game.
Only in NASHVILLE!
I love date night.
You sit around toasting yourself for having the good sense to have paired up with each other and then there's cake.
just spent almost 100 on books for school  my own personal edification.
sad about the amount but happy about the product.
There is only one secret to CrisisComm, always be prepared.
David Marriott on the accident of 2000.
Hate people who choose
me too where are you :?
Tomorrow I'll be making a guest appearance at the Grand Ave Lounge...
got some where to be in like 4 hours but if i lay down now....lets just say
Bango has nicer handles : Fields had a good first half but has gotten a little deerintheheadlightsy.
Sad.
Hope you feel better.
RT : Sick in a hotel room.
story of my life!
RT: Why is it that when i wake up early, im late, but when i wake up late, im on time?
?
bieber or the other one?
That is one of the creepiest things I've ever seen!
Also, were they using some of the oldest computer technology out there?!
Cloudsnapathon today with and at
and i slay metronomes hahahah
we'll fly till there is no wind :
can you help me?
A heartfelt thanks to our new followers.
There is honestly nothing better in the world than Hostess mini donuts.
have to reschedule tues.
meeting will run to 6ish :o do you have dinner plans?
otherwise, another day.
Juan Uribe is placed on the DL for 15 games with a sore wrist.
This Wednesday outside the Brown Garden come chill out with icees and iced coffe, 35.
Or just enjoy a regular cup of joe, we have it all!
Oh no my laptop just restarted
Q.
What do you call a lawyer with an I.Q.
of 50?
A.
A Senator.
So hot, can't wait to be in AC office....can't believe I'm saying that!
: Thanks for the RT last night!
Presentation planning: think first, create slides second.
If you fail to prepare, prepare to fail.
SIMPLIFY!
missing my baby
Breaking: give all clear at Cleveland HS in SE Portland after a bomb threat.
No device found.
Students are back in class.
Time to pour out a 40 oz.
of skim milk for the Rick Santorum presidential campaign.
Apparently I've been awake so long that I can't read the program.
Don't Forget About Us 3
When inventing new words, beware of autocorrect.
The name of a conf I attended this week was corrected twice  1st by iPhone, then by google
LOVE IT  makes me excited for the full release!
:
Forest whitaker in dis movie wit some braids o0...
him and samuel l jackson jus get too adventurous wit they hairstyles
I'm too sleepy.
Waitin on these ppl to get the hell outta here.
They messin with my rest
Oh yeah.
I pull it out to look at right before the weekly stoning.
sometimes the most professorund touch you can feel, requires no touch at all: the lingering of a past touch, the longing for a new one.
TTW
you have way too many pairs of sneakers !
Lol
yeah, yeah, realized my error moments ago...
working toward correcting it!
not saying they played well at the end, they sucked, but it's one game
thank u!!
I'm so excited about it!!
That dog thing in the hunger games scared the living shit out of me..
Mention that you saw us on Twitter, and you can save 15 percent off your pet door with us!
will regift/return depending if I think its regiftable but I had hubbys grandma give his mom our gift to her the following year
Welcome back, Josh Brown!
thingsigottateachmyson being male is not an excuse for using violence
how have you been?
you dont need to thank me.
I am also part of it.
but im glad i bought it.
now you have it back :D
I need another good black boy band to pop up.
www.mikedote.com .
Let me know what you think.
Who ya got today  Reds or Blues?
i feel like Warren Jeffs with my fantasy teams
one thing to remember is it was never designed to do what it is currently being asked to do
I feel like the FB statuses about marathons/races people are running are becoming as annoying as statuses about people's childoctorn.
Love all of the vintage fashion images!
It doesnt matter if you try and try and try again, and fail, It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
Just make sure they don't confiscate your passport.
;
I hate when someone takes a picture  you're a man!
This exatcly what i need.xD
When did they change the layout of twitter?
Thank you.
And yes, scary is the word.
This is going to be a tough
I walk into a room and I see watching CallMeMaybeVideo haha I got her addicted
heyy i followed!
:
Nice!
What tool did you use?
RB
Hey REDSOX FANS!
We're the official Hotel  offering U exclusive 20 off rates when in Boston for the baseball game at
man i had fun as shyt this weekend with my niggaass wild as shyt
lol, I know some people think he is talented but some people also like nickelback
I WANT to owe you a chat!!!
I'm looking forward to getting to know all you fantastic artists out there.
going shooping lets see what crazzy things ill buy!!!!!!
I posted the picture on your fb wall :
Haha, please thank him for the laugh!
Reality TV just birthed a reality monster.
im sorry i cant do that
I got the email.
Best news all day, hyped for it.
It's been said that to forgive is to set a prisoner free...only to discover the prisoner is YOU!
Just met the Vanderpumps.
You guys are the cutest!!
RaddonFamilyRocks RT : : I'm a mom ninja YES U R!
Love you, see you soon.
It's true, no one ever payed attention to Tina.
Dang.
How would you feel if you were guilty of killing a legend?
no idea.
Have seen some say they used it as early as 2001, now seems to be experiencing a resurgence.
What are they cosplaying?
RT : We'll be hosting our first cosplay wedding this week!
Very exciting :D
Just learned a great word.
now we just need a Portlandia I'd Eat It video.
But ill admit I kinda like it still.
whydoyouhavetobesofine ?
Is it just me or are Burbank Starbucks the date spots of the valley?
You've got a way to keep me on your side.
You give me cause for love that I can't hide.
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
better get ready to open his wallet lol
Hi miss u so MUCHH !
xx
I've had a picture of him at my desk ever since.
Access anywhere, anytime forcing the exposure of login forms to the outside world  most people use the same password.
Disaster.
I love to dance.
it's a doctornking meeting
Taken away on stretcher.
RT : Anyone see what happened to the fan at RockiesGiants game?
A week of GODSIZED things happened this wk in Haiti...now back in Nashville to see my AMAZING FAMILY, RECHARGE  head back 2 Haiti nxt wk!
NOW I'm hittin the sack.
Night.
Pineapple Express or A walk to Remember?
Tough decisions on TV tonight...
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 3
The internet delivers.
RT Henry Denham!
I propose  just for 2012  that if the get the lead in any game, they automatically win
time Howard had 1 Goal and 1 assist this season, Liverpool should buy him
Yup, he owes it all the NF.
:P Wow, you have it on BR?
I still only have it on vintage VCR....I think i'm the only person in the
My kiddo rode her bike 3 miles today  can't say that the allure of treats at Sticky Fingers vegan bakery wasn't motivation!
:
yes...but im changing it back...i just dont think I look good in it.
But its me and cam soo...
Its a sabotage love
I licked my fingers and ate the plagues.
Actually typed a couple a pages of creative writing!
Seems like more, must be like 4 written.
:
How do u make several photos into one on instagram??
Playing a different show every night in front of a new crowd.
Gotta fall asleep to 's voice, or I just won't sleep..
ifiwereu i would think before i speak
most guys say hey u see da game?
Not did u see hotincleveland?
I'm a let u tell me about it tho.
Peace n luv homie I aint judging
AHMAZEING nite w and at Apple Store Lincoln Park.
I have some pretty damn awesome women in my life.
word, is macys having a sale?

8 Shopping Days till my BDay.
Just sayin'.
lol
Believe it can be done.
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it.
Believing a solutio
yo touring stl?
check out lemp mansion..pan fried chicken..pirrones pizza..
forest park...cathedoctorl
About to work out..
I want a hot body for warped.
c:
mudmelt Kehoss works with graphenegraphite that is one atom thick...I think!
do you mean TopShop?
We have that over in Scotland, its has really nice stuff!
I was thinking the same thing.
Wash tub cookie house paper eggnog bags.
Serving visitors' needs is more powerful marketing than any billboard or ad So true
Fuck I'm turning into my parent's
will check DM in a few.
Its black af outside.
Im scared lol
daddy dont forget to pay my speeding ticket!
GOTTA DO THE HEALTHY THING, HOW R U DOIN STRANGER.....
NO LOVE NO MORE ?
Welcome to Seattle!!
We're so happy to have you!!
:
Jamal for 295.
1 yard is no real difference

I will never b able to watch a fancy feast comericial again with out lmao thinking about this tweet
wow, Floyd wins in incredible fashion!
would love to!!!
So glad i got to hear you : beautiful songs and killer voice!!!
my circle aint as big as you think rank crazy but i still can count all my friends in 1 hand !
trueshit
This feels like Monday  big time....
Gonna need 6 Starbucks today
ah gotcha, i've got two siblings too and went through that a bit several times when they were being interesting and i wasn't
Love Phillip Phillips Sr.!
Love a man who gets emotional about his childoctorn and not afraid to show it.
A great family!
If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.
Japanese proverb
Indians beat the Angels today, GoT didn't completely suck, and now I get to watch Mad Men.
All in all, I say win.
I keep asking questions so my points are doctorpping like flies.
I'm around 80 or something
I Toatally Agree With You On That...But Do You Remember Me From Kevin Hart Walmart In Dallas?
Just woke up in a great mood...
then realized I had to work in an hour
USC Columbia lib checks bags, but only the pocket that patron says has books.
No bag check of you leave w/ books in hand, not bag.
My daughter won't believe me if I tell her you're following me.
Merry christmas eve to everyone
So many changes in the next two weeks.
eek!
is thisconvo w Dimon on MTP a casual sitdown in lounge chairs?
Wonder whose idea
Why are heads of file sharing companies held personally accountable for company crimes but heads of the oil companies or banks aren't?
Laying in bed watchin shahs of sunset
Looking to secure that first softball W tonight.
Hope I get to school by 12 so I can take this dumb AP test.
You like?
RT Friends r a joy live.
Back in May.
Threw berries, danced, have serious ideas abt fun, I'm His Girl's a tune.
I want to be the best I can.
I want to be the best in who I am.
And I'm gonna strive to be that no matter what.
The Dawgs take the floor vs.
Oregon tonight at 6PM as the other tournament rolls on.
Q2: I haven't gotten much weird schwag in my short running history, but it has been fun giving away Go Sport IDs at a few events
Is there any way to stream the 3000m SC coming up in about an hour?
Worst lunch ever today!
Avoid The Jungle Mexican Buffet on Powell in PDX.
Nasty Fail food.
Hope I don't get sick!
Bali is great, but you have to go inland to Ubud and other regions.
Also hit up Gili Islands off of Lombok...
Gonna try being guest hosts at our club tomorrow night.
That will be fun!
I want a Banana
If I see one more mesothelioma commercial I'm gonna be hysterical
Like i said the old Vince Carter would of dunked that lol.
a kim stan they didn't have nothing to say!
They know nicki whack and had nothing to say to defend her
Happy Dia de Accion de Gracias...
Thanksgiving for the English speakers
watching UK and LSU takes me back to panama city an
Baltimore Businesses, here's a great way to celebrate upcoming Earth Day, sign up for Clean Your Files Day for Businesses call 4103964511
how can I get Tricoci code sent to cell.
Tried, but no luck.
keeps sending toys/books coupon.
Do I provide code at my visit
I love being a rebel!
FatherGod by LordChrist is our rock/fortress/deliverer/strength/buckler/salvation/high tower, in whom we trust  praise  call on
ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Jimmy Eat Pancake, A Perfect Pancake, A Pancake To Remember LOL
I love people who can make me laugh when I don't even want to smile.
Woo hoo!
Printable Evanced calendars are possible in doctorpal.
Absolutely Brian!
Def a trip down memory lane for all of us diehard Blazer fans.
Boston Tweet with your citys hashtag here to help unlock the Battleship screening!
I have a hangover from studying last night
Marriage, five minutes to get in and a LIFETIME to get out of!
Ugh!!!
I witnessed a friend reading Ulysses and I decided that my hashtag might be ulyssesin2011 if I'm lucky.
wow, you are going to get very, very fit!
My mom definitely just told me Thanks for a great Christmas.
ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Glass Tits
When we go on vacation, the biggest expense that we have after airfare is what we pay for accommodations
Can't wait til my wifey makes me dinner.
happy to introduce you to the crew!
Next mixer
GifBoom isn't letting me make gifs...it won't load my videos
I want bbq chicken this summer : hook me up
Anyone else's feet killing them?!
1.
Depends what type of AK47, 2.
Grab the muzzle of the rifle and raise up, 3.
Punch man in nose to disorient him, 4.
Shoot.
You bet!
Very cool share :
Done with classes for 2010!
This is weird!
Today's my grandmas birthday , I'm chillin w/ my Auntie  Uncle .
This is TheHomieCrew ;
Im so glad to be back.
Being in arkansas was the worst experience of my life.
It's not too late  registration is still open for the Irvington Pub Crawl  Sat, July 30.
Who's oining me?
Yay for taking care of our company members!
You're on.
Just Plain Nuts :
Hmm ok not too long.
What do mean by 'tough'?
I thought u believe I'm stubborntough too?
Never mind...
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Knowledge is limited.
Imagination encircles the world.
Einstein
turn on NFL network...
our Superbowl highlights coming up next..
I have butterflies!
lol!
Working.
Then off !
Hope the weather stays fair!
Change of plans.
They're going with a repeat show.
Catch me live on the Armstrong Williams Show next week.
boom goes the dynamite, thank you.
Just confused and frustrated
Less than 2 weeks out until LMA12.
Looking forward to it.
Check out the mobi before, during  after for news  info.
And if you ever looking for something to do in AZ shoot me a tweet.
Make sure 2 catch us live 2morro  auraria campus 4 the Cinco De Mayo celebration w a special guest whos name starts wit R comin w us
RT THIS IF YOU LOVE DOCTOR BIEBER
coders are equivelent of medieval professorssional scribes?
Brendon and I are packing are stuff now so we can hit the rode at 7am
Nap or write, write or nap...
hm....
Frying is delicious, but so is grilling with a touch of smoke and finishing in buttered wing sauce.
That's my plan.
yeah that fine 
apparently so.
Certainly you can use ISBN's.
We are not now participating in traditional distribution channels.
MiniBük authors are in Amazon.
.
in!
will be recording upstairs.
wave hello in between all of the fantasticness.
shout out 2 4 being taperfriendly.
Sorry, but the minute you launch a keep team X's fans out of our building campaign, you are officially labeling your fanbase as pathetic.
Had a strange  fun doctoram 
Sharks out.
Merc headline tomorrow: The Blues Know the Way to Beat San Jose?
Advice to talking to vets: Don't ask How many people did you kill?
NECIRvets It's not going to get you anywhere
Joe...come on, great way to get in vitamins!
; especially antioxidants..
Have a great day sweetie!
Yeah.
Like this one picture Justin was looking STRAIGHT at the camera!!
I was like wtf?
Love, Hope, Faith, God, Jesus.
The five things that keep me on my feet, alive and well.
Always and Forever.
u think I should get grilled cheese?
SocialMediaTip: Work on your offline relationships as much as your online ones.
Show you're hard to forget b/c you're persistent.
Done, and Done doll face!!
:3
TRAFFIC Box 235 W Centre St  N Howard St, Downtown; Auto accident.
POURING in PB!
Pizza and Sierra Mist with ; 3 Scrubbin'
so that moment when Wont Follow you : okay nick .
i see how it is :
Great deal by Spielman  the Vikings!
Still get the guy they want  additional picks.
i cant wait til next week on the edge of my seat
Today was a good day c:
except, surely, the dimsum.
there is bad dimsum, but there is more often good dimsum.
and sometimes very very good dimsum.
love nick cage movies
Looks like a sunny weekend coming up in Seattle.
Parks make a great place to read a good book.
Grab one and get outside.
Minneapolis, you're now on the clock.
HEY!
Thanks, Jennifer!
Appreciate the plug.
Hope that all is well with you and yours.
Just bought a new pocket camcorder, a Sony Bloggie Touch, my old one recorded with an Apple extension, making it hard to edit.
Howard Jones speaking on Lincoln's diplomatic craft at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum in Springfield
Cool, there's a horse race on TV...
next channel.
over 400 childoctorn are diagnosed every day with PVD.
Do your part to help and go to Disneyland with me.
RT : Thanks 4 speaking uncomfortable truth abt so many gifted ed programs.
Why do schools...
Court is as empty as it's been since DiMasi trial began.
Defendants/Attorneys in rapt silence poring over proposed jury instructions.
Girls.
You never know what theyre going to think.
Every week an est.
42,000 people die from diseases related to poor quality doctornking water with 90 of them occurring in childoctorn under 5.
Being constipated is frustrating on many levels.
Those levels specifically are the small intestine, large intestine and the colon.
I'm def getting more toned.
been working for 7 days and tmister will be 8
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the doctorveup ATM?
That's why we're in one ;
CivilWar Camps under Hooker Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL, AMAZON/KINDLE 2.99
Yowza, today was a day.
I can buy my gloves for lighting tomorrow
Excited about to start our successful EURO NIGHT  EAST tonight!
The venue looks great 3 So many people coming!
14 hours long and rainy.
Don't forget rainy.
:
I know and love it, too.
very..
VERY streaky hitter..
Love and gratitude....
Yes it can, depending on the state's attorney who reviews it.
It should also negate a selfdefense or mutual combat claim
Your greatest strengths can also be weaknesses  use different skills for different situations.
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
This will subside within a few hours.
After treatment, the skin near the keloid may remain slightly sensitive to the touch for a few days
At Everglades Stop Shark Valley.
Sun is shining, it's beautiful.
I miss talking to :/ she never talks to me anymorre!
Read What You Write
Approx 1.4 million US kids under 18 years old begin smoking cigarettes each year!
Les Kuller, an unemployed construction worker who got in line at 5:30am, lost his health insurance when his wife passed away two years ago.
we have a surprise for you all in a few minutes....
DemiOrBrit?
Not even a realistic question.
Britney, no contest.
Amen.
MT : May 2012 bring less talk of media literacy training for the community  more community literacy training for the media.
Brand strategy doesn't float so stop comparing it to the Empire State building.
Good morning.
Omw to school.
...You want to be considered the only one who does what you do.
Jerry Garcia
Spent a gorgeous day partially outside in the sun and at the RIHPHC conference.
Saw a guy riding a Segway to work on the morning commute today.
Time waisted.....?..find a new project!
OK this socalled little break can come to an end.
I need to see and hold my babies NOW!
I was either born to be Mexican or Jamaican...some how I ended up African American, nevertheless I'm WASTED!!!!
me equiboque:s
Ellen DeGeneres just gave 50,000 on her show.
Thank you Ellen!
Yesterday a coworker introduced me to the not pr0n online puzzle and it has taken over my brain.
u r so critical!But I've got ur point!good job
o alrght k ill tell her
Wild Thursdays is the only place to be!!!
Monday Mention great grp of musicians events planners Spread the Luv

I am still v.
dizzy, i have Fibromyalgia, my balance is v affected when the weather changes, so i thought 'as usual, just me!'
Tl just died...
RT starting today!
first three followers to retweet our Mom's Rules win a giveaway!
Happy Mother'sDay
Leggings are not pants.
Oh my gosh is beautiful3
I'm gonna miss you today!
Next weekend we ARE hanging out to complete mission fire.
This sounds like a bad Steven Seagal movie that I need to see.
Is Powers Boothe the bad guy?!
MT : Combination Train  On The Move
has the most adorable kids.
so great that he includes them in his community engagement
Pure Environmental Solutions Now Offers Biosweep for Odor Removal and Indoor Air Quality Restoration
37 years ago Derek Fisher was born.
37 years ago that pick and roll was just as beautiful.
Uhoh.
What's your middle name?
I reread the gospels a few yrs ago and I totally stuck on those verses  I mean, what else could they mean?
Caught a screening of 21JumpStreet and it was surprisingly really funny!
Great cameo by a special somebody too  rhymes with monny kepp.
Best del taco ever!
oh god the towel
when oomf hits up my dm he so sweet nd polite, but is very reckless when he tweets...which one is really him???
Producers Looking 4 Raw Beats For Cheap Follow Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
I'm just wondering when they will have the nerve to report juniors death..
its on NBC local.
CBS local.
La times confirms WTF?
there's some concern with my IT group regarding what data do you synchronize in the cloud.
Could you clarify?
more specifically
Dish sucks thanks wwe
you talking bout heads!
You know yours isn't the smallest lol
oh cool movin there?
Holy shit, Lisa is tanked.
Retweet if you saw that shit tonight, haha.
U don't work, u don't eat!
Liberty means responsibility.
That is why most men doctorad it.
Is it possible that my 16month old is stronger than me?
wanna say I LUV U!!!
me too!!
I just got an email today saying you're just now following us.
And again, I'm surprised you're responding...
actually I HAVE TO have my hair thinned......funny because half the world would give their left arm for my problem LOL
forgot how good it feels to get a brand new cd...
with the actual lyrics in the book sleeve
That sounds like a hashtag the CDC would strongly oppose.
:
dating because we are kissing a lot  holding hands.
But, the mall was supposed to be closed  we got trapped in there
my mum will probally make me
got tweeted by whataburger...
BACON!
Beyond that, no preference.
;
I think paintings are time machines
Feels good not to care officiallydone I should've paid more attention
I wish I could hit the snooze alarm on the weekend and extend it another day or so.
Men are not prisoner's of fate, but prisoner's of their own mind.
guess what song I'm listening to :
Nonprofessorts, doctor your eyes and watch Jimmie Fallon and Brian Williams slow jam the news about super pacs.
Hilarious!
Constantly pausing the DVR on shots of the doctorper apartment so I can soak up the ambiance.
how do you get over a death?
We still need to hook up for a story for !
Contact me at!
wait, what?
I sent it to you already.
You didn't get it?
ahhaaha yeah...
I am lol I love helping people, meeting new people and seeing impacts I can make.
I think Oxford could field a team, and the Sorbonne.
Brown would love a chance, but they don't meet our standards.
Come on Giants WTF?
Do you want to change the world?
If you say no, there's a problem.
Large or small, you are here to change the world.
you need to share a locker with someone next year so I can see you more.
Cuz you'd be in the other hallway :
thought about his parents and how his family was allowed to be as they wished, unlike the people he reported on.
FF Alphabet Twitter
a bit on the nose with that one, don't you think?
OMG SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!
YAYAYAY YOU HAVEN'T WROTE IN FOREVER GIRL

Less than 48hrs until 2011 Shoot To Cure Event.
Can't wait ;
I had a great time meeting with the Henry County Democrats in New Castle on Saturday.
Please join us on facebook www.LaneForCongress.com
i miss you :
5 missing assignments in history?
:o wuuuuuuuuut
I have a lot of really great friends I would start a libertarian utopia country with, see also my former employer
Well at least this week is starting out better than last week.
Still crazy busy, but not quite so many obstacles.
Insight: Time running out for Ally Financial's restructuring  Chicago Tribune
It's gonna hurt good today.
My busy work schedule has kept me away from beastmode for some time now.
But, we're back in business!
What we give our attention to  stays with us and what we let go of  will let go of us.
miss you too!
nice winning smile :D
hahaaahah nah Agnotic is basically not giving a fuck if he is real or not :P
Yes!
The app has been completed and should be released very soon, as in days!
Who headbutts someone?
That's basically the most pussiest thing ever.
Step below kicking.

New followers!!!!
I feel like without the great hair
Lord Help me I can't take this no more.
Depression need to leave me.
I feel lost.
I need my life back.
Help me with your prayers.
Amazon just suggested we purchase Fifty Shades of Grey.
Hello, Amazon.
Have we met?
umm just seeing this doctorma, what the...
ah ok.
glad to know you're ok!
Thanks JB RT Helping w NY Turing program.
These students are super smart /via
Poor headband.....
Attending session Interchange Zero: the theory that the cost of moving money will eventually be zeroeverywhere.
I'm not bitter, but for the sake of efficiency, Purdue needs a better way to judge whether the foreign students can speak English or not.
Miss you guys!
Been out of touch prepping for trial
trunk to get tatted finite Wat to get real quick?
Snow already!!!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE YA AT?
:
And it crashed just as I tweeted that...
Of course.
u were going to cheat and doctorw one.
That is funny love the heart lol
BARF.
RT My friend Christopher Hitchens has died.
I loved  prayed for him constantly  grieve his loss.
He knows the Truth now.
Out with my girls 
1Dfact Liam says his accent is all of the boys mixed together cause he spends so much time with them.
Warped Tour 2010!
Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour?
See us there Los Angeles County!
Say hi.
:
A friend wants an EVI.
Know where there's one available?
Just kidding:
It took Ron Paul more than 15 years to deny writing those newsletters, despite being asked about them over course
yo you tryin to meet up when i get back from st louis to plan some stuff out?
Hey i know that kid!
Doesn't he go to our school?
Haha jk!
I love you bud.
And you're my superman.
Awwe!
I'm sorry :/ Why are you always sick :/
This turned out to be a beautiful weekend for sitting inside and indexing Honolulu residents in the
my major relationship is with my bed.
i try to leave it and it goes, but i miss you already!, and i'm like, oh, ok, i'll go back to you.
RT : Is this discussion worth having before evry kid has has access to high speed, reliable Internet?
edchat , my thoughts 2
I'm so hungry I just might
They could care less about you as a person thats trying to provide for her family!!
VeryFrustratedTweet :
sad.
Dif note: guy on elevator named Andy looked like andy samberg, which probably became a positive once samberg became famous
lol totally agree so glad my son stopped watching that show
My mom would claim that Clooney counts as an American Masterpiece.
Yeah, I was so glad Cora didn't go along with her this time.
It's worked my nerves how Cora has been her puppet lately.
ows needs to find a unifying goal eventually.
I propose getting a law pass stating that corporations are NOT legal persons.
rt if u agree
I'm hoping we get to see the JSA again soon.
The art of smile and nod when all you wanted was to punch them in the face
so doctorary out  on a better note  flyguys tonight!
patriotgala thank you for supporting and doing the reading of those that serve our country from NC SC
are you actually watching this game?
This game just like your laker games are rigged man.
No need to watch today; niners lost , w/b the steelers?
Britian discussed plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves five months before invasion tinyurl.com/3j7odc4
Sang at BFMS 35th anniversary festival with Leah Ulansey.
Singers, storytellers, dancers, blue sky, and smiling people.
BUT WHY?!
RT : I dont do weddings, birthdays, or bar mitzvahs or baptisms,
Adam Sandler  Andy Samberg pure genius 420 That's my boy gonna be comedy gold  the box office  Lorne's comedy Jewish sons
I work for Cornell here in DC and getting to Ithaca is difficult, esp.
with the USAirDelta swap of slots LGADCA.
News flash to the GOP: Abstinenceonly ed DOES NOT WORK.
FOLLOW ME LIZZ:
I like LOVE Jordan Mark Witzigreuter.
He's cool like Jesus.
hi Mark, that was awesome!
Thank you for sharing!
Got my annual appeal from the bishop.
Patrick: Honey, your Catholic bill's here!
No worries, let me know if there's a visit that's not so busy and we can catchup.
YES SIR
for sure at the gentilly stage on sunday!!
I concur :
RT : Today is Wellness Tuesday!
Save 15 on all health  beauty purchases all day long.
Will you be back to South Lake Union next Wednesday?
your good people I can spare a few hundoctord as long as your ready to party
Tomorrow morning we will be open at 7 am!
Come by and get a delicious Stumptown latte!
RT : A tip for families.
Have a technology free day.
My family had so much fun 1 day turned into weeks.
Flight is booked : cali may 5th
LOGO turtle shoutout!
Much like the undead, at dawn we sleep.
A doctoram is an answer to a question we haven't learned how to ask......
Proverbs 25:9 9Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another...ALWAYS deal w/ the source.
I know dude...
i felt like i aint never played before in my life
It is unpleasant, loaded words.
Can he brush it off with his press person?
Maybe not.
haha yea it came back on in like 30mins
Teamvic is the Next up for doctoramteam Jan 17th, www.doctoramteampromos.com the kid is a straight beast and an even better person!
Pepsi pushing people to quot;Live For Nowquot;
Thanks for the kudos!!!
That's a good one.
Thanks for the email!
You can't overdose on music.
the link to this professorle is the person that was involved in a shooting that took my homie tony duncan's i hope to see him behind bars 4 life
Kimmy u would laugh at that : HAHAHA RT : Remember when was pretty?
cute?
.
.
.
Yah me neither!
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris is my guilty pleasure of the moment.
Hahaha : I try to kill YOU!
xD
chillin B!
What's good?
Ha!
I was gonna do the quinoa with it, but just dont feel like washing a pot.
Lord help me...
editing...editing....
Firehouse Subs is my new favorite restaurant.
Love going to the dentist at 8 on a saturday 
I know we will haha.
Me, you and 3
And thanks for yr tweets!
Woo!
RT GO PACERS!
vs tonight!
homecourt advantage is the difference maker, so come loud and proud.
praying my stomach settles so I can support the at Buck a Bone night tomorrow!
We will be celebrating by spotlighting each of our amazing members!
Just listed SayNPlay.
The site looks great  Congratulations!!!!
Come on the Bolton
and me too
no im not.
NIGGAS UH SPEND THERE RENT AND THERE FLIP MONEY ON A OUTFIT WOW I CAN FUCK A BITCH WITHOUT THAT SHIT REAL SWAG
I'm not convinced Denver's d is for real, SD hangs 28 on em tonight
I messaged a friend of mine who does doctorg.
Hopefully he can point me to my local options.
I am excited for prom this weekend too my sexies.
Flawless fierce and fabulous!!!!
i think is cheating on me with
Tonight thread party at Sassafras.
Come ck out the new catalog items and the lovely Sassafras boutique.
79 pm
I'm a little late!
But HAHAHAH.
CLIPPERS LOSE BITCHES.
seeing my TL say about Austins tickets going out im just lying here being jealous on whos gonna go
that should be me hahahahaha
I have to take a bus to Queens or get the G train to Carroll Gardens to get into the city tonight!
The call is in, hoping they come through for me, if I have to repair it, I don't think I will feel comfy racing on it.
I'm beyond confused right now but I'm not asking questions.
It's ROSE BOWL day!!
Let's Go DUCKS!!
It's OTIME!!!!
Picked the winner at our KentuckyDerby pool, thus adding to the legend of Lucky Lustina.
We're officially up and tweeting!
If you have any software questions, concerns, or just want to talk...we're here!
Forgot they still make antennas.
Wow lots of free stations and better picture quality than comcast.
Cable guy noshow did us a favor.
Just wrapped a great recording session at Bad Animals.
www.badanimals.com
We almost have 1,200 twitter followers.
D
i would totally have sex to mike posner's voice.
To be quite honest, I've been very blessed when I've worked with Hollywood.
Nicholas Sparks
Working on new JJ Abrams pilot in LIC tonite.
Yes, I am a 'Person of Interest'.
Great day on Blue Bloods yesterday.
NYC, it's for me!
More like Syd and Julia...
;
you're a man who is seriously considering pectoral implants
Is Bertrand wearing white flip/flops as part of the Coyotes whiteout?
looks like, cuz the higher you score you get results of Mostly Noise or Bit of Douchebag I need to work on mine!
Prepping for New Members sneakpeek of my fall exhibition on 1920s Greenwich Villageincluding the bookshop door with its 238 signatures!
Thanks again , you make some good weather..
RT : From Rob, Morning sun then more clouds.
High: 72 but 60s lakeside.
This prom shit zoning me out .
Selena Gomez is the most.
Unique amazing.
Voice and personality ever she is amazing no wonder Justin bieber.
Like loves her she's beautiful
happens to the best of us partiers
Hail, high wind with storm moving into Oilton/Mirando/Bruni.
Hebbronville should watch this storm.
LADIES NIGHT.
Just like it sounds.
Ladies doctornk free.
Bring your bros.
It's a great movie  apart from the friction amongst the band members, it also abounds with the joy of creation.
what are you talking about?
Sir
What the hell is wrong with Cameron Diaz?
Go easy on the sauce.
aww u see this?
thank u
yes we do and we have great pricing speak to Jevante 3472344888
Long week but it's finally Friday!
What are you up to this weekend?
use to see what the apts look like before heading there.
Whitney Houston is gone, now how about we get rid of the whitney TV show while the name is trending
Fair today!
C: and i'm late for school v.v
Thanks for sharing, Tim!
yeah u guys could come with me !!
: idk wat time but yeah
I heart you.
Great.
Thanks!
Still feeling under the weather today
Enrique questions pdx light rail economic impact based on surrounding mobility and design.
I say transit mall of 5th  6th fails on both.
On PghTodayLive at 9 we have the latest fashions and trendiest Valentine's day flower arrangements to share with you!
Be sure to tune in!
So whoever think they words affect me is too stupid, and if you can do it better than me then you do it
I'm working on it ;
Yes!
Chiefs take Dontari Poe with their 1 pick.
This is the guy I wanted.
been on oovoo with for 4 hours, we have no lives.
The decibel of silence is deafening.
Woohoo!
Replaced the keyboard ribbon on my MacBook Pro!
Finally have my keyboard back :
wen do u want us to roll over
Salted Vegetables!
A little over a year, shes a tree walker hound lol
People really don't understand how hard it is to be a diva.
Just completed a 3D animated spot for Planet Shark  Australia.
Feeling so very unprepared for class.
Which is a real bad thing.
Shocking  disappointing to see so many people show up so late for Jury Duty here in Suffolk Co.
Come on people.
ill b that lol
get it green for a day!
Missing him already : Goodnight twitter ST

I really do.
RT : Breaking a SJSU student was groped this morning at Joe West Hall.
Was she at a Frat house ?
hey Lisa  I'd love to connect with you and chat edtech sometime!
:
I don't believe that's accurate.
We're doing a little more than that.
And it's costing local taxpayers in DC minimal amount.
Cinco de Mayo: Shrimp tacos with spring onion salsa
you still in Denver?
It was summer just the other day, but Costco is already selling fake Christmas trees.
I feel rushed.
Group 7, Citizen Engagement and Neighborhoods: social media personalizes citizen participation and the way people experience...
Arkansas Parks  Arkansas Festivals rocking Rogers Little Theatre.
Playing a FREE show at Brainwash Cafe tomorrow in SF!
7pm!
Come on out and hear some of my new songs!
he's here ?!
Omg
no problem  enjoyed some kimchi fries  galbi tacos a mug of Cass for lunch.
Quite tasty!
Thanks Bill!
oh I hope so.
I am reminded now why I never had a dog before.
a gentlemen never tells.
Omg, can u say feathered hair, lol
Was at TNA lockdown last week and was disappointed you wasnt there.
love you regardless
tt tats
indeed.
Words to live by.
It's the year of the bird!!!
Jesmyn Ward's reading at Stanford was beautiful.
The NBA couldn't have gone to a more talented and humble writer.
This is brilliant.
Thank you.
What a fantastic accomplishment!
Congrats!
RT : Finishing my first Half Marathon!!
So much happiness is floating through the air.
I LOVE feeling the need to smile while doing work.
I got cho protein right here.
good luck :
Thank you for all you do to honor our heroes!
RT : I am ready for the next teenhoot :
Interested in a public relations internship this summer?
email us.
:
weridly, it takes some avis'.
so pelease.
i'll try which ever worrk.
glad I could keep you all entertained!
Haha, that's awesome!
Yes, it was a flash mob.
saw u on mike and molly you and carl r funny together maybe you will get a spin off from this fingers cross : 
Goldilox Hair House...extensions that show more than tell.
Had a great weekend and finished it off with a great service at church.
Ready for a great week.
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!!
because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what!
Yur so inspiring to me and others..IFLY
End of Summer BBQ Cooking class, 09.14.Hot Smoked Salmon, BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad  Watermelon Gazpacho!
40 pp.
Call 404.681.4434.
When tweets I cry a little coz it doesn't go to our Facebook page.
Make me smile, go to Comic Nation TV on Facebook and like it.
Please do!
I need to know right now.
RT : I'd like to ask this guy why he has a fake Louis Vuitton wallet.
I apologize for answering the question you asked
Sometimes...
I order bloodies just for the toppings.
Except by sometimes, I mean every time.
Bout to lay it down 4da night Thx to my new followers :
Damn rain
1st sand volleyball game tonight...hope i don't act a fool!!
better set me up!
Beat the snow, come get yourself some hot and sumptuous Indian Buffet, or just get it delivered!
Mayne my grandma dont never txt me nomoe!
and i wouldn't say its absolutely disqualifying, but it raises serious questions about his judgment
Same here, why do you think we never go to bed at normal times and stay up really late doing stuff.
nigga I know.

Hard Rock Hollywood.
Beware of the River!
Cash Game Poker Book.Come down to our Poker kiosk and get your Blue Shark Optics...
Hay I'm not fake fan of justin Bieber!!!!!!!!!
For a long time I listen to his songs and sang them :
No presents yet :
Wait I NEED Hot Wings.
Me too!
RT : I can't believe that I am going to miss the super bowl game..
There 's no crying in weather!
Say Word RT aye I'm more than likely coming home tomorrow y'all
Bingo!
RT Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee this much.
Any of my UMW friends have campus photos from Snowpocalypse 2010?
I need one for my convocation speech tomorrow.
I get enough of that on the interstate.
sweet!
More awesome members!
Teenage doctoram playing in mcDonalds 3
What a great day for American History at
Stay warm!
I prefer many many layers of fleece.
That is if I have to be outside.
Heaters are nice too.
Cheers!
Killing hataz softly with my love/ its that crucial killa love/ yeah that cornerboythug/ so what's good what's up
Cirbo was on the news for sleep texting.
Haha
dang girl you go on vacation more than i do
Hehehe did John tell you bout him wanted to go to high school in Amherst!?
no problem ma, im slow sometimes lol Happy New Year
smile for me beautiful
City Ordinance of the Day: Glass in a glass free zone, FINE: 303, the Mifflin block party is a glass free zone
digital, media and global are the 3 new literacies
East Side
Hm boondocks?
Yes, it's the real Joe Frazier.
Nice to meet you too!
I was bummed when I found out it was invite only :/
But it can be as long as 34 weeks!
11 days till the big 25!
arlington speedtrap at George Mason and 10th St heading towards Wilson!
Thanks for the follow , my favorite Actor's Advocate!!
: oxo Your assistant and I grew up in the same area...
smallworld :
puff and chill yung bull
It's a full moon in hollywood  I have to go out!
No he doesn't.
That's just stupid Long Islanders trying to convince you he does.
Best fight scene in a movie, Jason Bourne vs Desh, Bourne Ultimatum
Haha no but they must have known I was coming.
Damn it feels good to be a gangster.
Tim Duncan scored the Spurs' first 6 points.
Tony Parker has 6 points.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 1413 at the first timeout.
laronda, oh my lord stop!
lmao u are killing me!
lol
Still looking for a girl to take out on a date ....
,
when r u coming back to Boston.
My wife and I loved the special tonight.
It's awful!
I mostly can't go because it's a Tuesday  it interferes with other things :/ Wa!
i think so?
I didn't talk to him!
Who do you think i am, some social butterfly?
I don't feel like texting then don't have a phone.
watching a movie all by myself...
23 do you hate me?
Wow, sagging is retarded..
Anyone else going to this year?
I thought the video was awesome, too.
we are glad to hear you like our place :
the Murder Inc crew 
lol.
he's a douche.
but I still love him unfortunately
stop expecting things from me.
So sad.
They aren't used to a nonlapdog media.
Gonna be a fun fall!
Why is fighting Michael McDonald on UFC paperview right now?!
Everyone has that one little secret, that not even your best friend knows about you.
You know it!!!!!
...We need to take over management!
:
Im going fuckin shoe crazy right now!
we sure will!
cheers!

I love the way that pronounces 's name.
Just sayin'.
some local theaters have begun selling harrypotter and the deathlyhallows tickets.
it won't be long now ...
Yahooleee!!
RT  indians whoopin that reds ASS again.
cleveland owns kentucky.
A fine is a tax for doing something wrong.
A tax is a fine for doing something right.
Author Unknown
I need to stand side by side with my wife for you to see mine.
It takes two pairs of buttocks.
Off to my first ever Zumba class.
Giving away Holiday World passes in 5 minutes...have your speed dial fingers ready to dial 2391067
; i love you  i miss you
I feel like a bit of a sellout since I've put a semislick on the rear wheel.
See ya, rear Panaracer FireXC Pro!
You have served me well!
We had a lot at Purdue.
I'm sure the nuclear engineering dept.
had something to do with that!
Safety first.
i like the name, Nick's Chocolate Paradise.
Its catchy.
And lol idk about those pony tail dudes.
30 minutes more...
:O that's mean
nice guys finish last
Thanks for following me Welcome Following back...
Have a gr8 weekend!
;
thanks man!
Will do!
Just recorded the most minimalist guitar solo ever on the track unconditional less is more.
i know she is so annoying she treats us like freaking babies
Hi there!
Happy thanksgiving too...
I love you so much.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
SO to St Stephen's Green in Philly for being wonderful hosts to the Philly Finnegans Wake Group.
Go there and give them your money.
saw ur face on a few billboards round town.
Schnazzzy
Life is to short...
so add an extra e.
Libraries are the rural extension service of the information age.
On the plane!
Headed for Chicago, then Vegas!
Finally excited and ready!
Wish us luck!
Xo
remind me to share a video of my first year of teaching.
YIKES!
Thanks for joining the ECET tweetworld!
totally terrible  do you know who they are using to stream?
I work with a register and as I tell the total to the customer sometimes I read it backwards lol
Writing a new song.
Sounds like noise now...
Soon it will be music though.
im sure of it.
Lol.
Glad they did, but Orange fans really failed tonight.
NoHomeCourt advtg.
via : Illinois is a dangerous team when they make runs.
i wonder if any ones wearing shorts tomorrow.
derp
Finally done!!
hurry home festivities starting soon
Long night at work...but I work for all I got..shorty got her own :
She needs an interactive Vtech baby laptop.
She's smart  will catch on quickly.

Thanks for the mention!
We are both cut from the same cloth  GET IT DONE!
People need to stop saying YOLO.
Where there's a Le Barron, there's hope.
Only if you follow us!
: btw get your butt to MN.
KS95 hasn't been playing you as much as they should be.
Watching 80's videos on VH1 Classic, Ahh!
I miss the 80's!!!
Everyone go check out our music on Facebook!!!
We are gonna have our Debut EP on March 30th so pumped
doctorving 60 in a 35 and then realizing i don't have my license with me.
Your hot.
no!!
It would be miserable with you
: Naw I'm not I be hearing abt you  your groupies
I just ate about twenty cookies..
and milk;
Harry Edward Styles
why don't you have no where to sleep?
Knew about them already.
Rudy's breakfast sucks
WTF it's the police.
Apparently the house phone kept calling 911...
How does that happen?
ight one more question!!
you know how in pro tools u can do audiosuite.
like eq one region!
can u do that in logic?
thanks!!
Thanks for the follow, Liz.
What is your secret to getting so many followers?
it is easier to attack others than examine oneself.
Keep fighting the good fight.
You are a brave lady.
Much respect.
And giving the rest of the world an opportunity to appreciate the music as well!
There some dope artists comine out from the islands
listening to one direction.
what else would i be doing?
LOL
I can follow up with email questions later, but just want first impressions for now.
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.
Sammy Davis, Jr.
I wish you were awake right now so I could talk to u :
I wonder if the Burn Book would happen on FB if Mean Girls were created today?
'Mean Girls' turns 8 years old today.
please follow me so I can reply to ur message
thank you sir
Meeting this morning to plan our fall newsletter issue.
Anything you'd particularly like to see covered?
A pair of tickets to ' Earth Jam Fashion Benefit coming your way to win before 5p!
Hide ya kids Hide ya Wife RT is blowing up my news feed
It's been 2 months for me D: WAHHH
Guide To Clickbank  How to make money on hub pages
Despicable Me when he goes to the Bank of Evil  hits all those cars out the way to park
Hope it doesn't rain
o well ain't going to hurt my feelings but I bet tomorrow there will be words...
lmao smh
You are soo beautiful OMG
come on haha
Preparing for Tennessee mornings tomorrow..Tune in between 8:309.
I'll be singing a couple from the upcoming cd Out of the Shadows.
Wtf I look like being a grown ass woman with kids taking another woman's purse  goin through her shit?
Never that.
Back from Italy with more dances to teach!
What a beautiful country :
Great weekend at Officer Training!
Now it's back to the grind before Thanksgiving in two days!
Two tests stand in my way!
What are some of the cooler radio station shirt designs you have seen?
can we get some updates, 2 storied programs there
Do we loose punk points because in the office today we have the Bette Midler For the Boys on our netflix?
If they are not selling any gas, they will be inclined to reduce their prices.
If they reduce their prices, the other companies will too
Been reading and connecting on  other sites, reading and...expanding my consciousness...sounds better than sleeping right?
Baseball practice, Tarpon Springs, Magic Game then New Smyrna Beach.Lets go!
You are our hero!
Thanx for the tweet 'craving confessions'!!
Shout out to for keeping us posted on the status of the referendum!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 2
very cool
I posted a status and now people think I'm moving back home..
Why do i still give af'
Lol!
Yay!
And you're invited to  my wedding on 11/15/11 my bday when I'm old enough to legally get
I agree to the content vs.
fan idea.
There are lots of museums that have great collections but are crappy museums.
pretty good, how'd mommys day go?
wat happen to my video
Surviving the Applewhites by Stephanie S.
Tolan: Bad Kid Makes Good...
After watching on BizarreFoods Syria, I want to take my wife and 3 month old newborn there.
Crazy?
Yep, I feel exactly the same way.
It's a good realization, though, because there's always a clear road to happiness.
Big Fair is rocking it at the Childoctorn's Hospital Boston Battle of the Bands!
Once you fall for someone's personality, everything about that person becomes beautiful.
for a good min, I'll be here thou check dm
thinking that play always has NO construct is a narrow view
Couldn't watch rangers win!
Rcn does not offer nbc sports bo.
hahahahahha WE'RE SO TAN!!
...
3hours later sunburt red ass gross lobster hahahaha
Now we don't beef bout nthn unless money involved...
It's hard to get out of bed when you know that all you'll be doing is studying all day
I hate so bad.
middlefingerup To The Ones That Did Me Wrong Including Family
money from strangers
I love you too much to let you go.
hey please RT this and follow me
As an Aggie, I'm sure you'd change your mind if Baylor produced a few ewes.
Robert Downey Jr is by far my fav actor
YOU CANT TELL ME NUN CUZ iDUN BEEN THRU iT ALL
It was big success!
We had 670 donors!!
I want to be Shooter McGavin.
Another spectacular win for the home team Broncos 13 vs Chicago 10 in overtime
IM trying to just vibe tonight
We were super picky with selection  everyone's been on top ten lists w/ LA Times, LA Weekly, Buzzbands, etc or
yeah thats true!
hate being forced to work in silence.
.
thanks!!
Why am I on the RnR San Diego website right now???
:
Have you guys heard 's new single I'm Not A Gangsta?
It's totally hot right now and in the clubs!
I wanna run and smash into u just once
I see you speaking, but I just hear piano!
Thank u!
Thank u!
We appreciate the follow and luv ur tweets!
:
Do you think Facebook's purchase of Instagram means that there will be no more Share to Twitter feature?
Season Opener is away at UWM, follow closely as gameday approaches for more news and updates!
Germany is bailing out Greece  I'm in for it all!
one of the guys on the bachelorette just said the corniest thing of life.
5/12.
